
 
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Sagar Cements Limited 
Q1 FY16 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 31, 2015 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q1 FY16 Earnings conference 
call for Sagar Cements. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand over  the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Gavin Desa 
Thank you and good day everyone and welcome to Sagar Cements’ Q1 FY16 
analysts and investor conference call. We have with us today Mr. Sreekanth Reddy 
– Executive Director; Mr. Prasad K. – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. P. S. Prasad – 
Vice President – Marketing; Mr. Rajesh Singh – AVP-Marketing and Mr. R. 
Soundararajan – Company Secretary. 
We will begin this conference call with opening remarks from the management 
following which we will have the floor open for interactive Q&A session. Before we 
begin I would like to point out that certain statements made in today's discussions 
may be forward-looking in nature and a note to that effect was stated in the concall 
invitee sent to you earlier. We trust you have had a chance to receive and go 
through the documents and financial performance. I would now like to handover to 
Mr. Reddy to make his opening remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to Sagar Cements Earnings 
Conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2015. Let me briefly share with you 
some insights with regard to the sector. The demand situation in general continue 
to remain soft as sluggish housing demand, weak rural demand and the late pick 
up in the government spending weighed down the demand for the quarter. Pricing 
environment on the other hand remained more or less stable in our key markets 
during the quarter. 
 
Moving on to the expense declining coal and fuel costs should help us lower our 
operating overheads thereby enabling higher accretion and sustainability of the 
margin. On the whole while there are signs of things shaping up favorably for the 
economy and sector, given the persistent efforts of the government it will be a 
gradual process. 
 
Moving on to our financials net sale during the quarter increased to Rs. 195 crore 
up 44% from Rs. 135 crore reported during the Q1FY15. EBITDA for the quarter 
improved substantially for the quarter and stood at Rs. 38 crore as against Rs. 42 
lakhs generated during the corresponding quarter last year. Higher gross 
realizations and better cost efficiency primarily drove the improved operational 
possibility. Gross realization per ton improved to Rs. 5,259 from Rs. 4,302 during 
Q1 FY15. 

 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Profit after Tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 23 crore as against a loss of Rs. 8 crore 
during Q1 FY15.  
                                        From an  operational perspective cement plant operated a 65% utilization levels of 
the total sales of approximately 67% of the dispatches were made in markets 
outside of AP and Telangana, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, and Karnataka remain the 
top three markets for us during the quarter. 
 
Moving on to the expenses average fuel cost per ton for the quarter stood at Rs. 
801 as against Rs. 973 for the similar quarter last year. Reductions in expenses 
were primarily on account of higher usage of imported coal given the declining 
international coal prices and change in coal mix. Domestic and international coal 
mix for the quarter was 14:86. Freight cost per ton for the quarter stood lower at 
Rs. 651 as against Rs. 729 during Q1 of FY15. Due to decrease in fuel price and 
also the lead distances. 
 
Decline in the freight cost was also up partly on account of higher volumes towards 
Maharashtra wherein the freight cost for us is slightly lower at compared to the 
other states outside Telangana and AP markets.  
 
As far as key balance sheet items are concerned the gross debt as on 30 June 
2015 stood at Rs. 176 crore out of which Rs. 137 crore is the long term debt and 
the remaining constitutes the working capital. The net worth of the company as on 
30 June stood at Rs. 544 crore. Debt-to-equity ratio stands at 0.25:1 and the bank 
balances were Rs. 93 crore as on 30 June. 
 
That concludes my opening remarks. We would now be glad to take any questions 
that you have. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, sir.  
We have the first question from the line of Anshuman Atri from Espirito Santo 
Securities.  
Anshuman Atri 
Sir, my question is related to the cement sales, how much of it was ex-BMM? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think in the first quarter there is around 35,600 tons is the traded sale, what 
has been from BMM. 
Anshuman Atri 
So out of this 435,000; 35,000 is from BMM? 
Sreekanth Reddy. 
Yes, correct. 
Anshuman Atri 
And second is in terms of what is your expectation in terms of growth going forward 
in this full year for Sagar as well as for the South industry? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I will can comment about on Sagar. We are not expecting a significant shift in terms 
of our incremental volume increases. We do hope to sustain what we have done in 
the current quarter for the next three quarters. I think that is the outlook that we 
have going forward for the current financial year. 
Anshuman Atri 
Around 10% to 15% growth? 
Formatted: Font: Not Bold

 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, I don’t think there is 10% to 15% growth but similar volumes what we have 
done in Q1 barring the incremental volumes that would add up from BMM, more or 
less trend line looks to be very similar. 
Anshuman Atri 
And what would be the ramp up for BMM? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I think BMM it is now more or less fully operational aligned with most of the 
sectorial averages which is at 50% to 55%, we are aligned with that. During the Q1 
of course we took middle of April and there were some statutory clearances that 
required. It took close to two months or so. But now the ramp up is more or less 
complete as far as the volumes BMM is concerned. 
Anshuman Atri 
So this will be the run rate around 35,000 tons to 5,000, 000 tons? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Close to that number. I am sure probably in another week to ten days we will be 
updating the monthly system we should be around that number. 
Anshuman Atri 
One last question is on the demand side. Are we seeing any government spending 
or what are the factors which you see on the positive note? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think there were a few initiations that have happened still none of them have 
fully got fructified. There were two tenders that were floated, one by Telangana 
government other by the AP government. I would not say tender but request for the 
proposal. 
Anshuman Atri 
And just one last thing. If you could share like last time you had given your 
expectation of growth of in various markets wherein you operate? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See as I stated before this so I have to combine all the markets different areas for 
us. We are not seeing a significant shift at least for the coming few quarters. There 
is a balancing act we do expect certain volume incremental slight upsides in both 
Telangana and AP. Tamil Nadu, Karnataka we are looking more like a flattish trend 
and Maharashtra we do hope to start seeing what was the downward trend to 
come to positive or a flattish kind of a scenario. And then to start turning positive for 
the may be two quarters down the line. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Veera from Edelweiss 
Securities.  
Rahul Veera 
Sir, just a quick question. Have we received the mining clearance for BMM? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Not yet. I think that is what we are eagerly waiting but I believe lot of files started 
getting cleared. We are positively hoping that the BMM mining lease also is in the 
similar kind of file status so we do expect the month; month-and-half the clearance 
has to come by. 
Rahul Veera 
And sir, what was the cash balance you mentioned earlier? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Rs. 93 crore. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Khurana from Laburnum 
Capital Advisors.. 

 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Vaibhav Khurana: 
If we look at your financials over the last five, six years the EBITDA has generally 
been quite compressed in line with other South Indian players because realizations 
have been quite poor. Now in the last year a couple of things have happened. One 
is there has been a little bit of demand uptake in the South but I think more 
importantly there has been better pricing discipline in the South. Now the South is 
conventionally regarded as a fragmented market with much worse price discipline 
than elsewhere in the country. Are there any reasons you think that prices in the 
South might continue to stabilize at these high levels or given the low level of 
capacity utilization and the fragmented nature of the industry should we basically 
expect prices to come back down to where they have been earlier? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I cannot comment on prices been very high. I think prices are as remunerative as it 
should be for any industry so we are no exception. Secondly, I think we have been 
very pragmatic and cautious about not selling below certain remunerative price. So 
that is probably has reflected in our performance over last few quarters. Earlier 
there was a push or there is an urge for us to look at higher market share. From the 
urge of going for a higher market share now we are trying to look at the health of 
the balance sheet to which we at Sagar have decided not to really get in to the 
market share related issues but to be more cautious about those markets which 
would be more remunerative we are only servicing to that which obviously 
impacted the overall capacity utilization. We prefer an optimal mix of trying to 
sustain at certain EBITDA levels rather than at a higher market share for the higher 
capacity utilization. This is what we have reached. We believe there could be few 
challenges on the way but I think that is the only choice that havechoice that has 
left with us. Is it sustainable? weWe do believe it should in the interest of the sector 
and in the interest of the company we believe it is few months or few quarters it 
might be tested but we are very pragmatic about our efforts. We believe that that is 
the way forward till the market really picks up and we start going back to the higher 
operating rates. We at Sagar firmly believe that we would not tell unless we realize 
these kind of EBITDA margins. 
Vaibhav Khurana: 
And what are you seeing from your competitors from the South are they being 
aggressive in cutting prices? There are two parts that question. One, are you 
seeing greater or reduced aggression in terms of people cutting prices and being 
willing to sell at any price and two, the capacity addition that was happening in the 
South as many small plants tries to get to minimum viability threshold. Has that 
basically died down so can we say that in the next two, three years we are likely to 
see very little fresh capacity come on? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, I think let us try to not trap all the things together. What we see is next three 
years we do not see a big capacity addition not that people have no interest or 
trying to put up but usually as you know that this sector takes 3 to 5 years for 
making the ground breaking or an idea to some concept to commissioning now it is 
4 to 5 years kind of a horizon. If somebody who is in some stage it is easy for us to 
estimate when they will come. Given it is a reasonably transparent kind of a sector 
we do not expect any new capacities that are getting added up in South as such 
barring one or two which are in advance stage of commissioning or probably 
through trial run and we are not expecting any new fresh capacities adding up in 
this sector in this area. That is one. The second is usually it is cyclical commodity. I 
think it has always behaved the same. So whenever there is a gap in demand and 
supply when there is more demand and less supply there is a rush for capacity 
addition. And whenever there is higher supply and lower demand people generally 
shrink in adding up the capacity. I think between 2005 and 2010, rather 2011 we 
went through a scenario where everybody was rushing for the capacities. Today it 
is other way around where we are only trying to wait for the demand to catch up so 
that operating rates would go up this is the current scenario. And for next three 
years we do not see a big shift in terms of demand supply scenario. Going for 

 
Page 5 of 19 
 
possibly that the gap would narrow down. Given that scenario not much capacity is 
getting added up and exactly that is what is happening on the ground. 
Vaibhav Khurana: 
And what about competitor aggression on pricing? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think here this commodity is basic commodity so here people generally 
though perceived that everybody is a competition I think competition here is more 
about how you sell yourself rather than trying to look at how others are doing. 
Given the scenario as far as Sagar is concerned as I stated before we are not 
aggressively perusing the option of going for a market share and we believe most 
of the rational players there are many of them we also believe that everybody also 
will be thinking on similar lines. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Shah from Antique.  
Pratik Shah 
Sir, I have one question regarding your sales mix. You have reported if I just add 
up your volume for AP, Telangana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu and compare it like-
to-like with year-on-year so it gives a 5% growth. This was negative 4%, negative 
5% for last two quarters. So is this I mean just an optical thing or there is a pickup 
in growth which we are seeing? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I think what you are trying to look at is the right numbers. In our case the uptake is 
purely because of some incremental volumes that we have done for BMM which is 
a new addition for us which was not existent in the previous quarters. 
Pratik Shah 
Okay, so it is purely due to the new additions and not due to like-to-like if you 
compare like-to-like numbers? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, I do not think you can compare like-to-like in terms of the volumes. It is purely 
because of small additions that has happened in from BMM. Going forward you 
might look at a higher addition but that is purely because of the ramp up that is 
happening in BMM. Net-net I do not think there is a big shift in the market but for 
the arithmetic addition of BMM getting aligned in to the Sagar’s consolidated 
number. So I think that is the only change that we are trying to give as an outlook 
for the next few quarters. 
Pratik Shah 
And sir, on the power and fuel cost your proportion for the imported cost continues 
to move up. So is there further scope of moving it to 100% level? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think we are taking it as always based on day-to-day kind of a basis. 
Probably there could be a shift as long as it is very positive in terms of this 
international coal prices being the way they are. Yes, there is a possibility that it 
might inch up higher than what it is currently. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vineet Verma from Nomura 
Financial Advisory & Securities.  
Vineet Verma 
Sir, my first question is your guidance for the next three to four quarters. Does this 
take in to account the rainfalls in some parts of South as well, as in the West has 
been quite below the normal. So if you can just share your thoughts on that I mean 
how it could impact the demand? And secondly, on your domestic coal price I 
understand it is a gone up quarter-on-quarter which would be because of the 
freight cost but is that the Singareni coal mines have started charging for the DMF 
on the coal as well? If you can give clarity on that. And my third question is I mean 
given the lucrative pricing in the South compared to the other regions are we 

 
Page 6 of 19 
 
seeing more amount of cement coming in to the South from the other regions? 
These are my three questions. 
Sreekanth Reddy 
The first question I would like to address is the coal related issue. Yes, there has 
not been a significant shift in terms of the domestic coal prices there has not been 
any increased per se in the last quarter. The only small shift that has happened in 
terms of the current Q1 is purely because we have also sourced some amount of 
domestic coal very little quantity from other than Singareni coal. There were some 
coal fines that we have received which was slightly of a much better quality than 
what usually we take it from Singareni. That is where it is reflecting. But there has 
not been a shift in terms of the average landed price from Singareni is concerned in 
to Sagar. 
 
Next is the market related issue. See our outlook what we have stated even in the 
last quarter for the current financial year we have not expected any shift in terms of 
demand outlook we expect it to be as flat or very similar to how it has been last 
year. It definitely takes in to consideration there are some areas in South where 
there is a deficit rainfall and there are some areas where it is higher than expected. 
But net-net the rural demand we expected it to be subdued purely because there 
were untimely rains in some parts due to which we did factor in our internal 
assessment that would definitely impact some amount of demand. Having taken 
that in to consideration we are assuming that more or less the demand outlook for 
the areas that we operate on an average would be flattish with slight positive bias 
but it would be more or less flattish. 
Vineet Verma 
And sir, in terms of the question was about because the pricing in South is quite 
lucrative as compared to the other regions. I mean aren’t we seeing some bit of 
reversal flow of cement coming in from the other region in to the South? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, see this I think the pricing being lucrative is only on differential basis. I think 
there is a huge freight cost that gets added up when somebody wants to shift from 
inter regional movements as to happen. We do see some opportunistic kind of 
players keep coming once in a while but that is very, very miniscule. That keeps 
happening on inter regional movements whenever there is a slight arbitrage in 
terms of slightly higher margins. But that is very, very miniscule. You have to look 
at the overall market size to watch such an opportunistic kind of volumes come 
from a different region is very, very limited or negligible I would put it. 
Vineet Verma 
But sir, I understand that but clearly based on the current pricing the gap is almost 
like Rs. 100 to Rs. 120 per bag? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
But I think it is to do with the freight also. See if you look at the freight fortunately or 
unfortunately the price as well as the freight has a great correlation. It is not very 
straight for central region to get in to high price or so called high priced South 
market because there are markets like Maharashtra and Northern Telangana and 
Northern AP which are not exactly as high as what would see in down South purely 
because of the freight adjustments. So given that scenario it is not easy for 
anybody to get in to those markets barring very negligible quantities because you 
need to have a network you need to have some presence there to service those 
markets. And it cannot happen for somebody who wants to do it in ad-hoc or one 
off kind of a scenario.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotak 
Securities.  

 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Murtuza Arsiwalla 
My question was pretty much on the lines with the previous participant. Essentially 
on the price differential between the various regions and you have seen players in 
South also looking at either Central or West where the price differential is much 
more. So how do the economics essentially work out for you let us say if you are 
looking at more sort of participation in the Western markets the prices are not as 
lucrative as your South and how much is that freight differential let us say for a 
player from South when he is looking at West or Central and likewise for a player 
from North when he is looking at the Western market. If you could just elaborate on 
this entire scheme as to how one should look at it? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
It is to do now let us take Gulbarga as an example which is actually in the transition 
zone between West and South. Now best parts of Southern markets where the 
prices are very good is reasonably far off from Gulbarga than the western market. 
Something like a Sholapur to compare with a Bangalore from Gulbarga’ Sholapur is 
probably half the distance compared to Bangalore from Gulbarga. So you have 
very limited choice of how much material that you could take to Bangalore it is not 
like you would be diverting what goes to Sholapur you divert it to Bangalore just 
because price is high. Once you start doing it I think the NCR what we call as the 
Naked Cement Realization at the doorstep of the plant may not be significantly 
different servicing Bangalore markets that of Sholapur market. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla 
But typically if for instance and your own example in that case what would is sort of 
price differential at which point it does not really make a difference to your? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, I think we look at what is the kind of margin that we make. If you follow us we 
actually put some materials in Sholapur as well as in Bangalore. Yes, when prices 
are decent enough like how it is in Bangalore right now the EBITDA per ton 
differential would be anywhere between Rs. 200 to Rs. 400 by servicing Bangalore. 
But again we have a limitation of how much material I can put in Bangalore 
because my network and my bandwidth in Bangalore is fairly limited to the volumes 
that I have been doing it. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla 
So it is not alone a function of the price differential you may have like to sell more 
in Bangalore but you cannot? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I would prefer to sell right after my gate from the plant but there is a limitation in 
terms of how much market would accept my brand alone. I mean there are quite a 
few other people so we have to optimize on those issues. For example today by 
selling in Andhra I might make around Rs. 1,500 EBITDA per ton but I may make 
only Rs. 400 or Rs. 500 EBITDA by selling in Sholapur. Since fortunately I am 
making some EBITDA margin so I have to spread to all the markets wherever I am 
making EBITDA. And there are some places where we may not make EBITDA we 
made just breakeven but purely because of strategic value see these are all not 
fixed forever. So we need to sell our cement and we need to be having some brand 
presence everywhere so we try to optimize our presence based on strategic value 
from short-term, medium term and long term planning and accordingly we try to 
distribute. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla 
If it is something that comfortable could you give an indication or let us say you are 
present in Bangalore you are present little bit in Maharashtra; you are present in 
Andhra obviously. Could you sort of give an indication as to what is the EBITDA 
differential for your plant that you are making today? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
We probably make around Rs. 800 EBITDA to Bangalore from Sagar same thing 
we make from BMM around Rs. 1,500 purely because of the freight difference. For 
Sholapur alone if I have to look at it not like Maharashtra as a whole probably we 

 
Page 8 of 19 
 
will make around Rs. 400 or Rs. 500 EBITDA purely because the price in Sholapur 
is lower. Freight to Sholapur is lower compared with Bangalore and the current 
realization in Sholapur is lower than Bangalore purely because the selling price in 
Sholapur is lower.  
Murtuza Arsiwalla 
Essentially, we are trying to get a sense of obviously South as a region obviously it 
is different pockets it is sort of fully to generalized the whole region as one. But just 
trying to get a sense of you have seen prices in West be weak far more than the 
South which is possibly because both players from Karnataka; from Andhra etc 
looking to sort of get a share of that market whether there are incremental 
capacities are up and not also which are looking at parts of Western India. And you 
have seen the kind of prices come off in West meaningfully so I am just trying to 
get a gauge as to how much more downside risk they could be to prices in those 
regions essentially. 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes see, it is a function of market so if you have to rationally analyze I think it has 
no meaning in any of the statements that we make purely because if there is so 
much demand supply gap the price should have not been what it has been 
anywhere for that matter either in South or for Maharashtra. So we hope every 
player servicing each of the market becomes rational to take a meaningful 
realization out of the markets that they servicing just for the survival not for any 
other thing. So we hope everything gets aligned to basic function of trying to do 
business for the sake of doing business not for the sake of getting market share. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Chheda from Enam 
Holdings.  
Bhavin Chheda 
Sir, just a couple of questions. Have the prices sustained in July compared to the 
exit in June in all the markets where you are present mainly Maharashtra, Orissa, 
AP, TN? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See we had not seen a significant shift. There is some erosion but not as 
significant as it should be expected purely because monsoon is on and off so there 
is some amount of ambiguity as to whether dealer stock in or not but barring that 
we are not seen a big change. 
Bhavin Chheda 
Because the Maharashtra market had seen some decline in May, June particularly 
so has those prices recovered as compared to Feb, March levels? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See our footprint Maharashtra is primarily towards the eastern part of Maharashtra 
and prices more or less have remained stable I would put it because in the areas 
that we operate not much of a shift is there. They are as such very low so. 
Bhavin Chheda 
And sir, other question particularly on the AP market if I am seeing your last four 
quarters’ volume it has improved from 1,20,000, 20,000 to 1,24,000, 24,000 to 
1,37000, 37000 to 1,57,000, 57,000 in the current quarter so can I assume that 
there has been an industry growth pick up in a similar manner in the last four 
quarters or you could have gained more market share than the industry? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, see I think there are two issues. One, our quantities had gone up there come 
down. If you have to compare with Q1 of FY15. 
Bhavin Chheda 
Yes, on YoY it has come down sir, I am trying to compare sequentially? 

 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
You know in quarter-to-quarter the only shift is on BMM capacity getting added as 
such nothing we do not chase the market share. As a company we do not chase 
the market share it is purely because of BMM incremental additions. 
Bhavin Chheda 
So BMM volumes were how much in the AP volumes? I think you have reported 
AP volumes of 157,000 this quarter, right AP and Telangana? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes in Telangana it is 157,000. 
Bhavin Chheda 
So BMM should be how much in that? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I would say around.1000020,000 to. 25,000. 
 
Bhavin Chheda 
So excluding that you are saying that there is under substantial growth? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
There is no shift that much I can tell you there is absolutely no shift. In fact we have 
been coming down quarter-on-quarter if you are looking at us for last five years our 
geographical spread has been very uniform and we have been consciously 
reducing the dependence on one single state.. 
Bhavin Chheda 
Yes so, actually I was coming to the second question on that only so yes, I see 
your Y-o-Y numbers in three years numbers you are down. So in terms of two to 
three years you have lost market share but the AP, Telangana pricing has been 
strong so now it is not possible to shift your other market volumes to this market 
volume, right? It disturbs the pricing pattern? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Sir, it is very simple. As I stated before in my call we do not chase the market 
share. And for your information there is no shift in our market share. Market itself 
shrank. 
Bhavin Chheda 
Okay, so your saying your three years’ market share would have been more or less 
similar plus, minus? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
It may be slightly lower but the overall market also shrank as much. So we are 
more or less aligned with the market sir. There is no great change. If you have to 
look at quarter-on-quarter also more than AP and Telangana markets see our 
outside AP market if you have to compare for last 14 quarters or rather 13 quarters 
we have been significantly dropping AP and Telangana share in our overall sales 
trend has been coming down quarter-on-quarter. I do not know if you are really 
tracked but in Q4 of last year it was 29%. It has just shifted by 4% that too only 
because of BMM mentioned not because of any other thing. 
Bhavin Chheda 
And sir, what would be your CAPEX for this year and next year if any? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See this year we take there are two types of CAPEX sir, one is the medium term 
CAPEX as such we are coming out of the railway project and the other optimization 
project so there is no big plan when it comes to medium term. As far as Sagar is 
concerned. So we are doing the regular kind of a thing which would be somewhere 
around Rs.7 crore to Rs.10 crore for the current financial year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Giriraj Daga from SKS Capital.  
Formatted: Font: Not Bold

 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Giriraj Daga 
Sir, my question is related to how much we have paid to BMM till now till 30 June? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
We have paid Rs. 150 crore as advance. 
Giriraj Daga 
And how much is pending now from like once the deal will be closed? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I think the equity and unsecured loans cumulatively we should factor up 
somewhere around another Rs. 100 crore to Rs. 110 crore. But it also amounts to 
some amount of debt restructuring that we have to do from the current lenders 
there is some small adjustments that we are trying to do. We are moving over from 
some banks and trying to get it aligned with our current bankers. 
Giriraj Daga 
And then we will be taking out another Rs. 280 crore of debt from that? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, sir. 
Giriraj Daga 
And normally like assuming this quarter if you would be able to close the 
transaction from the second half we can reach to that 50% to 55% kind of utilization 
for BMM? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, it will be very safe to assume. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Agarwal from Edelweiss.  
Akshay Agarwal 
Sir, my question was regarding this shift from you are saying the BMM is currently 
running at a capacity of only 14% I mean you have given that 35,000 cement has 
been produced there? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See we just took under the management contract for buying the cement and selling 
it in Sagar. We just started end of April so that number is not appropriate reason if 
you have to factor the capacity utilization. Subsequent to that there is an alignment 
which we had to do with the tax registration authorities that itself took us more than 
a month, month-and-half. So ramp up I am sure in the current quarter itself it would 
get reflected and it will get aligned with all the sectorial players in the region. 
Akshay Agarwal 
And sir, going forward I think the hypothesis of the entire transaction was the fact 
that BMM is more close to the down south market than AP, Telangana so if the 
BMM ramp up happens will more and more capacity or more and more sales 
happen Karnataka and Tamil Nadu vis-à-vis Andhra Pradesh and Telangana? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No sir, I think if you look at it yes, there is slight shift that could happen on a 
consolidated basis it would get negated with some shift that was already happening 
from Sagar would probably be routed from BMM. Yes that would go in to the other 
places. So it would net-net mean that the overall sales mix in terms of percentage 
would remain very similar to what we have incurred so far. Absolute numbers what 
you are saying would be correct but in the overall kind of percentages the market 
mix for us would remain similar. 
Akshay Agarwal 
But sir, if your overall volumes are going up and more volumes are going to 
Karnataka, Tamil Nadu market where the realizations are not that high as AP, 
Telangana then can we expect the average realization to be slightly lower going 
forward? 

 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, can I make a correction, see I think the realization per se Karnataka and Tamil 
Nadu from Sagar to be lower but when it gets to aligned to BMM it would be as far 
as slightly better. 
Akshay Agarwal 
Okay, because of the saving in freight cost? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Saving in credit nothing unusual but it is theoretical in same meter. 
Akshay Agarwal 
And sir, this quarter the freight cost has been reported as Rs. 650 so this is all the 
function of the fuel cost or again some part of BMM? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think it is more to do with the market mix in terms of geographic mix and very 
limited portion can be attributed to reduction in fuel cost because there was only 
one the instance of reduction in fuel cost. But it is more to do with the market 
alignment and there is a shift towards BMM so that is what has happened. Instead 
of material going from Sagar all the way to Bangalore BMM started pushing 35,000 
tons is not a small quantity. It is close to 10% to 12%.  
Akshay Agarwal 
My last question is I think just related to the previous participant on the CAPEX. So 
you said sir, the CAPEX had been around Rs. 123 crore has been already spent in 
the railway siding or you don’t plan to sort of go ahead with it what the 
understanding of it? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, we have spent close to Rs. 100 crore on the railway project. There is another 
Rs. 20 crore that is still left in railways which we have decided to shift because that 
is more to do with the automation. We thought the idea was to ramp up and get 
going. So that kind of a CAPEX there is a shift which we for sure I am not going to 
do any in current year. Even if you had to do it will be a small number not a bigger 
number. So all in all the planning is to restrict the CAPEX in the current financial 
year between Rs. 7 crore to Rs. 10 crore. 
Akshay Agarwal 
And any CAPEX required in BMM? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Other than the enterprise value what we have decided sir, there is not much of the 
CAPEX value other than Rs. 5 crore to Rs. 6 crore which we have to do on an 
annual basis to sustain the running of the plant. There is no big investment that is 
required even at BMM. 
Akshay Agarwal 
And sir, further this transaction would you be requiring some sort of approval from 
the CCI just kind of… 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No sir, I do not think but that was checked much in advance. I do not think there is 
any requirement of CCI’s approval for going ahead with the transaction. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Soni from Baljit Securities.  
Rahul Soni 
Sir, you said in your opening remarks that the margins has been improved due to 
the fall in the fuel cost and which is evident from the power and fuel cost which has 
gone down from Rs. 58.8 crore in June last year to Rs. 43.6 crore in the last 
quarter. Sir, but when I look at the Slide #No. 10 where you have mentioned the 
coal cost rupees per ton in June quarter 2016 both the indigenous and imported 
coal price average has actually gone up slightly on Y-o-Y basis. So I am not able to 
understand how this power and fuel cost actually go down? 

 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, it is purely because the actual quantities have come down because there is a 
shift in quality of coal that we started buying. The South African coal what we call 
as RB1 is of a such superior grade so the quantity of coal that is actually consumed 
has come down and the process as we have been making investments in to the 
process optimization so those things also started yielding results. That is the 
reason why there is a shift in specific fuel cost has come down though the average 
coal acquisition price has gone up. 
Rahul Soni 
So this is a strategical move to shift to higher mix of international coal? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I would not say strategic move sir, it is a commercial move so it was making more 
sense to go for imported coal at this point of time. 
Rahul Soni 
So but if I see the data financial year 2014 and 2015 actually the imported coal 
prices are more volatile? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes sir, now it is actually see what we are only seeing is the cost but for the given 
cost the quality of imported coal also has shifted quite a bit. See what we used to 
get RB2, RB3 today we are getting RB1. See what we used to get 5200 GCV for 
this type today for same price we are getting 6,000 odd GCV coal. So that also we 
have to keep in mind. 
Rahul Soni 
So at lesser price you are getting higher calorific value? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Probably for the same cost we are able to get a better quality coal. 
Rahul Soni 
And sir, can you give the region why sales break up for the last quarter and 
corresponding quarter? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, it is there in our presentation. If you look at Slide #15. But just in case if you 
are looking for something more than what you have presented please we are just 
more than happy address that. But as such we have given it in Slide #15 of the 
presentation. 
Rahul Soni 
And sir, you have any plan to cut your debt more in the current financial year? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, as such debts are low. These are all long term debt it is with the schedule so I 
think we would be following the path that we have chosen quite some time back. 
Rahul Soni 
And sir, one last question. What is the installed capacity as on date? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
At Sagar it is 2.75 million at BMM It is 1 million. 
Rahul Soni 
And at Sagar is including that Vicat portion? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No sir, there is no Vicat portion anymore it is already sold out close to two quarters 
back. And we never used to consolidate that either issue. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Kumar Ravi from Centrum 
Broking.  
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
Sir, on your standalone basis if I see there is a 7% volume growth on your 
production number so that is driven by on account you have been like overall is 

 
Page 13 of 19 
 
there any improvement in market or this is a moderation in the decline that you 
have seen? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, it is purely see what we have been doing is if there is a dry season we end up 
producing slightly higher and this incremental is purely because of BMM addition or 
else there is not much of a shift in the overall production plans. See if there is an 
increase probably it will get offset in this current quarter because we have 
postponed some amount of maintenance that was there that was to be done in last 
quarter to this quarter purely because this being a monsoon month so we will 
instead of trying to run with a wet weather we preferred to close down in the current 
we prefer to close for more number of days in the current quarter compared with 
the previous one. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
So what I understand is the BMM production was around 35,000 that you have sold 
as purchase of traded goods; is that correct? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, BMM we did around 35,600. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
So if I net that off on a Y-o-Y basis still there is a growth there so you are saying 
you have produced you have sold more assuming that you will have a production 
shutdown? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, we in anticipation that we will have to take a longer shut down for the current 
quarter yes, we ended up running for more number of days there in the previous 
quarter. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
So but how was the demand scenario if I missed it in the earlier part of your 
comment? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
That is again strictly our outlook is that there is not going to be any shift from how it 
has been for the previous year. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
So you expect to see a sharp decline again in double digit that we have seen in last 
year? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, I am not telling that it would be a decline we are seeing about the same volume 
what we have seen in last year we are seeing same number. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
Okay, so flattish? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, flattish. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
And this BMM limestone mining is still not yet cleared. So far your BMM would be 
sourcing lime stone and making clinker, right? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, correct 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
So the cost of production would obviously be higher so once the BMM own lime 
stone mining starts you will have the benefit of that also coming through? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes sir, but it would probably get offset with certain other cost structure. See today 
the way we the arrangement is see we are buying BMM at a fixed price. So the 
margin is purely between what we buy and what we sell. See as and when BMM 

 
Page 14 of 19 
 
gets consolidated I think the impact would be very similar. Margin would go up in 
BMM. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
No sir, the clinkerization cost will come down once we have own clinker lime stone 
mining for BMM manufacturing? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Anyhow it is not our responsibility sir, we are buying it from the current 
management and in certain fixed price. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
No, not from the current perspective once like in by September you expect 
everything to get sorted out? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes sir. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
And secondly sir, on the debt numbers that you currently have as you said that 
there would be around Rs. 300 crore of debt of BMM that would come on board get 
reflected in your balance sheet on a consol basis. Then you have another Rs. 150 
crore to be paid as equity to them. So what would be your peak debt on consol 
level that we can factored in? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Around Rs. 450 crore. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
As against current around Rs. 200 crore? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes around Rs. 176 crore become Rs. 450 crore on a consolidated basis. And 
these are long term debt 10 year tenure. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
So next two years what would be your total CAPEX at the consol level that you 
would see? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I think this year we can be sure that it will be somewhere around Rs. 10 crore to 
Rs. 12 crore not more. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
Okay, so in this quarter railways side how much you have spent sir in Q1? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Not much sir, because most of the spending has already happened. So we are just 
waiting for clearances to happen for the railway line yet to come. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
So as I understand even if we do not go for the automation portion the last CAPEX 
that your initial talking which you have deferred you would still get the benefit of the 
railway siding once that get connected? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes sir, it is. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
So what would be the savings that you would see from this? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
So what we have factored is Rs. 1 crore per month around Rs. 12 crore to Rs. 15 
crore kind of a saving on an annual basis with the…. 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
That still remains? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, that still remains. 

 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Rajesh Kumar Ravi 
And that obviously should come in at least from Q4 you should be seeing that even 
if things gets stabilized? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitesh Jain from Axis Capital.  
Nitesh Jain 
Sir, i have two questions. Number one, this the entire plan of Chandrababu Naidu 
government on the new capital region. So basically how do you see that demand 
scenario changing? You think that there will be like paradigm shift in the demand 
as such and the Andhra Pradesh can again be like 20% kind of CAGR? This is my 
number one question. And secondly, what is your expectation will the government 
orders will they bifurcate or differentiate between the cement companies based out 
of Andhra Pradesh and based out of Telangana in the sense they would prefer 
taking more cement from Andhra and not from Telangana or this is like totally ruled 
out? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
There is no regional differences per se so I am addressing the second one first. But 
see as RFPs are floated so there is no singling out for the plans based on the 
region. The first question about the new capital region. See we are very positive 
about the outlook what both the governments have given. One probably is talking 
of a new capital the other one talking of an aggressive low cost housing. Net-net 
what we expect is most of these plans would get fructify over a time sir, it is not that 
it is going to impact in a very short term but we have factored that in our overall 
outlook and we reasonably believe that AP and Telangana would positively 
contribute compared to the other states in the region where we expect certain slow 
down in anticipation for the possible elections both in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. 
Nitesh Jain 
And sir, one more thing which is like I was very curious about the funding of this 
new capital region. I am sure that you may not be the truly a correct person to ask 
but still I am trying that. If you have any idea about how the Chandrababu Naidu 
government is planning to fund this entire thing but it seems like the entire 
Singapore plan and everything like a huge CAPEX? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I am sure they have certain plans on ground. Unfortunately I cannot comment. But I 
am sure see when it is coming from responsible government I am sure they would 
have had their own plans for the way it get funded. See the only cautious tone that 
we internally decided to take is that see the time frames. See somebody wants to 
achieve it in certain time frame we assume that it would be longer. So based on 
that only we try to plan our overall kind of market strategy. So we believe the plans 
will come up but probably it would be on a longish tenure than on a very short term 
time frame. 
Nitesh Jain 
Because sir, looking at the central government support it looks like Rs. 1,500 crore 
or Rs. 2,000 crorewhat they have actually given? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
So I think that will be good enough only for the half of the roads or a quarter of the 
roads the overall. 
Nitesh Jain 
Sure, that is what it is. 
Sreekanth Reddy 
There must be some planning hovering around it. As I stated I am not aware about 
it but I am sure there must be some planning behind it. We hope all these things 
shape up back quickly as possible so that we go back to the old glory of AP and 
Formatted: Font: Not Bold

 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Telangana being the highest consuming states in the country. It was at one point of 
time so we hope to go back to that scenario. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Khurana from Laburnum 
Capital.  
Vaibhav Khurana 
Just two questions. One is a sort of follow up on regions and which regions you are 
going in to and if I gesterpose that reply was what you told me on rationality. So I 
am having a hard time here because on the one hand you are saying that you are 
being rational you do not want to sell for the sake of selling on the other hand you 
are saying you are willing to go in and strategically build the brand in regions even 
at suboptimal prices and to an extent you have to sell even at a Rs. 400 to Rs. 500 
EBITDA. So if you could give us some color around how you draw the line between 
what you think is legitimate and rational brand extensions versus simply putting out 
capacity because you are forced cover cost. And the second question I had is the 
pricing in the sense is out of your control because it depends on demand which is 
not in your control and depends on competitive behavior which is also not in your 
control. You have greater control over cost structure than you do on pricing. And if I 
look at the cost structure in the last few years obviously there has been an 
improvement recently because of coal but I was just curious how do you see the 
cost structure evolving do you expect it to be stable by just look at say cost per ton 
should we expect them to be stable should we expect them to go up is there 
anything you could do to bring cost down? If you could just give us some sense 
how you look at cost because overall cost have been kind of flat for the last three 
years at Rs. 3,300 to Rs. 3,400 per ton I am wondering whether it would be 
sensible for us to extrapolate that in to the next couple of years? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Let me address the second one first which is easy because when you look at the 
costs; costs are of two types. One, which has huge inflation impact on it and the 
other is where we perceive that we have some control. But honestly 70% of the 
cost it is way beyond any company’s control primarily because we are sourcing 
energy which has its own price control. If somebody has a captive power plant but 
still they may have to buy the coal from outside. And freight of course there is 
nothing much that company can comment on except for freight optimization. 
Coming back to the cost control what we have been doing we are only trying to get 
in to some investment mode and trying to optimize primarily with how much energy 
have to be consumed both electrical and coal per ton of cement or per ton of 
clinker. I think there we are there. I mean it is a continuous affair we more or less 
putting effort and in fact for last three years there is an investment consciously that 
we have done primarily on electrical power we had ball mills (56:40) now we added 
a pre grinder to the cement mill which is due for commissioning probably in a 
week’s time it would get fully functional. With that we hope to reduce the electrical 
consumption that has to happen on that. 
Coal yes, we are there but again it is a continuous process as I stated. We are 
going through lot of CMD modeling and all we are hoping to save something but 
net-net we only have 30% of the overall cost under the management control for 
which we strive very hard to manage it and we are working towards that. 
Going back to the outlook for the next three years it is very difficult but for the 
current financial year we hope that more or less the costs are in control. We do not 
expect a big shift in cost for the current financial year. After which we again have to 
look at how the coal and freight movement is happening or the diesel prices or the 
fuel prices the way they move would had their own influence. 
Formatted: Not Highlight

 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Coming to the freight we are again shifting from currently a more or less 100% from 
road to the rail. Now once the rail comes in to some play unfortunately the rail 
freight has been shooting up year-on-year and quite significantly there also I 
cannot comment because you are only seeing the rail freight going year-on-year. 
The kind of cost control that we are trying to put effort I am that is the case with 
most of the sectorial players so we are no different. How much it could contribute 
we have to yet noticed that there is a Rs. 60 to Rs. 70 per ton reductions that have 
happened in areas where we had control. We hope that another Rs. 30 could 
probably come down where we have control. The rest everything the overall 
outlook for the cost we assume that for the current financial year would remain 
more or less similar to how it has been for last year. But for this Rs. 30. 
Now going back to the overall kind of market mix we do not do what sales or we do 
not do put an asset for a very short term perspective. There are some markets 
which are very strategic for us which have been very high unfortunately currently 
on a relational basis they turned out to be lower. I cannot withdraw from those 
markets just because their margin contribution is lower because then it becomes 
very opportunistic. I cannot sustain my sales network there if I am on and off. It is 
more about the reliability and the trust that has to be built for the overall sales 
network. Like Maharashtra was though the price there has not been a shift but 
when the prices were very low in South our volumes in to Maharashtra actually 
saved to certain extent where they were contributed. So I cannot withdraw those 
markets just because some other markets are been more lucrative. So we take a 
balance view pertaining to those. Fortunately there are margins there it is not that 
we are losing money there is an EBITDA contribution. So that is how we sustain 
the market. Our footprints have been carved out based on those elements also. 
 
Now when we looked at BMM when we took BMM over or taken the decision for 
that we know for user that some amount of markets have to be shifted from Sagar 
to BMM but that does not mean that we people producing less for selling less from 
Sagar. So some optimized volumes if you are suppose to go to those places have 
to be shifted to the other markets though on a relative scale they might be 
contributing less on a per tonne basis but at a consolidated level between BMM 
and Sagar I do not think we are compromising. I think these are the issues which 
one has to consider when certain markets that we have to service on a relative 
basis the margins could be lower but still we have to service. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of J. Radhahkrishnan from IIFL. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
Sir, just trying to understand again on demand sorry that again I am coming on 
demand. Sir, this AP and Telangana has floated request for Cement. Is there 
anything specific that from what point of time they will buy is that for this year or it is 
an open contract type? And it looks like after this floating of request also the 
demand expectation is not improving. Is this just an aggregation of what they buy 
on a short term basis or this is something above that what they normally buy 
through short term contracts? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
The RFP has come after a very long time or after almost 2.5 to 3 years of these 
volumes were missing. So RFP was very generic it is not a contract it was very 
generic. Like for Telangana for example they were trying to look at for the housing. 
For Andhra Pradesh it was very generic from Panchayat Raj to irrigation 
department to the housing. The RFP was meant for the current financial year. AP 
government was looking at close to 2 million tons. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
And Telangana how much sir? 

 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Telangana was close to a million ton. But in our internal assessment what we only 
factored is that only a small fraction of those things would come to reality because 
they floated these things very late if they were targeting it for the current financial 
year. So we assume around 0.5 million to from each of the state to get in to the 
current financial year. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
Okay, so this is not going to really move the needed for the current year even 
though it is for? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
It is sir, every KG, every gram of it is moving the needle so this is not a bad thing 
which was missing so this is an incremental kind of to the demand. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
What is the AP plus Telangana demand for FY15 somewhere around? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
15 million tons. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
So 15 million ton and even if you are adding some one or two million tons. Whether 
the existing housing is not growing now at least because the negative sentiments 
what they are there previously that may not be continuing now. So housing may be 
at least reviving and whether it will overall boost the demand growth against the flat 
expectation? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See we are in transition so we do hope when you talk of housing you are talking of 
the general IHB, right you are not talking about of the apartment size. Yes, I think 
continues to grow or continues to sustain what it has been so far. Yes, that is the 
only reason why it still we are servicing that 15 million because there has not been 
a big shift in the first quarter also more or less trend lines look at this year also we 
expect both combined stated to be close to that number if not higher. So that only 
points that that demand which is from the IHB continues to remain where it is. This 
year expecting it to be incremental. That is the reason why we are telling there is a 
positive bias but overall if I have to arithmetically we add up all the markets 
footprint areas for us we expect it to be flat. But these two states we expect it to be 
slightly positive by how much again I would be cautious I will be probably wait for 
this current quarter to be over before we can see how much it would be positive. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
Sir, then if not this year at least can we expect that next year AP government and 
Telangana government may take entire quantity? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, we are positively hoping that they would definitely take as much as they have 
indicated reasonably close to that number in the next financial year. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
And one more question sir. In fact yesterday in another company’s concall they 
were telling about NOX and SOX compliance what the industry has to do. Is there 
any deadline for that and any ball park investment required for our company? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I would not comment on NOX, SOX alone, there is something called by FY17 
we were supposed to upgrade for below 25 Ng per NNQ emission standard (1:05) 
kind of a discharge. So for that we have been preparing over last year; year-and-
half. Part of our CAPEX outlook was clearly indicated to both BMM and Sagar. 
Yes, we did factor an investment towards upgrading the pollution control equipment 
so that is already factored in our overall CAPEX planning. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
How much that could roughly Rs. 5 crore, Rs. 10 crore types or it would be much 
better than that? 
Formatted: Not Highlight

 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, I think for Sagar we are expecting it to be below Rs. 2 crore and for BMM we 
are expecting it to be below Rs. 1 crore. 
J.Radhahkrishnan 
Is there any recurring expenditure also on this or it is just a one-time investment? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See there are two parts to it. The bagd quality needs to be changed in to bagd 
filters but that is part of the regular OPEX so I would not try to see this type of bagd 
needs to be changed so that we would adhere to the newer norms. Yes that is 
slightly more expensive than what it is right now. But in reality I think that the 
upgradation is more in company’s interest rather than environment alone. Like if 
you upgrade your better bags for coal bag filter anyhow you are sustaining the fine 
grade coal for yourself. 
J. Radhahkrishnan 
So roughly if I am taking based on your capacity then it is somewhere around Rs. 1 
crore per million tons? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
It can but there is no thumb rule what we have to please remember is that is the 
current equipment what we have is reasonably new we have been investing 
continually on each and every equipment. So that is very specific to us. There are 
some people probably who have build the plant recently for them it amounts to 
nothing. There are some people who are still in very old pollution control equipment 
it could be much higher. So it is very specific to each of the company. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Vineet Verma from Nomura.  
Vineet Verma 
I just want to get some sense I mean with the commissioning of the railway line do 
we see some benefit on the inbound logistics as well in the transportation of coal or 
gypsum or the flier? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
, Our outlook is primarily based on only on input materials because the output is 
very subjective. So outward movement we have not really factored much but only 
the inward we have factoring close to Rs. 1 crore per month kind of a saving. 
Vineet Verma 
So what proportion of your coal will be now coming through the rail I mean once it 
gets commissioned? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, I think we expect at least 60% to 70% of the coal to come only by train as and 
when the railway line is fully commissioned. 
Moderator 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Reddy for his closing comments. 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Thank you once again for joining on our conference call. We would be more than 
happy to address if you have any further queries. The contact numbers and the 
connect details are given at the back of the invitee. So we would be more than 
happy between us and CDR we will be more than happy to address any further 
queries that you might have. Thank you again for joining us. Thank you. 
 
