
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“IntraSoft Technologies Limited Q1 FY-16 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARVIND KAJARIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
INTRASOFT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR JHA – SENIOR MANAGER - FINANCE, 
INTRASOFT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  
SGA - INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS  

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to IntraSoft Technologies Limited Q1 FY-16 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward looking statements about 
the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a remainder all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*”then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arvind Kajaria – Managing Director 
of IntraSoft Technologies, thank you and over to you, sir.  
Arvind Kajaria: 
Thank you. Dear all, I welcome everyone to the Q1 FY-16 Earnings Call for our company 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited. And I am joined by my college Mr. Mohit Kumar Jha – 
Senior Manager of Finance, and our Investor Relations Advisors SGA. We have uploaded on 
the website the business update presentation, press release and a document on FAQ. I trust all 
of you have received it and would have got a chance to go through it.  
 
I shall begin by giving everyone a brief on our company. IntraSoft Technologies Limited owns 
and operates 123stores.com and online E-Commerce retail business and 123greetings.com, an 
online greeting cards business. 123stores is a multi-channel E-commerce retailer with a strong 
technology backbone that combines supply chain logistics with real time customer data to 
create a compelling shopping experience. The company’s ranked number 392 on the internet 
retailers 2015, top 500 list and is ranked 1641 in the Inc. 5,000 list of the fastest growing 
private companies in the U.S. 123greetings.com is the world’s leading online destination for 
human expressions reaching 95 million visitors annually. It is offering over 42,000 e-cards 
across multiple languages, covers a mix of 3,000 seasonal and everyday categories.  
Last week we raised 28 crores for E-Commerce business. We sold 5.50 lakh shares at Rs. 510 
per share. These shares were held by Intrasoft Beneficiary Trust, whose sole beneficiary of 
these shares is IntraSoft Technologies Limited. This trust was set up in 2007 pursuant to the 
Scheme of Amalgamation approved by the Bombay High Court and the Calcutta High Court, 
to hold the shares on behalf of the Company. The money raised would help us expand our E-
Commerce business as we head into the holiday season in U.S. and would open-up better 
opportunities for the Company.  
I shall now begin with a brief on our financial performance. For Q1 FY-16 we reported a 
consolidated income of 118 crores, up 97% year-on-year. Profit after-tax was recorded at Rs. 
1.22 cr., up 47% year-on-year.  
I shall now talk about our E-Commerce business. E-Commerce revenue increased 110% year-
on-year to 113.36 crores. This growth was across all product categories with furniture, Patio, 
lawn and garden being the largest category. The company added 37 suppliers during the 

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
quarter. Our top six categories were furniture, Patio, lawn and garden with 36% share. Musical 
Instruments and gadgets with 17% share. Home improvement and arts crafts with 16% share. 
Kitchen, Dining and appliances with 13% and toys, sports, outdoor with 7 % share and games 
and baby with 5% share.  
The number of orders we shipped grew from 116081 orders last year to 293894 orders, a 
growth of 153%. Our proprietary technology platform allows us to scale order volumes with 
minimal human intervention, enabling cost savings as we grow volumes. As we leverage our 
technology and efficient supply chain, we were able to offer our customers a better shopping 
experience, including a better price point. Accordingly, we were able to sell many newer, 
lower priced products during the year, resulting in a lower average order valued at Rs. 3,857 
but much higher number of orders being shipped. As we add new suppliers and expanded our 
product portfolio, there is slight increase in the cost of goods sold and as a result the COGS as 
a percentage of sales increase from 65.2% to 66.4%. As on June 30th, 2015, inventory at our 
warehouses was Rs. 17.71 crores.  
I shall now give you a brief on our E-greetings business. 123greetings continued to see 
increased mobile usage year-on-year. The number of cards sent from the device doubled to 
3.70 lakhs in Q1 FY-16. Mobile application downloads reach 6.88 lakhs as on June 30th, 2015. 
The revenue in E-greetings business for Q1 FY-16 was 4.37 crores. With this, I leave the floor 
open for any Q&A. Thank you very much for your patience.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. We 
have the first question from the line of Rajiv Sharma from HSBC. Please go ahead.  
Rajiv Sharma: 
This is Rajiv Sharma from HSBC. Just a couple of questions from my side, Arvind. First is just 
trying to understand that one hand your E-Commerce thing is growing at triple-digit and you 
are very much relevant to Amazon in U.S. So what has happened? What is happening over the 
last six months, one year which is driving this? What sort of pattern? And second, while we are 
seeing a lot of growth in the Indian E-Commerce space you are still not a part of it. So is it at a 
very mature level your role comes into play or are the players already doing everything by 
themselves and the scope is less here. And that is it from my side.  
Arvind Kajaria: 
On your first question we have been doing this business for the last six years and I think the 
whole traction as far as the technology integration has come about in the last one year or so 
which is where you see the scalability. So earlier we were experimenting with a lot, there was 
very steep learning curve and as that plateau and we understood exactly where we need to 
make a mark where is our USP, where is the advantages and as those crept into day-to-day 
operations. As the modules in the software’s were built and it delighted the customer with the 
fastest delivery at the cheapest price. I think the scalability was seen and reflected in the 
numbers. My sense on that is that any E-Commerce business for it to survive and thrive the 
number of orders being delivered seamlessly must continue to go on. And as it goes on it is 
signal that your backend processes are in place, your team is in place, your technology works, 

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
your pricing works. So I believe that, that is where our focus is. We want to continue to deliver 
more and more packages on an everyday basis. Take advantage of the fact that we are able to 
sell our products across multiple platforms, multiple marketplaces and as we increase that our 
number of sales and orders would continue to grow there. I think that is the answer to the first 
one. On the second part, our model is more suited to a matured E-Commerce market where the 
marketplaces themselves has evolved. Our model may not be very suited to the Indian market 
as of right now when all these modules and customer experiences are being discovered. The 
infrastructure for E-Commerce is being created by the local players. I think once all that is out 
of the way a third-party seller like us comes into being We thrive and we excel when 
everything is at a very efficient level which in the U.S. markets is already achieved which is 
where we want to focus, which is why we are focusing there because we know that, if an order 
comes we are able to deliver that technologically. India still has to reach maybe it will take 
couple of years for the big boys to kind of set that into motion. And once we do that we are 
quite open to addressing the Indian market as well. But for the time being our focus remains 
the U.S. because we feel there is a huge growth and as we sign on more and more products we 
hope that our sales traction then only increase. I trust that answers your question, Mr. Sharma.  
Rajiv Sharma: 
I wanted to understand, who is your competition in U.S? When you are dealing with Amazon 
and in other markets, who you really compete with? And second is what is the kind of co-
relation in your profitability and scalability with the Amazon revenues and growth?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
So there are a number of sellers that are available. I believe there are over a 1 million sellers on 
the Amazon marketplace itself but what we are differentiated is that we are able to sell at 
multiple marketplaces at the same time which obviously requires technology management 
which I think the other third-party sellers are not really looking to do or geared-up to do. So 
my sense is that there must be at least a 100 or so people which are trying to replicate in a 
similar model to us. There is listed company in the NASDAQ which is kind of doing a very 
similar or close to model than us and they have seen great traction over the last two years. So 
what multiple marketplaces allows us to do is basically get access to the U.S. online shopper. 
So as habit you may shop at marketplace a and not go to b, c at all. So we cover the largest 
spectrum of the marketplaces our accessibility to those people keep on increasing by virtue of 
the fact that they are all shopping at these marketplaces. Your second question I am sorry, I 
forgot that. You will have to repeat that, I am so sorry.  
Rajiv Sharma: 
No, worries. So it is what is the kind of co-relation you have with the Amazon scalability and 
revenues? So is it one-on-one or…  
Arvind Kajaria: 
So we in particular have no relationship with Amazon as far as margins are concerned. Margin 
is a very internal looking thing. As we scale our revenues as with any other business your 
G&A should fall, your fixed expenses should fall. And that is where the profitability would 
come from. So at a point we believe that, that point has not yet come through as I have said in 
many of my calls and many of my communications. That is because the market momentum is 

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
with us right now and we need to scale-up much more. So while you see profits at a gross 
profit level at a transactional level we always make a profit. But then we have reinvest that 
money back into infrastructure, people and a little bit in inventory to make sure that growth 
momentum continues.  
Rajiv Sharma: 
So your pricing is basically variable, there is no fix fee element to it or it is or it is like that up 
to 100 orders or shipments you will have ex-component which is not one-on-one and then it 
scales up on a variable kind of pricing or it is all variable only?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
No, on the sales side we are dependent on the marketplace and we are competing with 100 of 
others to make sure that we are the absolute bottom. And that pricing it economics from the 
fact that we are able to negotiate based on volumes, right with our vendor. So higher the 
volume the better the discount the vendor is able to offer you which is where our model which 
is the multi market model comes into play because our sales accessibility increases with the 
addition of every marketplace. And you get larger volumes we are able to secure a better 
pricing not only with the vendor but also with the logistics company which as we all know 
follow a volume based discounting system. So a combination of this which forms a bulk of our 
left side which is the cost gives us a competitive edge when we go and price our product in the 
marketplaces.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav from iWealth Management. Please 
go ahead.  
Vaibhav Hatkar: 
Just wondering about your margins here. It have gone from 1.1% to 1.2% to 0.17% and further 
on in the call that you said that it will be growing more and more in the volume wise. So I was 
just wondering if you will be keeping up this going ahead. You have raised a QIP of 20 crores 
so, going ahead for increasing more volumes, do not you think that there are further round of 
QIPs?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
So I think your first question was on margin, I will first try to address that and then get on to 
the second question. So margin is a function of growth. It is not that we are not making money. 
We are making money we are very profitable at the transaction level. But once we get that cash 
flow it is our choice to either redistribute it as profits or reinvest that money to growth. As I 
have said repeatedly, right now the momentum is there. The vendors are recognizing our role 
as a third-party seller. They are wanting to sign-up with us because it removes the headache 
and the pains of what we call DIY which is Do It Yourself. And the moment they tie with us 
we take care of online nuances leaving them completely focused on product development 
something which we are not only good at we are also passionate about. So we continue to find 
those vendors the option there being that if we go slow and show profits those vendors might 
sign on with other people. And if our momentum slows down in which case while we may 
make sure profits on a current basis on a higher level but eventually our growth and our 
profitability will be compromised. So we see that as a negative we want to continue to grow at 
least till the market opportunity exists.  

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Vaibhav Hatkar: 
And then the basic premise will be how much further scalability do you see in this?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
So the market is very large. We have not even touched many many vendors. We have not 
touched many many products. So as we are more technology oriented, we do not need to have 
a domain expertise on sporting goods or kitchen goods or kitchenware we leave that aspect to 
the vendors. All we are concerned is that we able to list on the various marketplaces and sell it 
at a price that is most competitive. So we could continuously add more and more products as 
we go on and which is exactly what we are doing. So the growth that you see is coming from a 
better understanding, a better integration with vendors on part-I and part-II experimenting with 
the new wave of products that our category managers get us into the system every quarter.  
Vaibhav Hatkar: 
And then what will be your fixed cost in it?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
What will be our fixed cost?  
Vaibhav Hatkar: 
Yes.  
Arvind Kajaria: 
So fixed cost is basically stuff like rent, electricity of course at certain level salary is also fixed 
so these would be our fixed cost. We do not on an operational front we have very little 
requirement for any fix cost. But yes, to develop our team especially in the U.S. where we 
need to add-on more and more people to handle the kind of growth we are getting. I think that 
is where the investments would need to take place as we move on.  
Vaibhav Hatkar: 
And sir, going further ahead if I see that your order shift are 2.9 lakh.  
Arvind Kajaria: 
Correct.  
Vaibhav Hatkar: 
So are you targeting like I say 3.5 lakhs, 4 lakhs within a year or a 4.5 lakhs within a year. So 
what are target in order achievements? As you have said rightly that volumes will be your 
main concern there?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
So we would not like to limit ourselves to 3.5 lakhs - 4 lakhs. Our job here is to keep on 
making sure that we have an efficient distribution system. What I mean by that is that so long 
our customer ratings are high which it is right now and we continue to evolve into shipping 
more and more orders. I think the market is large enough to support not only the figure that 
you mentioned but much more on that. The key is to keep on delivering the packages 
efficiently and so long as we are doing that the users would keep on coming back to us and you 
should see the volumes. The key is uninterrupted supply chain management where is where I 
think our entire focus is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Agarwal from Technochem 
Consultant. Please go ahead.  

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Ashok Agarwal: 
Mr. Arvind, I am Ashok Agarwal from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. I have talked to you earlier 
also. Our business is successful and specifically it was Shop ‘n’ Shop format. And my 
impression is that almost 90% of the revenue comes from marketplaces and maybe about 10% 
maybe coming from our own website. So my question is what measures does the company take 
to develop 123stores as a brand actually? Because most of the shoppers may not be even 
knowing they are shopping at Amazon but they maybe not be knowing that the product 
eventually coming through 123stores. In the long run I think you may also be trying to develop 
the brand in any of the 123stores. What are your efforts and approach to that?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
Yes, I understand your question Mr. Agarwal. I will try my best to answer it. So E-Commerce 
is more to do with size than anything else and I think the brand that we build is a brand that is 
capable of fulfilling and selling at the same time. So if we build a brand that is very inward 
looking and promotes only sales of 123stores, we would to lose millions of dollars in sales and 
lose the accessibility to the various marketplaces and also lose the economic benefit of 
volumes that we have managed to sustain, grow, and develop over the last 10 quarters or 12 
quarters. So I think the real essence of any E-Commerce business is to achieve the economies 
of scale thereby allowing you to become the most efficient purchaser of the products. So 
naturally it is a volume based game. So if you purchase 1,000 sets of let’s say a kitchen cabinet 
and if you are purchasing 5,000 then actually your purchase cost would go down because the 
vendor is more likely to give you a discount. So where we are focus on 123stores as well 
which means we do not want to create a brand that is inward looking like some of the others 
have done. What they do is they have to spend millions of dollars on customer acquisition and 
oppose to that our model is that we take advantage of the ecosystem that these marketplaces 
provide and use the economies of scale to sell from our website as well. So what I am saying is 
that we are never going to stop selling at the marketplaces and we are not going to stop selling 
through a 123store. We are going to simply treat 123stores as yet another platform and keep on 
expanding our sales distribution network. I hope that make some sense.  
Ashok Agarwal: 
Is it that 123stores also would come up with any mobile app because that facilities greater 
traffic? 
Arvind Kajaria: 
Yes. As I have repeatedly said mobile is a very important device now in terms of purchasing 
from E-Commerce. We will work on an app in the near future. However, that traction will take 
some time because we are not over duly focused on that right now because the sales would be 
increasing marginally. Right now the need of hour is to expand more and more marketplaces. 
In fact one marketplace you just very deeply integrated in the final stages and we should be 
able to launch it in the next 15 days to 30 days. So the moment we do that our sales increase, 
cost decreases leaving us more and more focused to add more products.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Sharma from HSBC. Please go ahead.  
Rajiv Sharma: 
Sir, there is one additional question so I mean meeting some of the E-Commerce logistics 
company the pier ones and they seem to be doing the same thing facilitating vendors in 

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
managing their sales and listing on various marketplaces in India. Now I understand that you 
are not started with India. But what I am trying to get understand is that will you look at 
getting into logistics or does it make sense for you to have a similar model like this pure play 
logistics company and do the same thing what you are doing for Amazon in US or you think 
you can stick to this model and still get there when the maturity is there in the India market?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
If I have understood your question correctly, I do not believe we are looking to get into 
logistics right now. What our endeavor is to create a global sales and fulfillment brand. So our 
belief is that there are hundreds and thousands of vendors over there who do not have expertise 
to go online and effect sales while they realize the importance of things going online and they 
would miss out on a sales channel if they are not able to sales online. So we want to make sure 
that we are the agent. We are the people that they go through and our belief is that there are ‘n’ 
number of products and endless number of products that we can continuously add to our roster 
and there are multiple marketplaces that we have still not integrated with and the opportunity 
as far as we are concerned is large enough not to focus on anything else for the time being. Let 
me tell you that, US is a far-far larger market than India at the time being and all our systems 
already go. So if we have to show profitability and become at a net profit level then it make 
sense to have a leadership role at that stage and once we believe that India is matured and yet 
to be seen what kind of model will be successful in India. We do not know that we do not 
know whether it is marketplace model or the third-party seller or the logistics model. So we are 
not wanting to have discover that market for the time being. We are happy scaling in the US 
and rewarding our shareholders and seeing that once we had seeing that once we stay in that 
position and we feel there is an opportunity and there is an ROI on that investment that we 
would have to newly make in India of course we will be very happy to address that at that 
time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sweta Seth from Stewart & Mackertich. 
Please go ahead.  
Sweta Seth: 
Sir, just two questions. I wanted to know some more use of your proceeds from this QIP you 
have done. I understand it would be use for your expansion. Could you throw some more light 
on that? 
Arvind Kajaria: 
Yes, so as we attain higher volumes we would need to improve our management bandwidth. 
We would need to improve and hire much more people because we have to reach out to far 
more vendors and have much more liaison with the marketplaces and also we would need to 
investment a portion of that into inventory for the holiday season. A bulk of that money is 
going to be used for these three purposes.  
Sweta Seth: 
Okay. And is it I mean on the HR thing you were talking about in US as in the office you were 
planning to open?  

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Arvind Kajaria: 
Right. So the management team would be expanded in the US as well as in India. As we grow 
onto larger things like data security, data analytics, data intelligence so, all of these would 
come into play and we would need to put in teams that can handle all of this moving forward.  
Sweta Seth: 
Okay, sure, sir. Sir, second question would be currently all your vendors would be US based, 
right?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
Correct.  
Sweta Seth: 
Are you planning to tie-up with some other vendors other than US region?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
Yes, we have tied-up and are planning to tie-up with people from other regions. The only 
difference being that the brand has to be register in the US you could be located wherever but 
we will not deal with you because if you are not registered as a US brand because we do not 
take product liability on heads. So for example, if you are from India and you want to sell in 
the US and you want to use our services and if you want to deal with us then you first have to 
register your brand. If you do that then we will be happy to kind of locate you. But we have 
dealt with a few European brands and we are happy to report that it is met with a large amount 
of success.  
Sweta Seth: 
Okay. So I mean what would be the effect of that on your cost of goods sold, would it come 
down as a percentage?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
So cost of goods sold has got very little to do with which region the product is coming from. It 
is more function of what is the sale price we able to get and what is the cost of management 
and other infrastructure cost that we are able to amortize over a larger sales value. So again if 
you want to see an increase in margins then you have to have a much larger sales growth to do 
that and that is exactly where our focus is, is to very efficiently in a cost effective manner, 
without kind of losing money which is what we have registered from the first day is to grow 
the business. And if you do that then there is much free cash flow available which we can look 
at a combination of using for growth and declaring profits. 
Sweta Seth: 
Okay. Sir how much percentage of your sale would be through your drop ship model currently 
in Q1?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
I do not have that exact number in front of me. But the last time we reported it and put it on 
our website it is about 74%. 
Sweta Seth: 
Okay. And going forward sir do you think to reduce going forward and going to warehouse 
model so that your COGS can improve? 
Arvind Kajaria: 
Again we are focused on selling at a profit. So whether the sales comes through drop ship we 
are not going to say no. sales comes through a warehouse we are not going to say no. But 

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
generally I would like to inform that the percentage of margins tend to be much higher from 
the warehouse because of economic reasons such as bulk purchases. So yes, it is part of the 
money that we have raised. It is going to be used for making bulk purchases and yes, 
theoretically that should result in a lower cost of goods sold.  
Sweta Seth: 
That is exactly my question was, so as in do you see a major percentage here and there in your 
cost of goods sold. So that margins could be improved a little bit going forward? Since you 
have raised such amount… 
Arvind Kajaria: 
I will have to take a step back and answer that question. While I think you are absolutely right, 
the margins will increase. Hopefully increase at a gross profit level again to repeat myself we 
are going to use the cash flow to again hire more people and kind of increase the salability 
metrics for the next quarter. So I see a lot of growth and it would not be wised right now from 
a financial perspective to kind of stem that growth by fearing to invest that money into growth.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nisha Shah who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Nisha Shah: 
Sir, we know your product categories, can you just share a few top product that are selling 
currently?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
In terms of categories or exact products?  
Nisha Shah: 
Products.  
Arvind Kajaria: 
So these seasonal products which keep on changing. Over the winter we saw some success 
with a product call Ice Pellets which is basically use to throw on the snow and it helps melt the 
snow in a non-toxic format which is very safe for pets around the house. So we saw a lot of 
traction on that. We also are seeing a lot of traction on some photographic drones that we are 
selling right now. It seems to be a quite a rave in the US right now. On an ongoing basis, we 
sell multitude of products including pressure cookers which sees a lot traction it is company 
that we have been dealing with about two and half years now. We also have a lot of things in 
furniture, fire places, kitchen equipments, so, actually the list goes on and on. If you would like 
a better idea of what is selling currently then please do visit our website 123stores.com and on 
the front page you can see almost all the products that are currently having a lot of attraction.  
Nisha Shah: 
Sure, sir. Sure, definitely. Sir do you recently raised 28 crores so what kind of revenue 
potential do you expect from these?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
The market is right now growing at a very fast pace for a model like us because there are still 
so many thousands of vendors that have not gone online or not having a strong strategy to go 
online. So I think as you reach out to more and more on these people located across the US I 
think our model would see attraction hopefully very similar to the one that we have been able 

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
to achieve in the last four quarters or five quarters. And also as the technology builds the 
bridges between the marketplaces we are more and more deeply integrated. I think the 
attraction would continue to be seen. I do not want to give a number but I think hopefully we 
should see the same kind of traction that we have been seen in the last three quarters or four 
quarters.  
Nisha Shah: 
Okay. Sir, can you just throw some light on your greeting business, I mean what plans do you 
have with regarding to that business?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
Greeting continues to grow of course it faces a lot of challenges from newer products, the 
messaging systems and stuff like the apps of different company. But I think what we have 
done very well is rather than compete with them we have tried to use the ecosystem. So what 
we are now doing is we are able to successfully distribute our content and allow you to use 
whatever app or device that you are comfortable with. So I am very bullish about that business. 
We would like to see that grow, it may not grow as fast as a store’s E-Commerce business, but 
we hopefully think that as we add more and more devices and more and more applications onto 
where this greeting card can be viewed on. For example, if you have a Group on a particular 
application. Now you can actually send 123greeting cards to the whole group in one card. So 
you can post that one card and that everybody in your group would get that link and if they 
press they would come back to 123greetings.com. To sum it up, yes, there is a lot of 
competition but if we keep on involving onto whatever new platforms will come then I think 
that growth will come. And also we are very focused on 123invitations which uses very similar 
content to 123greetings and that should also give us some revenue on growth as we move 
along.  
Nisha Shah: 
Sure, sir. And sir, how many vendors do you see foresee yourself adding in this current year, I 
mean in FY-16? 
Arvind Kajaria: 
Our vendor acquisition team is very active and it is a team of about 20 people that is 
continually soliciting new business. We hopefully we would like to add something like 30 
vendors to 40 vendors every month for the current year.  
Nisha Shah: 
Okay, sir. And sir, do you see how is it maintaining this kind of growth going ahead?  
Arvind Kajaria: 
I have explained that, the market is very much there. So if you are able to scale our 
management bandwidth invest enough in development of HR resources and have enough 
money to invest in the inventory so that we can participate in promotions with the 
marketplaces. Yes, I think the growth momentum can very easily succeed and keep up with 
what we have been doing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments.  

 
IntraSoft Technologies Limited 
July 27, 2015 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Arvind Kajaria: 
Thank you all for attending. I hope I have been able to answer most of your queries. In case 
you have further questions, please contact us directly or SGA which is our Investor Relation 
Advisor. Again thank you for your support and thank you for your time. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Mr. Kajaria. Ladies and gentleman, on behalf of IntraSoft Technologies 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines.  
