
 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q1 FY2016 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 12, 2015 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the results conference call 
for Godrej Industries Limited. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in 
the listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on 
Godrej Industries Q1 FY 2016 earnings conference call. We have with us 
Mr. Adi Godrej – Chairman of Godrej Industries, Mr. Nadir Godrej – 
Managing Director, Ms. Tanya Dubash – Executive Director and Chief 
Brand Officer, Mr. Balram Singh Yadav – Managing Director of Godrej 
Agrovet, Mr. Nitin Nabar, Executive Director and President (Chemicals), Mr. 
P. Ganesh – CFO and Company Secretary, Mr. Clement Pinto – Vice 
President (Finance) and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat – CFO of Godrej 
Properties Limited.. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question and 
answer session. Before we start I would like to point out that some 
statements made in this call may be forward-looking and a disclaimer to this 
effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you 
earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make the initial remarks. 

Page 2 of 14 
Adi Godrej 
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you to the Godrej Industries 
conference call to discuss the operating and financial performance for the 
first quarter ended June 30th, 2015. I shall take you through some of the key 
developments and operational highlights of each of our businesses followed 
by a summary of our financial results for the quarter. 
I am pleased to share with you that our overall performance for the quarter 
has witnessed a healthy growth in profits with consolidated net profit 
growing by 21%. Despite volatile market conditions, Godrej Agrovet had a 
steady quarter. Our agri input business performed strongly and has 
delivered a growth of 17% over the corresponding period of the previous 
year. Volume growth in the feed business was flat for the quarter on the 
back of poor and volatile end product prices. We are focusing on launching 
new products in new categories to overcome the current challenging 
operating environment. In the Oil Palm business vertical we were focused 
on developing additional revenue stream by enhancing the value of 
biomass generated. 
Our joint-venture in Bangladesh - ACI Godrej has shown a robust sales 
growth of 32% and this is driven by strong volume growth across categories 
of Poultry Feed, Cattle Feed and Aqua Feed. Our new plant in Bangladesh 
is ready for trial run. This will help us further augment our position in the 
market. 
Godrej Tyson continues to focus on building brand based business and 
strengthening our Real Good Chicken and Yummiez brands. In Q1 FY 
2015-2016 the business sales grew by 19% over the corresponding quarter 
of the previous year. Our emerging business in the agri space – “seeds” 
has shown a strong growth of 56% over the corresponding quarter of the 
previous year. We are planning to launch our own hybrids in corn and pearl 
millets during the next season. 
 
With an  agile team, focus on continuously improving our operational 
efficiency and research and development in agri businesses, I am confident 
that Godrej Agrovet across verticals will continue to do well and add value 
through the years to come. 

Page 3 of 14 
 
Moving on to the performance of Godrej Consumer Products I am happy to 
share that we had an encouraging start to financial year 2015-2016 and 
have delivered a 53% growth in net profits without exceptional and one-offs 
as compared to the corresponding quarter of the previous year. We 
continue to strengthen our leadership position across our core categories. 
In the first quarter our India branded net sales grew by 13%. This was 
driven by a healthy volume growth of 13%. Our international business in 
organic constant currency terms also grew by 13% despite the macro 
challenges and slowdown in a few of our larger markets. Our consolidated 
EBITDA in organic constant currency terms grew by 32%. I am confident 
that with our clear strategic focus, differentiated product portfolio, superior 
execution and top-notch scheme we will continue to deliver industry leading 
results and that our medium and long-term growth prospects in India and 
our other emerging markets would remain robust. 
 
Godrej Properties started the year on a strong note by registering the 
highest ever value of booking in a single quarter with total booking value of 
Rs.1,251 crore and total booking volume of 1.3 million square feet. Net 
profit after minority interest in Q1 FY16 increased by 21% over Q1 FY15. 
During the quarter, GPL added two new projects with 1.75 million square 
feet of saleable area. The government’s thrust on smart cities; housing for 
all and an urban renewal are all expected to give a boost to urbanization 
and the growth of the real estate sector. The new grant plans for REITs the 
easing away of FDI investment norms in this sector and tax incentives for 
homebuyers all signaled the intent of the government to support growth in 
this sector. We must leverage this trend and continue our focus on driving 
strong growth. 
 
Our Chemicals business has had a strong start to the year with PBIT for the 
quarter growing by 63% as compared to the corresponding quarter of the 
previous year. I am also happy to share that during the quarter our Valia 
factory received the ICC award for Excellence in Energy Conservation and 
Management. Such initiatives are part of our good and green vision of 
creating more inclusive and greener India. 

Page 4 of 14 
 
Let me now briefly run through our financial highlights. During the quarter 
consolidated total income stood at Rs.2,565 crore, a growth of 7% as 
compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. Consolidated 
net profit stood at Rs.94 crore and grew by 21% during the quarter as 
compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. 
 
To conclude we have had a good beginning to the fiscal year. With the 
improving macroeconomic environment we are encouraged and confident 
of achieving our long-term objectives of inclusive, sustainable, and 
profitable growth. I am confident that our disciplined strategy, prudent 
approach, focus on agile execution and our committed team will enable us 
to improve performance further and create greater shareholder value. 
 
We will now be happy to answer your questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Manish 
Gandhi who is an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
I have two questions basically, one on Agrovet. Hi Balram, congrats for 
steady business performance even when it seems to be very difficult 
situation. So I would just love to know your view not only about this 
monsoon and its effect on our agri business. And also  overall in the last 
five years, we have had an unprecedented price rise in agri commodities 
and due to UPA2’s MG-NREGA and  you can say, rural focus, there has 
been a rise in the income of farmers and rural people, and  the probability 
of all these things are less for the next five years. So is this going to affect 
our business or overall agri business per say that is the first question. 
Nadir Godrej 
I would like to make a comment first. I think the price rise in agricultural 
commodities was a global phenomenon and it was part of commodity boom 
and had nothing to do with India per se, though many people thought it was 
local Indian factors but it was a global factor that drove agricultural prices. 
In fact, all commodity prices is high mostly due to Chinese demand. Now in 
the collapse of the Chinese economy all commodity prices whether it be 
crude oil, metals or agricultural prices are all falling and I will leave it to 
Balram to answer what impact it will have on the business. 

Page 5 of 14 
Manish Gandhi 
I will 100% agree with you but that is was not because of India that agri 
prices were up. But generally what we have seen that agriculture prices can 
also stay muted world over and that can have effect in India also. 
Balram Singh Yadav So three things, first is that even the unilateral secular growth of agri output 
has definitely slowed down but it has not stopped. So if you ask me is 
agriculture profitable at these prices? The answer is yes it is still profitable. 
The costs have not risen at the same pace. That is point number one. Point 
number two, I think we are not an import dependent economy as far as 
proteins, fruits and vegetables are concerned. So droughts and erratic 
rainfall will also determine what prices the farmers get and we have seen a 
disproportionate rise in prices whenever there is a small challenge in the 
macro environment. I feel that the prices will continue to rise even though 
they won’t rise at the same pace as it has happened in last five years. And 
agri businesses will do well because the farmers are now focusing on 
productivity; they are using very good agri inputs which we had started 
about 5 years ago. So my sense is that agri businesses will do well, that is 
for sure. The only thing is that pace of growth might come down. You will 
not see a  20% plus growth but I will be very surprised if the growth is less 
than 15%. 
Manish Gandhi 
One more thing on Animal Feed volumes, in the industry we are losing 
market share or it’s an industry phenomenon? 
Balram Singh Yadav As far as all other segments are concerned, we are growing between 7-
25%, in Layer and Cattle we have about 7-9% growth and in Fish Feed we 
had about 20% growth in the first quarter. Our only problem and the 
problem of the entire industry is the Broiler Feed which was the big 
segment of Feed in the past. There we believe because of volatility in 
prices the individual farmer is not continuing with the business and joining 
integration thereby reducing the available market. Now this is a 
phenomenon we saw 5-6 years ago but consistently good prices of Broiler 
again expanded the individual farmer market and reduced integration. So I 
cannot say what will happen but I definitely say in all the other segments we 
will continue to grow, Broiler will definitely depend on what happens in the 
macro environments and the Chicken industry. 

Page 6 of 14 
Manish Gandhi 
So we have not lost market share vis-à-vis other players? 
Balram Singh Yadav I don’t think so. In Fish Feed we definitely have increased our market share. 
In other segments we would have retained market share in the open 
compound Feed market. 
Manish Gandhi 
You don’t see any challenges if farmers are stressed so they will opt for 
green fodder  rather than composite? 
Balram Singh Yadav I think what happens is that whenever the Animal Protein prices are down, 
definitely the farmer does not want to produce more and they don’t want to 
produce more efficiently also and that is a mistake they commit. I think that 
is one thing which we are seeing in the Cattle Feed market that the 
premium feeds are not selling, it’s only the middle level at the lower level 
feed which are selling which are not as profitable. But we have seen this, it 
happens once in 2-3 years and then whenever there is a shortage of milk, 
suddenly the prices will rise and farmers will go back to producing more 
milk and more efficiently. So this is the cyclical issue and I think this will not, 
at least with Cattle Feed, last for more than another three months or so. 
Manish Gandhi 
Thanks Balram. My next question is to Mr. Rajendra. I just want to know 
about The Trees residential launch because in the fourth quarter 
presentation we had given that we would love to launch two phases in this 
year and I think as per my understanding we were supposed to launch on 
second quarter. So now we are saying that we won’t be able to launch in 
second quarter. Of course the permissions are not in your hands, but can 
you just give some color that whether you will be able to launch two phases 
in this year, residential? 
Rajendra Khetawat As we said on our concall also, the phase 1 itself is a sizable phase around 
0.5 million so definitely I think you are confusing between the Platinum T4 
launch and The Tress launch, these are two separate projects. So both T4 
was supposed to come in first half and Trees was supposed to come in 
either end of Q2 or Q3. Because of the DP issues and the DP getting 
rephrased and reframed, the approvals are taking some more time so we 
are quite hopeful that we should be able to launch in the second half of this 
financial year. 

Page 7 of 14 
Manish Gandhi 
One more thing about this Times of India article,but I was surprised they 
are talking about Rs. 25,000 we are selling that. So I don't know whether 
you can give some light on that. 
Adi Godrej 
We would not like to comment on speculative reports. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Anand Krishnan from Infina Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
Anand Krishnan 
With respect to your approvals for The Trees project is it that you have all 
the approvals and it's going to be launched in the second half of the year or 
is it the situation that you have no approvals or what is the state currently? 
Rajendra Khetawat There are various stages of approval and we are in the final leg of receiving 
the approval. Unless we have the IOD approval which is the approval 
whereby we can launch a project, that has still not come and is still awaited. 
The moment that gets issued we are good to launch the project. 
Anand Krishnan 
So the environment clearance and all which is actually required is through? 
Rajendra Khetawat That is all in place. 
Anand Krishnan 
So only IOD is pending? 
Rajendra Khetawat Yes, so we call it the  building plan/layout plan approval  and that is 
awaited, so we are expecting that we should be receiving it in the second 
half of the financial year and we should be able to launch the project. 
Anand Krishnan 
The second question is with respect to the Chemicals business. The 
Chemicals business actually posted an EBIT margin of around 10% this 
quarter. What would be the factors which actually contributed to it and 
whether it is sustainable over a period of time is what I wanted to 
understand. 
Nitin Nabar 
So there are three factors, one is that in this quarter we have a better 
product mix. Our Surfactants portfolio did extremely well. Ambernath plant 
is fully stabilized and the efficiencies that we were expecting have started 

Page 8 of 14 
coming in now and we had some efficient buying, so an exceptionally good 
quarter. This 10% is slightly higher. Typically our margin will be about 7-8%. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain  
On the Chemical business the margins are really good in this quarter. So 
just wanted to understand will this margin look sustainable or are there any 
one-offs in this quarter. 
Nitin Nabar 
I just answered this question that this quarter was exceptionally good 
because of better product mix, some efficient raw material buying but on a 
sustainable basis we can expect 7-8%. 
Resham Jain  
Secondly, on a very broad basis just wanted to understand during the 
previous government we have seen that rural growth has been very good 
but in the last 18 months or so we have seen rural growth slowing down. So 
do you see any of the indicators indicating that…  
Adi Godrej. 
We have not seen rural growth doing down. For example in Godrej 
Consumer Products, the rural growth was higher than the urban growth. So 
we are not seeing rural growth going down much. But overall, growth in 
consumer demand is a little lower than in the best quarters in the past. But 
if you look at the April-June quarter, consumer demand growth has been 
better than in the previous couple of quarters. So we are seeing an inching 
up of consumer demand. Of course, a lot will depend upon how the 
monsoon ends up this year. 
Resham Jain  
Because most of the crop is currently trading almost at MSP so basically 
from that angle I am saying our income levels because we have seen a 
higher prices or realization which farmers used to get earlier  
Adi Godrej 
I think we should also realize that in some case some of the farmer’s crops 
have also come down, etc., so it’s a question of overall the costs in the 
economy are coming down. If you look at many companies in the past, 
value sales growth was much higher than volume sales growth because 
there was considerable inflationary growth, now it will be the opposite, 

Page 9 of 14 
perhaps in some cases volume growth may be higher than value or 
certainly value growth may not be much higher than volume growth. So we 
have to bear with that. 
Resham Jain  
I think in the last couple of days we have seen Yuan depreciating. It might 
be early days to gauge anything on this trend but do you see any impact on 
our overall business because of this? 
Adi Godrej 
Well, the Yuan has depreciated twice and we hear they may announce 
some more. Clearly the Rupee is also depreciating maybe not as much as 
the Yuan but I think commodity prices are falling as a result of Yuan 
depreciation, so for our business overall we think it will be more or less 
neutral, we don't think there will be any either negative effect or positive 
effect over a reasonable period of time from Yuan depreciation. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Anand Krishnan from Infina Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
Anand Krishnan  
I just wanted a better clarity with respect to The Trees project. The Trees 
project that you are actually planning to launch will be in a phased manner. 
So what will be the phases that it will be launched in and what would be the 
timeline for it? 
Rajendra KhetawatLike I said it would be in the second half. The phase 1 would be about 0.5 
million. Overall residential phase we expect about 1 million square feet. 
Anand Krishnan  
The BMC is actually postponing the new DP by around the next six months 
is what I have heard or I have actually read in the newspaper. So is that 
going to actually affect your approval process by any chance? 
Rajendra Khetawat I don’t think so but we are also waiting, we are also trying to find out what 
actually the government wants to do for the approvals which are already 
been applied. Are they going to wait till the new DP comes out or they want 
to issue on approval based on the compliances which has already been 
done. 
Anand Krishnan  
Has there been any reservation or anything in the new DP as such? 

Page 10 of 14 
Rajendra Khetawat The old DP has been scrapped, the new DP is yet to come out. As of now 
there is no reservation on the Tree residential part. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Abhijlt Akela from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Abhijlt Akella  
A few questions on Agrovet. We have seen really strong growth in your 
Seeds business this quarter whereas the rest of the industry has actually 
been reporting very weak results. A lot of them have been reporting year 
over year decline in Seeds sales. So which segments drove this increase 
and what’s your outlook for this business? 
Balram Singh Yadav Actually in percentage terms it looks very big but I must also remind you 
that it is still a very small business so we are a small player. Most of the 
growth has come from two crops that is Corn and Bajra. Both these crops 
have performed well in Rajasthan, Bajra in UP and Corn in Maharashtra we 
have also done very well. 
Abhijlt Akella  
The presentation says that you plan to launch your own hybrids in Pearl 
Millet and Corn in the next season. So what we sold this season was traded 
seeds. 
Balram Singh Yadav We have test marketed and sold small quantities of our Pearl Millet which 
we plan to launch next year, that is what we did this year and next year we 
will launch our own Corn. Right now we buy germplasm from a germplasm 
supplier, multiplyling it and selling it. 
Abhijlt Akella  
For the overall Seed market there would have been a de-growth this year 
according to you in Corn, Rice as well as Cotton segment? 
Balram Singh Yadav Rice I think the sowing is still on. In Eastern India I can’t say. Corn definitely 
in Marathwada, Telangana, Coastal Andhra Pradesh and in parts of 
Western Maharashtra also has not done very well and Bajra has done well, 
I would say. Cotton did very well initially but because of a dry period in 
Marathwada I think it tapered very quickly in June. So I feel that it will be an 
average year for Seeds industry which is highly dependent on Corn and 
Cotton. But if there are other crops I think Rabi will definitely help in 
probably improving the performance. 

Page 11 of 14 
Abhijit Akella  
In your agri inputs business also you have recorded 17% growth. Now how 
is the outlook for that looking given where we are in August now with not 
much rains? 
Balram Singh Yadav We are okay in July and I think we need a few more showers particularly in 
three areas, Marathwada, Vidarbha, and Telangana and we can maintain a 
similar growth in this quarter also. 
Abhijit Akella  
On the Animal Feed side you alluded to poor and volatile end product 
prices, so I suppose that means that the farmer demand was subdued 
because the end product prices were low, is that correct? 
Balram Singh Yadav Yes, in Cattle Feed the milk prices definitely hit our volumes and the 
product mix. So we were expecting double digit growth in Cattle Feed and 
we ended up about 8% growth  in quarter 1. And the volatility has definitely 
hurt our Broiler Feed business because  the market is becoming more 
integrated because the farmers don't want to take price risk and joining an 
integration at least secures them from the price volatility. So open market 
for Broiler has considerably reduced in last two years and that is the only 
cause of worry for the Feed industry. 
Abhijit Akella  
The Aqua Feed industry, the Shrimp Feed industry seems to have been 
growing very strongly the last few quarters. How is our position? 
Balram Singh Yadav Our performance in Fish Feed is very good with more than 25% growth in 
Fish Feed. In Shrimp Feed our growth has been about 6%. We did not grow 
as compared to the market leader but several companies have grown less. 
Supposed disturbance with some competitor helped the market leader 
consolidate their position and grow very rapidly. So my sense is that the 
crop was not good. There were some diseases that is why the crop was 
sold early, so most of the Shrimp Feed players wouldn’t have registered a 
very good growth except the market leader. 
Abhijit Akella  
But what kind of growth rate can we target in this segment? 
Balram Singh Yadav Whenever this early harvesting happened in Shrimp and the disease 
incidence is not carried in the next crop we have an equally good second 

Page 12 of 14 
crop in Shrimp, which we will come to know only in September. If that 
happens I am very sure that we will have more than double digit growth in 
Shrimp and we will continue to grow more than 20% in Fish Feed this year. 
Abhijit Akella  
On the Chemicals side, we have seen very sharp margin expansion in the 
Chemical segment, so just wanted to understand what that was due to? 
Nitin Nabar 
Like I mentioned earlier, that Q1 has been excessively good for three 
reasons; we had a better product mix, our product portfolio and surfactants 
did extremely well, Ambernath efficiencies have started coming in because 
of good capacity utilization and we also have some efficient raw material 
buying in this quarter. 
Abhijt Akella  
Given the fact that I believe we are the market leaders from India in our 
respective segments in Chemicals, do you see a great opportunity for us to 
become a preferred exporter as well with India becoming increasingly 
competitive in the Chemicals industry globally, is there an opportunity to tap 
that export market in the long term? 
Nitin Nabar 
We are growing our exports. We export to about 65 countries all over the 
world, our export revenue is in the region of about Rs 500-550 crores and 
we are constantly adding new products to export to these countries. 
Abhijit Akella 
What would our market share be right now in the global segments that we 
are present in? 
Nitin Nabar 
Our major product portfolio that we export is fatty alcohol and in that I am 
getting a little technical but it is 16 18 chain length and in merchant market 
our global market share will be in the region of about 15%. 
Abhijit Akella  
Can we target substantial further increases in the coming year? 
Nitin Nabar 
No, I think we will remain at these levels because then we will have 
capacity constraints. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Prachi Kodikal from Bay Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

Page 13 of 14 
Prachi Kodikal 
The first question was you have mentioned in your presentation that in the 
agri- Animal Feed business slide, that you are looking at launching new 
products and new categories, so would you be in a position to tell us more 
about this? 
Balram Singh Yadav When I talked about new products in Animal Feed we are talking about 
Buffalo Feed. India has about 80-90 million Buffalo but compound feed 
usage in Buffalo is very low. Through our R&D initiatives we have 
developed a Buffalo feed which caters to requirement of Buffalo specifically 
and we believe this launch will help us get into this segment which is 
untouched by the compound feed manufacturer. 
Prachi Kodikal 
What is the contribution of Broiler Feed to our total feeds business? 
Balram Singh Yadav Broiler Feed to our total feed business is now about 40%. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Manish Gandhi who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
Actually it is not a question, I forgot to mention to Rajendra and all the team 
members of Godrej Properties that you have done an amazing job and in 
this kind of real estate scenario where our pre-sales was Rs 1250 crore in 
residential, is really commendable. Now there are everyday reports about 
real estate prices or real estate market is in dump or next 3-4 years it is 
going to be like that but I don't know you can correct me, my understanding 
is that if the market stays bad it is even beneficial for Godrej Properties 
more. Like what we have achieved in Gurgaon, I am not taking any credit 
away from your team but it helps us that is what I feel. 
Rajendra Khetawat Yes, that’s very true and thanks for the compliment Manish. 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you very much. I hope we have been able to answer your questions 
satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more 
about the company we would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you 
once again for taking the time to join us on this call. 

Page 14 of 14 
Moderator 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen 
on behalf of Godrej Industries Limited that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
