 
1 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Q2CY15 Post Result Conference Call Transcript 
Representative:  
Mr. N. Jagan Mohan Reddy – Managing Director, Rain Industries Limited 
Mr. Gerard M Sweeney – President and CEO, Rain CII Carbon LLC 
Mr. Henri Steinmetz – President and CEO, RÜTGERS Group 
Mr. T. Srinivasa Rao – Chief Financial Officer, Rain Industries Limited 
PL Rep.:  
Kamlesh Bagmar – 91-22-6632 2237 
Date: August 14, 2015 
Moderator  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rain Industries Limited Earnings Conference Call hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher 
Private Limited. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Now I hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sreesankar. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Mr. Sreesankar – Prabhudas Lilladher 
Thank you Aman. Good evening everyone, I welcome all the participants to the Q2 2015 Conference Call of Rain Industries Limited. 
We have with us Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy, Managing Director of Rain Industries Limited, Mr. T. Srinivas Rao, Chief Financial Officer of 
Rain Industries Limited, Mr. Gerard Sweeney, President & CEO of Rain CII Carbon LLC, USA and Mr. Henry Steinmetz, President & 
CEO of the Rutgers Group. We commence the call with an opening remarks from Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy, providing an update on 
developments during the quarter in Rain Group. He will then be followed by Mr. T. Srinivas Rao providing you the highlights of the 
financial performance during Q2 2015.  
Mr. Gerard Sweeney will provide outlook for the CPC business and Mr. Henry Steinmetz will provide outlook for other carbon 
products and chemical businesses. This will be followed by question and answer session where the management will answer the 
questions from the participants. Before we begin I would like to remind that some of the statements made in today’s discussion 
maybe forward looking in nature that could be affected by certain risks and uncertainties. 
The company’s actual results could differ materially from such forward looking statements. I would now request Mr. Jagan Mohan 
Reddy to provide an update on the key developments in the Rain Group. Over to you sir. 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
Thank you Sreesankar. Good evening everyone and welcome to our 2015 Second Quarter earnings call.  I would like to start my 
discussion with a brief update on the key developments in Rain Group. 
The performance of RAIN during Second Quarter of this financial year has been reasonably good when compared to the challenging 
previous year. The Company has been working constantly to optimize the overheads; optimize the product-mix to minimize volatility 
and to reduce concentration to any single industry and lastly to reduce interest cost. 

 
 
2 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
In Second Quarter 2015, RAIN has achieved Consolidated Revenue of INR 26.1 Billion; Consolidated Operating Profit of INR 4.4 
Billion; and Consolidated Net Profit of INR 1.5 Billion.  Although the revenues declined due to depreciation of Euro and fall in 
quotations for key products, the overall profitability in current quarter has improved over the comparative quarter in previous year; 
due to change in product mix across carbon & chemical businesses, coupled with increased volumes in Chemicals business segment. 
My colleagues Gerry and Henri will take you through the factors that influenced our performance in Carbon and Chemical 
businesses. 
In Cement business, during current quarter, on a sequential basis, the operating profit has improved due to improved blended 
realization. With increased focus on Non-traditional markets such as Kerala, Maharashtra and Odhisa; the volumes contribution 
from these markets has increased from 6% to 16%.  Further, reduction in fuel cost due to using cheaper Pet Coke has contributed for 
better performance during the quarter. The Company expects cement market to improve going forward on the back of higher 
spending on infrastructure, roads and housing.  
The Company in its continuous endeavor to reduce debt and optimize interest cost has bought-back Bonds of US$ 17.7 million 
during Second Quarter 2015 and bought-back additional Bonds of US$ 23.7 million during July 2015.  Since last December, the 
Company prepaid total debt of US$ 67.7 million resulting in annual interest savings of US$ 6 million. 
To give you an update on strategic developments, the construction of Russian Coal Tar Distillation Plant is progressing well and is 
expected to commence operations in the Fourth Quarter of CY 2015.  
With regard to Solar Power Plant in Dharmavaram, Anantapur District, Andhra Pradesh, The Company would induct SunEdison 
Group as JV Partner in the Solar SPV for setting-up the Solar Project with most efficient technology at an optimal project cost.  The 
Company would own 51% shares of Solar SPV and balance 49% would be owned by SunEdison Group.  
I would now request Srinivas to provide highlights of the financial performance during Second Quarter 2015. 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
Thank you sir and a warm welcome to all the participants.  
To highlight some of the key performance indicators, on a consolidated basis: 
 
Consolidated Net Revenue is INR 26,100 million during the current quarter, a fall of 16% compared to INR 30,898 million 
during Second Quarter 2014. 
 
o 
Carbon products sales volume during the current quarter is 924 thousand tons, an increase of 18% compared to 
785 thousand tons in Second Quarter 2014.  Sales volume of manufactured carbon products declined by 6% due to 
rescheduling of deliveries to customers; which was off-set by increase in Pet coke trading sales volume.  Carbon 
revenues in Indian Rupees decreased during current quarter due to decline in average blended realization by 35%, 
substantially due to depreciation of Euro against Indian Rupee by 14% and partly offset by appreciation of US 
Dollar against Indian Rupee by 6%.  Overall revenue from Carbon Products business declined by 19% in Second 
Quarter 2015; as compared to Second Quarter 2014. 
 
o 
Chemicals sales volume during the current quarter is 86 thousand tons, an increase of 15% compared to 75 
thousand tons in Second Quarter 2014.  Chemical revenues in Indian Rupees decreased during current quarter due 

 
 
3 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
to decline in average blended realization by 32%, mostly due to depreciation of Euro against Indian Rupee by 14%.  
Overall revenue from Chemical business reduced by 18% in Second Quarter 2015; as compared to Second Quarter 
2014. 
 
o 
Cement volume during the current quarter is 554 thousand tons, a decrease of 7% compared to 595 thousand tons 
in Second Quarter 2014.  With increase in price realization coupled with higher sales in new markets, Cement 
revenues increased by 22% in Second Quarter 2015; as compared to Second Quarter 2014. 
 
 
Consolidated Operating Profit for the current quarter is INR 4,372 million an increase of 15% compared to INR 3,792 million 
achieved during Second Quarter 2014. Operating Profit increased during current quarter mainly due to change in product 
mix and supplemented by savings in other operating expenses.  Operating Profit during Second Quarter 2014 included 
environmental indemnification claim of INR 533 million received from prior owners.  
 
 
Operating Margin for the current quarter has increased to 17%, compared to operating margin of 12% achieved during 
Second Quarter 2014.  
 
 
During Second Quarter 2015, the Company had a foreign exchange loss of INR 147 million, as compared to a foreign 
exchange gain of INR 228 million in Second Quarter 2014.  The Forex loss in the current quarter is mainly due to loss on US 
dollar denominated receivables from appreciation of Euro and CAD against US dollar which is partially offset by 
strengthening of Russian Ruble against US dollar and Euro. 
 
 
Finance cost during the current quarter is INR 1,423 million, a decrease of 4% compared to INR 1,482 million during Second 
Quarter 2014.  Even though there is an appreciation of US dollar against Indian Rupee by 6%, finance cost has reduced on 
account of pre-payment of Junior Subordinated Notes of US$ 26.3 million during December 2014 and buy-back of Bonds of 
US$ 17.7 million during the current quarter, repayment of scheduled instalments of other debt and translation impact of 
Euro currency interest cost. 
 
 
Effective tax rate during the quarter is in-line with the group tax rates in various geographies which include India, Belgium, 
Canada, Germany and United States. 
 
 
Consolidated net profit during the current quarter is INR 1,451 million compared to consolidated net profit of INR 1,235 
million during Second Quarter 2014.  
 
 
The Company achieved a consolidated EPS of INR 4.31 during the current quarter as compared to consolidated EPS of INR 
3.67 during Second Quarter 2014. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Gerry Sweeney to provide outlook of carbon business… over to you Gerry. 
Mr. Gerard Sweeney - President & CEO, Rain CII Carbon LLC, USA 
Thank you Srinivas, and good evening everyone. It's a pleasure to speak to you all once again. 
The Aluminum Industry, the key end use consumer for our CPC and CTP products, are in a prolonged downturn in the commodity 
cycle.  This is quite contradictory to the demand side, where there is ever-growing demand for Aluminum in every major end use 

 
 
4 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
market sector, and worldwide growth of 6% for the last several years.  The strong growth in global demand has brought inventories 
down to around 60-days of daily consumption.  Also, growth in aluminum demand outside China is expected to be 3-3.5% for CY15.  
This represents the largest growth in western world Al production since 2011. 
Despite these factors, primary LME Aluminum prices declined to US$1,600 per Ton, the lowest level since July 2009.  The decline in 
Aluminum prices appears mainly due to global oversupply by about half-a-million tons, coupled with concerns of potential dumping 
by Chinese Smelters in the future due to economic woes in the country.  Also, a stronger US dollar and overall depressed attitude 
towards commodities at present are contributing to the headwind.  
Regional premiums declined during Second Quarter, resulting in lower realization to smelters.  We have seen the steadying of 
premiums in the Midwest and in Europe during late June and July reversing the sharp decline over the last quarter. The weakness in 
premiums over the first half 2015 along with the weakened LME price have put pressure on smelters to compete worldwide. 
The decline in Energy prices and substantial depreciation of Euro against US Dollar in the last few quarters has improved the 
competitiveness of many European Smelters.  While the overall market sentiment still remains uncertain, the expected growth of 5% 
in Aluminum consumption in North America this year together with the more competitive European situation, keeps us reasonably 
comfortable that our Aluminum customer base will not experience further curtailment.   
The average CPC contract price is in full swing with smelters attempting once again to push down prices.  We are confident however, 
that there is no basis for large scale reductions.  We have settled a few prices to date for H2 with only a modest decrease in price per 
ton compared to previous settlement in H1 2015. In view of the weak market conditions and the resultant pressure on our CPC 
prices, we continue working hard to offset sales price reductions through raw material cost reductions to sustain our overall margin 
level. Also, our continual push for loosening of product specifications by customers is helping us to protect our margins.    
On the CPC sales volume side, with an estimated increase of 10% production of Aluminum in India, we are exploring to make 
incremental supplies to Indian Smelters from US plants, aided by low global ocean freights. 
The fall in crude prices is changing the overall crude diet of some refineries in the US, in moving from Shale crudes back to Sweet 
crudes.  This had a mixed effect on us to date, and we will continue to watch the situation to fully appreciate the trend.  The weaker 
steel, cement and power markets however have helped drop the fuel prices, thereby lowering the floor price alternative for our 
lower grade blend components.  Again, this helps us protect margin and control our costs.  Lower ocean freights are having a 
positive impact on the US and Indian CPC businesses, and will continue if freight markets remain at low levels.   
From an operational perspective for the period, our Indian Calcining facility is operating at or near the maximum capacity and our US 
plants are running at approx. 80-85% utilization levels. 
Our Lake Charles energy project is contributing more fully now and we continue to optimize its operations. We have seen a 
substantial improvement in energy revenue contribution from Lake Charles during 2015, and are hopeful it will continue. 
We will continue to watch developments on the global front, especially those in China.  The western world seems poised for market 
recovery with demand outstripping production, and overall lower global inventories.  For now however, we will continue to protect 
our margin, control our expenses and manage our balance sheet.  
Now I would like to hand over the call to my colleague Mr. Henri Steinmetz to discuss the Rütgers business… Henri…. 
 

 
 
5 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Mr. Henri Steinmetz – President and CEO, RÜTGERS Group 
Thank you Gerry. It gives me immense pleasure to address you all once again. 
First I would like to share with you recent market trends. 
After the massive drop of commodity prices towards the end of Fourth Quarter 2014, the notations have bottomed out in First 
Quarter 2015. Although we saw an increase for all the critical notations in Second Quarter, however we are seeing again a reversed 
trend for the oil notations due to a structural oversupply, lower consumption growth especially in China and additional anticipated 
volumes resulting from the political developments with Iran.  The Fuel Oil price increased from an average of US$ 276 per Ton in 
First Quarter of 2015 to an average of US$ 324 per Ton in Second Quarter, Benzene notations increased from an average of US$ 645 
per Ton in First quarter of 2015 to an average of US$ 834 per Ton in the current quarter, while US dollar depreciated against Euro 
from US$ 1.08 per Euro at the end of First quarter of 2015 to US$ 1.12 per Euro at the end of Second Quarter.  
Our supply of coal tar was in line with our demand and we could operate our coal tar distillation plants at an utilization level of 
above 80%.  
Economic growth in Second Quarter 2015 in our major market the Atlantic region was good, resulting in a good demand for our 
products. Given the strengthening of the US Dollar against the Euro, the competitiveness of all our products, especially compared to 
China and the USA, has increased and resulted in a positive impact on demand for our products. Overall, we expect a reasonable 
output growth in EU Chemicals during CY15.  
Although the chemicals business faced lower revenues of 18%, mainly due to change of notations, in current quarter compared to 
the Second Quarter of 2014, the profitability in current quarter was sustained to the level in Second Quarter of 2014 by re-aligning 
product mix.  
For the coal tar related products we have a natural hedge on oil prices to a great extent.  The initiatives taken by the Company to 
move the oil product mix more towards the sale of creosote oil; less sensitive to crude prices had helped to reduce our exposure to 
crude oil. The BTX related product margins are mostly affected directly by the benzene notations which bottomed out in the first 
quarter and are currently trading in the range of $750 -$850 per ton, although currently the markets prices remain volatile. 
We have successfully commissioned our PA project on time and within the budget. In Second Quarter the plant reached designed 
capacity. The full benefit of the project can be seen in calendar year 2015. For the Russian project, we are currently progressing 
according to the time schedule and we expect no cost overrun. We plan to start commissioning of the plant in the fourth quarter of 
2015.    
Thank you. I would like to open the meeting up for the Question and Answer session. Over to you Operator. 
Moderator  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and 
“1” on their touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question.  
Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 

 
 
6 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
The first question from the line of Mr. Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Achal Lohade - JM Financial  
Good evening sir, thank you for the opportunity. First of all congratulations on great set of numbers. Wanted to understand one, in 
terms of, was there any inventory gain or anything of that sort. Just trying to understand if the current quarter numbers are 
sustainable? 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
The current quarter numbers do not include any inventory gain. Basically the performance has been good because of our 
optimization of performance parameters and the optimization of the product-mix to minimise any exposure to a particular industry 
and our ability to blend raw materials to reduce the cost overall. So those factors have helped. The markets as you are aware in 
turmoil so we are hoping that we should be able to navigate through it. But at this point of time we cannot comment on how the 
performance will be going forward considering the volatility in the global markets. 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
Achal, the second thing is the expansion projects that we are discussing like the Russian plant, they will be operational in Calendar 
Year 2016 and our performance should be better in 2016 when the Russian plant is operational. But as of now the markets are highly 
volatile and the Q2 performance we can’t say it is sustainable but we don’t expect a major decline also at the same time. 
Mr. Achal Lohade - JM Financial  
Got it. Sir, if I look at the commentary you said if I look at the carbon products profitability, you said in terms of the numbers the 
manufacturing volume actually declined but the trading volume went up, that’s why the overall volumes are also up. Yet the EBITDA 
per tonne, dollar per tonne has improved. So I am trying to understand what has driven the margin improvement because I would 
imagine that the trading components would not have a $50-55 kind of margins just on trading? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
No, trading business will never give the type of EBITDA what we will get in manufacturing business. But as Mr. Jagan and Mr. Henry 
explained that there is a change in the product mix we are looking at by doing some of the things like creosote oil etc. which are 
moving away from the crude oil prices. So because of that it helped us to deliver a better performance in the carbon products. 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
And the team has been actually innovative in reducing the raw material cost by blending various products so that we actually tried to 
improve margin. So I think that has helped quite a bit. 
Mr. Achal Lohade - JM Financial  
Sorry, I am actually asking little bit more in detail because if you say blending is it for Rutgers business also or is it only for the CPC 
business? 
 

 
 
7 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
It is for both the businesses.... 
For both the businesses for example we are bringing in some cheaper raw materials and blending with other materials so that 
overall we maintain customer specs at the same time reduce cost. 
Mr. Achal Lohade - JM Financial  
Got it. Gerry, if you could talk a little bit about how are the GPC, CPC prices moved in last quarter or so and how do you look at it 
going forward? 
Mr. Gerard Sweeney - President & CEO, Rain CII Carbon LLC, USA 
As I said, to take my earlier commentary a little deeper, on the GPC side we have been aided by the fall off in demand a bit from the 
power, cement and steel sectors helping to lower the overall floor that in earlier calls you have heard us talk about was a hard floor 
that we were bumping up against in trying to push down some of our higher Sulphur supply. So that trend continued in the Q2 and 
we are grateful for that because it does allow us to control our cost. From a pricing perspective as I commented as fully expected, 
first of all we don’t negotiate quarterly that is negotiated semi-annually. So when we got into the second half negotiations, really in 
June kicked those off, it really began with the smelters asking for deep price discounts because they are obviously been affected by 
the market situation with aluminium. But when you look at the construct and structural elements of both CPC and the coal tar pitch 
markets there is no justification for deep price discounts. And so we did settle a few prices at modest reductions consistent with 
what we believed we can do on the raw materials side and we expect that trend to continue. 
Mr. Achal Lohade - JM Financial  
Got it. In terms of the GPC availability because of the fall in crude price has that affected the availability of GPC? 
Mr. Gerard Sweeney - President & CEO, Rain CII Carbon LLC, USA 
I am sorry your question again. 
Mr. Achal Lohade - JM Financial  
Sorry, the crude oil price has it affected the availability of GPC for us? 
Mr. Gerard Sweeney - President & CEO, Rain CII Carbon LLC, USA 
No, there is no correlation between oil price and GPC price. GPC pricing as a solid is strictly related to be supplying demand 
availability of GPC in particular quality levels. So it is more you arguably would say that GPC is more tied from a fuel perspective to 
coal pricing, steam coal pricing or even metallurgical coal pricing in the steel area then it is at all to the oil price. 
Mr. Achal Lohade - JM Financial  
And more so if you could provide a perspective on the availability, one is about the price what about given the fall in the refining 
margins for the refineries, have refineries announced any curtailment or shutdowns? Has that impacted the availability of GPC green 
coke for us? 

 
 
8 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Mr. Gerard Sweeney - President & CEO, Rain CII Carbon LLC, USA 
No, despite the drop in crude oil prices the overall refining margins have remained pretty consistent. So we have not seen any 
noticeable change in coke production or refinery runs nor do we are concerned that we will see any meaningful reductions going 
forward. One area where we thought we might see some, we are not seeing all that much is in China but again we are watching that 
situation carefully. 
Mr. Achal Lohade - JM Financial  
Got it. Just last question..... 
Moderator  
Mr. Achal, may I request you to join back in the question queue as the participants are waiting for their turn? Thank you. 
The next question comes from the line of Mr. S.U. Reddy from Mergers India Infoline. Please go ahead. 
Mr. S.U. Reddy - Mergers India Infoline 
Good evening. My question is on the current cash flows and our bullet loan payment is falling due in 2018. Are we have been able to 
repay the whole debt means some kind of refinancing is obvious, given the fed rate, interest rate hike. Is our interest cost is 
expected to go up or the metrics will improve so that our credit rating will improve? I mean what are the alternatives that are under 
consideration for the bullet repayments that is falling due in 2018? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
Our repayments will start in December 2018. The first major payment comes in Dec 2018. So we have around 3.5 years for that 
payment but meanwhile we always look at the refinancing option at lower cost and we are working with our advisors to see how we 
can raise the finance at lower cost. Hopefully there should be a clarity in next few quarters about 2018 payments. But we always 
look at reducing the cost.... 
Mr. S U Reddy - Mergers India Infoline 
Agreed but the fed increases the rate, does it have an impact on our borrowing cost going forward assume it to be? 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
I couldn’t hear could you speak a little louder? 
Mr. S U Reddy - Mergers India Infoline 
If the US interest rates goes up our interest cost will go up in case there is...? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
No, the increase in US interest rates has no impact because all our bonds are at fixed rates so we have no impact of the interest cost. 

 
 
9 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Mr. S U Reddy - Mergers India Infoline 
Going forward if you borrow, will that have an impact? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
At this point of time it maybe little early to make a comment on that because we don’t know what kind of financing we are going to 
use for raising financing. So what kind of instruments we will be using for raising financing. If it's a bond there will be no impact on 
interest rates but if it's a bank financing there will be a certain financing cost impact. So we will only be able to comment on that at 
that point of time. 
Mr. S U Reddy - Mergers India Infoline 
My last question is, is it mandatory to give standalone results because standalone is more like...? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
It is mandatory, under the stock exchange guidelines it is mandatory, we have to give both. 
Mr. S U Reddy - Mergers India Infoline 
Okay, I appreciate. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Kunal Banerjee from Bridget Capital. Please go ahead.     
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
Thank you, good evening. Sir, I have few questions, first of all on the CPC, the supply demand picture in China. Have you done any 
analysis on that because it seems like China is set to grow primary aluminium capacity by 10 million tonnes between now and 2018 
that’s pretty significant step up in their supply. But given that CPC is a consumable and so every 10 million tonnes then would 
account for 4 million tonnes of CPC demand over those few years to 2018. Is there a lot of capacity available in CPC within China to 
meet that demand because CPC I am assuming is pretty much being manufactured from GPC in China. And they have the same 
refining capacity that is growing at some rate but it's certainly not growing at the rate of the aluminium production nor the CPC 
demands. So, I don’t know if you have done any analysis within China, the intent of the question as if China then becomes net short 
CPC with the West already running with higher rates, could you conceivably see a pinch point developing for CPC on a global basis? 
Mr. Gerard Sweeney - President & CEO, Rain CII Carbon LLC, USA 
In a word yes and thank you for a progressive more rosy questions I guess I would say. But I think your observations are correct, 
China is poised and planned to add another 10 million tonnes of aluminium production through 2018 that’s fairly well understood 
and expected in the marketplace. We have looked at this, we have worked on things are not very fluid in China to completely 
understand as most situations are in the West. But with that said dealing with your question and the expectation of 10 million 
tonnes of additional aluminium production, the simple thing is that would put a tremendous drain on the availability of CPC and I 
believe even coal tar pitch within China inorder to feed that overall.  

 
 
10 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
The Chinese will do what we often see which is they will turn inward feed their domestic demand perhaps even becoming a net 
importer of CPC if it were to reach that full 10 million tonnes of additional production. And there is no doubt that that would be 
something that’s bullish for us but again not unlike the response driving gate to the financing, we are focusing really on where we 
are now in this market. We certainly hope that things strategically will break our way in the future but we are planning for the worst 
to be clear, planning for the worst but hoping for the best. 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
And then you talked, you mentioned I guess that you are going to see an increased volumes, increased trade from your US facilities 
into India. I am just wondering what the net back is into India. What sort of trade today and I believe at least in the Q1 you had 
indicated CPC price realisations over 300 per tonne. So can you give us a sense for those incremental volumes going into India versus 
your traditional maybe LatAm markets, what’s the incremental ocean freights relative to LatAm exports basically? 
Mr. Gerard Sweeney - President & CEO, Rain CII Carbon LLC, USA 
We are evaluating so it is very much in study phase, at this point we are not in a position to discuss volumes and it is entirely too 
complex, it is not a straightforward direct sales scenario like we experienced with our Latin American sales and everything. So until 
we have something more concrete all that the concept that we were trying to share at this point is that we are looking at the place 
in the global, we are looking at places in globe where we can essentially, we have the India plan where can we bolster the demand 
growth by providing more supplies since we are sold out in India. And that’s really the way that we are working at this point. The low 
freight range allow us to look at that opportunity but I can’t really elaborate anymore on it at this point. 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
A couple of more questions, one for Henry, on the carbon black side it seems like some of your customers were mentioning on their 
calls that it's difficulty of procuring the feedstock from the cracker side. So were you able to, you are competing obviously with the 
hydrocarbon based or petroleum based feedstock and some of these companies had real trouble procuring the petroleum based 
feedstock. Were you able to take advantage of that dislocation where your carbon black feedstock being that it's colder, right? 
Mr. Henri Steinmetz – President and CEO, RÜTGERS Group 
Okay, what we do our carbon black at the moment of CBO oils or the colder carbon black oils, we sell on contracts to the people. But 
on the other side we are also looking to move more oils in the mix towards creosote oils. By this we have better ability to manage 
our risk and also pricing and our margins. And I think in the first half of the year we took those opportunities, one was getting to 
some extent better margins on the or better prices for the carbon black oils but they are not very profitable just improving margins 
but on the other hand we move oils towards the creosotes which really helped us in improving results. 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
Okay so you are deemphasising the carbon black feedstock as well? 
Mr. Henri Steinmetz – President and CEO, RÜTGERS Group 
At the moment that’s our lowest margin product. 
 

 
 
11 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
And just quickly Srinivas, free cash flow in the first half, can you just give us a bridge and then are you expecting a similar amount of 
deleveraging or debt paid down in the second half equivalent to the 68 million that you paid down year to date? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
No, actually whatever surplus cash is there that has been already deployed by repayment of the loans in the last 6 months and with 
the new plans getting operational by the end of 2015, we don’t see there is any scope for reducing the working capital in the 
business and the current level of working capital will be maintained. 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
But what was free cash flow in the first half, can you give us a sense? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
Around US $45 million for the half year. 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
And there was no working capital, there was some working capital contribution in that? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
Not much as such. 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
So if working capital was expected to be flat and earnings maybe down a bit from this record of Q2 why shouldn’t you be generating 
some positive free cash flow in the second half? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
No, but the profit that is generated in the business is there because we don’t expect any change in the working capital. 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
Right but then everything else is flat and did generate free cash flow in the first half. Why would you not be generating especially if 
your working capital level is flat? 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director 
We have to actually invest our balance funds but we have two capital projects that are going on in Russia as well as in US in 
Chalmette project. So we have higher CAPEX, actually all the CAPEX is loaded towards the second half of this year. So we will not 
have sufficient cash flow to be able to retire any debt in the second half. 

 
 
12 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Mr. Kunal Banerjee - Brigade Capital 
Okay, understood. Thank you very much. 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rukun Tarachandani from Kotak Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Rukun Tarachandani - Kotak Portfolio 
Hi, just trying to understand is there a target debt level that the company is looking at.... 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
Can you speak up please? 
Mr. Rukun Tarachandani - Kotak Portfolio 
Yeah, just trying to understand is there a target debt level that the company is looking at. I mean you have mentioned I think a target 
of net debt to EBITDA of 3 times but in terms of absolute numbers is there a target debt level that you can target? 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer  
The plan is to reduce the debt by minimum of $25-50 million a year that’s what we are aiming for. Over a period of time it will come 
below billion dollars and $900 million. 
Mr. Rukun Tarachandani - Kotak Portfolio 
Right, okay. And the Russian project how much do you expect that will add to your revenues and EBITDA from the next year 
onwards? 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
At this point of time we cannot comment on that but once it comes the operations we will be able to provide some, hopefully some 
better answers on that. But at this point of time we cannot provide any guidance from the project that is yet to come in operations. 
Mr. Rukun Tarachandani - Kotak Portfolio 
Just last question, coming back to the margins from the carbon business, you mentioned that the realisations fell Year over Year 
quite drastically. However still your operating margins have gone up by almost 300 basis points. So just trying to understand how 
sustainable are these current margin levels? 
 

 
 
13 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
First thing you have to understand is that we are more of a converter so what happens is in our raw material prices and finished 
product prices kind of move in tandem. Basically in good markets your margin improves and in bad markets the margin contracts. 
Based on that you will sometimes see higher margins in terms of EBITDA because on the lower sales prices. But generally we try to, 
our goal normally is to try to match margins by improving the prices and also to cut down our raw materials cost. And I think this 
part is mostly we are able to do that by reducing raw material cost by using innovative methods of blending materials. 
Mr. Rukun Tarachandani - Kotak Portfolio 
Right. Okay, thank you. 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sreesankar for closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Mr. Sreesankar – Prabhudas Lilladher 
Thank you Jagan, thank you Srinivas Rao, thank you Henry.... 
Mr. T. Srinivas Rao - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Sankar, Mr. Jagan will give some closing remarks. 
Mr. Sreesankar – Prabhudas Lilladher 
Okay, please go ahead Jagan. 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
Thank you everyone for participating in the call.  
We are now focusing on timely completion of all the capital projects under execution; integrating our European and US business to 
optimize overheads cost and re-align product mix to improve the operating margins.  The Company is evaluating options to 
refinance the debt to reduce interest cost.  In this way, while industry and market are uncertain, with our internal efforts, we will be 
able to withstand the market pressure. 
Thank you once again. 
 
 

 
 
14 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of  
Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines.  
Mr. Sreesankar – Prabhudas Lilladher 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. 
Mr. Jagan Mohan Reddy - Managing Director  
Thank you. 
END. 
 

 
 
15 | P a g e 
Rain Industries Limited 
  
Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd. 
3rd Floor, Sadhana House, 570, P. B. Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 018, India 
Tel: (91 22) 6632 2222 Fax: (91 22) 6632 2209 
Rating Distribution of Research Coverage 
 
PL’s Recommendation Nomenclature 
 
BUY  
: 
Over 15% Outperformance to Sensex over 12-months 
Accumulate 
: 
Outperformance to Sensex over 12-months 
Reduce 
: 
Underperformance to Sensex over 12-months 
Sell 
: 
Over 15% underperformance to Sensex over 12-months 
Trading Buy 
: 
Over 10% absolute upside in 1-month 
Trading Sell 
: 
Over 10% absolute decline in 1-month 
Not Rated (NR) 
: 
No specific call on the stock 
Under Review (UR) 
: 
Rating likely to change shortly 
DISCLAIMER/DISCLOSURES 
ANALYST CERTIFICATION 
We/I, Mr. Kamlesh Bagmar (CA, CFA), Mr. Ankit Shah (BE, MBA, CFA (US)), Research Analysts, authors and the names subscribed to this report, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this research report 
accurately reflect our views about the subject issuer(s) or securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation(s) or view(s) in this 
report. 
Terms & conditions and other disclosures: 
Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd, Mumbai, India (hereinafter referred to as “PL”) is engaged in the business of Stock Broking, Portfolio Manager, Depository Participant and distribution for third party financial products. PL is a 
subsidiary of Prabhudas Lilladher Advisory Services Pvt Ltd. which has its various subsidiaries engaged in business of commodity broking, investment banking, financial services (margin funding) and distribution of third 
party financial/other products, details in respect of which are available at www.plindia.com 
This document has been prepared by the Research Division of PL and is meant for use by the recipient only as information and is not for circulation. This document is not to be reported or copied or made available to 
others without prior permission of PL. It should not be considered or taken as an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy or sell any security. 
The information contained in this report has been obtained from sources that are considered to be reliable. However, PL has not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the same. Neither PL nor any of its 
affiliates, its directors or its employees accepts any responsibility of whatsoever nature for the information, statements and opinion given, made available or expressed herein or for any omission therein.  
Recipients of this report should be aware that past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance and value of investments can go down as well. The suitability or otherwise of any investments will depend 
upon the recipient's particular circumstances and, in case of doubt, advice should be sought from an independent expert/advisor. 
Either PL or its affiliates or its directors or its employees or its representatives or its clients or their relatives may have position(s), make market, act as principal or engage in transactions of securities of companies 
referred to in this report and they may have used the research material prior to publication. 
PL may from time to time solicit or perform investment banking or other services for any company mentioned in this document. 
PL is in the process of applying for certificate of registration as Research Analyst under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Research Analysts) Regulations, 2014 
PL submits that no material disciplinary action has been taken on us by any Regulatory Authority impacting Equity Research Analysis activities. 
PL or its research analysts or its associates or his relatives do not have any financial interest in the subject company.  
PL or its research analysts or its associates or his relatives do not have actual/beneficial ownership of one per cent or more securities of the subject company at the end of the month immediately preceding the date of 
publication of the research report.  
PL or its research analysts or its associates or his relatives do not have any material conflict of interest at the time of publication of the research report. 
PL or its associates might have received compensation from the subject company in the past twelve months. 
PL or its associates might have managed or co-managed public offering of securities for the subject company in the past twelve months or mandated by the subject company for any other assignment in the past twelve 
months.    
PL or its associates might have received any compensation for investment banking or merchant banking or brokerage services from the subject company in the past twelve months. 
PL or its associates might have received any compensation for products or services other than investment banking or merchant banking or brokerage services from the subject company in the past twelve months 
PL or its associates might have received any compensation or other benefits from the subject company or third party in connection with the research report. 
PL encourages independence in research report preparation and strives to minimize conflict in preparation of research report. PL or its analysts did not receive any compensation or other benefits from the subject 
Company or third party in connection with the preparation of the research report. PL or its Research Analysts do not have any material conflict of interest at the time of publication of this report. 
It is confirmed that Mr. Kamlesh Bagmar (CA, CFA), Mr. Ankit Shah (BE, MBA, CFA (US)), Research Analysts of this report have not received any compensation from the companies mentioned in the report in the preceding 
twelve months 
Compensation of our Research Analysts is not based on any specific merchant banking, investment banking or brokerage service transactions.  
The Research analysts for this report certifies that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject company or companies and its or their securities, and no part of his 
or her compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
The research analysts for this report has not served as an officer, director or employee of the subject company PL or its research analysts have not engaged in market making activity for the subject company 
Our sales people, traders, and other professionals or affiliates may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed herein, 
and our proprietary trading and investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations expressed herein. In reviewing these materials, you should be aware that any or all o 
the foregoing, among other things, may give rise to real or potential conflicts of interest.  
PL and its associates, their directors and employees may  (a) from time to time, have a long or short position in, and buy or sell the securities of the subject company or (b) be engaged in any other transaction involving 
such securities and earn brokerage or other compensation or act as a market maker in the financial instruments of the subject company or act as an advisor or lender/borrower to the subject company or may have any 
other potential conflict of interests with respect to any recommendation and other related information and opinions. 
DISCLAIMER/DISCLOSURES (FOR US CLIENTS) 
ANALYST CERTIFICATION 
The research analysts, with respect to each issuer and its securities covered by them in this research report, certify that: All of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect his or her or their personal 
views about all of the issuers and their securities; and No part of his or her or their compensation was, is or will be directly related to the specific recommendation or views expressed in this research report 
Terms & conditions and other disclosures: 
This research report is a product of Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd., which is the employer of the research analyst(s) who has prepared the research report. The research analyst(s) preparing the research report is/are 
resident outside the United States (U.S.) and are not associated persons of any U.S. regulated broker-dealer and therefore the analyst(s) is/are not subject to supervision by a U.S. broker-dealer, and is/are not required to 
satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of FINRA or required to otherwise comply with U.S. rules or regulations regarding, among other things, communications with a subject company, public appearances and 
trading securities held by a research analyst account. 
This report is intended for distribution by Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd. only to "Major Institutional Investors" as defined by Rule 15a-6(b)(4) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act, 1934 (the Exchange Act) and 
interpretations thereof by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in reliance on Rule 15a 6(a)(2). If the recipient of this report is not a Major Institutional Investor as specified above, then it should not act upon 
this report and return the same to the sender. Further, this report may not be copied, duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any U.S. person, which is not the Major Institutional Investor.  
In reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the Exchange Act and interpretations thereof by the SEC in order to conduct certain business with Major Institutional Investors, Prabhudas 
Lilladher Pvt. Ltd. has entered into an agreement with a U.S. registered broker-dealer, Marco Polo Securities Inc. ("Marco Polo").  
Transactions in securities discussed in this research report should be effected through Marco Polo or another U.S. registered broker dealer. 
38.0%
49.0%
13.0%
0.0%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
BUY
Accumulate
Reduce
Sell
% of Total Coverage
