\Ytrb
IWL: NOI:48: zor5
z5th December, 2015
The Secretary
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Limited
Dalal Street, Mumbai 4oo ool
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange Limited
Exchange Plaza
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E)
Mumbai 4oo oS1
Scrip code: 539083
Scrip code: INOXWIND
Fax No o2z-2272812t I zogT I gg I 4t I 6t
Fax No ozz-2659 SzgZlSS
Sub: Submission of Transcript of the Conference Call with Anatyst/ Institutional Investors
Ref: SEBI Circular no SEBI/LAD-NRO/GN/zorg-l'6/or3 dated oznd September, zor5 read with
Regulation 3o of the Securities and Exchange Board of Ind.ia (r,i"tir,g obligation and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, zor.5
with reference to the above, we enclose herewith transcript of the conference call done with Analyst/Investors
post the agreements with AMSC on r8rh December, 2or5,
P]ease take the above on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For InoxWind Limited
Company Secretary
Encl: as above
o
Utt
ry
INOX WIND LIMITED, Plot No. 17, Sector 16A, Noida-201 301, (U.P.), lNDlA. Phone: +91-120-6149 600. Fax: +91-120-6149 610
Registered Oflice : Plot No'1, Khasra No.264 to 267, lndustrialArea, Village-Basal, Distt. Una-174303, (H.p.) lNDlA. Tel: +g1-1g7s-272001
l, / 
CIN : 131901HP2009P1C031083, E-mail: contact@inoxwind.com, Web: www.inoxwind.com
1A

M
EnergizingtNDtA
MANAGEMENT:
MODERATOR:
W
EnergizingtNDtA
"fnox Wind Limited Conference Call,,
December 18, Z0l5
MR. DEEPAK ASHER .- DIRECTOR & GROUP HEAD
(CoRPORATE FINANCE), INOX GROUP
MR. DEVANSH JAIN - DIRECTOR, INOX WIND LIMITED
MR. DHEERAJ SOOD _ HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, INOX
WIND LIMITED
MR. ANKUR SHARMA -. MOTILAL OSWAL SECURITIES
Page 1 of 10

Wlfrld,
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Call"
December 18, 201 s
Ladies and Gentlemen Good Day and Welcome to the Conference Call to discuss Inox Wind's
Landmark Agreement with AMSC hosted by Motilal Oswal Securities, As a reminder, all participant
lines will be in the listen'only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal for an
operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being
recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Sharma who is from Motilal
Oswal Securities. Thank you and over to you.
Thanks, Good Aftemoon, Ladies and Gentlemen and welcome to the call. We have with us today
from Inox Wind, Mr. Devansh Jain who is the Director at lnox Wind; Mr. Deepak Asher -- Director
and Group Head (Corporate Finance), Inox Group and Mr. Dheeraj Sood - Head, Investor Relations. I
now hand over the call to Mr. Asher. Over to you, sir.
Thank you very much, Ankur, and A very warm welcome to all Investors and Analysts who have
taken the time to attend this call. The objective of this call essentially is to apprise you of some
significant agreements that we have entered into with AMSC. As many of you might have seen
through the press releases that we have released as well as the announcements made to the stock
exchanges, we have entered into what might be considered to be Landmark Agreements with AMSC
andjust to give you a backdrop there are actually three agreements that we have entered into:
The first one relates to securing from AMSC a perpetual and exclusive license to manufacture the
Electrical Control Systems for the 2 MW Turbines that we already are producing. Now for those of
you who are not familiar, the Electrical Control Systems are what are called the brains of the Wind
Turbine, in as much as they enable reliable high performance operations of the Turbine by controlling
power flows, regulating voltage, monitoring system performance, controlling the pitch of the wind
turbine blades and the yaw of the turbines all in order to maximize efficiencies. The Electrical Control
Systems under the present anangements are components that we buy from AMSC and to that extent
we were dependent on AMSC for the sourcing of the ECSs. In order to secure ourselves from a supply
chain perspective, it was in our interest to start manufacturing those ECSs ourselves and the
agreement that we have reached is one under which AMSC provides us with the technology to
produce these ECSs' they will help us develop the supply cirain for the components that go into
manufacturing these ECSs, they will help us set up the manufacturing facility and thereafter we will
manufacture the ECSs ourselves. So that, apart from a significant cost advantage that would give us
because of indigenization of the supply of ECSs, it will also give us security and to that extent
independence from AMSC as far as being able to source the ECSs are concemed.
The second agreement that we have reached with AMSC also is to collaborate on the development of
3 MW Wind Turbine design, currently, our workhorse is a 2 MW Turbine but going forward it is
possible that at least at some sites we will be able to deploy the 3 MW Turbine in order to further
enhance efficiency and reduce the cost of generation for our customers and we are in that sense
developing the pathway to reach the goal of being able to produce 3 MW Turbines in terms of
collaborating with AMSC in developing the design and the technology for this Turbine as well,
Energizing INDIA
Moderator:
Ankur Sharma:
Deepak Asher:
Page 2 of 10

M
EnergizinglNDlA
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Catt"
December 18, 2015
The third of course is a Long-Term Supply Agreement for the ECSs. While as I mentioned we would
eventually have the technology and the license to manufacture the ECSs we would continue to buy a
part of requirements from AMSC and we have therefore also entered into a long-term supply
agreement for a period ofabout 5 to 7-years depending on how volumes pan out going forward at a
price which is fixed and therefore it also gives us cost security in terms of sourcing this ECSs tbr the
foreseeable future. So these are the three key agreements that we have reached.
The primary objective was, as I said, to ensure security of the ECSs supply, independent of AMSC,
which we have been able to do by which we will eventually get there in terms of setting up the
manufacturing facility, we already sourced the technology and the license to be able to do that and the
spin off benefit of that also would be reduction in cost of manufacturing a turbine because of the
indigenization which will lead to a lower cost of production of the ECSs. So these are the broad brush
of the agreements that we have entered into. If Devansh would like to add anything further to that we
could do that, otherwise we could head in for e&A.
Sure, may be just add two or three things on top of that; I think post the IPO we heard some concerns
from some of the investors that given the financial condition of AMSC, how would we be secure on
the ECS front. While we have spoken about this, that we already have 4 5eu1s. code in an escrow
account, people were still concerned to a certain extent that there could be disruption of 3 or 4-
months. While we realized that, we have been working on this for the past couple of months and then
what we have announced as ofyesterday is something very-very significant to that extent wherein we
are now absolutely independent in terms of having ability to source and manufacturing ECS Systems.
Second, I think the savings which accrue to us from this in-house manufacturing will be substantial.
Again in terms of the broad financials what have been agreed with the AMSC I think the press release
from AMSC talks of $210 million landmark agreement. What we have done is we have entered into a
License Agreement which would cost us about $10-odd-million which would be structured payments
over the next l-odd-year, and to the extent of the savings which will accrue to us from the
manufacturing of the ECS Systems, while I cannot fix number to it, but margins in terms of
manufacturing this critical component are fairly significant, and depending on what kind of volumes
we manufacture going forward, I think the payback period would typically be less than 2-years. So I
think this would significantly boost profitability for us going forward.
Third' I think this also opens the door for us to continue our relationship with AMSC and get into
newer products platforms. While I mentioned this many times in the past that from an Indian market
persPective we cannot introduce too many larger turbines given the physical challenges in terms of
moving larger turbines and larger rotor diameters, but there are certain sites where we could put up
3MW turbines on site for building wind park facilities, Ard given this strategic agreement that we
now have on the ECS I think it opens the door for us to continue our partnership and our long term
corporation with AMSC. So from these three perspectives I think deal we have entered into with
AMSC is a very-very significant move for Inox Wind.
Thank you sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin with the Question-and-Answer Session. The
first question is from the line of Anubhav Gupta from May Bank. please proceed.
Devansh Jain:
Moderator:
Page 3 of 10

W
Energizirrg INDIA
Anubhav Gupta:
Devansh Jain:
Anubhav Gupta:
Devansh Jain:
Anubhav Gupta:
Devansh Jain:
Moderator:
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Call"
December 18, 201 s
The first question is on the amount of CAPEX which we are looking for setting up this kind ol unit in
India? When do we expect this unit to start production?
we intend to put up CAPEX close to Rs.2 to 3 crores because at the existing nacelle manufacturing
facilities we would earmark a certain area for that. CAPEX is absolutely minimal and minor assembly
shop which is required, Technology license fee would be structured over the next l2 months. CAPEX
perspective otherwise it is only Rs.l-2-3 crores, nothing significant. With respect to the timelines for
manufacturing product, I think we would expect to start manufacturing ECSs over the next 9 to 12-
months as we are not establishing a new manufacturing facility. We would use our existing
manufacturing facility and earmark an area for the production of ECSs, it could happen very quickly
in the next l2 months.
How much savings in terms of margin if you have done some internal working, could you....?
I cannot give you exact numbers but I think typically with these electrical control system components,
margins in this could be in excess of 20-25o/o in the savings which could accrue to us in terms of in-
house manufacturing of ECSs
Second question is on the broader terms. Since the imports constitute almost 60% of the total raw
material cost since now you are working to reduce the import, so do you have any number in mind by
how much percentage you want to bring the imports down over the next 2 to 5-years?
So I think the broad numbers you are talking are not correct, I am not sure where your numbers have
come from' I think from the cost of turbine perspective the import constitutes about 35% of the
overall turbine cost... imports in terms of the entire turbine which is the blade, the tower, the nacelle
and the entire EPC piece to manufacture the Turbine. Both are about 35%-odd, not 60%, #l; #2, 1
think for us we have a supply chain spread across Europe, China and Indi4 at the end of the day we
keep increasing or decreasing the sourcing from different suppliers depending on where savings
accrue the most, for example, if Euro strengthens very-very significantly we will increase dollar
sourcing, ifdollar strengthens very significantly we will increase Euro sourcing. But having said that
we also have a lot of Indian sourcing, but for certain components the sourcing from overseas
inespective of the dollar-euro is still significantly cheape#l from a quality perspective imported
components are far more credible as opposed to some of the Indian components. Having said that I
think with what we have done on the ECS front and a couple of other things which we are working on
I think overall our dollar-euro mix is up to about 25%o going forward. I think we kind of stay at that
number thereafter.
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Sanghvi from Ba;aj Allianz.
Please proceed.
Just coming back to same question in terms of savings, so we will be saving 20 toZ1%oof ECS cost, is
that understanding right?
Gaurav Sanghvi:
Page 4 of 10

W
EnergizinglNDlA
Deepak Asher:
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Call"
December 18,2015
No, frankly, I do not think it is correct at this point of time to labor too much on the savings, yes, there
would be savings, "how much they would exactly be" is something that we would probably put out in
the public domain a bit later, I think what Devansh mentioned was just a very broad kind of off the
cuff kind of assessment. The objective in this case was more to do with security than savings and that
certainly has been achieved, and as I say, yes, there would be savings and what to quantum they
would be is something that I do not think we should discuss at this stage because this would be in a
sense forward-looking statements that I am not comfortable sharing at this stage.
So in this case we will be paying some royalty to AMSC or we have paid any one-time charges to
AMSC for ....?
Yes, while we have agreed to pay a license fee which is as Devansh mentioned roughly about $12
million and this is going to be paid in stages as the technology is transf'erred to us from now till
possibly over the next l2-months till the manufacturing facility for the ECS is fully commissioned.
So this would be one-time payment and after that once we get this technology there would not be any
recurring payment?
That is conect.
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Chintan Seth from SKS Capital and
Research. Please proceed.
You mentioned CAPEX for the unit will be 2-3 crores and licensing fee outgo will be around $12
million over the next l2-months?
That is correct.
You mentioned that imports currently stands at around 35% of the cost of the Turbine. So how much
ofthat percentage is cunently ECS cost on a rough basis?
It would be about 8o/oto l0o/o.
So you do not want to dwell on the saving part. So we expect significant saving from 8 to l0%
conring down or we...?
I think Mr. Asher has already mentioned that, I think most important for us was to secure long-term
security over that. I mentioned that these are proprietary critical products, so margins typically in
these products are very high when you get it from a third-party, so obviously once you meet it
internally, there would be significant savings to us. I do not think it is appropriate to start discussing
do we save 5 lakhs or l0 lakhs or 20 lakhs, I do not think that is the intention ofthis call.
On $210 million what AMSC is showcasing on their press release, what they are saying is that over
the next 3 to 4-years the supply agreement value is around $210 million?
Gaurav Sanghvi:
Deepak Asher:
Gaurav Sanghvi:
Deepak Asher:
Moderator:
Chintan Seth:
Devansh Jain:
Chintan Seth:
Devansh Jain:
Chintan Seth:
Devansh Jain:
Chintan Seth:
Page 5 of 10

W
EnergizinglNDIA
Deepak Asher:
Chintan Seth:
Deepak Asher:
Moderator:
Abhijeet Vara:
Deepak Asher:
Devansh Jain:
Abhijeet Vara:
Devansh Jain:
Abhijeet Vara:
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Call"
December 18,2015
I think predominant part of that value is the value olthe long term supply. As I say the supply would
probably be over a period of 5 to 7-years and what their press release mentions is the value of the
supply which will happen over that period.
It does not include the licensee part ....
Includes the licensee as well, but as I said the licensee is a very small part.
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Vara from Sundaram Mutual
Fund. Please proceed.
Firstly, how frequently does the ECS technology change and will Inox Wind have access to the new
technology which will be developed by AMSC?
There continue to be some engineering improvements that keep on happening in the ECS' ftom time
to time and the current technology agreement that we have will include all such improvements that are
made in the ECSs that are used on the 2 MW platform that we cunently produce.
Again, just to clarify on that, those improvements with respect to any platforms we use with respect to
the ECS is already being supplied to the existing platforms, you do not have changes on that. The
products we are already manufacturing will have standard set processes. lfwe are going to take out
additional variants going forward those would be the changes but the technology agreement provides
for them.
And second question is AMSC's press release as you mentioned it includes $210 million. They would
of the back of their mind some long term volumes for 5-7-years tenure. So if there is any shortfall in
this long term volume, will there be any penalty on Inox wind something like that?
Again, this is an agreement which has been entered into which has no take or pay commitments, #l;
#2 if you look at it, this is simply an announcement they have made from an order backlog perspective
which any engineering company would do. What we do if we typically enter into agreements for I to
2-years and depending on the volumes which Inox Wind does, rve anyway show significant volume
from then every year given the lact that they have an exclusive right until now to supply the ECS
systems. We believe this would last about 5 to 7-years, it could potentially last 20, or it could
potentially get over in 2-years, but again to answer your question there is no penalty and there is no
take or pay commitment on this.
Regarding Sarayu Power, what I wanted to clarify was since you will be acquiring the land along with
the clearances, the wind installation will be sifting on your subsidiaries books. But would you
eventually try to sell it to an IPP or will it continue to sit in your books? And if you try to employ
similar strategy going forward in Andhra market, so will the wind installations keep accumulating in
your subsidiary book?
Let me.iust clarifr again; while I would not like to take any further questions on this because this is
more dedicated to AMSC, but we have taken over SPV because the permissions and the land is
Devansh Jain:
Page 6 of 10

W
EnergizinglNDlA
Moderator:
Mohit Kumar:
Deepak Asher:
Mohit Kumar:
Deepak Asher:
Devansh Jain:
Moderator:
Abhinav Bhandari:
Devansh Jain:
Abhinav Bhandari:
Devansh Jain:
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Call"
December 18, 2010
already sitting in the SPV. Transferring it to us first and then to a customer would have been more
costly' So by taking over the SPV we now transfer the land and the permissions directly from the SpV
to the IPP' This is not going to be sining on Inox Wind's book under any circumstances. If we.just
take our land bank, we sit on a 4,500 MW land bank this is only adding to our land bank. At the end
of it is land on which rve develop projects rvhich is always translerred to the Ipps. thev do not sit on
Inox Wind's books.
Thank you very much. Our next question is lrom the line of Mohit Kumar from IDFC Securities.
Please proceed.
A couple of clarifications sir; will the license agreement which you are paying will it be capitalized or
it will be passed through P&L in one go?
No' I think it is capitalized as a part of the ECS CAPEX for the ECS manufacturing facility and then it
will be amortized as allowed under the accounting standards.
Sir when you say we are going to collaborate to develop 3 MW Wind Turbines what do we bring to
the table -- do we invest some amount of money and have we something in mind for the next couple
of years, what kind of investment will be required from our side?
That is a bit premature at this point of time, we still need to work out the exact commercial contours
of the transaction, as of now it is more like an agreement to agree.
Again just to add to that AMSC already has multiple platforms; their 3 MW platform has been
operating globally for the past 5-years. So when we say we agree to collaborate on this is for Indian
climatic conditions, we need certain changes, minor improvements. As and when we go ahead with
that AMSC would be over that and then it would follow the typical licensees and royalty payment
structure, but you have that still some time away.
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Bhandari from Reliance Mutual
Fund. Please proceed.
Just wanted to understand there are two parts to it, right, so there is one the manufacturing that you
would be doing and the other part is the supply that AMSC would be doing. So is there any
percentage for going ahead let us say for a year as such that this much percentage you would be
manufacturing and the remaining would be a supply from them?
Typically post the first financial year in-house sourcing would be approximately 50% and AMSC
sourcing would be about 50%.
Going forward this ratio would change, is it?
For the next 6-years it would remain at that.
Page 7 of 10

W
EnergizinglNDtA
Deepak Asher:
Abhinav Bhandari:
Devansh Jain:
Moderator:
Pawan Parikh:
Devansh Jain:
Pawan Parikh:
Devansh Jain:
Pawan Parikh:
Devansh Jain:
Pawan Parikh:
Devansh Jain:
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Catt"
December 18.2015
But I think it might be fair to say about the long term you can assume 50:50 mix between in-house
manufacturing and sourcing from AMSC unless of course for some reason AMSC is unable to supply,
in which case we could always make more. As I said the objective here is more to be able to make so
that we have security of supply rather than to actually make our entire requirements.
That number of $210 million what they are putting is basically considering 50% of your volumes that
tentatively you are ....?
Possibly yes.
Thank you' The next question is from the line of Pawan Parikh from HDFC. please proceed.
Sir, basically my question is on this CAPEX Rs.2 to 3 crores which looks pretty low. So for
manufacturing of ECS is it primarily an assembly operation, we do not need any machinery an).thing
ofthat sort?
That is right, it is primarily an assembly thing and some testing equipment, probably Rs.2 to 3 crores
may be on the higher side, it might just lower than that. Please do not fbrget; we already have the
manufacturing facilities built, so we are not dealing in new manufacturing facility, the plants which
are already in Himachal Pradesh and the one in MP we will carve out certain area from that to
assemble the ECS systems, so we are not building a new civil and manufacturing structure.
The assembly operations that we will be having, so the components rvhich will be assembled, these
components will also be imported or how do we plan to procure that?
These are very small components, many of them are available in India, some of them are also
imported, obviously, I do not have the split up, what is imported, think of it as a computer screen; you
got so many small circuits, these are the things which are assemblecl into a electric control system. So
many of them would be available in India and some of them would certainly be imported.
Secondly on the 3 MW Turbine just want to understand what could be possibly the best case scenario
we can launch this product in India may be say I-year down the line, 2-year, anything on that sort?
Again premature, but r.r'hen we could ideally launch it within a year, but I think markets are not ready
for that at this point in time, but I think over the next l8 to 24-months we should be able to launch it.
Whenever we launch the 3 MW will we have to upgrade any of our existing manufacturing facilities
to be compatible with 3 MW thing or. . . ?
No, we do not need to upgrade the nacelle and the tower plant, but obviously depending on the
variants of the blade, we need to bring in more molds. So that is an evolution, if you are going to
make 100 meters, now you are going to make 130 meters blades you need to keep adding molds to
manufacture this, Plants do not need an upgrade.
Thank you' The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from Axis Capital. please proceed.
Moderator:
Page 8 of 10

W
Energizing !NDtA
Bhavin Vithlani:
Devansh Jain:
Moderator:
(Jonas Bhutta):
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Cail"
December 1 O, 201 s
A question more on the 3 MW. what we have seen is technology in wind actually changes. So if you
could give us a perspective like what we understand pre2006:07 2 MW was actually a very small
part of the market and now it is more of a stable product. Do you believe given that the competition
from the solar has been intensifying, this is the answer for the wind industry so that the cost of power
generation can be lowered over time as you move higher, is my understanding correct,i
I think there are two parts to that question and I will answer that in two ways; #1, flom a product
poftfolio perspective, 2 MW will remain the workhorse in India, it is not going to become 3 MW
simply because logistically it is not possible to make 3 Mw the workhorse in India. you go to higher
turbine, larger turbine with larger rotar diameter to reduce cost of energy, and in the larger turbine
with the same rotar diameter does not reduce the cost of energy. while we plan to launch the 3MW
eventually in India because we have got certain pockets of large sites of 300 MW site in Gu.jarat,300
MW site in Rajasthan where it is economic, we just put a one or two mold facility and supply to those
sites the larger turbine. So the 3 MW would probably be a fairly small part of the entire volurne that
we do' we got 93 meter rotar diameter on the 2 MW platform, we got 100 rotar diameter on the 2
MW platform and now we are launchingthe ll3, now ll3 is not something which can go pan India, it
is going to go to may be 35-40o/o of the sites. Similarly, when we launch the I Mw with larger rotar
diameter, it is going to be in limited parts of India., I think regarding solar we need to do an apple-to-
apple comparison. If someone wants to make a20%oretum in wind and someone is happy making a
l07o retum in solar' cost of power rvill be completely different. For example the best thing ivhich I
keep hearing all the time is solar is at 4.63. Please keep in mind people are assuming very aggressive
assumptions to make a l4%o-odd in best case scenario in equity return whereas in wind at about Rs.5
or 4.5,4.7, they are making 20%oplus equity IRR. So if you want to do an appre-to-appre people are
happy making l4o4 retums, wind could possibly drop to 3.7. Now that is not the case. So again I think
we should not get too carried away with this media reports and headline value. Fact is we continue to
grow significantly, in fact' solar is now changing from an IPP game to a very-very big players where
you have got very-very long'term venture capital funds, pension funds coming in and investing in
300 Mw sites or 500 Mw sites. we would not dwell into specifics but we have already seen many
IPPs who were looking at solar space completely exiting that space and shifting back to wind. so I
think they are completely different baskets in terms of guys rvho want to make those very
insignificant returns and then guys who want to make significant returns. So honestly I think wind is
still the most competitive source, gives at least 20%o higher returns than solar, so we are talking of
different baskets of products.
Thank you very much. The next question is lrom the line of Jonas Bhutta from phillip capital. please
proceed.
Sir, just a question on product guarantee. Basically we understood that you have back-to-back
alrangements with your suppliers for every equipment that they supply to you. Now in the case of the
ECS which will be manufactured here in India, that is a 50%o component, will the guarantee lie with
you or still with AMSC?
So obviously for the part of AMSC supply of 50% we will have back-to-back guarantee there, for the
50% being manufactured in-house there would not be a back-to-back guarantee, but please do not
Devansh Jain:
Page 9 of 10

W
EnergizinglNDlA
Moderator:
Chintan Seth:
Devansh Jain:
Chintan Seth:
Devansh Jain:
Moderator:
Deepak Asher:
"lnox Wind Limited Conference Call"
December 18, 201 5
forget, for some components that we source we will have back-to-back guarantee and over and above
that for the blade and towers which rve make in-house and now for the ECS which we will make in-
house, we have already taken industrial all risk insurance policy, which covers any manulacturing
defect at our end.
Thank you' The next question is from the line of Chintan Seth from SKS Capital & Research.
When I look at your indigenous and imported cost of raw material from the annual report, it tells us
lhat 630/o is imported and 360/o of the total raw materials cost comes from India in indigenous part, you
mention 35%o. Am I missing something here?
I mentioned to you the cost of a turbine; cost of turbine includes not.just the nacellle, blade, tower or
material it includes the entire EPC, it includes all the manufacturing expenses so on and so forth.
From that perspective, in terms of cost of turbine, we import about 35%
So from the accounting perspective, as you reported around Rs.l800 odd crores ofyour raw material
consumed during the year, how much percentage will be ECS here?
Again' I did mention to you I would get into the specific, but I did mention about 35%-odd of the cost
of turbine is imported and ECS is about 8-10%.
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the
management of lnox Winds for closing remarks. Over to you.
Once again' thanks very much to all of you. As I mentioned, the objective of these agreements was
primarily to get security in terms of being able to not having a disruption in our operations in the
unlikely event that something were to go wrong rvith AMSC, ability to supply us the ECS', because
till now we were dependent on them as a sole source and this was a cause for concern for us as well as
I would imagine for the investors as well. So, in that sense, we have diversified our source of ECS
supply and about l2 months time we will be able to make the ECS ourselves and therefore, if
something were to go wrong in terms of AMSC's ability to supply ECS'our operation would not be
stranded. The spin off advantage of that security also is a fact that the cost of production of the ECS,
when we make them ourselves would be lower than what we currently buy them for and hence there
would also be cost reduction and hence necessarily margin expansion once we are able to produce the
ECS' ourselves. And third, of course, as Devansh mentioned, we have established a longer-term
relationship with the AMSC in agreeing to collaborate on the 3 MW Turbine which gives us a clear
headway in terms of access to the technology once Indian market is ready for that technology. So we
are moving ahead of w'hat the market is and rve are ensuring that in the foreseeable future as well we
will remain on the cutting edge olwind turbine technology.
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of Motilal Oswal Securities, that concludes today,s
conference call. Thank you all forjoining us and you may disconnect your lines now.
Moderator:
Page 10 of 10
