?o 1€ i- o{ 6
e
rel 
'
To,
The Assistant Manager,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400051
NationalStock Exchange of India Limited Bombay Stock Exchange Limited,
Listing Department, 'Exchange Plaza' , 
Corporate Relationship Department,
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
1.t floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
To,
The General Manager,
DalalStreet,
Mumbai- 400001
February 23,2016
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call of Kolte-Patil Developers Ltd.
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ
BSE Code and Scrip Gode: 9624 and 532924
Dear Sir/Madam,
Please find enclosed transcript of earnings call held on 15 February 2016 of Kolte-Patil
Developers Limited for the quarter ended December 31, 2015.
This is for your information and record, please.
Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the same.
opers Limited
Vinod Patil
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Membership No. A13258
Encl:As above
KOLTE-PATI L DEVELOPERS LTD.
CIN ; 145200PN1991 PLC1 29428
pune Regd. Office r 2nd Floor, City Point, Dhole Patil Road, Pune - 41 1 001, Maharashtra, India Tel,: +91 20 5522 5500 Fax : +91 20 5522 551 1 Web : www,koltepatil,com
Bangalore0ffice:22 / 11,1stFloor, ParkWest,Vittal MalyaRoad, Bangalore- 550001 IndiaTel.:+91 -80 - 2224 3135,22242803,4937 4444 Fax:+91 - 80'22120554
Creation, not construction.
6v<
6(Pune)
QVs
'l!,

Pa 14 L.F 6
Kolte Patil Developers Limited
Q3FY16 Earnings Gonference Call Transcript
February 15,2016
Moderator:
Shiv Muttoo:
Gopal Sarda:
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Q3 FY16 Earnings
Conference Call of Kolte Patil Developers. As a reminder, all participants' lines will
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
afterthe presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference
call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone telephone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like hand the
conference over to Mr. Shiv Muttoo of CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Thank you, Darryl. Good Evening, Everyone and Thank You for joining us on the Q3
FY16 Conference Call of Kolte Patil Developers Limited. We have with us today the
company's management team represented by Mr. Gopal Sarda and Mr. Atul Bohra.
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in today's
discussion maybe fonrard-looking in nature and may involve some risks and
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available on the Q3 FY16 Results
Presentation that has been provided to all of you earlier.
lwould now invite Mr. GopalSarda to begin the proceedings on the call. Thank you.
Good Evening, Everyone. A Very Warm Welcome to Everyone Present and Thank
You for Joining Us Today to Discuss the Operating and Financial Performance of
the Company for the third quarter ended 31s December 2015.
The onground scenario continues to be sluggish where consumer sentiment
remains subdued and buyers are still deferring their decision cycle. We have still
managed to record 0.52 mn.sq.ft. of new area sales during the quarter as compared
to 0.46 mn.sq.ft. in the last quarter. Our average price realization stood at Rs.5,863
per sft. translating into a new sales value of Rs.304 crore in Q3 FY16 compared to
Rs.282 crore recorded last quarter. collections were at Rs.187 crore.
A significant development during the quarter was the Rs.120 crore codevelopment
agreement with Metropolitan Lifespace, JP Morgan Asset Management entity for our
Mumbai redevelopment project, Jay Vijay Society. The transaction is a big positive
for us in terms of acceptance of our project in the market with our association with
the global leader. Given that we are receiving a significant portion of the payment
upfront, we have financial closure in place and we can time the sales of the balance
inventory in such a way as to extract strong average realization from the project.
lmportantly, for us the transaction drives strong momentum to our Mumbai
operations which is expected to be a significant part of our growth strategy going
forward and willenhance our RocE. The socieg members at Jay-Vijay have been
vacated and shore piling work is in progress. The launch of the project is planned in
Page 1 of5

P" 3* 3 o{ 6
Moderator:
AnilKini:
Gopal Sarda:
AnilKini:
Gopal Sarda:
Anil Kini:
Gopal Sarda:
Anil Kini:
Gopal Sarda:
Q4 FY16. our first project, Link Palace, is tracking well and project completion is
expected in the next 18-24-months.
we also completed the buyout of 100% stake in our corolla project. we saw an
increase in our debt position as a result of this transaction. This is one of our
established projects targeted at the MIG segment and a strong volume driver for the
company. overall cash flow visibility from Phase-ll and Phase-lll, totaling 3 mn.sq.ft,
is to the tune of Rs.550€00 crore over the next 4-S-years making it an attractive
proposition. All approvals are in place and Phase-ll of the projects is currently under
execution.
Coming to our financial performance in Q3 FY16, revenue stood at Rs.165 crore as
compared to Rs.155 crore in Q2 FY16 and Rs.220 crore in e3 Fylo. e3 last year
included Rs.36 crores from sale of ready commercial project, Alyssa, in Bengaiuru.
EBITDA came in at Rs.43 crore as compared to Rs. 41 crore lasi quarter and Rs.OO
crore in Q3 FY15. Profit after tax stood at Rs.13.4 crore as compared to Rs.13.2
crore last quarter. We expect our financial performance to improve going fonrard as
greater proportion of 100o/o owned projects and higher margin projects come up for
revenue recognition.
To conclude, the on-ground realities continue to be weak. ln these times, we are
focusing on driving operational efficiencies through tight cost control. Our launch
pipeline is strong and majority of our product portfolio is in the lower than Rs.1 crore
ticket size which finds better visibility with buyers.
With that, I thank you for the participation in this earnings call and your continued
interest in Kolte Patil. I would like to now ask the moderator to open the line for
questions for further discussion.
Thank you very much. we will now begin the euestion-and-Answer session. our
first question is from the line of Anil Kinifrom Envision capital. please go ahead.
What would be un-booked revenue till date right now?
Right now it would be around Rs. 2,000 crore.
When.you are saying that your financials will improve going forward because 100%
owned projects and high margin projects will come in would you like to give some
guidance going ahead probably?
This year we have given a guidance of around Rs. 750 crore with a maximum
deviation of 5-7o/o. For FY17, it all depends upon the response to the new launches.
we areexpecting to launch wakad in e4 Fy16 and in ei rytz, we are expecting to
launch Rl sector in our township Life Republic. so hopefully we would expeci to
maintain the same momentum going foruard. However,'if we get a better response
out of the new launches then the financial parameters are exp6cted to show drastic
improvement.
What are the realizations that you are expecting in Wakad?
Minimum Rs. 6,000 per sft. plus.
You will be launching the project in the third week of February, right?
Yes, that is correct.
Page 2 of 5

AnilKini:
Gopal Sarda:
Anil Kini:
GopalSarda:
Anil Kini:
GopalSarda:
AnilKini:
Gopal Sarda:
Anil Kini:
GopalSarda:
AnilKini:
GopalSarda:
Moderator:
Varun Joshi:
?o1e \o[ 6
What would be our consolidated debt position as of now?
As of 31s December, 2015, the consolidated debt position is around Rs.605 crore.
How do you see this shaping up over next one quarter and next one year, what is
the plan on the debt side?
lf you can see, clearly this quarter itself the debt has gone up by more than Rs. 200
crore. There are three reasons - one is we have completed our Corolla buyout,
second is we have incurred some expenses towards premiums, TDR purchase ano
pre-launch expenses towards wakad; and the last is we have deployed' some money
for.M_umbai expansion. As you can see in the Corolla Project itdeffilwe are going to
sell 3 mn.sq.ft. in next 4-5-years, out of which 0.55 mn.s{.ft. we have atrealy s6u.
So in total Rs. 600 crore free cash flow before tax are expecting from Corolla itself.
Therefore cash flow visibility is quite strong. over a period oJ time you will see
reduction in the debt.
whgn y9u say you have deployed more money for Mumbai expansion, so can you
just brief as to what exactly are we doing?
so there are.two p0ects - one is Link palace and the other is Jay Vijay. since we
have got all the approvals, so we have to incur expenses towards corpus, rental and
we have to pay the upfront amount towards the premium. so in Jay-yj"t we have
deployed around Rs.15-16 crore towards premium charges and around jti. zz crore
towards corpus and rental. For Link Palace another Rs.15-17 crore towards the
premium and TDR purchase.
How much would you have received from the Jp Morgan deal upfront?
Upfront we have received Rs. 45 crore.
How much of the debt portion has increased because of Mumbai when you are
saying your debt has increased because of Mumbai expansion?
You can consider around Rs.35-38 crore.
At the same time you have received Rs. 45 crore, right?
Yes, I will give you a clarity on this; lln order to get the full loD, we have to incur
huge expenses towards TDR, premiums such ai open deficiency premium, stair
case and lobby premium, then towards corpus, rentals, stamp dud payments, . so
out of the total investment, Rs. 45 crore has been contributed by'Jp Morgan
andbalance we have put in as our own contribution. For this particular, Jay-VTjay
Project, our economic share is around 1,Os,ooo sq.ft. as a saleable area,'ouiof
which we are expecting Rs. 250-255 crore as a totai top line and the entire cost of
the project for us is around Rs.160 crore. so you can expect the free cash flows of
around Rs. 90-95 crore in next 30-36-months'time.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Joshi from Religare. please
go ahead.
The gross debt that you mentioned is around Rs. 605 crore and I am assuming that
does not include the convertible debentures in Tuscan and the Kondhwa projects.
lf we were to consider that then what would that number look like?
Page 3 of 5

P"1 e
o[ G
Atul Bohra:
Moderator:
Nicolas Degraaf:
Atul Bohra:
Nicolas Degraaf:
Atul Bohra:
Nicolas Degraaf:
AtulBohra:
Moderator:
Praneeta Deshmukh:
AtulBohra:
Gopal Sarda:
Praneeta Deshmukh:
GopalSarda:
That is included in Rs.607 crore. Without considering the convertible debentures in
Tuscan and Kondhwa projects and the cash and cash equivalents and current
investments, the net debt number is Rs.415 crore.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nicolas Degraaf. Please go ahead.
I have got a question on slide #13 of the Presentation. In the table I see that the
Downtown project in Kharadi has been reduced by 0.5 mn.sq.ft. My question was
why has that been reduced and what are your plans on the remainder 0.5 mn.sq.ft.
now?
We have simply bifurcated the entire project into the sanction in hand and the
upcoming area. So there is no change in the total saleable area. We have just added
0.5 mn.sq.ft. in upcoming rather than keeping into sanction in hand.
Why has that been changed then now in the table?
Just to have a clear visibility on the sanction side. So if you refer slide #18 we added
that upcoming area into our future developable potential.
I thought the entire area had been launched, but that is not the case anymore I
understand?
The entire project is launched, only difference is that 0.s mn.sq.ft. is yet to get
sanctions. That is why we just bifurcated it. To conclude, I guess the total saleable
area for this particular project is 1.85 mn.sq.ft., out of which 1.32 mn.sq.ft. is
sanctioned and balance 0.5 mn.sq.ft. we are expecting approvals in e2 Fy17.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praneeta Deshmukh from Aditya
Birla Finance. Please go ahead.
I have two questions; first, the employee related expense for both the quarters have
decreased. why would be this because is there an employee layoff or something
happening in the company? Secondly, how is the response of Life Republic
Township Project in Pune?
There are a few of the incentive provisions which in this quarter got reversed. That
is a simple reason. There is no layoff per se, there is no reduction in the headcount.
They are simply the old provisions of incentive which are getting adjusted in this
quarter.
As far as Life Republic response goes, ln phaseJ we were having 3.4 mn.sq.ft., out
of which 3.21 mn.sq.ft., has been already sold. we have a lot of bookings or
response coming for the project but we do not have new inventory. so the moment
we will launch R1 sector along with the fresh two and three BHK product mix, I think
the traction would be far better. Even after having less inventory, every month we
are selling around 15-25 units over there, that too with an APR of Rs.5,600 plus. so
the response is quite good over there.
The construction of the other phase would start in Q1 Fy17?
Yes, R1 Phase will start Q1 FY17 onwards, rest all 3.4 mn.sq.ft. we have already
started with the possession. lt is at the final and finishing stages.
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the floor over
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.
\\-t -'J'--
q
,r lo/!
{/
?i,
:?\
Page 4 of 5

Gopal Sarda:
Moderator:
?"1n 6 o{ 6
Thank you once again for your interest and support. we will continue to stay
engaged.
In."n.! y!! very much members of the management. Ladies and Genflemen, on
behalf of Kolte Patil Developers that concludeJ this conference call. Thank yo, fot
joining us and you may now disconnect your tines.
Page 5 of 5
