
Rico Auto reported a 27 percent fall in total income to Rs 
258.77 crore while the profit after tax (PAT) came in at Rs 
8.76 crore as against Rs 160.2 crore in a same period a 
year ago. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Arvind Kapur, CMD of 
the company says lower trading income led to fall in 
revenues in the quarter ended December 31.  
 
 
 
 
 
Hero’s new products, especially in the scooter segment, 
will benefit Rico as well in terms of sales, says Kapur. The 
company’s 30-32 percent revenues come from Hero. 
Going forward, Kapur says the target is to grow by 15-20 
percent in the coming year. The company will cross Rs 
250 crore mark in exports in FY16 and expects a 15 
percent export growth in FY17.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Below is the verbatim transcript of Arvind Kapur's 
interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-
TV18. 
 
 
Sonia: It's been a weak quarter for you; your revenues 
are down not just in Q3 but for nine months as a whole as 
well. What is the outlook going ahead and how weak is 
demand?  
 
A: I do not think you can compare the turnover apple to apple 
because last year a lot of items were assembled and traded, so 
there is hardly any validation. However, we did removed Rs 120 
crore of that trading that use to take place every year.  
 
But if you look at this year, while the margins have gone up 
primarily because of its direct contribution to whatever has 
happened and if I remove those addition sales, our sales have 
gone up for December '15. We will not be touching the absolute 
number but whatever our own contribution is, will go up. 
 
 
Latha: So you are saying is that you are not trading 
anymore; that trading income is not included? 
 
 
A: Yes, we are not trading anymore. The trading was part of 
assembling that we were doing in some of the components and 
those components were customer directed and we were buying 
from outside and assembling the components. So that we did not 
do last year and that's the reason we see the sale coming down.  
 

Sonia: But how has demand been and can you give us an 
apple to apple comparison now that this trading income 
will not be there. What could be the growth in revenues 
in FY17? 
 
A: We are still making budget on that and we are taking all the 
figures from the customers but we hope to grow by the current 
level of whatever we are at the moment. Our target is to grow by 
at least 15 percent next year, if not 20; a lot depends on exports 
which are taking place.  
Our exports are going up and this year we should be crossing 
almost Rs 250 crore and next year there should be a growth of 
about 15 percent in exports.  
On the domestic front we are going up in the components that 
we are manufacturing. Fortunately our customer Hero Motocorp, 
the new launches that they have done, they are doing 
exceedingly well; the scooters that they have launched and we 
think that our contribution into the scooter would also go up and 
our sales should go up. 
 
 
Sonia: What is the percentage that you get from Hero 
because Hero has been facing quite a bit of sluggishness 
as well? There has been not too much of a pickup in rural 
demand. How much of your revenue comes from Hero? 
 
 
A: Almost 32 percent of our revenue comes from Hero. 
 
 
 
