
   
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
January 27, 2016

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator:  
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Godrej Consumer Products Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ line will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Sachdeva from HSBC Securities. Thank you 
and over to you.  
Amit Sachdeva: 
Good Evening, everyone. Welcome to the Godrej Consumer Products Limited Q3 FY16 
Conference Call hosted by HSBC Securities. We have with us Mr. Adi Godrej -- Group 
Chairman along with the management team to discuss the Q3 FY16 Results and answer 
any questions you may have. Over to you, sir. 
Adi Godrej: 
Thank you Amit and good evening. I welcome you to the Godrej Consumer Products 
Limited conference call to discuss the performance for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. 
Joining me are Vivek Gambhir (Managing Director), Omar Momin (Head, Africa and 
M&A), V. Srinivasan (CFO and Company Secretary) and Sameer Shah (Head Finance 
(India, SAARC) and Investor Relations). 
In a challenging operating environment, we have delivered a resilient and competitive 
performance in 3QFY16. Our consolidated organic constant currency sales growth of 9% 
and EBITDA growth of 19% are well ahead of the market growth.  
After a couple of quarters of an uptick in volume growth, 3Q for the Indian FMCG industry 
witnessed a slowdown in growth sequentially versus the previous two quarters. In this 
difficult environment our India business sustained its volume growth leadership with a 
growth of 9%.  
Other emerging markets in 3Q also witnessed softness in consumer demand. In particular, 
our key international market, Indonesia, continues to have flat FMCG industry growth. In 
this volatile scenario, our international business too performed reasonably well with an 
organic constant currency sales growth of 9%. Operating earnings growth was ahead of 
sales growth across most of our geographies aided by lower commodity costs, calibrated 
price hikes, stringent cost management and the effective leveraging of brand platforms. 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
I will now recap our key business imperatives and assess how we have performed on these 
priorities during the quarter. After this, I will discuss the highlights of our financial 
performance during the quarter. We will then be happy to answer your questions. 
One of our most important imperatives is to extend leadership in our core categories - home 
care, personal wash and hair care. We remain focused on delivering superior ahead of the 
market growth, driving consumption and penetration in our core categories, as well as 
extending into attractive adjacencies. In our India business, we have delivered a 
competitive and profitable performance with a branded net sales growth of 8% and a 
volume growth of 9%.  
Our Household Insecticides business sustained its double-digit volume growth 
momentum and delivered sales growth of 15%. The success of our new launches, effective 
communication and superior on ground execution have aided this strong and ahead of the 
category growth. We have consistently gained market share across formats and ended the 
quarter with our highest ever market share. We are taking various initiatives to drive 
category penetration and develop the market. Our gross margins continue to benefit from 
lower crude oil prices and have improved significantly. 
Our Soaps business maintained its mid-single digit volume growth in a highly competitive 
environment. However, this was offset by deflationary pressures, resulting in a value 
growth of 2%. As part of our focus to premiumise our portfolio, we have launched Godrej 
No. 1 Nature Soft - Glycerin & Honey variant in the winter soap space. Cinthol, our 
premium soap brand, maintains its strong performance and leads volume and value 
growth. We remain competitive on sales promotion investments, in a low commodity cost 
environment. Our gross margins during the quarter benefited from lower palm oil prices 
and have improved significantly. 
The sales of Hair Colours declined by 1% this quarter. While Godrej Expert Rich Crème 
recorded a growth in the high teens, powder hair colour growth declined due to channel 
destocking. This was caused by up-stocking towards the end of the previous quarter, ahead 
of price hikes and a decline in value growth due to price-off trade offers. This is a temporary 
dip and we expect growth rates to stabilise from next quarter onwards. Our Expert Rich 
Crème brand continues to gain market share and lead distribution reach and household 
penetration in the crème category. During the quarter, we introduced Godrej Expert Rich 
Crème in a multi-application pack priced at INR 120 and also launched a new 
advertisement campaign. 
In addition to sustaining our leadership positions in our core categories, we are also 
strengthening our presence in our emerging categories.  
Our Air Freshener brand, Godrej aer, continues to perform well, aided by innovative 
product offerings and various consumer engagement initiatives. Godrej aer continues to 
gain market share and is now the number one player in the home sprays air care market 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
on an exit market share basis. We believe there is huge potential to drive penetration in the 
air care segment. So, we recently launched Godrej aer pocket, which targets the bathroom 
space. We believe that this launch will further extend our leadership in the air fresheners 
category.  
Our Health and Wellness portfolio of Godrej Protekt hand washes and hand sanitiser has 
been successfully introduced in the general trade and the initial response has been 
encouraging. We believe that the hand wash and sanitiser categories have a lot more room 
to grow, given changing consumer needs and increased awareness of hygiene levels.  
Our BBLUNT range of premium hair care and styling products have been launched in 
modern trade and premium general trade outlets. We remain optimistic about the growth 
opportunities in the premium hair care market. 
The second pillar of our strategy is to drive growth in our international business, guided 
by our three by three strategy, of focusing on three core categories of home care, personal 
wash and hair care in the emerging geographies in Asia, Africa and Latin America. We 
believe that these emerging market geographies hold tremendous long-term potential. Our 
strategy in these markets will be to drive innovation led growth in the categories where we 
are leaders and have a competitive advantage. 
Our biggest international business, Megasari in Indonesia, delivered a competitive 
performance with a constant currency sales growth of 3%. This was despite the high base 
of 27% growth in 3QFY15. FMCG industry growth in Indonesia continues to remain flat, 
impacted by the overall macroeconomic challenges in the country. Our operating margins 
(EBITDA) increased by 490 bps year-on-year, driven by calibrated price hikes, lower 
commodity costs and the optimisation of marketing investments.  
Our Africa business, where we have business presence in countries in East, West and 
Southern Africa, delivered strong growth led mainly by 20% constant currency growth in 
our Darling business. Overall, Africa business EBITDA margin declined by 100 bps year-
on-year led by upfront investments in marketing and sales infrastructure.  
Our Latin America business delivered healthy sales and profitability growth. We sustained 
our robust sales growth momentum with a growth of 28%, in constant currency terms. This 
was driven by a strong performance in Argentina. Our EBITDA margin increased by 670 
bps led by better gross margins and the effective leveraging of brand platforms.  
Our European business, also delivered a competitive performance with a constant currency 
sales growth of 10% led by strong growth in our owned brands portfolio. Our operating 
margins (EBITDA), declined by 40 bps year-on-year due to higher brand and infrastructure 
investments.  

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Our third strategic pillar is to accelerate the pace of innovation and strengthen our brand 
portfolio. Innovation is a key driver of our growth strategy and it is our endeavor to delight 
our consumers with superior quality, world class products at affordable prices. We have 
consistently introduced several new disruptive products and renovations. In India, we 
launched Godrej aer pocket, a multi-application pack of Godrej Expert Rich Crème hair 
colour, Godrej Nupur Coconut Henna Crème, Good knight Fast Card, Xpress and Neem 
low smoke coil, a Godrej No.1 Nature Soft - Glycerin & Honey variant and new variants in 
Cinthol. We also launched our Protekt range in general trade and made a foray into 
premium hair care with BBLUNT.  
In our international businesses too, we had several new launches, such as new styles in 
Darling hair extensions, an ammonia free hair colour for Illicit, a Pamela Grant make up 
range extensions in Chile, new variants for Stella air fresheners and Hit household 
insecticides in Indonesia and a new range of Soft & Gentle deodorants. We also have a 
robust pipeline of innovative products to be launched over the next few quarters that will 
aid stronger growth and market share gains.  
Our fourth strategic pillar is to create a future ready sales organisation for our India 
business. We are driving multiple initiatives to enhance our go-to-market approach. We 
are piloting Project Rural One and Project E-cube to accelerate growth rates and leverage 
lower penetration in a few of our categories. Our focus will be on generating demand and 
extracting more from rural while simultaneously expanding our coverage and improving 
our distribution effectiveness. For the quarter, rural growth continued to be ahead of urban 
growth and remains an important focus for us.   
Our fifth pillar is to build a global best-in-class supply chain. Leveraging a global, best-in-
class supply chain to become more agile, is imperative for us. We are strengthening and 
enhancing supply chain processes across our businesses. We are also leveraging our global 
scale to optimize our procurement costs. On ‘Project PI’, our cost transformation project, 
we have made good progress and expect to see continued impact over the coming quarters. 
I am pleased to share that GCPL has been ranked on CDP India’s Climate Disclosure 
Leadership Index 2015.  
The sixth pillar of our strategy is to foster an agile and high performance culture. We take 
much pride in fostering an outstanding workplace and are fully committed to providing 
our team members with great careers, great rewards and a great work environment. We 
are also benchmarking ourselves against best-in-class global perspectives and becoming 
world-class in our approach to attracting, developing and retaining talent. 
GCPL was ranked the number 1 FMCG company to work for in India in the Great Place to 
Work Survey 2015. We ranked number 14 on the Great Place to Work – Best Workplaces in 
Asia 2015 list and were featured among Aon Hewitt’s Best Employers in India 2015.  
I will now cover the highlights of our financial performance.  

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
For the quarter ended December 31, 2015, in organic constant currency terms, our 
consolidated net sales increased by 9% along with a stronger operating earnings growth of 
19%.  
Our India business reported sales increased by 8% on a year-on-year basis led by double-
digit volume growth in Household Insecticides and robust mid-single digit volume growth 
in Soaps.  
Our international operations, which accounted for little less than half of our consolidated 
turnover during the quarter, recorded an organic constant currency sales growth of 9%.  
Our consolidated gross margins expanded by 450 basis points, aided by lower input costs, 
calibrated price hikes and cost saving initiatives. Our consolidated EBITDA margins of 
19.5%, expanded by 160 basis points led by better margins in our India, Indonesia and Latin 
America businesses.  
In India, EBITDA increased by 18% and margins expanded by 180 basis points year-on-
year. This strong expansion in profitability was delivered along with a branded business 
volume growth of 9%. In our international operations, our 
 organic EBITDA margin of 
17%, expanded by 130 basis points year-on-year. Earnings per share (non-annualised) 
stood at INR 9.48 for the quarter. The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend 
of 100%, which translates into INR 1.00 per share.  
While the pace of economic recovery is slower than anticipated, we are hopeful of 
continuing our relative outperformance in the quarters ahead. Over the next few quarters, 
we will be introducing several exciting new launches to stimulate demand and extend 
leadership in our core categories. We are also enhancing our go-to-market infrastructure 
and investing strategically for the future. Overall, we expect our focus on innovation, 
distribution initiatives and superior on-ground execution to aid growth ahead of the 
market. The medium and long-term growth prospects in India and our other emerging 
markets remain robust. We believe that there is still a lot of headroom for growth across 
these markets, given the low penetration and consumption rates in our core categories. I 
am confident that with our clear strategic focus, differentiated product portfolio, superior 
execution and top-notch team, we will continue to deliver industry-leading results in the 
future. 
I now conclude my opening remarks on the quarter’s performance and open the floor for 
questions.  
 
Continue: - Q&A…  
 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Questions and Answers: 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sanjay Singh from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sanjay Singh: 
Can you give a sense of how the domestic volume growth of 9% is calculated?   
Sameer Shah: 
In terms of better understanding the category volume growth rate - Household Insecticides 
had volume growth in teens, soaps had a little higher than mid-single digit volume growth 
and Hair was mirroring the decline, which we had. Another category which becomes little 
meaningful for us in this quarter is Liquid Detergent, which is close to around 7-8% in 
terms of overall contribution to India business revenue. That category also grew more or 
less closer at the overall value growth. So if you stack up all of it, it does come to around 
9% underlying volume growth. 
Sanjay Singh: 
How would you calculate volume growth for the overall business? Is it SKU to SKU or any 
other methodology? 
Sameer Shah: 
At a higher level, it is the underlying volume growth, which most companies also use as a 
metric for calculating volume growth. The overall calculation for us happens at a level 
called ‘Design Type’, which basically is an aggregation of few SKUs 
Adi Godrej: 
In Soap, the volume growth is very easy to calculate. In other categories, the volume growth 
would be value growth adjusted for price changes. 
Sanjay Singh: 
 
Can you give a sense on the volume growth on each of the geographies or in the key 
geographies, especially given the inflationary environment in some of the currencies? 
Sameer Shah: 
 
At 9% organic constant currency growth at the International business level, around 2/3rd 
of the growth is price-led growth and 1/3rd is volume-led growth. 
 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
On the soap business, we have started seeing the PFAD prices move up in the recent past. 
So, does it impact your margins, which are at a high level right now? Are you seeing any 
signs of pricing growth coming back into the category? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
We are fairly comfortable in terms of our covers for the time being. We see no impact at 
least till Q4. We will have to wait and see what the outlook for PFAD will be going forward. 
Some of it depends on the degree of enforcement of biodiesel mandates that some countries 
have. But we don’t see much of an impact from a profitability perspective. Beyond Q4, we 
will have to wait and watch to see what implications this has on our pricing strategy. 
Adi Godrej:  
The vegetable oil price related inputs into Soap are still considerably lower than what they 
were a year ago. 
Arnab Mitra: 
With crude at almost $30 levels, should there be a further reduction in derivative prices or 
has it been built into the Q3 FY16 cost? 
Sameer Shah: 
 
Crude compared to palm has a little longer lag because we do not directly purchase it. The 
current levels of prices, if they remain as it is, will get reflected in a couple of quarters down 
the line. So for the next couple of quarters, we would see crude-led y/y expansion on the 
margin-front. 
Arnab Mitra: 
On the Air Care business, how much of the sales, currently, are institutional? Is the 
Bathroom Air Freshener, which you have launched, a bigger market than the segment of 
Air Care? 
Sameer Shah: 
Around 1/4th of our Car Air Fresheners sales would be institutional. In terms of overall 
category split, it is close to around Rs.400-450 crore, of which Home Fresheners would be 
around more than half of it, and within that half, there would be gel block, which is where 
aer pocket has been launched. 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Arnab Mitra: 
GCPL’s market share leadership in Home Air Care would be of this Rs.225 crore of market? 
Sameer Shah: 
 
We are market leader in the non-gel block part of home air fresheners’ space, which would 
be around Rs.100-150 crore.  
Arnab Mitra: 
On the Indonesia business, we are seeing very high levels of margins. Do you see a risk 
that if growth does not pick-up, you may have to invest back into the business for it to 
grow? Are the margins sustainable on an ongoing basis, especially given how the growth 
is going there? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
Our market share positions are being maintained or being increased. So, we believe, we are 
investing competitively behind brand building.  In terms of sustainability of margins, there 
is going to be the effort to try and drive profit growth ahead of sales growth. But difficult 
to give a sense on how the margins will end up evolving in the next year. 
Arnab Mitra: 
On the Africa business, how much of the Darling business growth of 20% constant 
currency, would be organic growth? Especially in Nigeria and South Africa, are you seeing 
an impact on consumer sentiment or is it that the currencies, especially in South Africa, 
have come up, but you have been able to take pricing to compensate for it? 
Omar Momin: 
Darling’s constant currency growth of 20% is completely organic. We are seeing a very 
challenging environment in terms of the overall demand sentiment in Nigeria and South 
Africa. In Nigeria, because of the crude oil situation and in South Africa, given overall 
economic sentiment. We have used this as an opportunity to consolidate our own position 
in these markets. So the market is growing for us in line with the total average and we will 
continue to do that given our local manufacturing strength as well as presence on the 
ground. 
Arnab Mitra: 
On your past few quarters’ strategy, you took a bit of lag in taking pricing to gain market 
share, so is that still playing out and is that helping the growth remain high? 
 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Omar Momin: 
 
We are constantly catching up on pricing as well, which is why we are seeing the margin 
profiles change. But even in the last quarter, the rand saw a further devaluation. So there 
will be some play between how we play in the market and the currencies. We had seen 
growth in excess of 20% over the last few quarters, which will normalize a bit but we will 
continue to try and consolidate our position. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Overall, in the quarter, it appears the organic constant currency growth for the Africa 
region has been close to 12%, which means the non-Darling business is not performing up 
to the mark. So, would this be a sustainable growth number or we can see some 
improvement? Also, could you comment on how are the new forays like Wet Hair Care 
and Household Insecticides shaping up and any sense on contribution from these? 
Omar Momin: 
 
Let me take the second question first; we have continued to build on our product portfolio 
in the Wet Hair Care space. In this last quarter, we launched a range of new relaxers in 
Kenya and we will be extending it to East Africa. So our objective of building a platform 
around the new category of Wet Hair Care continues and so far we are seeing good traction 
on that. In terms of the other parts of the Africa portfolio, we have had some issues with 
exports of Hair Colors in other parts of Africa, that is something we are correcting over this 
fiscal and should get normalized going forward. 
Latika Chopra: 
 
Should we expect low-teens to mid-teens of a constant currency organic growth in Africa? 
Adi Godrej:  
We would not like to make forward predictions and we do not give guidance, but the 
markets are doing well, fortunately. Consumer businesses are performing much better in 
most of the geographies we operate. 
Latika Chopra: 
 
Latin America margins benefited due to better gross margins and effective leveraging of 
brand platforms. Can you give more color on the aspect of brand platforms? We had taken 
operational controls for Chile in October, has that helped margins? Overall, how should 
one look at sustainable margins on a full year basis for this geography? 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
Lot of the improvements is being seen in Latin America, which is a result of a successful 
implementation of “Project Iceberg”, which was operational effectiveness improvement 
project. So improvements in Chile are not reflected yet. Going forward, our efforts will be 
to maintain the performance in Argentina and drive further improvements in Chile, now 
that we have full control. Overall, you will continue to see improvements in performance 
for all of Latin America though one has to be a little bit watchful of how the economic 
situation in Argentina evolves. But so far things are heading in the right direction and we 
should see improved performance in next year as well. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
 
For the entire FY16, what are the savings that you are likely to derive from ’Project PI’? 
Also what is your expectation of the annual savings in FY17 on this account? 
Sameer Shah: 
 
At the beginning of the year, we had set a target of FY16 exit annualized savings of around 
Rs.200 to 220 crore. We are very much on track on annualized savings target. Also, there 
are a lot of initiatives in the pipeline which becomes a very strong base for next year’s PI 
savings. So we are very optimistic in terms of rigorously focusing on some of the initiatives, 
which we have in the pipeline and also looking at some fresh ideas and initiatives to have 
this more on an ongoing basis. 
Percy Panthaki: 
From April 2015 to March 2016, what would be the savings on this? 
Sameer Shah: 
Banked savings would be close to around Rs.80-100 crore in this fiscal year. 
Percy Panthaki: 
 
So the difference between Rs.220 crore and Rs.80 - 100 crore is because the savings have 
been towards the latter half of the fiscal or is there some other difference? 
Sameer Shah: 
 
Timing differences. 
 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Percy Panthaki: 
 
What figure would you target for FY17? 
Sameer Shah: 
 
We have a very strong platform on taking some of the initiatives of FY16 into the next year. 
At this stage, we are in process of forming up as to what should be our PI aspiration for 
next fiscal year. 
Percy Panthaki: 
The margins in the Household Insecticides category are becoming attractive with the fall 
in crude, does that attract more competition and does that show up in a higher promotional 
spend rather than a pass-through on the top line? In terms of retention at EBITDA level, 
will Household Insecticides be markedly different from Soaps? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
In terms of profit margins, on a net contribution basis, Household Insecticides have a 
higher net contribution than Soaps. It also tends to be little less volatile as far as margins 
are concerned. On the Soaps business front, margins do tend to be more volatile. In terms 
of competition, the entry barriers in Household Insecticides category are quite significant 
in terms of both the R&D requirement for Insecticides along with the timeframes required 
to get new products registered by any player. So this market is fairly consolidated with 
four players in the market with over 90% market share. So it is hard to have a true sense of 
new competition, but it is much harder for newer competitors to be able to gain a foothold.  
Percy Panthaki: 
 
Within the existing competitors and the existing products, are we seeing existing players 
becoming more aggressive in the marketplace? Are we witnessing increased amount of 
promotions?  
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
It has been going for the last 2 to 3 years. There have been increased efforts by various 
players to increase the intensity. This is where the power of branding, competitive market 
investments and continued innovations along with distribution really helps us. So in terms 
of the strength of our brand, coupled with innovation and distribution, we continue to see 
consistent share gains in spite of competitive efforts. So we still feel very confident that we 
will be able to sustain the momentum going forward as well. 
 
 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Percy Panthaki: 
 
FMCG industry growth in many of GCPL’s international geographies is not that great, but 
you have been able to grow much faster than the industry and have posted handsome 
double digit constant currency sales growth. But, if this situation continues for a couple of 
more years, do you see your growth rates falling from the levels that you have been 
reporting for the last one or two quarters? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
Our internal belief is that the growth will improve going forward, in terms of focus on 
brand building, our distribution, innovation and putting a good team in place. So the 
results of the last one or two quarters is a function of investments and efforts made over 
multiple quarters before that. As we look at the innovations and the other efforts that we 
are putting in place, you will see continued momentum and improvements going forward 
as well. So, our hope is that you will see even better performance from us, going forward 
in the quarters ahead. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Prasad Deshmukh from Bank of America Merrill 
Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Prasad Deshmukh:  
In the current challenging macro-environment in Indonesia, are you finding it easy to 
achieve expansion of distribution or are there any challenges that you are facing? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
There are certain goals that we have in terms of incrementally improving distribution every 
quarter; those plans are still in place. Beyond increasing distribution, there is a lot of focus 
on improving productivity too. Similar to what we had done in India, we are going through 
a fairly extensive exercise to be able to implement handhelds with our sales team. We are 
also putting in business intelligence applications and functionality for our sales team. 
Again, in our India business over the last two years, we have seen a lot of gains coming 
from handhelds and business intelligence. That process is underway as we speak. So over 
the next few quarters, we will be able to extract more growth through just better analytics 
and science and technology in our Indonesian business. The third element is that we have 
been a little bit slow as far as new launches are concerned over the last 12-months or so. 
There will be a renewed focus on more innovations, potentially looking at some additional 
category, along with more premium offerings in our existing categories. So, a combination 
of all of these things gives us enough confidence that we will be able to significantly 
outperform whatever the market growth in Indonesia might be. 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Prasad Deshmukh:  
What exactly do you mean by consolidating position in Africa in the current macro 
environment? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
When we start seeing significant devaluation in currency, a lot of competition, at least for 
Dry Hair market, tends to be the Chinese players, who run more of a trading model. While 
the overall secular growth in the category might be more challenged; because of local 
manufacturing there are two things that we can do – one is to be far more dynamic in terms 
of launching new styles and secondly, because the relative impact of currency is bit less 
than players who are exporting into the market, we can gain shares. Looking at the market 
environment, we have been gaining a lot of share even in markets like South Africa, which 
has seen a lot of economic turmoil. So our relative position across all of these markets, 
whether in South Africa, Nigeria or Kenya is far stronger than it has ever been before. 
Prasad Deshmukh:  
In the current scenario across geographies, what is your acquisition strategy? Now if the 
targets are available at reasonable valuations, would there be a preference to go for large 
ticket acquisitions or is there too much on plate in terms of cross-pollination?  
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
We are very open to acquisitions. Our acquisition strategy is not based on the next 6-
months or one year or two years. Our acquisition approach is looking at the potential of 
the geography and the asset over the next 3 to 10 years. In that sense, our commitment to 
acquisitions is still there. We are very open to looking at both scale acquisitions or bolt-ons 
in our existing geographic footprint. At this stage, our appetite is to remain focused on our 
existing geographies. But within our existing geographies, if we find interesting assets that 
have attractive valuations and make the right strategic operations, we are open to doing 
those. 
Adi Godrej:  
We are also increasing our shareholding in many of our joint ventures. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. I, now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you and over to you. 
 
 

  
 
Investor and Analyst Q3 FY16 
Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Adi Godrej: 
Thank you. With that, we would like to bring this call to a close. Thank you all for being on 
this conference call.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HSBC Securities, that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Disclaimer - The following transcript has been edited for language, factual errors and grammar, it however may not be a verbatim representation of 
the call. 
