
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Container Corporation of India Limited 
Q3 Financial Year 2016 Results Conference Call” 
 
 
 
January 27, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
                   
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. PRATEEK KUMAR – RESEARCH ANALYST - ANTIQUE 
STOCK BROKING LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
SHRI. ANIL KUMAR GUPTA - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED 
DR. P. ALLI RANI – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) - CONTAINER 
CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the CONCOR Q3 FY 2016 Results 
Conference Call, hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask the questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance, during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prateek Kumar from 
Antique Stock Broking. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Prateek Kumar: 
Thank you. Good day ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I 
welcome you all to the Q3 FY 2016 post results conference call of CONCOR. I take this 
opportunity to thank the management of CONCOR for the call. I now hand over the call to 
Shri. Anil Gupta Ji and Dr. Alli Rani from CONCOR for their opening remarks. Over to 
you Sir and Madam! 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Good morning everybody. This is Anil Gupta, CMD, Container Corporation along with my 
Director (Finance), Alli Rani on the line. We welcome you all. You would have seen our 
results, which was announced, which was adopted by the Board on Monday. They all have 
been published and the detailed results are available on our website. 
 
This quarter has been rather a bad quarter. This was the lowest volume quarter in the last 10 
quarters. Our total handling volume was 710000; earlier worst was 661000 in Q1 of June 
2013. So our volume was down in this quarter. Everything else got related to that. 
 
Our total volume as I mentioned was 710322 TEUs. Our topline income from operations in 
this quarter was 1404.56 Crores. Our PAT in this quarter has come down to 206.11 Crores. 
There are reasons. I will go into those reasons when we discuss the detail. Up to Q3 now 
our topline is a little better than last year cumulative. Up to Q3 topline is 4327.35 Crores as 
against 4076.25 Crores marginally up by 6.16%, about the PAT bottomline we are down to 
645.92 Crores as against 754.84 Crores up to Q3 of last year. There is a drop of 14.43%. 
 
In the volumes we are down in the handling by 6.83%. Our cumulative handling was 2.18 
million last year up to Q3 and this year it has gone down to 2.18 million from 2.34 million 
last year. 
 
With these brief comments, I would declare the conference open. Please shoot your 
questions. 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question and 
answer session. We will take the first question from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from 
Phillip Capital. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Good morning Sir. Can you share the volumes in terms of EXIM and domestic and how 
was the empty running this quarter? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Our volumes in this quarter, international handling was 599506 TUEs, domestic handling 
was 110816 TEUs. Total handling was 710322 TUEs. This was basically a decline of 
7.55% in the international handling, domestic improved by 6.27%; total handling was down 
by 5.64%. As regards empty running, empty running was quite high. Our total empty flat 
payments during the quarter was 46.5 Crores as against 31.94 Crores in the Q3 of last year. 
For empties container movements, we spent 25.02 Crores this year as against 17.86 Crores 
last year, so last year in the total Q3, total empty haulage payment was 49.8 Crores. It went 
up to 71.52 Crores in this quarter. There was an increase of 43.61 Crores. Over the year, our 
empty flat payments have now aggregated to 205.61 Crores in the cumulative three quarters 
as against 149.61 Crores up to Q3 of last year, which is an increase of 37.43%. There has 
been a very high increase in the empty volumes. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Just that the reason for increasing authorized capital and the tax rate was also high this 
quarter, so these are the last two questions? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Authorized capital the company feels that we might be requiring more investments, some 
raising of the sources, or even government has issued guidelines for issuing of bonus shares, 
if you have some surplus cash, so we are still debating, so this is one of the first steps that 
we have taken, increase in the authorized capital has been proposed by the board.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Tax rate was higher compared to last year? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Tax rate actually because of the changes in the Company’s Act and the rates for as per 
Section 80 and other rates the tax rebates, tax deferments that we used to have earlier was 
not there, so there was a deferred tax credit which was there in the last Q3 quarter of almost 
29.82 Crores. It was down to 1.8 Crores this year. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
That was quite helpful. Thank you. If required I will come in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Ankur Periwal from 
Axis Capital. 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you Sir. Sir, just one clarification on the empty running movement this quarter you 
mentioned 71.8 Crores is this quarter’s full quarter number? Can you help with the breakup 
within Exim and domestic? I missed that number. 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
In Exim for flats in this year in the third quarter we incurred an expense of 43.96 Crores as 
against 24.08 Crores in the Q3 of last year. Overall Exim we have spent 122.78 Crores in 
first Q3 of this year as against 77.66 Crores which is an increase of 58.1. Now this is 
primarily because of very strange phenomenon this year that while exports did not grow 
you would know exports have actually declined for 13th month in continuation, they have 
gone down, and even imports went down tremendously during third quarter. We have done 
an analysis for our ICDs Chinese imports went down tremendously. So, we had a situation 
where sporadically we had exports, but did not get imports in the return direction and vice 
versa. Though we did stable some of the rakes, tried to minimize the empty repositioning 
but this was inevitable and therefore there was quite a substantial increase. In domestic, our 
empty flat repositioning actually reduced. We have spent 7.86 Crores in the Q3 of last year. 
This year it came down to 2.54 Crores. So, total domestic empty flat running was 19.65 
Crores in Q3 cumulative last year, it came down to 6.42 Crores. But in domestic empty 
container running went up tremendously because of that high this Q3 and last Q3 are direct 
comparison of the freight hikes that we witnessed last year. Last year in this particular 
quarter freight was almost 28% lower than the freight that we now have to pay. We were 
able to recover only around 13% we had passed on so that 15%, 14% hike, which we had 
absorbed, actually is reflecting in this quarter. In domestic on top of this freight hike we 
also had to pay this service tax because the rule in this income tax this time chased that if 
you are taking abetment you cannot take the credit. So, we were in a peculiar situation 
where we took abetment for domestic customers but we were not able to take credit because 
of which there was an additional liability and some sectors became very, very costly. As a 
result of which in containers we had spent 17.86 Crores last year in Q3 for empty container 
running. This quarter it was 25.02 Crores. Overall, for container in the first three quarters 
the empty repositioning costs have gone up from 52.31 Crores to 76.42 Crores. There is an 
increase of 41%. Therefore overall if you look at it empty running has gone up from 49.8 to 
71.52 in the quarter and 149.61 to 205.62 during first three quarters. As a percentage of 
total freight, our empty freight as compared to total railway freight that we pay was 6.02% 
in Q3 of last year; it was 8.08% in the Q3 of this year. Overall for the year, 6.38% was last 
year that we paid empty repo this year it has gone to 7.54%. 
Ankur Periwal: 
That is pretty helpful. If you can help on the rebate provisioning any change in that number? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Rebate actually volumes have gone down because there has been a very bad thing, I mean 
slight silver lining we have changed, we have saved some rebates total last year cumulative 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 5 of 20 
was 63.35 Crores in first three quarters and this year they are 49.39 Crores. So there is a 
saving of almost 14 Crores, in the Q3 rebates were 19.13 Crores last year and this year it is 
15.07 Crores. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Probably the increase in empty running has been sort of negated by the decrease in rebate as 
well essentially because our EBIT margin on a per TEU basis is broadly flat if I compare it 
versus the Q3? Any comments you would like to make on the volume front because last 
quarter the volumes were lower because the port activities were sort of stopped for a couple 
of days but this time, I presume those activities were fully operational? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Those activities there was no stoppage anywhere except for a brief stoppage in movement at 
one place, but that did not effect, this year it is basically imports going down. This year 
basically there was some stoppage in Gujarat because of floods, but it is mainly the import 
volume, which has tremendously gone down, and in fact our Q3 I will just give you the 
figures. In Q3 of last year, our imports were 350168 and this year 306805, so there was a 
drop of 12.38% in imports. Exports declined from 314962 to 292701, 7% decline in 
exports. This 12.38% drop in imports was actually killing. This came after a long time so 
while it is good for the country, but for our company it was not very good. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Just one last question on KhatUwas Terminal especially and the overall Logistics Park 
when can we expect, whether we have got all the approvals for KhatUwas? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
We are moving as per plan. KhatUwas we have got section 7, section 8 notifications. 
Section 45 is expected any day and our KhatUwas now ICD very soon. We have started 
handling domestic rakes also there. The PFT work is going on. We are handling automobile 
rakes on behalf of a company called APL VASCOR, which is a company, which has been 
set up by APL along with VASCOR of US, and they own six rakes for automobile 
transportation, which are being handled from our KhatUwas Terminal. So that terminal is 
doing very well. All of the terminals are also doing extremely well. Pantnagar, we have 
inaugurated around one and a half months back and in fact this increase in domestic in this 
quarter is primarily on account of Pantnagar. We were able to handle almost 25 trains in the 
first month itself in the place. It has come up very well. Other terminals are also under 
construction and as per schedule and we are keeping a close watch. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Great Sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Atul Tiwari from Citi 
Group. 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Atul Tiwari: 
Good morning Sir. Sir, could you share your originating volume, Exim, domestic and total? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Our originating during this quarter was 432716 for Exim, for domestic it was 54441, total 
487157. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Sir, how does the environment look over the next two quarters and is there any hope for 
recovery in the volumes in the fourth quarter or maybe the first quarter of next year. I mean 
what is the signal or the sense that you are getting? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Actually the environment continues to be pretty bad. We have been talking to all the lines. 
We are seeing hardly any sign of recovery. Imports continue to be down. I do not know 
what the issue in detail is, but we keep on hearing that the labour cost in China has gone up, 
eroded the competitiveness of Chinese exports. The result is that for everybody to see 
exports have not taken off. Every month we are hearing that now the tide will turn but it is 
not happening. This quarter we are also hearing exports dropping quite substantially, 
readymade garments exports dropping quite substantially, so this quarter we are not really 
able to see any ray of hope. We will be happy if we try and maintain what we achieved in 
Q3 slightly better than what we achieved in this Q3, but it will not be definitely anywhere 
near Q4 of last year. Q4 of last year was pretty okay, 464000 TEUs. I do not think we will 
be reaching 464 booking. So this quarter does not appear to be very promising, but we are 
gathering that the things will turn in the last quarter of this year that is what general 
consensus is. All the shipping lines and others were talking about recoveries coming in the 
last quarter. That is beyond October. We have still not firmed up our minds with the 
railways we are given a target of almost 13% plus for next year in our volumes. That is the 
guesstimate we have given, but I hope we can achieve those targets and we hope the things 
will be recovery will start much before what we feel, but talking to individual shipping lines 
and individual shippers at present does not give us confidence. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Sir, if I may ask one follow up, I mean what is driving this view that there maybe some 
recovery after October, is it mainly the base effect because by the time the volumes in this 
year obviously would have come into the base? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
That also would be true but I think there are exports, there are lot of measures that 
government has been taking recently and they have reintroduced some of the concessions 
which we have withdrawn earlier, there is talk about SEZ review, just a month back. 
Statements have been coming that SEZ some rules would be reviewed to give an impetus. 
The scene that we witness around ICD is like KhatUwas where there is this Korean and 
Japanese clusters of industries coming almost 200 industries are coming up there gives a lot 
of promise that these industries will start producing and they will add to the main stream, 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 7 of 20 
similarly, in the SIDCUL area in Pantnagar we do feel. So there are these kinds of signs in 
individual pockets where there are a lot of activities going on and we feel that once they 
start producing they start the production, everything will be going up. Plus domestic 
economy is also I think is likely to pickup because it has been very bad in the steel sector, 
iron and steel, because they have a lot of inventories, we do see that some activities like 
construction are likely to get some impetus soon, which we see increased consumption of 
steel and it will spur the local economy also. So only that and the informed talks with the 
customer give us the feeling.  
Atul Tiwari: 
Sir, last one on DFC I mean what is our sense of the progress on dedicated freight corridor? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
I am very happy. I think according to me I have been talking to DFC people. Things are 
going on very smoothly and they are talking about June 19 I think, it will be available by 
that time, full DFC. Other individual sections are coming up. They will increase the 
capacity in the meantime also so we are quite bullish about DFC. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Pulkit Patni from 
Goldman Sachs. 
Pukit Patni: 
Thanks a lot for taking my question. Sir you have mentioned that there are certain capex 
plans and more capital could be needed if you could just elaborate is it beyond the 12 to 15 
MMLPs that we planned. Is there anything else that is on the cards right now? Is it related 
to that? If you could just elaborate on the entire plans for the next two to three years? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Currently, as you would know we are well on the way to achieve those 6000 Crores that we 
had set up for the Twelfth Five year plan under which 15 MMLPs are coming. They will all 
be there. One or two facilities, which we plan, may not be there, but we have been able to 
gather some replacement facilities. So, we will have around 15 facilities up in running by 
2017. In addition, we have already identified almost more than 10 other projects, which will 
take off after these projects, which will take after these projects are completed. Those 
projects have already been identified at some places, land acquisition process has also 
started because as you would be knowing when we shared our plan, we said, we are going 
to increase in the first phase our capacity from 3 to 5 million now we will have 5 million 
capacity by 2017 end, we will have 5 million capacity, next thing is to increase this 5 to 7 to 
7.5. Now we are planning for that. Now for that because now our model is that we 
necessarily have to procure land and land procurement is around one to two years. Our 
gestation period for the projects becomes very large. So we have already started looking for 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 8 of 20 
both as I said more than 10 projects are already there for which land acquisition process is 
now under activation. These facilities we may have land by 2018, 2019 and after that 
certain structure. So that planning has already started because we know that we are going 
through this business cycle phase, which will get over maybe after one year, maybe after 
one and a half year then again if we want to go for growth of 12% to 13% we will require 
capacity increases. So we are already planning for that. The company is taking adequate 
steps. It is in view of that that our capital requirements for the next plan that is Thirteenth 
Plan will come up which we are planning for. 
Pukit Patni: 
Sir as part of this capex plans could we entail taking some debt as well on the books or is it 
likely to be more equity form of funding near term? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Well up to now our management ceiling has been that for CONCOR it will not be prudent 
to take debt on the CONCOR balance sheet, and that is what we have tried to especially 
now when you have gestation period of a project going from four to five years, within four 
to five years when you construct the facility at that time itself you will run into a debt trap if 
you take a loan for 10 to 10.5 or even for net cost of 12% or so, so by the time, your facility 
comes to breakeven you will have used debt which is what we are trying to avoid on 
CONCOR’S balance sheet, but debt is being taken on the JVs balance sheet which are 
smaller projects so in all these projects we do plan to come up with a large number of JV 
projects like KhatUwas itself my board has now permitted in the board meeting that we had 
day before yesterday that we will have four CFSS and three warehousing complex. Now 
these seven complexes will be coming up. We are going for station of interest asking for 
private sector participation and we have told them that in case you given it on the basis of 
your bidding and subsequently if you want to make a JV with us we will be open to the 
idea. In that case, we will not expose our equity to full extent we are going for equity debt 
model, so that is the plan. That is the plan that the management is taking to. 
Pukit Patni: 
Sure Sir. Sir, secondly I wanted to just get a sense of the broader railway sector, over the 
last one to one and a half years have you seen in terms of any sort of positive momentum 
for the company per se obviously the haulage increase was not something as positive, but in 
general and do you see stress being taken where long-term one could see shift of traffic 
from road to rail which has not been the case so far? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
You asked a very tough question, and I hope my minister is not listening. The point is 
railway has a good intention, but railway has its own problems. Haulage charges we had 
this 10% concession surcharge imposed in last year November. It is still on. There is no 
concession, but the charge is still on. So we spoke to railway people and we said Sir, why 
do not you reduce this cost. They have a genuine problem. They say our costs have gone up. 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 9 of 20 
How do we manage our resources? Now this new Pay Commission which is going to come 
up there will be a liability of 32000 Crores on railways, additional liability. They said we 
have since our costs go up by 25% our total expenses go up by 25% we will have to raise 
resources by increasing freight. He said no, please do not increase freight, we are dying 
because of last haulage increase. So there is that dilemma that railway also has. What we 
are now looking at is basically railways are going forward on execution of these projects 
like DFC, which will imply reduction in the cost. DFC as I have been telling you it will 
imply at least 10 times increase in output. Today, we have a train of 90 containers taking 
around 45 to 50 hours within port and ICD in North India. In DFC this 90 will become 400 
containers, and train time will become 20 hour or less. Now that will imply 10 times 
increase in the throughput. In that case, increase in operating costs will not be more than 
three times. Now that will imply a reduction in the operating costs, which will result into a 
spur of traffic from road to rail shift of traffic from road to rail, we are just hoping that that 
comes as soon as possible so that railways becomes enabled to reduce the per unit costs. 
Pukit Patni: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will take the question from the line of Ankit Fitkariwala from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Fitkariwala: 
Good morning Sir. Sir just wanted to get a broad sense of if I look at the nine month 
number, the container volumes at the port would probably be flat but we are seeing a drop 
in the container volumes, so just wanted to understand I understand that a lot of it is shifting 
probably to the roads, just wanted to get your sense? Do you see further increase in 
containers moving to the roads or is it like competition from private players? Is there any 
change there? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Well, to answer your question, the very honest answer is yes, on both accounts you are 
right. First coming to the shift to other container haulages I must confess that there is slight 
increase in their share in Exim. In Exim the total tonne is railway has moved till December 
end this year is 27.93 million tonnes out of which CONCOR has moved 20.74. So our share 
has come down to 74.25% from 77% last year in Exim. Then domestic railways have 
moved 6.7 and we have moved 4.47. Our share was 66.7% and this is an improvement from 
last year, which was 64.4. Overall last year in first nine months our share was 74.28 and it 
has come down marginally to 72.8. This is a fact that there is a 1.5% drop in our share 
especially in the international sector where these lines like APL and MSE they have been 
able to beat the market by cross subsidizing on perhaps the freight element. That is what is 
there because they control shipping line, they control railway, and they control the 
terminals. They have full control. It has happened that they have cross-subsidized in some 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 10 of 20 
other segment and therefore their share has increased and that is the primary result of this 
thing. So there is minor share loss is there but even they are not growing. Even they are in 
the red from as compared to last year and the main culprit is the road. The main culprit is 
this 10% concession surcharge for imports. With 10% concession surcharge on imports has 
really done the thing. People are saying why should pay 10000 on a freight of 45000. It 
comes to 4500. Now he says, I will not pay this 4500, there is lot of road trucks are 
variable. Nowadays this domestic economy you are very well aware that it is not doing 
well, there is no surplus capacity. Iron ore traffic has not still resumed except for one or two 
places in South Central India, iron ore traffic has not resumed. There is a lot of recession in 
the steel industry; steel moving is not there, so thousands of trucks are available who can 
reduce their rate given at a drop of a hat. They take this cargo. So there is a tendency of 
more and more imports getting destuffed in the ports and moving by ordinary road, not in 
the form of containers. The container is getting destuffed at the ports and it is moving in 
(inaudible) 33.41 trucks. So that is happening. That is the biggest villain. 
Ankit Fitkariwala: 
Just to carry that question forward, what I was trying to say is that in the road sector 
probably changing the tariff is probably much easier than probably it is for you because the 
tariff can because of the drop in the diesel price and everything the tariff can be changed. It 
is more real time rather than what it is for you? That will also be an impact? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
The point is diesel prices for instance have gone down by almost Rs.11 since last April. 
Now on the contrary we had this increase of 27%. Now there the diesel cost is counting for 
around 40% of the cost in the road truck. That 40% cost is going down, and even lubricants 
and other oils which is costing another 15% to 20% that also is under control and then they 
have this fixed cost element they find it very easy. They said okay my truck is going, I will 
forego the capital recovery, which he may have already done for maybe using it overused 
truck. So those kinds of advantages are available. There have been some cases where even 
big corporates they have come up with the reverse auction. We participated in the reverse 
auction through our subsidiary. Our subsidiary gives the lowest rate but then these people 
show those rates to the truck hauler and truck hauler says okay, I will max these rates and 
give you actually 5% concession and that moves over to the road. So that is what is 
happening. That is an advantage of trucks, which is under those situations that are presently 
of surplus availability of trucks. That is being exploited fully well by them. 
Ankit Fitkariwala: 
Thanks a lot for your answers. Just lastly, you may choose not to answer this question. I am 
just trying to understand that the most important private player in this case will probably be 
Gateway, right? So, because you named a couple of them, so I just wanted to understand is 
it like Gateway also gaining significant market share? 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
I have not done that analysis frankly. So it will not be fair on my part to comment, but when 
I was talking about the players like APL and Hind Terminal. Hind Terminal, which is a 
subsidiary of Eversee and APL Shipping line. These two shipping lines that have their own 
companies. I was having them in mind because they are in a position to cross-subsidize 
from the other lakes. 
Ankit Fitkariwala: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Devrat Mohta from Fidelity. 
Devrat Mohta: 
Good morning Sir. Sir just a couple of questions from me. One you know when you were 
talking about the massive rail deficit that you would have with the Pay Commission and of 
course we understand that with the DFC maybe 2019 onwards the efficiencies improve 
significantly and costs go down, but is it likely that in the near term there could be further 
haulage charges just because railways need to sort of maintain their budget deficit and it has 
been a year and three months since the previous haulage hike and typically we have seen in 
the past it has been about one and a half years every time when the railways come in and 
hike haulage charges, so in the current environment do you think it is a possibility that 
haulage could up further? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Last hike was with effect of March 1, 2015, so it is not one year. 
Devrat Mohta: 
I was referring to the December 2014 announcement, sorry? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
December 2014 was first partial hike then March 1 was the full hike which was there, so 
technically it has not been a year and what we are telling railways in our discussions just 
around two weeks back there is a Private Container Train Association (ACTO), which had a 
new President and they called on the minister and they made a presentation to everybody 
reiterating the same thing that how traffic has gone away and how these concession and 
surcharges are effecting in response to which this thing came up that what to do we have a 
deficit, we on the contrary have to increase the freight, indication is that railway does 
understand because of the (inaudible) 38.21. As I told you this particular quarter, our 
handling was the worst in last two years, it was the worst, so, we know if this goes down 
their total kitty if they increase freight further the total kitty will not increase, so that will 
not serve the purpose. That has been put forward and I think railway does appreciate that so 
I am very optimistic that at least for next six months they will not try to increase any rail 
haulage again. 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Devrat Mohta: 
Sir, the second question from me was there were newspaper reports which also spoke about 
your retirement some time later this year. Could you just take us through what is the process 
in terms of how the next CMD gets elected internally, externally? How does the whole 
process work? If you could give us some colour on that it would be very helpful? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Selections have already taken place on last Friday. New MD has been selected. It is one of 
the directors of the company. He has already been selected. Now the normal process is 
around three to four months. So by May or June, I think there will be a new MD designate 
who will be available together with me for another three months and then he takes over. So 
there are no sufficient crises all these, my two directors are also retiring, their replacement, 
and one director’s replacement has already been decided. Another director’s replacement 
will be decided maybe another one or two weeks there will be selections. So Government of 
India has a policy they initiate the process one year in advance. That process has already 
been initiated for all the three processes. 
Devrat Mohta: 
So, basically as things stand the person is formed within CONCOR and well versed with in 
the way dealing with Indian Railways so that is something which we need not worry about 
right? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
You would have seen even in the road shows that we are doing, we are always taking our 
other officers together with us. Normally when I come, I normally associate the Mumbai 
Regional Manager or one of the directors will be with me. So the person who is selected has 
already been with me on various road shows and has handled those road shows 
independently. I would just introduce. I will have the first session and he will take another 
five to six sessions. So that is not an issue. Fully familiar, fully involved in the process, 
already a director on the board, privy to all the decisions and privy to all the thinking of the 
company, so there will be no issue on that. 
Devrat Mohta: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Bhoomika Nair from 
IDFC Securities. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Good morning Sir. Sir, just wanted to get some colour obviously you discussed a lot of 
stuff, but on double stacking how it has panned out in this current quarter, given the weak 
environment in terms of imports and exports both. 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
In fact we are not doing. Now it is minimum double stacking happening because if we do 
double stack then we ourselves have to stable our rakes and pay money for stabling charges. 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 13 of 20 
So currently it is down. There is hardly any double stacking going on. There are no 
pendencies in the ports. Today also total pendencies all the seaports today morning was 
around 1800 or so, so we are able to load much more than that. So that demand is not there 
currently. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
So double stacking in effective pretty much gone down to very negligible levels and thereby 
there is no double stacking to that effect? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Yes. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir, the other thing is obviously we have discussed a lot earlier in the call in terms of how 
domestic is getting impacted because of less amount of competitiveness versus the road 
what is the strategy now going forward? This used to be something like almost 100 Crores 
EBIT and which is now running at a run rate of 22 to 25 Crores on an annual basis. So, does 
that make sense to continue focusing or is it more of a long-term strategy that once this 
comes in, so what is our strategy in terms of domestic? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Basically my EBIT of last few years in domestic PBIT, was 55.42 Crores last year about 
three quarters combined and this year it is down to 14.65 Crores and to this you can add 26 
Crores of service tax that I have borne the liability of which I have borne which is an 
expense for domestic so 15+26 is equal to 41 where actual decline is from 55 to 41. That is 
there. The issue is that it is not that I have devoted incremental resources exclusively to 
domestic. Our strategy has been to leverage the international business with the help of 
domestic business on the stretches where you have movement of demand or movement of 
empty you fill it up with domestic empty, domestic loaded. So that way we will continue to 
target this. Secondly, actually if you look at the scope of domestic, India has done around 
172 million tonnes of international cargo last year at all ports together, around 172 million 
tonnes and domestic also there is a potential of around 75 million tonnes. We are doing 
hardly 7 million tonnes everybody put together. Last year it was 7.98 so there is a lot of 
potential, which is currently not moving because road scenario is not well. Once this cost 
benefits come in, once this operational costs go down this domestic will have a potential for 
zooming back. So we are being very cautious deliberately going down. As you would have 
seen my PBITs 1.8% only in this thing against 6.8% last year, but if there is any increase in 
domestic now there will be a substantial increase in this because we will be talking only on 
the empty reverse direction. See today, I have tremendous demand for moving domestic 
from north to east and north to south, but return directions I am not getting anything. I have 
to move empty and therefore I have to bear this cost, so in the return directions as the 
scenario improves this will become a net addition and I will come back to that level of 8 to 
9% of PBIT. We will still be there. 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Just a continuation on this in terms of the service tax liability will it we will have to 
continue bearing this? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
That is something which we are talking to government, our minister has written to the 
finance minister and this has been lobbied that okay this is being unfair in road tax, road 
there is no service tax like this and in railways if you have service tax then you are actually 
disowning railways so that we are talking but nothing has happened up to now. We are 
hoping something will happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Rakesh Vyas from 
HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Rakesh Vyas: 
Good morning Sir. Sir three quick questions from me First one can you just give the port 
wise split of the cargo that you normally provide? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
The cumulative in 2015-2016 about JNPT was 41.18%, MDPT was 24.98%, Pipavav 
17.78%, HOM was 7.73%, and these are the main shares. JNPT the percentage was down 
from 43.13% last year. In MDPT there was an improvement from 24.78% to 24.98%. 
Pipavav there was a drop from 20.82% to 17.78%. HOM this is Chennai there was an 
increase from 7.13% to 7.73%. So effectively we would see that JN Port remains at around 
41%, Mundra and Pipavav are also now around 42%. So combined they have overtaken JN 
Port. There is slight improvement in HOM. 
Rakesh Vyas: 
Sir, my second question slightly more strategic in the sense that you are saying that you are 
increasing losing the market share compared to road, but you are also not doing double 
stacking. So I was just wondering because double stacking will bring in the freight benefit 
eventually to the consumer as well as to you. So, is a road rate significantly lower than the 
double stacking? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
The point is today; my double stacking is an operational double stacking. I am not able to 
provide any rate incentive to the customer because the KhatUwas is still not an ICD and 
therefore in today’s circumstance, everything I have to transship and move further, so there 
is a cost for that also. So when I compare the benefit, I say that if stable a rake, I pay some 
money, if I move a double stack I have to stable more and more rakes which is more 
beneficial that is the strategic decision making that we do on a day-to-day basis. It is not 
that we have stopped double stack running all together we are still running. This month also 
we have run around 10 trains in first 15 days. It is not that we have stopped all together, but 
we had gone to a level of 2.5 to 3 trains per day, which there is no necessity as on date. 
Once my KhatUwas becomes an ICD, which it will become in the month of February or 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 15 of 20 
latest in the month of March then all KhatUwas containers will be brought in double stack 
basis only. Then advantage will be given. So it is basically a cost benefit analysis. They day 
it suites me to have a double stack, I will immediately go for double stack. 
Rakesh Vyas: 
Fair point Sir and my last question is given the environment that you are talking about 
where recovery is expected only from October onward. Can we expect 5% to 7% volume 
growth for next fiscal on the overall basis or the number could be higher than that? What 
should we look at? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
As I told you through Railway Ministry have committed 13%. 
Rakesh Vyas: 
That seems too high. You are very ambitious. You know the environment. 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
I have committed 13, but I think around 6% to 7% should be there. I mean it will be 
otherwise very bad for us. It should be there 6% to 7% for half a year if everything starts 
moving in October then I guess it should be around and there will be lower base for this 
year so it should be around 6% to 7% minimum. 
Rakesh Vyas: 
Thank you so much. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Achal Lohade from 
JM Financial. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Just two quick questions; first how does the Seventh Pay 
Commission impact us? What is the extent of impact for us? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
This Pay Commission does not impact us directly. We public sector have a separate Pay 
Commission which has not yet been constituted also, and there will be due with new basis 
with respect from 01/01/2017. Like government people are due with the new basis from 
01/01/2016 public sectors will have increase from 01/01/2017, and normally looking at the 
past trend this increase will be finalized only after 2018 or so. So currently there is no 
danger of that sort. Our staff, which is non-officers that is executives our executive have a 
Pay Commission for five year, so there it was 01/07/2011 to 31.12.2011. In 2012 their thing 
was due which we have already negotiated and given the arrears to them last year and that is 
why we would be finding that my staff cost in fact if you look at this year, my staff costs 
are actually down from last year. My staff cost last year was 121 Crores in the first three 
quarters, it down to 114 Crores in the first three quarters. So, at least for two to three years, 
we do not see any impact, but our Board has directed us to be very prudent and to also halt 
the fresh elections till the volumes come back. Till there is a normalcy so that also will be 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 16 of 20 
and that is the step we are taking. We are halting our new inductments and we will match 
them with the increase in traffic when it is coming three or four months before that we will 
start the process again. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, you talked about double stacking. You have reduced consciously because of various 
factors. Would it be the same case even for other players with the likes of Gateway or APL 
or Hind Terminals? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Gateway has the ICD, so it will make a sense if I am in their place it would make a sense 
for moving every train on double stack basis and they are making more terminals so by 
using double stack they can divert rakes from one stream to another stream which would be 
new stream so that is the benefits that they would be having. I on the contrary have a large 
number of rakes, so what we have done is what we could do we have halted the process of 
accretion in rakes. This year for instance, we had plans for 20 rakes but we have taken only 
seven so far and we have halted this process for the next year also, we will put a brake. We 
will not take more rakes in order to reduce these empty running till the volumes are 
guaranteed; volumes are there in the pipeline. 
Achal Lohade: 
Last question, in terms of the entry of diesel vehicles in Delhi, their orders restricting that 
how does that impact CONCOR? Does it impact Tughlakabad? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Tughlakabad case was referred to NGT. It has been argued upon to NGT on many 
occasions in the last eight to nine months. We have actually been able to demonstrate how 
we are actually the best solution because all the ways we are beginning by rails, which is 
saving a lot of carbon emission. In fact, we have been able to prove that how carbon 
emissions per tonne kilometer goes down in case of rail to 28 gm/CO2 per tonne kilometers 
as against 84 gm/CO2 carbon emission by road and we have said that if you ask us to deal 
with this traffic outside Delhi this will be more suicidal and things seems to have gone 
down very well with the authorities and therefore they have not passed any directive against 
us, only thing that they are asking us to do is to ensure that non-destined vehicles do not 
come to Delhi. That is vehicles from outside Delhi do not come or do not go, containers are 
not going outside Delhi. Towards this they have put those border crossing charges, which 
were earlier 1400 and now increased to 2500. So I think that is pretty okay. That will ensure 
since we have lot of cargo demands for Delhi proper also up to now we had around 80% to 
85% traffic of Delhi and 15% to 20% of outside Delhi, it will gradually become 100% 
Delhi traffic, they are fine with it. 
Achal Lohade: 
So it does not impact much actually? 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
It would not impact much. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Aditya Makharia 
from JP Morgan. 
Aditya Makharia: 
Just wanted to get some clarity around any plans for fund raising because you just 
mentioned about the authorized capital going up? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Currently we have authorized 200 and subscribed 195. So there is hardly any margin, so 
there was a discussion that we must have a higher authorized so in case there is some sort of 
eventuality where we need more capital then we can immediately go in for if we have an 
interesting project, we get some good opportunity to make a beginning outside India since 
we are a Navratna now in the new line, we might require capital and this should not come as 
a bottleneck. So that is the reason we have increased this authorized capital. We will be 
going to our AGM to get their approval for increasing the authorized capital. 
Aditya Makharia: 
Sir, and just on the ground question, in terms of the container charges which CONCOR 
levies let us say on a container from JNPT to Delhi like a 12 or 20 tonne container what 
would be the charge which you levy versus what a truck would levy? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
It would depend on the loadability. There are four slabs. So, there are slabs, there are rates 
of up to 10 tonnes, 10 to 20 tonnes, 20 to 26 tonnes, and 26 to 30 tonnes and there are also 
30 and above also which has been reduced. Normally, we have noticed that charges up to 15 
to 16 tonnes cargo if there is in a container road is cheaper because what is happening is 
because vehicle of 9 tonnes carries up to 15 tonnes indiscriminately openly. There will have 
a rate for 9 tonne and then they take per tonne so there is a lot of overloading, so we cannot 
match, if up to two containers can go in a truck there we cannot match. Where there is cargo 
exceeding 16 to 17 tonnes we are much more economical today, but then there are the first 
and last mile cost. For customers it is door-to-door cost, which is more important then first 
mile, and last mile in containers are heavy cost. So everything depends on the total inland 
haulage cost. 
Aditya Makharia: 
Sir, about Rs.45000 would be a fair amount? Just a ballpark maybe for a 12 to 15 tonne 
kind of container for what you charge? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
No, we charge only around Rs.24000 to Rs.25000 for a 14 tonne container. I think it would 
be Rs.24000 to Rs.26000. That is our charge. Our handling would be around Rs.2000 so 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 18 of 20 
may be Rs.28000. Shipping line maybe charging around Rs.42000 to Rs.44000 because 
shipping lines takes into account what is their import and export in balance. I have not gone 
through it in this month. Last month I gather that they are levying around 23% MTV 
provisioning. So for every Rs.100 they will say Rs.23000 if I do not get an export I will 
have to move this empty on my own, my rate is Rs.23 so we will add 23% of that. So that 
varies. My charges are on my website and these lines what they charge is the inland haulage 
are also on their website. You can make an easy comparison. 
Aditya Makharia: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Lokesh Garg from 
Credit Suisse. 
Lokesh Garg: 
Good morning Sir. Basically I wanted to ask you now that Pantnagar and KhatUwas have 
sort of close to being inaugurated, Pantnagar already inaugurated so essentially wanted to 
ask what is the total capex now in both of these assets individually? And let us say for 
Pantnagar you shared first month numbers of something like 20 rakes. So what is the 
number that needs to be for us to be making some amount of money from let us say 
Pantnagar as an individual ICD? Just sort of taking some initial understanding from your 
side on this? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Total expenditure in Pantnagar has come to around 90 Crores. That is the investment. We 
have made a JV. AS you would know we have made a separate JV and that JV is expecting 
a gross margin of around 26% to 27% in the first year itself. 
Lokesh Garg: 
But basically this current run rate is not enough, right? What has to be the run rate for you 
to be making? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
26% is the current run rate also only, which means it is very good. Show me a business 
where we will make 27% gross margins first quarter. 
Lokesh Garg: 
This was gross margin, I was thinking in terms of more return on capital, so if you have to 
make let us say something like 10 to 12 Crores on this what is the number that needs to be 
there on the traffic side? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
Lokesh Ji I have given you 90 Crores, you find out the annual capital recovery, you see the 
operation cost 15% margin there, you find out the numbers yourself. Do not force me to 
share all these details with you on a conference call about how to run a business, sorry. 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Lokesh Garg: 
What is the same number for KhatUwas investment number? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
KhatUwas the total investment plan is around 480 Crores, but currently I am sorry, I am not 
carrying the actual figure, but we would have invested up to 140 or 150 Crores so far or 150 
for the past two years we have been doing the operations. We have recovered enough 
annual capital, maybe land cost, I have already recovered. So, I am sorry cannot discuss the 
individual process like this on a conference call basis. Please be assured that management of 
Container Corporation is quite prudent in these cases. Our IRR for the facility is well 
beyond 15% and there is no reason for you to start developing doubts about whether we will 
be able to do well in that facility or not. 
Lokesh Garg: 
Sir, I wanted to ask you basically this 6000 Crores of total capex does not seem to add up, if 
we add up let us say 90 to 140 Crores type of numbers. These are much smaller numbers for 
let us say if we add up 15 or 16 such MMLPs. So it will not add up to 6000 Crores. Are we 
missing something? Obviously there is rake capex and possibly others? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
These are all everything. Capex is just not MMLPs. 
Lokesh Garg: 
So MMLPs would roughly be half of it, right? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
I will not be able to share the details with you. Currently the only thing that I can tell you is 
that as against 6000 we will be doing a capex of around 5300, 5400, we will be able to 
achieve. That the capex is also in MMLPs, new facilities, repair and maintenance of the old 
facilities, equipment addition at different places, we are getting for instance now for two 
facilities in Khodiyar and this place you are buying RMG, RTG, which will be a heavy cost 
of equipment, we have given an order for 25 restackers, which will be heavy investment 
then there are those wagon purchases for wagon we have to purchase the components, 
everything comes together would imply, would entail our spending around Rs.5300 Crores 
over a period of five years in the Twelfth Five Year plan as against Rs.1800 Crores 
investment we made during the Eleventh Five Year plan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Should we take more questions from participants? 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
I think we have addressed every issue. 
Alli Rani: 
Well past time. I think we should wind up. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sir, would you like to give some closing comments? 

                                                              Container Corporation of India Limited 
January 27, 2016 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Anil Kumar Gupta: 
I would request all the participants if you still have any further questions, please come on 
the line. You can talk to me or Alli. We will answer all your questions. If you want to send 
mails, please feel free to send us the mail. You will get a proper reply also. 
Moderator: 
I would like to hand the floor to Mr. Prateek Kumar for any closing comments. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you Madam for the call. We will end the call now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
