
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
PFIZER LIMITED 
 
EDITED TRANSCRIPT OF THIRD QUARTER 2015-16 
ANALYSTS’ TELECONFERENCE CALL 
 
 
Event Date: February 4, 2016 
 
Start Time: 3.30 pm IST 
 
End Time: 
4.10 pm IST 
 
 
 
Pfizer Management Participants: 
 
Mr. S. Sridhar – Executive Director 
Mr. Ravi Prakash Bhagavathula – Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Evening and Welcome to Pfizer’s Third Quarter ended 
2015-2016 Financial Results Analyst Teleconference. We have with us today                
Mr. S. Sridhar – Executive Director and Mr. Ravi Prakash – Chief Financial Officer.                
As a reminder, for the duration of the conference, all participants’ are in listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, you may signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on your telephone. At this time, I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. S. Sridhar. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
S. Sridhar: 
Thank you, Darryl. Hey, Good afternoon everyone, welcome to the third quarter call. 
We had our board meeting yesterday post which we published the results, I hope all 
of you have seen the results and we are having  call this afternoon for the third 
quarter.  
 
We’ve had a fairly mixed results. We had a top-line growth of about 8%; within that 
some brands have had  little soft growth but majority of the brands have seen a 
strong double-digit growth. In terms of our profitability, we have seen significant 
improvement in profitability, predominantly driven by some one-off expenses in the 
previous year quarter and that is what driving the high growth of profit in the next 
quarter.  
 
I will talk to you about some of the developments that have happened in the last 
couple of months impacting our business. One is - Most of you would have seen the 
NLEM announcement that came in the month of December. So the Health Ministry 
has published the list of products coming under the revised NLEM 2015; under 
which 106 drugs have been added, 76 drugs have been deleted and hence now the 
total coverage goes to about 376 drugs.  
 
We expect the National Pricing Authority to publish the prices shortly. We have 
made a request to the authorities to start publishing prices in the month of April,             
so a coincidence with being their fiscal year and also the new WPI pricing               
kicking off for rest of the products it becomes easy for the industry to kick-off.             
We have seen significant coverage in terms of Anti-Infective and in CNS and some in 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Respiratory this time around. We are evaluating the impact on it, continue to 
evaluate it  and we will keep  you updated  on this impact as we progress.  
 
Second is I also want to talk to you about the floods in Chennai, as you know                
we have had some significant impact in Chennai city on the floods. We did have 
some impact on our goods also consequent to the damages but we had an 
insurance cover and we managed to get all the claims reimbursed to us, we have got 
a conformation in this regard.  
 
As part of company believing in corporate responsibility, we participated by 
donating medicines, we also took part in medical camps and now we are also taking 
part in rehabilitation of some homes for the people impacted.  
 
I also wanted to share with you the one big CSR activity which we kicked-off which is 
the partnership with IIT-Delhi on innovation. We kicked-off this Press Conference in 
the month of December. We have Mr. Amitabh Kant, Secretary of DIPP being the 
Guest of Honor. He joined us for the event. We will be rolling out the first grant in 
the month of February. We have a pretty good hit rate, around 50-60 applications 
have been received and IIT-Delhi will help to sort out the eligible people.               
So I thought from innovation perspective and commitment to patent regulation, our 
commitment to society is very clearly, demonstrated by this program here.               
Just to let you know this program awards innovation, area of healthcare, it could be 
in the area of software, hardware devices etcetera, any new eligible start-up it could 
be individual, companies - we are going to fund up to Rs. 50 lakh per innovation, up 
to about four innovations in a year. More importantly, Pfizer does not have any say 
on the patent rights, it is completely with the patent owner. So therefore, it is purely 
our way of rewarding patent regime and the healthcare in India.  
 
Talking to you briefly, we also surrendered our corporate office in Jogeshwari as of 
end of January, we have surrendered Jogeshwari office and in the month of 
November we surrendered the Platina office which was the legacy Wyeth office.                
So cumulatively we should get about Rs. 2 crore saving per month going forward.  
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
                                           Regarding industry, I think market is going well approximately 15.1% as for IMS as of 
December 2015. IMS has reported probably highest growth in the last few years 
there. The industry sizes about Rs. 1,01,524 crores as of MAT 2015. The MNCs as per 
IMS is growing at 12.8% with Pfizer Limited growing up from 10.3%. Most of the TAs 
are growing well. Pfizer’s anti-infective reportedly growing pretty well as per IMS 
there. So I will stop here with regard to the overview.  
 
I will pass it across to Ravi for giving you inside on the financial performance,                
post which both of us will take Q&A. Over to you, Ravi 
Ravi Prakash: 
Good afternoon everybody, and welcome from my side as well to the Pfizer Limited 
third quarter call. I will walk you through the financial performance of the quarter. 
Let me start with revenue, this quarter we clocked sales revenue of Rs. 500 crores 
that represents an 8% growth over the same period last year. A couple of comments 
on the revenue, majority of our brands have done well and have shown double-digit 
growth. The overall growth rate has been held back a little bit by softness in a 
couple of brands because of very strong comparatives from last year. So we are now 
able to consistently clock about Rs. 500 crores per quarter and if you look at the last 
quarter two performance so that is kind of key take away that I have from our 
revenue perspective. From a margin perspective, our margins are holding slightly 
better than last year so there is not much to report. So our gross margins hold well, 
so our strategy of focusing on the key brands and managing revenue is working well; 
our margins are holding.  
 
From a cost perspective, this has been a little bit of unusual quarter. What has 
happened in this quarter, we have had a couple of one-time items as well as an 
impact due to timing on a couple of other expenses. So we had one off expenses, 
because of provision we have to make due to the payment of bonus act as well as 
office relocation, so that has impacted cost this quarter. Also a couple of the CSR 
investments, that Sridhar talked about as well a couple of other capability 
investments that we have made have had an impact, that is more a timing impact, 
so both these happening in the same quarter have impacted cost this time and that 
is the reason that you see overall cost as a percentage of revenue going up versus 
the sequential quarter versus the same period last year you would not see a big 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
difference because last year, we had a lot of merger related expenses sitting in the 
expense line. So that is briefly about cost.  
 
Profit before tax and exceptional items was at Rs. 75 crores, up by 65% versus last 
year. The driver was - we got a benefit of not having the merger related expenses 
and on top of that the incremental gross margin, some of these two actually drove 
up the profit before exceptional items and that is what drops down to the profit 
after-tax as well.  
 
If I look at the overall construct of the P&L, revenue has grown 8%, income has 
grown 7% but that has kind of drop down to the gross margin which is growing at 
9%. Profit after tax and profit before tax both are showing healthy growth. EBITDA 
as a percentage of sales is down this quarter simply because of the one-off cost that 
I talked about earlier in my discussion on cost.  
 
So to summarize on a quarterly basis, I think we are at a run rate of about                
Rs. 500 crores and our EBITDA has taken a one-time hit otherwise we are still 
around the same range that we communicated in our earlier calls.  
 
I will pause here and hand it over back to Sridhar for any other comments. 
S. Sridhar: 
No, I am happy to take any questions, as of now. Open to you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.                
Our first question is from the line of Mr. Chellappa S from Pari Washington.                
Please go ahead.  
Chellappa S: 
Good afternoon Sridhar and Ravi. I just want to understand I think because of the 
Chennai flood there were some damage so, I guess you would have booked some 
expenses in the expense items, where is the figuring in, could you quantify that?  
Ravi Prakash: 
So the Chennai flood, we have got the insurance claim coming in and the other 
income line it is Rs. 8 crores in the other income line.  
Chellappa S: 
But you do not have a contra of expenses?  
Ravi Prakash: 
We do in the expense line, in the material cost line.  

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Chellappa S: 
In the material cost line, is it?  
Ravi Prakash: 
Yes.  
Chellappa S: 
Okay, that is fine, okay. And the bonus also could you just quantify what is the 
impact in the staff cost?  
Ravi Prakash: 
That is about Rs. 5 crores that is due to the payment of Bonus Act. It is Statutory.  
Chellappa S: 
Yeah, that is right, okay. And any update on Allergan? 
S. Sridhar: 
No, comments at this juncture.  
Chellappa S: 
Okay. Will you try to open offer in India? 
S. Sridhar: 
No, comments at this juncture.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from 
Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan:  Sir, taking forward from the previous participant there has been also some one-
off cost on CSR and office related issues. If you can tell us broadly how much is 
the impact on the EBITDA probably we can get a more number, which represent 
the base business performance.  
Ravi Prakash: 
I think between the one-off items in the timing it is between about 3.5 - 4 
percentage points.  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: 
Sir that is about 400 bps impact on the EBITDA.  
S. Sridhar: 
              That is correct.  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: 
Sir, coming to the top-line I mean if you can elaborate a bit more on what 
were the brands that had taken an impact in this quarter and whether do 
we see the growth coming back and what has really cost the softness in the 
top-line?  
 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
S. Sridhar: 
So in the softness in the quarter is basically Prevenar, Prevenar we have had a 
strong comparative quarter same period last year but more importantly our 
revenues are holding around 70 odd crores per quarter plus every quarter. So 
therefore, we are consistent in terms of our numbers clocking every quarter it is just 
that if you look at the same period last year it is fairly high number therefore the 
competitive slow out there. We have had a little bit of soft corner on Gelusil purely 
on a YTD number Gelusil is still strong double-digit but we had a stronger probably a 
softer quarter in Gelusil comparatively. Wysolone which was a product which we 
had, respiratory product which is steroid we have had some challenges gone much 
lower then what is expected that is what has actually given us a little bit more of a 
negative thing then what we expected. So combination of Prevenar, Gelusil, and 
Wysolone these three is what has given us a lower softer quarter.  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure. Sir, any comment on Magnex because I think that is another product which 
has seen some kind of decline at least per the AIOCD?  
S. Sridhar: 
No, Magnex we are doing pretty well, it is a strong double-digit growth for the 
quarter on Y-T-D.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ranjit Kapadia from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead.  
Ranjit Kapadia: 
Sir, my question relates to the products which have gone under price control. If you 
can quantify what were the annual revenues and what is the impact?  
Ravi Prakash: 
Ranjit, at the moment we are still assessing, I think we will probably be ready to 
quantify probably by the next call. At the moment we are still in the assessing.  
S. Sridhar: 
I will tell you what, some of these products which have come in are critical care anti-
infective products. IMS does not reflect the right price, so, therefore, if I strictly go 
only by the IMS price I may not currently give a right reflection so, therefore it 
requires us to recast the competition price because if my price is wrong, we will 
expect the same thing at competition, because IMS does not really have a very 
strong hospital coverage there. So, it will require some time for us to confirm that 
part of it. But from an anti-infective perspective we will have an impact, yes.  

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Ranjit Kapadia: 
And if you can quantify what was the growth of Folvite and Corex DX?  
Ravi Prakash: 
They have had good growth Ranjit, right, they are both double-digit.  
Ranjit Kapadia: 
Okay. And what about Becosules? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Same, double-digit, same.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ravi Mehta from Deep Financial. 
Please go ahead.  
Ravi Mehta: 
One question on this if you can give us a split on the depreciation amount, the 
amortization and the depreciation.  
Ravi Prakash: 
So the amortization of the goodwill, that is what you are talking about, right?  
Ravi Mehta: 
Yeah. 
Ravi Prakash: 
That is about Rs. 108 crores a year so per quarter it will be approximately                
Rs. 27 crores.  
Ravi Mehta: 
Okay. And when I look at the gross margin, that is raw materials to sales ratio that 
has gone up sequentially so, is that purely because of the flood impact or… 
Ravi Prakash: 
Yeah, there is an impact of the flood in terms of the material cost and one of our 
ingredient cost is also gone up.  
Ravi Mehta: 
Okay. So probably this number can come down in the coming quarters?  
Ravi Prakash: 
In the coming quarter the flood impact will come off so, if all other trends hold the 
same then you should see a slightly lower material cost to sales, if everything else 
holds the same.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead.  
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Sir, just on Wysolone, I think few calls back you had mentioned that we were 
looking for a price increase and we have send to the government for relooking at 
the pricing of the product, so any take on that because I think you had mentioned 
that, we were having a negative impact due to this product?  
S. Sridhar: 
So there are about three SKUs, Nikhil. Two SKUs given the price of Prednisolone API 
have just come down, this turned positive. We are still struggling with one SKU but 
the NPPA will not pick-up SKU-by-SKU they will look at overall thing there. So the 
issue what we had about a year back has somewhat soften given the NPPA price 
increase, therefore at this juncture we are not pushing hard for a price increase 
secondly, it is a little difficult to push government for bulk price increase. We are 
struggling but it is still a little difficult game to make as of now.  
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. And on Corex now till last year I think we had issues with the government 
being active on Corex sales and also now the things have settled down. Is the Corex 
brand as a whole not Corex DX the only Corex part of the product segment. Is it 
growing sufficiently or do you still see that the ground conditions are not favoring 
growth.  
S. Sridhar: 
We have not seen any incremental challenges in any states as compared to last year 
so, therefore, if you are taking your last year as a base our growth in Corex remains 
stable.  
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. And sir, Corex DX like last time I think it was around for FY15 and it was 
almost at Rs. 45 or Rs. 48 crores. So it would be growing a bit faster than Corex so 
should it be off the overall Corex family revenue what part would Corex DX be now?  
Ravi Prakash: 
So I think the base that you had of last year and if you take the Corex DX is actually I 
would say high double-digit growth mid to high double-digit growth I think that 
should give you an idea of where it is at the moment heading.  
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. And if you can just throw some light on the line extension of Becosules which 
we had launched so how are they fairing and basically what is our proposition when 
we are launching Beco-VIT or the line extension, so first thing would it be OTC 
product or would be prescription product and when we are pitching them to a 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
doctor so what is our whole theory based on which we see that these products can 
scale up.  
S. Sridhar: 
Like we said, line extension is going to be our core strategy going forward on our key 
brands out here. It will be a combination of RX and RX OTC so, I am not going to call 
it complete OTC okay, we are not in the league of complete OTC. It will be RX and 
complete OTC. So Becosules we have launch Becosules Plus which is RX product, we 
have launch Becosules Performance which is a RX OTC product, Gelusil, we have 
launched a sachet we have lunched Xtra Cool which is again a RX OTC product there. 
When I say RX OTC we will still continue promoting our efforts to doctors first. We 
want established doctor prescribing habit and then over a period of time we will 
take it to OTC. Becosules performance we are already on air with our AD shots for 
the last three months there. So therefore our strategy will be for initially launch it in 
the doctor chambers, stabilize it and then pick-up a complete OTC RX product, go on 
air and try to promote the product there so that is the strategy going forward and 
that will applicable even Becosules or a Gelusil or even Corex. We have launched 
about six line extension as of now in various categories just like in any other, if I look 
on the new product in the industry, we are by far better than what average success 
for new products is. We do not look at new product as the new products the 
industry looks into it, we look into the key core brand strategy. So therefore our 
success level is probably Rs. 5 crores in a year minimum that is why we look at our 
brand. So by that logic in the first nine months our new products contribute roughly 
about 1% of our total sales which is much higher than what we were with branded 
generic which is all five odd percent so, I think our strategy of line extension is 
working well and that will be strategy going forward a combination of RX and RX 
OTC.  
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
And last sir around two years back we had set-up a separate sales team in order to 
increase our reach in the non-metro part of the country Tier-II and Tier-II markets to 
grow the Becosules and Corex, key legacy brand. So if you can just throw some light 
on the journey has been over the two years and are we seeing significant growth or 
traction in those markets for our brand?  

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
S. Sridhar: 
I think like we said one of the reasons why we had a very poor 2013 or 2014 was a 
top five brands did not fire and therefore over the last couple of years we have to 
change our strategy and try to get focus on a forming a separate trade team and try 
and get a little bit penetration into the Tier-II and Tier-III markets like you rightly 
pointed out. Also combination of FTE and contract filed force. Consequent to our 
focus there the key product which are Corex, Becosules, or Gelusil all are at very 
strong double-digit from an early single-digit number what we had two years back. 
So therefore a strategy of focus, they are really paying for us there and if my top 
products fair well and I manage to crack some products in the mid-segment I think 
we are in the right track on our growth.  
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. Just are we not facing internal competition in those market because on Corex, 
Becosules most of these product have significant competition so when we are going 
or our MR is going to a Tier-II, Tier-III market and pitching these products although 
the brands are very well-known and everything but is competition significant barrier 
for us, if you can highlight that part?  
S. Sridhar: 
Let me put it this way, let me talk of Becosules. Becosules has its own very niche 
area in B-Complex segment there, we have a set of doctors who have a certain 
therapeutic use for B-Complex and therefore prescriptions come in for B-Complex 
there. As per IMS data our prescription growth is about 20%-25% of Becosules 
which is not bad, 80%-odd is still  re-purchase coming in from the patient that 
means once the person is onto a Becosules he will buy Becosules. Now our 
challenge has been over the last few years with multivitamins. So I would not call it 
a competition I would just call it a market moving towards multivitamin as the 
economy changes into a different segment there. And therefore, our line extension 
we are also offering doctors a choice a write a B-Complex or Becosules multivitamin. 
It could be a drug form with the Becosules Plus it could be a just pure multivitamin 
with the Becosules Performance. We also launched Becosules Women in our 
women health team to promote it for Gynaec. So therefore we are segmenting the 
product to one meet the needs of the consumer or the patients and also to meet 
the needs of the doctor population so, that is a strategy to adapt a strategy for that. 
So hence, given Becosules as a brand name and we are able to get this tier kind of 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
launches I think we will do reasonably well it will take some time. Obviously I cannot 
become a 200 crores brand overnight but a combination of all these products over a 
period of time gives us the strong platform.  Could we have gone earlier in these 
markets? yes, we could have but I think at least even now it is not late for us to get 
into it and we are getting the traction there given the brand franchise.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hitesh Mahida from HDFC Life.               
Please go ahead.  
Hitesh Mahida: 
Sir first thing, sir we have mentioned in the Press Release that we are claiming 
around Rs. 8 crores from insurance due to Chennai floods. So should we assume 
that an impact on top-line has been higher than that because of Chennai floods?  
S. Sridhar: 
No.  
Hitesh Mahida: 
Okay, at least that much.  
S. Sridhar: 
It is stock loss.  
Hitesh Mahida: 
Okay. Secondly, sir as far as Prevenar is concerned you mentioned that you have 
witnessed some slowdown during the quarter, is it primarily because of some of the 
other brands say maybe Synflorix and all they are sort of catching-up.  
S. Sridhar: 
I did not say, we slow down, I think I said that we had a very strong comparative 
quarter. I made a statement that we have a very strong 70-odd crores clocking 
quarter-on-quarter and therefore, if I really look at the history my numbers are 
pretty consistent and I am getting a Rs. 70 crores – Rs. 75 crores every quarter so 
there is no slowdown per se. We continue to have leadership position in terms of 
market share 65 odd %- and we continue to do clock our volumes pretty well in 
terms of that. So therefore, I think we are doing pretty well in terms of 
performance.  
Hitesh Mahida: 
Okay, sir. And sir as far as product launches are concerned what sort of therapy 
segments we are targeting going ahead?  

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
S. Sridhar: 
I have said that we have about four TAs which are focus area. Our focus areas are 
trade RX, the trade teams which is multivitamins will be one segment where we will 
be launching it in. We are launching in respiratory segment, we are launching in 
women health portfolio and we are looking anti-infective as one of the portfolios so, 
these are the four or five TAs where our focus areas will be and where our launches 
will come in. 
Hitesh Mahida: 
Okay, sir. And sir, will there be any patent products which will get launch from Pfizer 
India?  
S. Sridhar: 
No, not at this juncture, no.  
Hitesh Mahida: 
And sir as far as pricing policy is concerned have we seen the last of it or we expect 
more products to come in?  
S. Sridhar: 
See pricing policy is now once in a five year cycle my friend and NLEM will get 
revised once in five years so next revision of NLEM will be 2020 after five years. As 
and when NLEM get revised, the pricing impact will change so, that is one. So it is 
going to be once in five year cycle so that is way of the life at the policy currently 
staying. In between, if NPPA like last time decide to bring in some products certainly 
into price control, then it will be unfortunate. I am hoping that NPPL does not do 
that now that we have a very fairly steady pricing policy of market and NLEM linked 
they should not really make those changes irrationally. So otherwise once in five 
year you will always see the change.  
Hitesh Mahida: 
Okay. And sir, what would your sales growth guidance going ahead?  
S. Sridhar: 
So we do not issue guidance’s like I said currently Y-T-D we are up about 8% to 9% 
growth there. We are closing the year and next quarter there. We will have 
probably a little better quarter than what we have this year therefore leading to the 
full year growth which is a little better than the Y-T-D growth.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deep Master from Enam Holdings. 
Please go ahead.  
 

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Deep Master: 
I joined the call about five minutes you were explaining about a 300 - 400 bps 
margin impact because of the exceptional items, could you just repeat that please.  
Ravi Prakash: 
The expenses have been impacted by two kinds of things this quarter, one is one-off 
expenses that we had those are mainly the provisions for the payment of Bonus Act 
and our office relocation cost. And the second one is there has been a timing impact 
of certain expenses which they use to happen in later quarters or some one-off 
investments so that is how the whole 400 basis points number came about.  
Deep Master: 
On the operating margins?  
Ravi Prakash: 
Yeah, on the EBITDA margin. Yeah, correct.  
Deep Master: 
So that some of the impact will be at the employee expenses well?  
Ravi Prakash: 
Okay, that is correct.  
S. Sridhar: 
And if there are no other questions Darryl we can close the call there.  
Moderator: 
Sure. Mr. Sridhar, would you like to add any closing remarks?  
S. Sridhar: 
Yeah, thank you for dialing in for the call guys. I think like I said some of our top 
products are doing well. It is our strategy of focusing on those products has really 
paid-off well. We have strong double-digit growth there. We are now focusing on  
lots and lots of changes over the last few months on our teams out here. We are 
making far more changes out here which help us to really get our second Tier 
brands also back on track there. Our line extension are doing well, our strategy of 
line extension is going to pay-off well. So I think a combination of all these things 
put together should really put us in a strong foot. Our margins have improved 
expect for some one-off unexpected expenses this quarter our EBITDA margins are 
lower otherwise we should be on track with EBITDA margins if you remove those 
one-offs as we committed in the early 20%-22% range in the short-term. So thank 
you for dialing-in, thank you for time. Talk to you soon and see you in the next 
quarter. Thank you.  

 
Pfizer Limited 
February 4, 2016 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much members of the management. We now conclude the                
Pfizer Third Quarter Ended 2015-16 Financial Results Analyst Teleconference.              
Thank you for using Chorus Call Conferencing Services. You may now disconnect 
your lines.  
 
0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
Certain statements made in this Conference Call may be forward-looking in respect to the 
Company’s business strategies and plans, future financial condition and results of operations.   
These forward- looking statements are by their nature subject to significant risks and uncertainties 
and actual results, performance and achievements may be materially different from those 
expressed in such statements.  Although the Company believes that the assumptions underlying 
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or 
incorrect and therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward 
looking statements will be realized.  Pfizer Limited undertakes no obligation to revise any such 
forward-looking statement to reflect any changes in the Company’s expectations in this regard. 
 
