Huhtamaki PPL Ltd.
(Formerty The Poper Producrs Lrd.)
centraf Headquarters:L.B.s.Marg,Majiwade,Thane-400601.Maharashtra, 
India.Tel No.: +9.1 (22)21735591 /5551,FaxNo: +91 (22)21735599/5650
Reg & Conp. Off.: 12A-06, B-Wing, 13th Floor, Parinee Crescenzo, c-38/39, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 4000s1, Maharashtra, India
Tel No: +91 (22)6174 0400 Fax No: +91 (22)611740401 I 2653 1310. CtN No: L21011MHtgSOfLCtaSSS7, Website: www.pptpack com
26th Februa ry,2OL6
The Department of Corporate Services
BSE Limited
P J Towers, Dalal Street,
MUMBAT-400 001,
Fax No. : (0221 227 2 3I2t/37 19 lZOj7
corp. relations@bseind ia.com
Ref: Security Code No.: 509820
Listing Department,
NationalStock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400 051
Fax. No. (022126s98237 / 8
cmlist@nseindia.com
Ref: PAPERPROD
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to intimation given on 18th February, 2016 in respect of conference call to discuss
financial results of the Company for the quarter/year ended 3l-'t December,2OL5, please
find encfosed herewith Transcript of the said conference call held on i.gth Februa ry,2016.
Kindly take the same on your records,
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Huhtamaki PPt Ltd..
D
Company Secr

Page 1
Transcript
Conference Call of Huhtamaki ppl Limited
Eivent Date / Time
Eivent Duration
Presentation Session
1gth February 2016, 03:30 pM IST
50 min 22 sec
Moderator: 
Ladies and genflemen, good day. And welcome to
Huhtamaki PPL Limited fourth quarter anO fYts eainings conference call hosted by
Aditya Birla Money Limited. As a reminder, all parlicipait lines are in the listen only
mode' Later thr:re will be an opporlunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
concludes. Please note that this conferenc, ls recorded. I would now like to hand over
the floor to Mr. {ihreyans Mehta from Aditya Birla Money. Thank you and over to you sir.
shreyans Mehta: 
Hi. Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. we welcome
you the 4Q CY15 earnings concall for the Huhtamaki PPL Limited. Today from the
management side we have Mr. Parag Vyavahare, the CFO of the company. We starl
with the call. We will have a brief update from the management on the results, after
which we will open the floor for the questions. Over to you sir.
Parag Vyavahare; 
Thank you Shreyans. Good afternoon ladies and genlemen.
Thank you for takingr interest in tracking HPPL and welcome to this e4 and the year
ended 2015 invrestment call. As the results are there with you lthink for a couple of
days, I will just tcriefly say a couple of comments and then throw the floor open for the
ouestions.
The year was quite challenging for us in terms of, in view of many things like the
geopolitical situation in overall exports market and the international markei has been
very tough. The Indian economy has (not clear) has been this thing. On the backdrop of
this thing we had a major acquisition which we went through some of the integraiion
related challenges, all the issues which we faced, all the difficulties that we faced.
Looking at that thing, I will say that the year has ended reasonably well for us and the
results have beeln satisfactory. And I can say with the happy note that our EpS is at
comfoftable level, as is (inaudible). Excluding the extraordinary items if I consider from
last year of Rs.9.9, we have gone to Rs.10.58, it is almost like lcan say 14/,o/oto 15%
increment. So, r,vith this I can say, I think it is a very happy mood from the point of view
of the shareholclers concerns and the fact that we took-a major loan to finance this
transaction. And also we financed the portion of the real value to the authorization of
this (not clear) the transition on the both sides, but I think still despite that thing, we have
been able to close the year very well. With that I would like to throw open the floor for
the people to ask:the questions. Thank you very much.
Question and Answer Ses.sion
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki ppL Ltrnited

Page 2
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the
question and answer session. lf you have a question, please press x and 1 on your
telephone keyprad.
Y"^j":: our first question from Ms. Praveen Sahay of BNK Securities. please go
aneao srr.
Praveen Saha.y: 
Thank you sir for taking my question. The first question is
related to the standalone numbers. The sales wer6 flai or just a 1%% increase yoy we
have seen versus the last quarter de-growth we have alsb seen. And also there has
been a good inrprovement in EBITDA margins. So,lf you give some information or light
on this, this quarler versus last quarler or something? '
Parag Vyavahare: - 
The last quafter was corrected because of the fact that it
began, of course the Q3 was very much on low side, and that definitely was a... .we had
seen (not clear). Because of the downturn, the impact was really, reatty treavy. But, as
we entered the Q4, the situation bit started improving and towards the year 
"no, 
I think
the, I will say the year ending, quader end went veri well in terms of the sales growth.
of course, not very, very high growth, but I think a detent turn compared to (inaudible) to
Q3. .So, the nrajor reason I will say is that the improvement on the EBITDA and the
margin numbers what we have been able to see on a standalone basis or even at the
consolidated level basis has been that the raw material prices have continued to be
s9-fter in_this quarter, because the oil slide has continued, so that has been having its
effect. Of course, to some extent that effect has been negated by the fact that the dollar
has appreciatecl vis-d-vis the rupee. But, overall still I thirik we were able to manage the
cost of the matc'rials as well as the sales mix well and also the expenses are managed
and the net result what you can see is that the EBITDA has grown,
Praveen Sahay: 
Sir, we can expect the sales mix going ahead will give the
same numbers, similar performance?
Parag Vyavahare:
Sorry, sorry, I didn't get you praveen.
Praveen sahay': 
sir, I just said, because we have seen a litfle bit
improvement in the sales, and as you have mentioned that there has been some recent
improvement on the business as well, so going ahead also we will see, expect the same
numbers for the sales?
Parag vyavahare: 
lt is very difficult, as you know praveen, as a policy we do
not give any guidance. So, though the trading conditions have not improved absolutely
to the most delightful expectations of one, but definitely we have been able to see some
improvement, which we have seen. And we are seeing some improvement compared to
let's say, relativel to last year Q3, compared to that thing. And we are seeinj that some
positive momentum can be seen. So, that is only whai gives us a bit of a comfort that
things would still be bit better. But, number wise I reallf would not like to put specific
numbers.
Praveen Sahay:
Yeah, definitely sir.
Parag Vyavahare 
Because, as you know because roughly the raw material
prices are continuously going down, so obviously that is going to impact on the selling
Transcript - Conference Call of HuhtimiklppL Limited-

Page 3
prices also, because 9uf industry as you know has a pass through mechanism. The
moment the raw material prices goes down, we cannot retain the benefits infinitely with
view that it is raw material prices driven. So, we end up passing on the decrease to the
customer. obviously the moment the sales prices comes down, sales value tends to
come down. So, those things keep on happening from period to period anJ quarter to
quafter etc. So, it becomes difficult to give the mii, because many factors are playing at
a point of time.
Praveen sahalr: 
sir, just more on the margin side that as you had arready
mentioned the IRM cost benefits has impacted the improvement in margins. ls there any
r.ole on the merger of the new entities as well played in the improvem6nt in the margin,
like any merger synergies and all also benefited th-ereof?
Parag Vyavahave; As we are operating, though legally on different entities, for
all.practical purposes and on the business side, we arJ opeiating as one entity. So, as I
said, we have been able to better leverage both our sales capability as well as the
purchase capacity' So., the purchasing ability we are having, yes Oefinitely we have
been able to get sonle, I can say better raw material cost advantage or whateier we can
say.
Praveen Sahay': 
And lastly sir, will that margin be sustainable, because this
time consolidated margin of 12.7% we have delivered? bo, is that sustainable?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Could be slightly difficult I will say. lt may be, I will say that it
is a really at a very historical level, onE oi tf'" very high number what is sitting there,
because the raw material costs were really, really quite-beneficial to this quarter. So, of
course you can't expect all your (not clear) to be in the best of the places probably. you
cannot expect tfrat.
Vipul Shah:
numbers sir.
Parag Vyavahare:
Praveen Sahay:
questions.
Okay, thank you sir. I will come in the queue for further
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. we have our next question from Mr. Vipul
Shah from Sumangal Investments. please go ahead sir.
Hi, good afternoon and congratulations for a good set of
Thank you.
vipulshah: 
sir, can you give any figures in terms of volume growth,
because as you said, you pass on the raw material cost benefit to the customers. So, it
naturally depresses tlre sales value. But, if you can give any volume growth numbers, it
will give us a hretter handle to understand what type of'underlyin! growth you are
having?
Parag Vyavahare; The volume growth is, do bear in mind that it is slighfly
difficult to compare,_because the last year numbers are slightly, excluding ttre positive
this year is in tire Positive. So, I wili comment that the numbers are more from the
standalone perspective, because that may be a proper numbers. So, probably I can say
that the volumes have grown at the rate of around s%% in the whole year.
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki pPL Limited

5Y2o/o, roughly?
Yeah.
For the entire year or the quarler sir?
For the entire year. For the entire year I am saying.
vipul shah' 
okay. And sir, can you grve any roadmap for the debt
retirement over the next twothree years, this 420 ooo ciores debt?
Parag vyavahare 
of the debt, around 385 crores of debt which is tne non-
convertible debentures of what we took for the financing of this acquisition, tnls is zy"
non-con
roan ir y 
:'iffff i[i:T3?1",.]i,,I;1il!
bullet re
doins a 
:",?'::#,""1"-1i",?yilfl'',",i_"J
and the
Vipul Shah:
Parag Vyavahare:
Vipul Shah:
Parag Vyavahare:
Vipul Shah:
Parag Vyavahare:
Vipul Shah:
Parag Vyavahare:
loan.
Page 4
So, I didn't get it, your coupon rate is 7% su?
Coupon rate is 7o/o.
Plus, whatever is the forex cover we must have taken.
No, no, there is no forex covers at all. This is a 7o/o rupee
vipul shah; 
This is a 7% rupee roan. And sir is it possibre to give
separate margins for this positive packaging and standalone paper products?
Parag Vyavahare; 
We may not like_to give that separately. But I will say, I don,t
think the margins are very widery different. The-y are not very widery different.
Vipul Shah:
More or less they are converging.
Parag Vyavahare; 
More or less. Half of a percent, percentage point differences
here and there, because depending on each cost siructure, the product that we sell, the
kind of markets that we sell, depending on that, some difference could be there. But,
that is not somellhing I can really tell is very much realized. No material difference. No
major difference:;.
vipul shah.' 
okay, thank you sir. And ail the best for the future.
Parag Vyavahare; 
Thank you.
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Our next question is from Mr. Apurva Mehta
of KSA Securities. Please go ahead.
Transcript - Conferenceffi

Apurva Mehta: 
Hi sir.
wanted to ask was currenfly what
Positive?
Parag Vyavah,are; Roughly
80% capacity utilizatron.
Page 5
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, one thing I
are the capacity utilization in both standalone a-nd
we will be operating somewhere between ZO% to
Apurva Mehta,: 
70% to go%. And in the rast quafter we saw some, earrier
n standalone and the consol figures, there was a huge gap
standalone we saw a margin of 11.67. when we sprit it up into
company, rest of the consol, there was a margin of 14.6 or
Parag Vyavahare; 
No, it has got to do with; inherenfly the product portfolios are
slightly different. They are not 100%lxact replicas of each other. positive does have
that effect, when we try to segregate those n
Parag Vyavahare:
Apurva Mehta:
that?
Apurva Mehta:
Parag Vyavahare:
Apurva Mehta:
basis... .?
Apurva Mehta:
current quarter?
This you are talking for the e4 or you are talking for the....?
Q4. Q4. So, any product mix change or anything related to
Sir, what is the Webtech turnover this full year?
lt will be roughly around 94%-gsro or something like that.
94%o-95%. Sir, Q4 we saw some loss in it, on consol
Sir, currently how they are doing, during this quarter now,
d is, they have faced the, what I will say is
harsh impact in the e4, because of that
wth has been very muted for them in this
was very pathetic. There has been a, as y
So, obviously thr-. agricultural sector which
AlffiffiiXXli,'ilT;$i
econd thing is, in the export
ny of the pharma companies.
Transcript - Conte

Page 6
Parag Vyavahare: lt is sljghtly premature to talk about that thing. But, I think,
but I will say that Q4 was a blip. we o'on't expect it i" i"rirv !ort of continuing trend, I will
say.
Apurva Mehta: 
sir, what is the currenfly, what is the export percentage
currently what,we are having in both combined entities?
Apurva Mehta: 
okay. And rast year any growth was there in that? we were
growing or we had de-growth? What was there in thJexpor-ts?
re has not been growth, because of those
you. One factor definitely has been that the
very huge amount of geopolitical uncertaint
Parag Vyavahare:
Combined we are at around 2STo or so
Apurua Mehta:
But still we are facing the challenges currenfly also?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Still those challenges are there, because they can,t go off.
;omething that this will go off in one month or
wait and then, because always when these
quarter, two quarter, people cannot adjust t
year and a half kind of period. So, we hav
to survive etc. etc. So, we have also tried
cooperate with our customers and tried to see how we can exist to make both the ends
meet and the neleds of both the parties are met. So, that we remain firmly rooted in
those market and prevail with the customer. And that is what we are trying to do. And of
course at the same time, we are also trying to see how (not clear) nLw-customers we
can get or whatever. lt will take some time.- lt will take some time. Generrity ir you ask
me, whether it will be six months or one year, two years, three years, five years, it will be
very difficult to sary.
Apurva Mehta: 
sir, but the impact will be not there because we have g5% of
our sales over there. So, do you find any significant impact will be coming or will it be
nominal whateven?
Transcript - Conference Call o Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 7
because we have seen the whole year's
have seen. So, the situation will continue I
don't think there is going to be any major
we have been hearing the views that those
staft to have some positive effect on the oil
economies. But, it is still some way to go.
that, okay, maybe the negatives from hlre
should not be there.
larag Vyavahatre; Obviously. O
But, one needs to keep in mind thjt the
doldrums. The growth rate everywhere
is not going to be easy, because there
It is not that, let's take an example like Aus
say maybe go to Europe, it is not that p
they tried consuming and hence there will
ew market, whether as new products or the
or giving the same offerings (not clear). All
t, it does take time to bear results.
Apurva Mehta: 
sir, currenfly what is our import content for the raw
materials? Are we importing?
Parag Vyavahare 
Yeah, yeah, we do import substantially. Almost I can say,
450 crores to 500 crores of imports we are dr ing per annum.
Apurua Mehta,:
East and Africa?
Apurva Mehta:
Parag Vyavahare:
hedge.
So, are we exploring any new markets other than Middle
Sir, we are hedging or does our natural hedge (not clear)?
We have a natural hedge. Largely we have got naturar
Apurva Mehta: 
sir, any bonus provisions for what, everybody is doing....do
we have any, thirs (not clear)?
Parag Vyavahare:
Sorry, I didn't get your question very clearly.
Apurva Mehta: 
- sir, bonus provision which every company is doing because
of this new polic'y of the Government of provision of bonus, so do you have any impact
on this quafter?
Parag vyavahare; 
yeah, we had. we had impact in this quarter. we had. we
also had to do the provision, because it is a reirospective amendment that the
Transcript-Confereffi

Page 8
Government hias come up with. So, we also had to review our position and we had to
make some additional provisions to cover.
Moderator: 
__.._ _Thank you sir. sir, we have our next question from Mr.
Praveen Sahay from BNK Securities. pleast go ahead.
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for the follow up question sir. How much of the
excise duty this time sir, this quarter, consoridated resuits?
Apurua Mehta:
Sir, what will be the amount, approximate amount?
Parag Vyavahare: I will not like to specifically put a figure on this. But, the
impact is not much, I will say. I don,t like to (not clear), '
Apurua Mehta:
Okay. Thanks a lot sir.
Parag Vyavaheve:
clear.
I didn't get this question, praveen, in the sense it is not very
Praveen Sahay,:
7.3.
Okay. So, last time you had said it is somewhere around
Praveensahay: ..sir, basicaily earrier we used to get a number....rike gross
sales, then the rexcise and then the net iomes. so, this time we had compared....?
Parag Vyavahare; 
No, we have removed it. Because, if you see the excise for
us is a pass through mechanism, so we realized that it is better noito report it and that is
why we have started to s^traightaway reporting on the net level basis. Because, the
excise for us is around 12%. But, whatever, this doesn't apply to exports and it doesn,t
apply to let's sa'y our (not clear) so, whatever the ratio sometimes we'get weelty ttrere at
times.
Parag Vyavahare; 
Typically
roughly it might be around 4|o/o to
around that. Because, roughly one can say that
50% turnover will be (inaudible). So, average will
And the next is, employee strength sir, by the end of
come to around that.
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay.
4Q?
laragvyavahare; lt will be roughly around 1560 employees in HppL. And
Positive will be again 1400 (inaudible).
Praveen Sahay: 
(Not clear) is there any change sir?
Parag vyavahare; 
smail changes wiil be there. smail changes.
Praveen Sahay: 
Small?
Parag vyavahare; 
Nothing really abnormally high. Typically we would add
some equipmenit or we are trying to do something, teiru peopie here and there we
typically add.
Transcript - conference Caffi

Page 9
Praveen sahay: .. 
sjt, lastly on the_market dynamics in the flexible packaging in
India' we had seen the exit from one^of the plafeti "no (not clear) consolidation
happening. So, r,ry6s1 is your take on that?
Praveen saha.y: 
sir, we have seen that there is, one of the prayers has
exited, even they have sold their flexible verticals to some other, like an international
player' So, what is your take on the consolidation of flexible market in India? ls that
happening or slighfly we had also taken a pause there?
Parag Vyavahizre; Consolidation to
(not clear) and positive are consolidated o
s very, very dramatically. That will
or by all people put together or all
market Reary we wir have to do a rot Xi;il,Ti;i'',iJfl':fl J"-'""::1 iX,: li:
consolidation impact coming in the market.
Praveen sahay': 
Right. And on debt side again sir, rike how much of the
gross debt we have currenfly?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, I didn't get you.
Can you just give me a minute, I will just check? Roughly
Okay. Fine sir. Thank you.
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We have our next question from Mr. sunil
Kothari fronr Unique Investment. please go ahead.
Parag Vyavahare:
around 529 crores.
Praveen Sahay:
Sunil Kothari:
to...
Parag Vyavahare:
Sunil Kothari:
Parag Vyavahare:
Sunil Kothari:
. 
Okay. Sir, regarding this standalone entity, I am trying to
empl.oyee cost has gone up by almost 160/0-170/o sir.'So, ii there any
additions or this is just wage revision and just bonus provisions? | am
rdalone.
Parag vyavahare: - Are you referring to the yearly numbers or are you referring
to the quarterly numbers?
Thank you for the opportunity sir. sir, this question is rerated
sunil-bhai, try to tark srighfly roudry. your voice is very faint.
No, yearly. lt has gone up to 133 crores from 126.
No, no, one second, standalone entity you are talking of?
Yeah, standalone.
Transcrlpt-Confereffi

Page 10
Parag Vyavahare.' No, standalone what you are saying, the numbers have gone
up from where to where?
sunil Kothari: 
From 126 it has gone to, sorry, from g4 crores it has gone to
97%. So, any major addition to sales?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, I think one needs to remember that there are three-four
impacts in this; area. One is that some number of employee increase have definitely
taken place, because we did add certain capacities in the factory last year. lf you
remember, las;t year we did a major expansion in Silvassa and Hyderabad. 
-So,
obviously some of the employee strength did not come completely for the whole of the
2014. So, thev joined in 2014, but there were various points of time that people kept on
coming. But, in the current year you saw, you are able to see it for the whole of tne year.
So, that is one part I would say. The regular incremental impact is there. Third is also I
will say, some impact has come because of this bonus provision revision impact also
has come. Src, I think those factors will have contributed. So, othenruise it ts not a
number of em5rloyees or something, like it has suddenly gone to 100 or some 200 or 300
employees, no, nothing like that. lt is a nominal employee increase of thirty, forty, fifty
employees, which typically takes place anywhere, because we are trying to do things
here and there etc. That kind of changes will be there.
incurred lot of expenses in terms of completing the acquisition and etc. etc. But, that we
would have spent close to around, lthink if lam not mistaken around Rs.2% crores or
something, whole year.
Sunil Kothari:
And one more thing is that what is the CAPEX we have for
standalone entity and consolidated during this 2015?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Yeah, that is what I told you, roughly around 27, crores to 3
crores expenses are there, that's right, okay. Please ask me the last question again
please? Sunil-bhai'7
Sunil Kothari:
time like?
Parag Vyavahare:
Moderator:
question now?
Parag Vyavahare:
Moderator:
Please go ahead sir.
Avinash:
Parag Vyavahizre:
Avinash:
Huhtamaki?
And sir, any merger related activity, which is what the one
Not very major. I will say....throughout the year we have
Sir, he has left the queue sir. Shall we move to the next
Yeah, please.
We have our next question from Mr. Shreyans Mehta.
Hi Parag. This is Avinash from Aditya Birla.
Yeah, Avinash. Please tell me.
Yeah Parag, one thing, are we giving any technical fee to
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 1 1
Parag Vyavahare:
Avinash:
Parag Vyavahare:
No.
Any technical fees, any royalties?
No, no.
Avinash: 
okay. And the second thing is, during the carend ar yeal
2015, have we added any other markets in our export markets, beciuse it was not there
in 2014? Any other destination which we have added?
Parag Vyavahare: 
We would have added. But, I am not able to recollect. But
not very hugely significant, making any major difference immediately. We would have
added, because the penetration in various countries keeps on happening. So, you Keep
on going into different, different markets. So, those activities are on. gut, nothing very,
Yery' t will say, hugely significant immediately. lt will take time to bear its fruits.
Because, when new countries we will enter, there obviously is resistance for entry as
you know' I drln't have specific country names here. Maybe I can check later and tell
you.
Avinash: 
Okay, one more thing. What is our policy like; Huhtamaki
would have other subsidiaries in different countries. So, when we compete with our own
group companies, so what is the policy between group companies when we are into
export market?
Parag Vyavahizre.' Typically what happens is, there always is a....there is a first
incumbent who is sitting there in that market. So, typically when an incumbent is sitting
in that market, generally as a group we try to follow a polity of, I will say it co-operationl
cooperative competition. In the sense, if somebody is selling X pioduct and at a
reasonable pric,e, and that price is not this thing, so we don't try to be price warriors and
go into competiitive market and say that, okay, I will sell that pioduct at a lower price in
that thing and then snatch away business from that thing because, that actually is going
to destroy the value for thg whole group. so, when we try to compete or we try to
operate in thosre markets, the approach is that you have youi competence in X product,
fine, you sell thiat thing. I have competence in the Y product and if you are not into the y
product, then we will go and sell the Y product in those markets. br, with their existing
customers, if they supply X product, I will not go to the same customers and sell i
product. I will see whether I can selly product. That is how it operates.
Avinash: 
Okay. So, basically if you have gone to a market or a market
or to a customer, who at presently there is no Huhtamaki subsidiary catering to, then you
are free to do thrat?
Parag Vyavahare:
Avinash:
Parag Vyavahare:
loudly?
Avinash:
Yes, yes.
Okay. Sir, one question from (not clear).
Sorry, your voice is very, very faint. Can you talk slighfly
Yeah, yeah. Sir, can you hear me now?
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki ppL Limited

Parag Vyavahare:
Avinash:
Parag Vyavahare:
Avinash:
Parag Vyavahare:
reference to that.
Avinash:
Parag Vyavahare:
Avinash:
Parag Vyavahare:
Moderator:
from Systematics. Please go ahead.
Parag Vyavahare:
together is (not clear).
Ankit Ghosh:
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Ghash:
Parag Vyavahizre:
around 90 crores.
Ankit Ghash:
what is the CAFTEX?
Page 12
Barely, barely.
Just a second. Sir just wanted to understand...
Now, it is very clear, very clear. Thank you.
Sir, the cost of debt you said is 7%, right?
385 crores of NCD what we have, I was talking only with
Okay, that is the NCD portion.
Yeah, the NCD porlion.
Okay, that is it from my side.
Yeah, next question Moumita.
Yes sir. We have our next question from Mr. Ankit Ghosh
Ankit Ghosh: 
Thank you sir. Thank you for taking my question. My
question was with regards to what earlier one of my colleagues asked, what is the
CAPEX we ha've done for CY15 and what would be the expelted CAPEX for the next
few years?
I will tell you, just a second. Roughly all three entities put
We have done additions of roughly around Rs.85 crores.
Sir, 85 crores is at consolidated or ppl and H?
Consolidated.
And just the standalone basis, HPPL how much sir?
On standalone on HPPL basis we have done additions of
90 crores. And what is the future plan for the next two years,
Parag Vyavahare: 
My expectation is that both the entities put together, all three
entities put togedher roughly, actually we will keep on adding at least 75 crores-8o crores
of CAPEX still we will keep on adding. Because, in this business you don't create
CAPEX at a very large capacity at one go and then make a CAPEX (not clear) next
three-four years. lt doesn't happen like that. Typically you keep on doing CApEX every
year, because you are still, you have to catch a 1o%-12o/o, 15% growth every year, you
need CAPEX at typical intervals of anywhere between twelve to eighteen moni6s. And
then in between, at one point of time, you suddenly feel there is a surge in the growth or
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki ppL Limited

Page 1 3
you see some new things to do some time, we may do some additional CApEX at that
point of time.
AnkitGhosh: 
okay. Sir, this Cy15 numbers if I see, 10 crores for
standalone, C,qPEX I am talking about, then 85 crores on a consol basis, so 65 crores
could be with regards to the Webtech and ppl, right si--
Paragvyavahare Webtech plus Positive and.....let me just reconfirm. one
minute, I hope I have not made a mistake. L?T :orw. sorry, I thought, so sorry. I gave
you the depreciation figure, I am so sorry. .This format 'r .righflv new to me. dorry, the
additions are at, the gross additions are at 45.6 crores
Parag Vyavahare: 
45.6, so total company wise, total all three entities put
together is 45.6 and standalone, as I mentioned is zo. do, when I read that number,
suddenly I felt lthat' I know for sure that those other entities have not added so much, so
ljust went bacl.i to it. Thanks for asking me both these questions.
Ankit Ghosh: 
Arright sir. sir, webtech has done a compreted cApEX
cycle, a small CApEX addition last year itseif, right sir?
Parag vyavahitre; 
No, there also, again all these three businesses operate
almost on similar basis. Every year we will kJep on aoJing some cApEX. so, it is not
that you added a capacity.
Ankit Ghosh:
Ankit Ghosh:
not wrono.
Ankit Ghosh:
Moderator:
of BNK Securities.
45.6 crores.
Right. In Hyderabad we have done some expansion, if I am
Okay sir. Thanks a lot.
Thank you sir. Our next question is from Mr. Rohan pandya
Paragvyavaheve; No, 2014 we did rot of expansion in sirvassa and some
expansion in Hyderabad. 2015 we have not done any major expansion. What we have
done are basically are the carry forward of the .rr" bnptx which we had initiated last
y.9al'. We basiically went on and completed them in the current year. Whereas in
webtech also they had registered certain CAPEX tast yeir, largely they have gone in
and completed it in the current year. And same is the case taigety wiitr the positive.
That is why the current year CAPEXfoT 2Q15, what I have got capitalized what we are
d to be changed, wrapping or weighing
some fire-fighting equipment you neeO... _
Rohan Pandya: 
Hi sir. Thank you for taking my question. Just want to
understand that if our parent Huhtamaki is planning to inciease or decrease the stake or
Transcript - Conference catt offi

Page 14
something like that. Because, there were talks going on in this, so just want to know
what is going on.
Parag Vyavahare: . .. 
Not to my knowledge at all. Rather as a part of this merger if
you see, Huhrtamaki's stake will slighfly go down, as a part of merger if you see.
Webtech, when it will get merged with us, the Huhtamaki as well as the general public,
both stakes will slighfly go down.
Rohan Pandya: 
Right sir. one more question, I just want to understand, our
company's bus;iness is linked to the FMCG sectoi, so what kind of guidance do you see
going ahead? Because, lot just guidance, I want to understand, whlt kind of orders you
are getting, what is there? ls there some traction in this kind of, in that space?-
Parag Vyavahare: 
You need to understand that this business doesn,t work on
at we get. lf the orders are small, you are
view, certain orders we have to fuifill let,s
days and certain orders we can get let,s
crores to 200 c;rores of sares of what we want ," %.:'if::f;:"Jt3::nul,,H:ij?:fu:::
175 crores to 1200 crores and we will then execute them every month. lf you have got
500 crores order book with you now and you are trying to exeiute it comfortably. No, it
is^not like that thing. So, everyday you are trying to ge-t that 5 crores, 7 crores, g crores,
10 crores ordels or whatever.
Rohan Pandyit:
Okay. So, recurring orders are, we don,t see much of that?
Parag Vyavahiare; No, no, recurring orders, these are recurring orders. you are
dealing with the same.customers every oay. aut, it is not like that thing that he is giving
you, somebody' is giving you 50 crores oider and saying that, suppli me roi the next
three months. No, it is not rike that. Even he may be buling, somebody maybe buying
from me, let's say, 5 crores worth of goods, but hewill noigive me one order of 5 crores
at one go in onre month. And maybe in a month he will "niup 
giving me seven, eight or
ten orders.
Rohan Pandya:
Okay, alright. That is allfrom my end. Thank you.
Moderatori 
Thank you sir. We have our next question from Mr. Vipul
Shah of Sumangal Investments. please go ahead.
Vipul Shah 
. Sir, can you clarify your position on how do you divide the
export territory between the parent company and you? That was the question, but I
could not get your answer.
Parag Vyavahare: . . 
Basically what happens is the, it is not that we try to divide or
something like that thing. Some of the territories oper"i", all the entities can operate
there' But, depc'nding on the guy who ended up first ano rre is servicing X customer or X
product line, .thr-on you will not try to venture into that. We will not- go to the same
customer and try to 
snatch away the businesJ. So, generally
when his presence 
ent with certain customer and if we know
that thing, even if th 
: to you or by chance you end up going there
or something and you realize, you typically will trrect< with them that if this customer are
Transcript - Conference Catt of Huntamat<i ppL t_imiteO

Page 1 5
you servicing? Or, in this customer market, are you servicing? Can lgo? Can I not go?
That is how you check with each other and then you operate like that thing.
Vipul Shah; 
Okay. So, there is no formal distribution of areas or
territory?
Parag Vyavahare: Very, very formal, it is not possible. lt is very difficult,
because the product portfolio is neither 100% same or neither 100%o divergent,
completely. lt is not that the one entity is producing steel and one entity is producing
aluminum. Sio, they both have no problem and still claim it, I can go and sell the
aluminum every year. lt is not like that thing. Company may be selling, let's say to give
an example, somebody is selling let's say, I am the flat and somebody may be selling
the long. So, one has specialized in one and one has specialized in the other.
Vipul Shah; 
Okay. And sir, you said your raw material import is around
500 crores, rilght?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Roughly, 450 crores to 500 crores, I said.
Vipul Shah; 
So, that roughly matches our export, right? Roughly?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Right.
Vipul Shah; 
So, both are in the same currency? Both are in dollars?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Largely in dollars. Largely in dollars.
Vipul Shah; 
Largely in dollars.
Parag Vyavahare.' Largely in dollars. 100o/o you cannot, because cedain
customers m:ry or certain customers may want to (not clear).
Vipul Shah; 
Means, from imports and exports perspective, we will not get
much of the heat that was what I was trying to understand?
Parag Vyavahare.' Largely balances out. Largely we will balance it out.
Vipul Shah; 
Okay, thank you sir.
Moderator: 
Sir, shall I move to the next question?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Yes, please.
Moderator: 
Yeah. We have our next question from Mr. Nikhil Upaday
from Securities Investment Management. Please go ahead.
Nikhil Upaday: 
Hi, good evening sir. And thanks for the opportunity.
Parag Vyavahare; 
Nikhil, could you talk slightly loudly? Your voice is very faint.
Nikhil Upaday: 
Okay sir. ls it audible now?
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

basically we t;et the order on a hand to mouth basis; on a regular basis you complete the
order and deliver it. So, that does explains our inventory days. But, if you look at our
receivable days, generally it is in the seventy to eighty days, so how does the payment
cycle move? Or, is it because of the exports that the payment cycle looks elongated?
Parag Vyavahare:
Yes, yes, export does have some impact in that. Export
does have inrpact. Definitely. Because, in exports, the payment cycle is slightly longer,
in the sense typically it will take anywhere between 60 to 100 days or so. And similarly
in the domestic market also, certain segments the payment cycles are slightly longer.
Parag Vyavahare:
Nikhil Upaday:
Nikhil Upaday:
then?
Parag Vyavahare:
Page 1 6
Yeah, now it is better.
Sir, just two questions. One was, you mentioned on,
But, what would be the average payment cycle for domestic
Domestic will be, I think is around 65-70 days.
Nikhil Upaday: 
Okay. And sir, basically if we look on the standalone basis,
on our gross margin as of now, you mentioned that we need to pass on most of the
benefits to the end consumer. So, but how is the lag generally? So, as and when we
get the orders on a weekly or a two to five days basis, as and when, so we have to pass
on the pricing subsequently or is it a lag? So, how does that work, if you can just say?
Parag Vyavahare:
Typically it works on three models. One, what is known as
the every month or every quarterly revision. So, whatever the changes in raw material,
in a template you have to feed those changes and positive, negative, depending on that
thing, you will get the increase or you have to pass on the decrease. That is one model.
Second modr=l is going to be a slight variation of this model, wherein a certain range,
within the range if certain movement takes place, then there is no change. lf the change
is outside that range, then you have to pass on or pass on the increase or pass on the
decrease. And third one is on the negotiations. Customers are operating on all these
models. And hence typically, the impact will keep on moving between, anywhere
between one month to three months. Maybe I will say four months will be on the outer
side; anywhere between one months to four months will be your implementation cycle of
the pass through.
Nikhil Upaday: 
Okay. So, just to get this idea clear, so as of now if we see
crude, if it rclmains in the band of 35, then the gross margins which we clocked in
December, tlrat should be the base gross margin which we should report over the
subsequent quarters, because then... ..?
Parag Vyavahare:
May not be. May not be, because what happens is that, in
the Q4 the riaw material prices went down. And the complete pass through of those
reduced prices would not have occurred to the customer. So, some of that portion will
pass through will occur in the current year's first quarter. So what happens is, if you see,
I think the crude declined very substantially from November-December. October I think
it was okay, but November-December were very bad for the crude.
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Nikhil Upaday:
Page 17
Okay. But sir, post that decline of 28 now, it is settling to 35.
So if we consider from October to February, the price of crude is largely again in the
same band. So, clo we need to again pass on the benefit, because largely we are on the
same price ars of now? Are the cost at which we would be buying... .?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, it doesn't work exactly like that way. Because what
happens is, you have to take a price, so you don't go everyday to the customer for the
new price. lt is not practically feasible, because the business will not function. So, you
go at typically at a ceftain difficult point, either at the month beginning or the quarter
beginning or when there is a major impact. Now, various quafters the price has been
lower, those ,effects which have not gone to the customer will go this quarter. You can't
retain the major reduction in the raw material cost forever. Because tomorrow the
converse will happen, when the raw material price increase, the customer will not
entertain me. Hello? Hello?
Moderator; 
Sir, he has left the queue sir. We have our next question
from Mr. Anuj Sharma from AM3 Investments. Please go ahead.
Anuj Sharmit:
Parag Vyavahare:
Anuj Sharmez:
Parag Vyavahare:
This is M3 lnvestments.
Anuj, your voice is very faint. Please speak loudly.
ls it better now?
Yes, now it is better.
Anuj Sharmer 
Okay. So, this is regarding the point which you said about
the order cycle for five to seven days. Has that been the trend for past many years or is
it a recent trend?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, no, when the, certain products as I told you it is five to
seven days and certain products will be two weeks and ceftain products could be (not
clear), if it is a new product or a slightly complex product or with a long manufacturing
cycle, you will get somewhere between three to four weeks. So, generally the cycles
have always been like this thing. But, only as the times become tough or as the
technology or the people's expectations or the market response has increased, so there
always is some reductions. So, maybe today what I am expected to supply in five to
seven days, rnaybe actually I was having maybe seven to ten days to deliver that.
Anuj Sharmiz:
But, just to understand the nature of this business, because
FMCGs have continuous production, why is the order for such a short notice? lf let's
suppose, it is; a six months, the production manager in FMCG has six months visibility,
why isn't he gyiving you a five to seven days order cycle?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, no, he also may not have six months visibility. He
himself is not having six months visibility. I don't think any FMCG will be operating on
six months kind of production cycle. No way, they cannot afford. Because, they also
have to provide for the changes in the product line. They have to have their (not clear)
changing every month. MRPs are changing every month. Manufacturing licenses could
be changing. There are seasonal factors in their product. So, none is having that
comfort.
Transcriot - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 1 B
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. And just again on this point, (not clear) cycle of five-
six, seven days, does he negotiate with other vendors as well or does it comes to one
company... .. ?
Parag Vyavehare: 
No, this five to seven days that I mentioned is, that is after
the price negotiation is over. That is the point when I am saying five to seven days, then
is when he says, okay, we have settled everything now, this is my order for X quantity,
deliver the rnraterial in five days or seven days, depending on the product or some other
product he will say two weeks.
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. Right sir, got it. Thank yoi,.
Moderator:
Thank you sir. There are no further questions. I would now
like to hand over the floor to Mr. Parag. Over to you sir.
Parag Vyavehare; Thank you very much all the investors and analysts for
taking interest in our company and parlicipating in this call by taking out your valuable
time. And we hope to talk to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you. Over to
Shreyans.
Shreyans Mehta: 
Thank you very much everyone for your participation. Thank
you sir for giving us this opportunity. Thank you.
Parag Vyavehare; 
Thank you. Bye, bye.
Moderator:
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your
conference call for today. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have
pleasant day.
Note.'
1.This document has been edited to improve readability.
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible
woros.
Transcriot - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited
