
Page 1 of 18
Siemens Limited Conference Call
March 4, 2016
Management: Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited

Page 2 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Moderator:
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Siemens Limited’s
Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your Touchtone
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to
hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director and Chief
Executive Officer of Siemens Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir.
Sunil Mathur:
Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you all. This afternoon the
Board of Directors of Siemens Limited approved the sale and transfer of its
healthcare undertaking as a going concern on a slump sale basis for a
consideration of Rs. 30.5 billion to Siemens Healthcare Private Limited, a
subsidiary of Siemens AG subject to requisite regulatory, statutory and
shareholder approvals. The consideration for the proposed transaction as
recommended by the audit committee is based on a valuation done by two
independent valuers Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India LLP and KPMG India
Private Limited.
In addition, the Board of Directors has also decided to consider the
distribution of 50% of the sale consideration as reduced by applicable capital
gains tax and dividend distribution tax as a special dividend at the first board
meeting after the completion of the proposed transaction.
Now let me share the rationale for this proposal with you. In May 2014,
Siemens AG announced an internal reorganization in to nine divisions and
one independently operated unit being healthcare. The key rationale for the
separation of the healthcare segment globally was the following.
One, to enable the Healthcare business to focus flexibly on the changing
global market requirements where, for example, there is an increasing
conversion happening in diagnostics and therapy with increasing regulatory
requirements and where business models are shifting towards outcome
based reimbursements. Two, to enable the Healthcare business to invest in
growth opportunities to respond to paradigm shifts where, for example, the
next generation healthcare IT could well include big data analytics in imaging
and In vitro diagnostics and where greater emphasize could be on molecular
diagnostics and life science tools.

Page 3 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Both of the above would reduce synergies with the rest of Siemens’
businesses and may also require enhanced capital allocations. The Indian
healthcare market is also witnessing the changing scenario in terms of
different business models and customer expectations which requires
significant investments to venture into newer areas in order to grow.
Government spending in healthcare is increasing and there is a rising
preference for locally manufactured products. Here it must be noted that the
Indian medical devices market is only approximately 4.4% of the total Indian
healthcare market.
Siemens is active within this medical devices market only to the extent of
32%. In other words, Siemens’ market within the overall Indian healthcare
market is approximately 1.4% or approximately Rs. 75 billion. The current
draft medical device policy promotes local manufacturing and total customs
duty on imports of medical devices has recently been increased from 11.76%
to 19.13%. Further growth is primarily being driven by tier 2 and tier 3 cities
with preference for value products where Siemens Limited is currently not
competitive due to large import content.
In addition, the emergence of different business models such as PPP could
result in increased risks for equipment suppliers. There is an increasing
industrialization in the sector with corporate chains investing in new facilities
and acquisitions to increase reach and bargaining power. Siemens Limited’s
healthcare undertaking is highly depended on Siemens AG and its
subsidiaries for products and technical knowhow as it has a largely important
product portfolio predominantly catering to the high end market.
Currently the turnover of the healthcare undertaking of Siemens Limited
consists of more than 85% of the products being imported from Siemens AG
and its subsidiaries. Given the heavy dependence of the Indian Healthcare
business on the parent and for long term sustainability and growth of the
healthcare undertaking in India substantial investments in R&D and
development of products and solutions unique to India are required.
The returns on these investments are expected to be realized over an
extended period of time given the need for strict regulatory approvals and
could also entail new risks some of which could have a contingent impact on
Siemens Limited’s other businesses. This transaction will enable Siemens
Limited to concentrate its resources to further grow in Power Generation,
Transmission and Distribution, Mobility, Industrial Automation and Smart

Page 4 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Cities while enabling Siemens Germany to increase its management focus on
and provide further resources to the Healthcare business in India to ensure
that it is able to use its global synergies to grow the business in India.
The healthcare undertaking contributed 13.6% of the Company’s financial
year 15 revenues, 10.9% of the total EBITDA and 8.5% of the total EBIT. In
financial year 15 the healthcare undertaking generated an EBIT margin of
4.7% as against 7.5% for Siemens Limited as a whole. Consequently, the
proposed transaction will be margin accretive for Siemens Limited. The
transaction is subject to regulatory statutory and shareholder approvals
including approval by an ordinary resolution and is expected to close on
July1, 2016.
With this I open it up for questions. Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the
question-and-answer session.
We have the first question from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go
ahead.
Renu Baid:
Sir, firstly wanted to basically understand that while proposing and approving
the structure of slump up sale on a going concern basis did the Company
consider alternate structures of having a possible stake in this new arm from
Siemens India or probably this seemed to be the most appropriate structure?
Sunil Mathur:
Yes, alternative structures were reviewed by the board/audit committee and
after considering all the pros and cons of the alternative structures it was
concluded that a lump sum sale on a going concern basis would be the most
appropriate structure for Siemens Limited.
Renu Baid:
And second, what proportion of the current business stream or the revenue
stream that we see is derived in terms of recurring service income from the
current installed base for Siemens India?
Sunil Mathur:
So let me explain, the total revenue structure of the Healthcare business
roughly as on September 2015 roughly 87% of the revenue came from
imported equipment which was sold basically on a trading basis in the
country. The remaining 13% included a mixture of some local manufacturing
which was probably to the extent of around 4% or 5% and service income
which is probably in the range of 10% or so.

Page 5 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Renu Baid:
And typically this would because service income where Siemens India would
have had the distinction in terms of the margin and profitability and not
governed by the transfer pricing for which that the other part of the business?
Sunil Mathur:
That is correct, although as you are aware the total business is subject to
transfer pricing. So while there may be a higher profitability on the service
part, on the product part it is much lower and in totality both, the service as
well as the product sale as well as the local manufacture all put together are
subject to transfer pricing regulations.
Renu Baid:
Will it be possible for you to give a slight perspective on how the service
income had grown in the last couple of years or was it broadly still steady?
Sunil Mathur:
The service income has grown over the last couple of years in line with the
business that has grown.
Renu Baid:
And sir, the last question. As the business unit is now demarked as a
separate entity valuations at approximately two times last year sales. What
would be the impact with respect to the headcount that will be moving out of
Siemens India into this separate arm?
Sunil Mathur:
So roughly 890 people will migrate to the new company.
Renu Baid:
And any large fixed assets base which would be transferred?
Sunil Mathur:
There is no large asset base which will be transferred to the new company.
Our business model involves certain machines which are used for urine
sampling and blood tests etcetera which are seeded with customers, and the
revenue is made out of reagents that are sold to operate these machines. So
these machines which are part of the asset base of healthcare and which are
actually lying with the customers already will be the primary part of the assets
that will be transferred.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish Nair from BNP Paribas
Securities. Please go ahead.
Girish Nair:
My first question is could you walk us through the rationale for the valuation
that of Rs. 30.5 billion as wanted to understand how you got to that number?
Sunil Mathur:
Well, the rationale is let us put it this way: The valuation has been done by
two agencies as I mentioned, KPMG and Deloitte. Both of them have used

Page 6 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
more or less the same parameters; one of it being DCS, Discounted Cash
Flow System and the other being the Market Price Method. Based on that,
both of them have come up with [broad] ranges. The valuation reports have
also been put up on the website so you will be able to see that the [valuation
ranges]. But effectively the valuation is in the range of in terms of both of
them between around Rs. 29 billion to Rs. 32 billion. Based on the ranges
provided in the valuation report, the Board has decided on a figure of Rs. 30.5
billion and after negotiation with the parent company.
Girish Nair:
And secondly, I wanted to understand what would you be doing with the
proceeds? First of all I wanted to know what will be the gain that you will
recognize from the sale?
Sunil Mathur:
As mentioned earlier, the board has decided that once the transaction is
closed there will be a board meeting where the board would like to consider
distributing 50% of the sale proceeds less capital gains tax less divided
distribution tax back to the shareholders. The remaining 50% shall be used as
capital allocation for the growth plans for the rest of our business.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from
Comgest India. Please go ahead.
Gagan Thareja:
In the last few years Siemens in India is embarked upon a localization
program you denominated in the name of Smart Projects. I would like to
understand given the scope in healthcare what hindered or what was the
strategic reason for not going ahead with the same degree of localization in
this segment?
Sunil Mathur:
Look, there are two triggers: the first trigger was essentially that Siemens AG
has taken decision back in May 2014 that they would like to have a separate
company to manage the Healthcare business and that this company should
be a global healthcare company primarily because market trends are
changing around the world and we need to be flexible in approaching that
market. Second, substantial investments may be required considering that
business models are changing.
Coming to the Indian part of the business let us look at the way the business
has been done. I think it is fair to say that in the last decade there has been
almost no capital expenditure that has been made on the Healthcare
business in India. And that reflects in the fact that the imported components in

Page 7 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
2013 was as high as 89% of revenues of the Healthcare business and it has
been fluctuating between 87% to 89% in the last three years.
Now as the tier 1 and tier 2 markets are beginning to get saturated it does
become critical to start looking at alternative options. Now the problem has
been as far as the market is concerned here in the country we have to go
down to the tier 2 and tier 3 markets. Now if we have to go down to tier 2 and
tier 3, we have to start developing localized solutions for these high end
products. The products relating to the Healthcare business that we have been
selling in India are primarily imaging and diagnostic products.
Now the technology in these products is actually advancing in to the high end
part of the business of the technology, whereas the Indian market is requiring
a much lower end product. Now Siemens to be fair does not have currently
the technology for the low end market which would mean a whole lot of R&D
would be required in order to get into the low end market and to find
appropriate price levels which are relevant to the relevant market let us say
tier 2, tier 3 markets.
Now linked to this R&D, substantial investments in manufacturing will also be
required. Now because these products are medical products regulatory
approvals take more time than normal as well. So put that all together getting
an R&D solution for which is equivalent to a high end solution for a low end
market linked to the fact that regulatory approvals and the manufacturing
process could take time. We are looking at an extended period of time before
returns will start coming in. Whether those returns will be margin dilutive or
margin accretive to Siemens Limited business is the question we had to
address within the Siemens India board.
And this is of course unknown territory for us right now, and therefore when
Siemens Germany wanted to have a completely separate company, the
Indian board reviewed its options and came to the conclusion rather than
investing in R&D and manufacturing over a long period of time with
uncertainty and about our ability to reach the margin levels that would be
accretive to Siemens Limited’s current margin levels it would be more prudent
to take that into account in the business case and then build that into the price
and recover that amount from the buyer. And that is what is therefore been
the conclusion to and also the conclusion or recommendation then to
distribute part of it to the principal shareholders or to all the shareholders.

Page 8 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Gagan Thareja:
Just an additional question again on an extension to the same question. India
would be just one of the so-called emerging markets with similar requirements
diagnostics and imaging with the threshold quality but at a much of audible
price/affordable price? So would the decision to localized manufacturing or
sort of do the R&D requisite for this kind of requirement not have been
thought of in that context. And at the same time if you feel can you give some
inputs or your opinion on how Siemens’ peers have also sort of tackled this
dilemma in the healthcare diagnostics and imaging market?
Sunil Mathur:
So yes, you are right. There are markets outside of India which are also low
end markets. Frankly speaking none of these markets have been approached
with low end products either and most of our competitors are attempting to
reach these markets with higher end products. Now this is where the whole
question lay and this is where the Indian board had to take a call. Does it
make sense for us to start massive investment over here with R&D etcetera
and try and develop lower end products which would sell in the Indian and
other markets without really having synergies to the rest of our business?
So there is no synergy for example between healthcare and power generation
business. But we had to take the call, is this a road that we want to go down
in terms of long term investments which could be substantial investments with
possibly lower than normal margins that we are currently used to within
Siemens business or alternatively do we leave that decision to the parent
company to take to try and grow the business through their own investments
and using their own governance systems and procedures. Please note all the
22 other factories that we have put up and localization activities that we have
had have been the result of technologies that have already been available
which we have then adapted to the Indian environment. Unfortunately, over
here with that technology is not available for the low end market.
Coming to the second part of your question in terms of what are our
competitors doing. Our main competitors in India firstly are 100% healthcare
companies. They are not conglomerates the way we are with our businesses.
They are a 100% healthcare companies. Secondly, all of them are importing
the same equipment that we are. There is one company that has a very
localized solution to one product which we do not manufacture. But other than
that most of the competition is also importing what we are importing.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harish Bihani from Kotak.
Please go ahead.

Page 9 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Harish Bihani:
Sir, if you look at the cash balance as of today plus the operating cash flow
which you will generate over the next two, three years broadly and the
CAPEX which is there, is it better to kind of give a higher dividend payout in
this particular scenario because the cash already is significant in the balance
sheet? And in case the second question related would be are you looking at
lower improvement in terms of an operating cash flow and that is why you
would want more cash or are you increasing your CAPEX you are setting up
more factories which would require more CAPEX?
Sunil Mathur:
So let us look at the businesses that will remain within Siemens. We are
looking at power generation, transmission, distribution and our mobility
business. Our mobility business looks at metros, looks at high speed trains,
looks at locomotives. And then we have Smart Cities. Now all of these
businesses as you know are capital goods are also capital intensive are also
capital allocation intensive. So as the market develops and we know the
market is going to develop here in India, we will need to allocate substantial
capital into these businesses as new business models emerge and if we want
to bring in lot of the technologies that are available globally and will eventually
be required here in the country.
So the distribution of dividend has been taken on the basis or the
recommendation and by the way this is only a consideration that the board is
making to distribute 50%. The rest of it will be used for growth plans and
putting in finding financing models, finding CAPEX models for the rest of our
business for which we are very, very upbeat.
Harish Bihani:
Sorry, but if I want to persist on this if you look at the CAPEX maximum
CAPEX which we have done in the last 10 years if I look at is Rs. 4.4 billion,
about Rs. 4 billion for two year is what you did. In the operating cash flow
generation which possibly you can do in the next two, three years and the
CAPEX requirement that will itself take care of that plus you will have a free
cash flow generation. So I am a little unsure that you may require such high
capital cash balance. In case the financing model which you talked about is
there a thought process on getting some Siemens financing which already is
done by one of the parent company or something of that thought of in the
Siemens Limited listed company?
Sunil Mathur:
So look, we are in to very high CAPEX, right. We are into HVDC plants, we
are into locomotives, we are into high speed trains and we are into metros. All
of these businesses are going to require substantial local CAPEX. All of these

Page 10 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
businesses are also going to work at much different working capital cycles
than we have been currently working at and used to. So looking at our growth
plans in the country, looking at the growth plans of the country we are very
upbeat and we would like to address these markets aggressively and
therefore we believe that the distribution that we are doing right now that we
are proposing is a fair distribution.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Goyal from Enam
Holdings. Please go ahead.
Manish Goyal:
So continuing from the previous question. Basically I have the similar concern
on the capital requirement. So you mean to say that going forward especially
in mobility we will probably look to invest large money for probably setting up
facilities for locomotives or high speed trains?
Sunil Mathur:
Without giving a forward looking statement we are definitely looking at all
technologies that we can address here in the country. We have as Siemens
AG has our parent company as you know we do work in high speed trains, we
do work in metros, we do work in locomotives. And those are technologies
that we would like to bring into India at some point in time as well.
Manish Goyal:
Yes sir, exactly. Because recently we have already been seeing that in
locomotives two multinational have already been selected to setup facilities
and on metro side already we have couple of large players and a domestic
player present. So would not be like it will become very competitive for
Siemens to put large capital in businesses which probably can generate low
returns?
Sunil Mathur:
Look, we are looking at every business case that we get from the perspective
of what is going to be the return on investment very clearly. And you
mentioned the two locomotives projects that we have been awarded you
know the value of those projects and you know the amount of CAPEX that is
going to have to go into those projects. And that is only the beginning of the
railway business. Now as you are also aware the global CEO of Siemens
came in September and made an announcement that Siemens wants to
invest €1 billion in business here in the country. And plans are in place over
the next five to seven years of how we intent to do that.
Manish Goyal:
So which can be the other areas say apart from mobility where we could
probably look to deploy such large capital? Because last year also we had

Page 11 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
sold our metal business where we got large cash and now even from
healthcare. So just want to know which are the other areas where you can
probably look to invest large money?
Sunil Mathur:
Yes, and thank you for mentioning the metal business. Here we were very
clear at that point in time that, that was the business that will not bring in
returns into the Company and a year later I think exactly what we had
projected has materialized and the steel market is down and that business
would have been a major burden on our bottomline. And that is basically
going to say when we are doing transactions of this sort we are looking very
carefully at what the bottomline will be while making investment in the
business.
Manish Goyal:
No sir, what I was probably looking at is that which are the other areas where
you can probably look to invest or say apart from mobility?
Sunil Mathur:
So we are looking at power generation, we are looking at transmission and
distribution. We are looking at the area of Smart Cities. We are looking at
‘Make in India’ factories, factory automation. We are looking at making energy
efficient solutions. There are lots of areas that we believe that we can
contribute to the government’s program of growth in the country.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Misal Singh from Religare.
Please go ahead.
Misal Singh:
So Sir, in 2011 there was a business which was amalgamated in Siemens
Limited that was Siemens Healthcare. So what part of the business that you
have sold was Siemens Healthcare that time?
Sunil Mathur:
So at the time you are right, Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Limited was
acquired in 2011. Today this business is about 30% of the Healthcare
business. And this is the Diagnostic business that I was mentioning to you
where machines are seeded with customers and we sell reagents for them.
Misal Singh:
So you are saying this 30% was the Diagnostic business?
Sunil Mathur:
Yeah.
Misal Singh:
Sir, and you gave some numbers on the medical devices market. So you said
Rs. 75 billion is the addressable market for Siemens Healthcare?

Page 12 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Sunil Mathur:
That is right.
Misal Singh:
So that corresponds to about 1.4% of the total medical devices market?
Sunil Mathur:
That is correct. Of the total Healthcare market, not of the medical devices
market. So let me go again. By the way everything that I mentioned to you is
on the website. We have a pack over there which will give all these details on
the market as well. So let me start again. The total market of our Healthcare
is Rs. 54 billion, total market. But this covers areas where Siemens is not
necessarily prevalent. Now in that market the medical devices market out of
that is roughly 4.4% which translates to about Rs. 240 billion.
This is just the medical devices. The rest of it is a whole lot of consumer parts
and hospitals and all that over which we are not participating. Of the medical
devices which is 4.4% of the total Healthcare market Siemens India serves
1.4% of the total market or other words 32% of the medical devices market
which is Rs. 75 billion.
Misal Singh:
Finally, on this whole thing that because if you go back to 2011 there was
also VAI Metals Technologies which was merged with Siemens Limited. And
there was also Healthcare. So after the new management or after the new
CEO has come in at the parent level so now this is you are reversing all of
that which had happened around 2011 is that one way to look at it?
Sunil Mathur:
No, I do not think it is. Let me just give you the rationale. I think it is important
for everyone on the call to understand we are a multinational company. We
benefit from the research and developments activities of the parent we benefit
from the technology that is derived out from the parent and we benefit also
from the reach that the parent has around the world and the experience that
they have in setting up factories and doing business around the world.
Now on the other hand there are certain things that we have to also accept as
being part of a multinational which is when the global parent in the global
interests decides to carve in or carve out make an acquisition or make an exit
from certain businesses due to global reasons. Then unfortunately we also
have to live with the fallout of those decisions. Now while we live with the
upside of the technology transfers for which we are not paying R&D, we are
not paying any incurring any cost over here.
We also need to live with the downsides which is even though our business
may or may not be particularly good for us here in the country if on a global

Page 13 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
scale that business is good or bad for the global organization then we will
have to live with the fallout of those decisions. Now if you go back to the 2011
transaction the 2011 transaction first started with an acquisition that had
taken place in Siemens Germany many years prior to that of the VAI business
as you are aware.
Now they did a global acquisition for the metals business and that global
acquisition had included a subsidiary in India of VAI India. Now at that point in
time we had the option as Siemens India management do we leave this
business outside the flagship company and not live with the synergies that
could be derived out of that or do we merge this and acquire this. And we
decided  in the overall interest of the Indian shareholders in 2011 I think it was
to acquire this business which was already there in the country was a 100%
subsidiary of the parent we said let us bring it in to the Indian flagship
company Siemens Limited so that we can maximize on the shareholding.
Subsequently, a global decision again was taken that Siemens wants to exit
the metals business because we do not consider it to be the core business of
Siemens which should be electrification, automation and digitalization. The
metals business came under mechanical part. And therefore globally the
parent decided to enter into a joint venture with Mitsubishi for this particular
business.
We therefore had to follow that rationale here in the country and do exactly
the same thing. Practically, in the case of the metals business we supported
the rationale because the same reasons that applied globally where it was
margin dilutive was also applying here in India. The business was margin
dilutive we did not see the metals business growing in the short medium term
and it was dilutive. We felt it would be dilutive to the rest of our businesses
and that is why we did it.
On hindside you can say it was a right thing to do because the metals
business and the steel making business is not making money today and
would have actually been further margin dilutive. And this is the rationale that
is followed. Now we have the Healthcare business where again a global
decision has been taken to carve out the Healthcare into a separate company
and we are following that decision. Again, the Healthcare business in India
will benefit out of that because it will get full transparency, full focus and the
full systems that will now be set in place to make a fully integrated Healthcare

Page 14 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
company whereas here with Siemens Limited there was no synergy with the
rest of our businesses.
For us in India, I explained the rationale for you. It also make sense to do
because of the declining price levels over here because of our heavy
dependence on imports because of the fact that all our technical knowhow is
depended on Siemens Germany and because of the fact if we have to
continue market share topline and bottomline we will have to ensure that
there are significant investments done in R&D. The returns on which may
come over a longer than expected period of time and those are the rationales
that we use here and I am being completely transparent with all of you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Batra from Goldman
Sachs Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Aman Batra:
If you can just highlight the assumption behind the DCF valuation which was
done by the independent valuers. What I am looking for is that is the
assumption that in terms of valuation is that Siemens is not willing to invest in
India and therefore the growth rate will be moderate and that is how the DCF
will pan out or the assumption was that as an independent company you will
make the necessary investments, do the R&D, do the CAPEX required for
new factories for localized production. And therefore the DCF will have a
different value. So if you can give the perspective on that DCF valuation?
Sunil Mathur:
To give you a specific answer the latter is what has been used for DCF. The
audit committee and the board of Siemens Limited would not have accepted
anything else.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanuj Makhija from Bank of
America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Tanuj Makhija:
Just one short question. Can you just tell us who are the competitors that
have been able to localize imaging and diagnostic products at the lower end
level?
Sunil Mathur:
None of the competitors have been able to localize the products that we have.
Tanuj Makhija:
So who are these competitors at the lower end who import?
Sunil Mathur:
Sorry, I did not get the question?

Page 15 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Tanuj Makhija:
Who are the competitors who have high import content at the lower end
level? I just want their names?
Sunil Mathur:
High import content at the lower end level I am not aware of any competitors
who have got high import content for the low end level.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mishra from Macquarie.
Please go ahead.
Amit Mishra:
This is Amit here. So my question is did you have any discussion with the
Siemens AG on the current existing portfolio I mean in the medium term do
we see the current portfolio stable or do we see any of the segments going
out too?
Sunil Mathur:
You mean the remaining portfolio that is within Siemens?
Amit Mishra:
Yeah, remaining portfolio within Siemens Limited?
Sunil Mathur:
I think we have to grow these businesses. There is a commitment that has
been made where we are very clearly in power for all which is power
generation, transmission and distribution. We are very clearly in Make In India
with our digital factories and process industries and drives business. We are
very clearly in our building technology business which is a part of the Smart
Cities initiative and we are most definitely in our mobility business which will
include as I mentioned metros, locomotives and high speed rail. The global
strategy of Siemens is to be a full fit in terms of electrification, automation and
digitalization. And Siemens India is basically following exactly that road map.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from Axis
Capital. Please go ahead.
Bhavin Vithlani:
After this transaction which would be the other entities outside of the listed
entity which will be wholly or partially owned by the parent?
Sunil Mathur:
So look right now again it depends on which acquisitions will be done
globally. Right now as of today I have no other major acquisition out of let us
say existing companies that are owned by Siemens on my horizon.
Bhavin Vithlani:
My question was like VAI is a partially owned by parent outside of the listed
entity present in India. Which are the other entities present in India but not
part of listed entity but either will be wholly or partially owned by the parent?

Page 16 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Sunil Mathur:
So there is the Siemens Technology Services Private Limited which is our
R&D which is the Siemens R&D and Shared Services wing of Siemens.
There is Siemens PLM which is basically the software company dealing with
digital factories and there is Dresser-Rand which has been a recent
acquisition of Siemens globally in the oil and gas business which was
acquired by Siemens about a year, year-and-a-half ago. And there are couple
of other smaller companies which I do not necessarily remember off-the-cuff.
There is of course non-banking financial company Siemens Financial
Services Private Limited.
Bhavin Vithlani:
So a follow up on that. What would be the total revenues of these companies
which are not part of the listed entities?
Sunil Mathur:
We are not disclosing them but they are not material.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ruchir Khare from Kotak.
Please go ahead.
Ruchir Khare:
Sir, my question is regarding the renewable space. Now since we also have
enough cash with us and globally we have a significant presence in this
space. So do we have plans for investing in the renewables primarily wind
energy in India in terms of CAPEX?
Sunil Mathur:
So a couple of years ago one of the companies that we did invest in or there
were two companies that you will recall that again was a global acquisition
and Siemens in India bought those companies. One of them was Flender, the
other one was Winergy. Both of those companies were merged into Siemens
six to seven years ago as part of the global acquisition process also. Both of
these businesses are doing extremely well and both of them are contributing
to the wind segment of renewables.
So we already are doing the drives business, drives and gears for the wind
business out of Chennai and out of Kharagpur. So we are currently in the
renewable business and other than wind generation we do everything from
the transmission to distribution in the renewables business. On the generation
side we are on the wind and we are examining that business as well.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Gokhale from
Religare. Please go ahead.

Page 17 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Pranav Gokhale:
Sir, you had changed accounting policy for the Healthcare business in FY15.
Is this policy also in line with what is the global practice?
Sunil Mathur:
Yes.
Pranav Gokhale:
And the valuations are also considering this lower profitability which might
come in because of the change in accounting norm, right sir, versus the
earlier reported numbers?
Sunil Mathur:
No, this change in accounting only had an impact on topline. So it is not a
bottomline change. What I mean is that if you go back to what the valuation
companies have projected, they are essentially looking at DCF which is
basically forward looking as you know in terms of the calculations. And if you
read their valuation report which are also on the website they have indicated
their WACC ranges over there as well. The other method that they have used
is the market price method which is basically taking the enterprise value of
the business and taking that as a comparison to the enterprise value of
Siemens Limited as a whole and looking at the EBIT multiples in both sides.
And I just like to draw the attention of all those on the call that the EBIT
multiples of the Healthcare business that have been valued over there are
more or less in the same range as the EBIT multiples for Siemens Limited.
Even though the Healthcare business is margin dilutive to the Siemens
Limited margins even though the business is roughly 90% imports or 85% to
90% imports even though it is heavily depended on technology from the
parent and finally but by no means least even though there are severe
investments that will need to be made in to this business in the future.
So putting it all on that perspective we are firmly of the opinion that it is a fair
market price, it is a very fair price and takes into account really the interest of
the shareholders in being able to participate in the sale of this upfront rather
than possibly having to live with delayed returns which could even be dilutive
to the main business.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the
conference over to Mr. Mathur for his closing comments.
Sunil Mathur:
So thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for taking time out and being here on the
analyst call. I am sure if there are further questions that you would like to ask,
please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Group. A lot of what I have
mentioned to you on this call is already on the website. We have the Investor

Page 18 of 18
Siemens Limited | March 4, 2016
Relations pack with much more details and what I mentioned to you on this
call including the rationale, including the market, including the employee
details etcetera. We have the synopsis of the valuation report also on the
Investor Relations pack and a press release that has gone out also on the
website. So please visit our website to get further details and thereafter any
questions we will be happy to answer.
Moderator:
Thank you very much, Mr. Mathur. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of
Siemens Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us
and you may now disconnect your lines.
