
   
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
April 2, 2016

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing '*' and then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Godrej. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Adi Godrej:  
Thank you. I welcome all of you to this call to discuss the acquisition of Strength of Nature, 
LLC by Godrej Consumer Products. Joining me today on the call are Vivek Gambhir, Omar 
Momin, V Srinivasan and Sameer Shah. 
Strength of Nature is a USA based company with a strong global presence. It has a 
compelling portfolio of leading Wet Hair Care brands for women of African descent. 
Strength of Nature is a market leader in the USA in several Wet Hair Care categories. The 
company also has a strong presence internationally, with over 40 percent of its business 
from outside the USA. In particular, it has a growing presence in Africa. Its products are 
available in over 50 countries, globally. 
Strength of Nature’s legacy began with one man’s dream. Mario de la Guardia Sr. brought 
his family from Cuba to the USA with no money and sheer ambition. He worked his way 
up at Carson Products that was later acquired by L’Oréal. He invented Dark & Lovely’s 
no-lye relaxer, a feat that revolutionised the hair care industry. His son, Mario de la 
Guardia Jr., followed in his father’s footsteps. Mario worked under his father’s wing for 
years before starting Strength of Nature in the year 2000. Since then, Strength of Nature has 
distinguished itself by providing affordable and innovative products to serve the hair care 
needs of women of African descent. The company has a portfolio of heritage brands to 
serve various segments and needs of women of African descent. These brands include 
household names such as African Pride, Profectiv Mega Growth, Motions, TCB, Soft & 
Beautiful, Soft & Beautiful Botanicals and Just For Me. 
Strength of Nature is one of the fastest growing companies in the Wet Hair Care space, 
with growth in the mid-teens. For calendar year 2015, the company’s annualised revenues 
were around USD 95 million, with over 22 percent EBITDA margins. We expect that the 
transaction will close in the next two-four weeks. The transaction will be EPS accretive in 
the first year itself and will be funded through low cost USD denominated debt. 
The acquisition enables GCPL to turbo-charge creating a strong platform for Wet Hair Care 
products in Africa. It also enables us to forge a stronger presence in the USD 1.8 billion 
global Wet Hair Care category. Strength of Nature complements GCPL’s portfolio in 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Africa, building upon our leadership position in Dry Hair Care and hair colours in the 
region.  
Just like in some of our earlier acquisitions, the seasoned management of Strength of 
Nature will continue to manage the business. We will form cross-functional teams in HR, 
Finance, R&D and Supply Chain. These teams will consist of both Strength of Nature and 
GCPL team members, who will work together to share learnings and find ways to further 
accelerate the growth trajectory. Finally, we will put the necessary control systems and 
processes in place so that these operations are well harmonised with our global operations. 
We are very excited by the potential of this acquisition. It is a further step to accelerate 
GCPL’s global 3 by 3 strategy and scale up its presence in Africa by being at the forefront 
of serving the hair care needs of women of African descent.  
Africa is a key part of our growth strategy. It comprises about one sixth of our overall 
business and has been delivering excellent performance. We strongly believe that it holds 
tremendous potential. Africa has more than half of the world’s fastest growing economies, 
a fast growing middle class population and increasing urbanisation.  
Our operating model has enabled us to build a strong business presence in Africa. The 
integration of the Darling business has gone very well. We have a good understanding of 
the African market and know what it takes to be successful in the region. Our businesses 
in the region have been outperforming and we aspire to now double our business in Africa 
in the next four years. 
Over the last few years, we have been successfully establishing a leading presence in Sub 
Saharan Africa to serve the Dry Hair Care and hair colouring needs of women in the region. 
The Strength of Nature portfolio will enable us to address the complete hair care needs of 
women of African descent. We believe that many hair care needs of women are being 
under-served and we intend to bring the best quality and innovative products at affordable 
prices to meet the needs of our consumers. 
The USA market is at the forefront of innovation for hair care products and shapes global 
trends in this space. Through Strength of Nature’s expertise and knowledge in the USA 
market, we will be able to draw on consumer insights and product expertise that will 
enable us launch more innovative products for women of African descent. Strength of 
Nature’s strong presence in the USA, with deep distribution and world class 
manufacturing additionally provides attractive opportunities for growth given the growth 
in spending power and the fact that African American women spend more than three times 
on hair care than other women in the region. 
This acquisition also catapults us to become one of the largest players globally, serving the 
hair care needs of women of African descent. Over time, we believe that we will be able to 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
leverage this investment to create a strong global platform to become the leading choice of 
brands to serve the hair care needs of women of African descent. So, the platform potential 
of this acquisition is tremendous.  
We are confident that we have the right building blocks in place to propel GCPL towards 
its goal of becoming a leading emerging markets FMCG leader. Along with continuing to 
drive our domestic India business to full potential, we remain committed to capitalising on 
the huge potential available to us in other attractive geographies. Our investment in 
Strength of Nature is an important lynchpin to enable us to meet our aspirations.  
I would now request Vivek and Omar to share their thoughts on this acquisition. 
Vivek Gambhir: 
Thank you, Mr. Godrej. We are pleased to share with you the details of the Strength of 
Nature acquisition and I greatly appreciate all of you taking time on Saturday morning for 
this call. What I thought we would do is walk you through our management presentation 
for the acquisition. Post this presentation, we will be happy to answer any of your 
questions. As we have mentioned earlier, becoming more global is one of the seven key 
pillars of our strategy. Our first pillar obviously is to extend leadership in our core 
categories in India, our second pillar is about becoming more global. So through this 
footprint, we intend to accelerate innovation and renovation, build an efficient and ready 
sales system, make our supply chain more global and build a more agile and high 
performance culture and ultimately reinforce our belief around our shared values and 
Good & Green. 
Turning to slide #6, if we look at our international growth, clearly the inorganic part and 
acquisitions have been the most rewarding route to international growth and we followed 
a very disciplined and focused strategy of 3x3 which is about our presence across three 
emerging geographies in three core categories. Over the last six to seven years we have 
seen significant gains from a very focused and successful inorganic strategy.  
Turning to slide #7, what has been interesting is that as we made these acquisitions, the 
portfolios we have acquired has allowed us to reimagine our playing field and essentially 
expand and extend our core into attractive adjacencies. So from a Household Insecticides 
player, we have now become a broader Home Care play with a strong presence in Air 
Fresheners. From Hair Colors, through our acquisition in Dry Hair and other related 
categories, we are a broader Hair Care play. Even in Personal Wash we have been 
expanding the playing field to start participating in broader Personal Care. 
As a result of these acquisitions on slide #8 you can see now international has become a 
very meaningful part of both our revenue and profit contribution. Thanks to the 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
acquisitions, we enjoy leading market position in almost all the categories that we operate 
in, across our various geographies. A significant value creation has been enabled by our 
various acquisitions. So in that sense acquisitions have truly been a key source of value 
creation. 
What is very important is that the model that we have used to integrate the acquisitions 
has been very distinctive. Our first focus has been on operational autonomy where we have 
focused on maximizing the potential of local brands through local innovation, local agility, 
at the same time we have tapped in to significant back end synergies in supply chain, HR 
and manufacturing. But we have stayed away from the typical MNC approach of copy and 
paste of standardisation. Largely our acquired businesses have been separate entities but 
we have made sure that we put in necessarily controls in place and integrate the key 
processes around HR, Finance, Risk management and IT. This cluster based structure 
which is based on federated decision making and operational autonomy has worked very 
well for us. It has enabled us to establish very strong local entrepreneurial cultures, retain 
the top management but supplement the team overtime. We have bound all of these 
companies together with a common set of values and principles. As a result, if you look at 
the investment thesis of every acquisition that we have done and if you look at the 
performance of the acquisition before we acquired the company versus post the 
acquisition, in all cases both the revenue and profit have significantly improved once they 
have become a part of Godrej Consumer Products. 
What I will now do is just have Omar quickly walk you through the opportunity that we 
see in Africa, the strategies that we have been employing in Africa and where we see 
Strength of Nature actually becoming game changer for us. Over to you, Omar. 
Omar Momin: 
Thank you, Vivek. From a GCPL portfolio perspective, Sub-Saharan African has been one 
of our key priorities in terms of investment and medium-term growth potential. We have 
been focusing on investing in strengthening the platform that we obtained through our 
multiple acquisitions and now have a scalable presence in all key consumption markets of 
Sub-Saharan Africa. 
We have indicated earlier that we hope to build our Africa business around three key 
strategic growth pillars. Firstly, we will continue to invest in increasing the geographic and 
consumer penetration of the Dry Hair category to get it to its full potential. Secondly, we 
will be investing in building a strong presence in Wet Hair Care through both organic and 
inorganic means. Lastly, we aim to build a Home Insecticides business in key markets in 
Africa by leveraging our existing capabilities in India and Indonesia. We have built a strong 
foundation across categories and brands over the last decade in Sub-Saharan Africa starting 
with Inecto and hair color leadership in more than ten Southern African countries. We have 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
scaled up in Dry Hair through the acquisition of Kinky, Darling and Frika. Most recently 
we have entered into an agreement to acquire Canon Chemicals which gives us strong 
brands like Valon which we will extend into the Personal Care space. 
Despite recent macroeconomic challenges, we continue to be very positive on the long-term 
growth potential in Sub-Saharan Africa. Like Mr. Godrej mentioned the key drivers for our 
belief are both a young and growing population as well as increasing urbanization and the 
development of a real middle class. 
Lastly, we have seen significant improvements in key markets in both political stability as 
well as regulatory reforms in the last decade. The combination of these makes us believe 
that an early foothold with consumers in Sub-Saharan Africa will pay rich dividend in the 
years to come. 
On slide #16, our approach has enabled us successfully navigate risk of doing business in 
Africa. We have a unique approach which is a combination of creating sub-clusters that are 
almost equal in size across Eastern, Western and Southern Africa. Also, our portfolio of 
countries serves as a hedge against headwinds in any particular country. We have invested 
ahead of the curve in developing talent across different functional areas and this has helped 
us sustain our performance through the last few years. We have also invested upfront in 
systems and processes. Local manufacturing abilities provide tremendous agility because 
we are not dependent on import variability and this helps us react strongly to changes in 
market conditions. We have invested in a robust distribution network which is one of the 
key competitive differentiators in being successful in Africa. This has enabled us to 
integrate the acquisitions both in a functional sense as well as driving higher business 
performance. Given this we see tremendous opportunities to further accelerate our growth 
in Africa, especially looking at the hair care space for women of African descent with a 
special focus on Africa. 
Moving on to slide #19, the way we like to frame our opportunity is to look at people of 
African descent across the world and we estimate there are more than 1 billion people of 
African descent spread across Sub-Saharan Africa, the United States and the Caribbean. 
As we have discussed earlier in our management communications we would like to divide 
the hair care category for women of African descent into two broad segment what we call 
Dry Hair Care and Wet Hair Care. In Dry Hair Care the two main categories are Braids and 
Weaves which form the bulk of our business across Darling, Kinky and Frika. And in the 
Wet Hair Care space we have a multitude of products that perform benefit around 
transforming looks, preventing damage to hair as well as providing nourishment needs. In 
terms of product categories, the key ones in the Wet Hair space include relaxers, styling 
products, maintenance products and of course shampoos from a cleansing perspective.  

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
If we now move on to slide #23, the overall market that we see is a $4.5 billion market 
conservatively. This is split almost equally between Africa and the US with Africa being a 
larger proportion given the population's significance. Africa we estimate to be about USD 
2.3 billion across dry and wet hair and the US is at USD 1.6 billion given the larger 
realizations in the US. The split between Dry Hair Care and Wet Hair Care is again 
approximately equal, being skewed slightly higher towards dry hair.  
If we now look at the Dry Hair space in Africa which is the largest segment within this 
space, we already enjoy leadership in this space through the platform that Darling has 
provided us as well as our subsequent acquisitions. We now therefore look to create a 
significant presence in Africa in the Wet Hair Care space which is an equal opportunity 
and we believe we now have the founding blocks in place to be able to pursue that.  
On slide #25 our efforts in driving innovative products, creating engagement with salons 
which are key decision makers as well as local manufacturing agilities, have given us 
tremendous advantages and we hope that we can extend these in terms of the business 
model to create an equally strong presence in the Wet Hair Care space.  
On slide #27 and 28, I want to spend a few minutes talking about how the US is a big source 
of both innovation as well as credibility in this space. Firstly the trend as well as source of 
key innovations is the US today in both the Dry and Wet Hair Care space. You see a number 
of hair styles and new products originating in the US and then flowing in to different parts 
of Africa. The music and pop culture in the US has a significant influence on how the styles 
get defined. And lastly in the Wet Hair Care space, fundamental product technologies as 
well as benefits usually find their way in the US first and then flow in to Africa. So we 
believe the US market to be very critical in understanding and providing a leapfrog 
advantage in understanding trend as well as driving product and marketing strategies in 
Africa. 
Spending a few minutes on the US market itself. The market that we are most interested in 
is the market for hair care of women of African descent in the US and this market has seen 
significant growth as well as holds interesting possibilities in two or three ways. I think 
firstly, it is an extremely fragmented market with very little brand building that is being 
done by the large players, so we see an opportunity in both consolidating as well as 
bringing systematic innovation to this market. Second, we have a very strong team in 
Strength of Nature in terms of the way they have driven consolidation of the market 
themselves and we can expect this to be a continuing trend. Lastly, hair care is a huge 
category in terms of just the extent of involvement of the consumer. We see both Dry and 
Wet Hair Care as possible areas that we will evaluate in terms of scaling up the opportunity 
in the US itself.  
The combination of these points gets us to talking about the opportunity that is the business 
in Strength of Nature. We believe the portfolio of brands that Strength of Nature represents 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
has very interesting potential in Africa. It provides us a strong base in terms of two markets 
in Africa where brands of this company already enjoy significant position, this is namely 
Nigeria and Kenya and the combination of a strong presence in the US. A robust portfolio 
of brand means that we can take these products and technologies from the US to Africa 
and accelerate our journey of building leadership in Wet Hair Care in Africa. It is a very 
strong business in the US and had high single-digit organic growth over the last few years 
and a reasonable part of inorganic growth as the relaxer category has been consolidated. 
EBITDA margins are more than 22% due to a strong cost base. The objective of driving 
further growth will be building on the cost advantages that the vertically integrated 
manufacturing provides as well as the history of innovation that they have had continuing 
in to the brands. The business itself has been built through a combination of organic as well 
as inorganic growth. The key brands for this business as Mr. Godrej mentioned are African 
Pride, Mega Growth, Motions and TCB which are more recent acquisitions from Unilever.  
I think what we find very interesting about the way the company has seen growth outside 
the US is that it has been a very recent effort and despite that business outside the US has 
become a significant part of revenues for Strength of Nature. The key markets for Strength 
of Nature outside the US are Sub-Saharan Africa and within that the key markets again 
being Nigeria and Kenya, as well as a strong presence with Caribbean consumers as well 
as some in Europe and the Middle East. 
In terms of what makes this company very interesting as well as a great candidate for 
driving our aspiration, I think the first that we would like to focus on is the history of 
innovation that it has had. There are a number of innovations that have led to the 
development of the category itself, the use of pre-measured single used relaxer packet, 
reversible straightening system that is far less damaging to the hair, as well as coloring 
relaxers that the business is looking at. A portfolio of brands built across a variety of 
categories, again organically as well inorganically, a very strong cost advantage and 
looking at addressing unserved needs so far through a combination of investing in both 
products as well as consumer communication. The combination of these factors have led 
to a very strong performance of the business in the last few years and with an expectation 
that we can drive it even further in Africa over the next few years. 
A few points on the transaction itself, the acquisition will include both the domestic and 
international operations of the company and brands. We are looking to close the acquisition 
by middle or end of April 2016. The funding of the transaction will be through low cost 
debt. The management team that has built the business over these years will continue to 
lead the business. Like we have in other acquisitions, we will put in place both controls as 
well as cross functional teams to pick up specific synergies. 
I will hand it back over to Vivek to talk through the investment thesis. Over to you, Vivek. 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Vivek Gambhir: 
Thank you, Omar. As Mr. Godrej and Omar have mentioned, we are quite excited by the 
potential of this acquisition and we believe that over time this can truly be game changing. 
The rationale in our mind is quite clear, scaling up Africa is a very important priority for 
us in line with our 3x3 approach and so far we have been striving for leadership in Dry 
Hair and Hair Colors. Wet hair is a very complimentary product and this acquisition will 
give us a very compelling portfolio of wet hair care brands that will enable us to address 
the complete hair care needs of women of African descent. And as Omar mentioned, the 
US market tends to be in the forefront as far as expertise and innovation is concerned. So 
our presence in the US will really help us accelerate innovation with cutting edge products 
and R&D and this company is known for its innovative products. What is also great is that 
the management team is a very seasoned management team with over a 100 years of 
collective experience in the Wet Hair Care category and overtime I think this will provide 
a very important platform for a future play in global hair care for women of African 
descent. 
In terms of our value add, as we have demonstrated in our previous acquisitions, we clearly 
have a very deep knowledge of African consumers. We know the local business 
environment quite well and our manufacturing is local which is how we can provide a 
much more agile product development along with much affordable product. Over the last 
10 years or so we have learnt how to operate in Africa and successfully run businesses 
there. Over time we do also see a lot of potential for our teams to add more designs and 
R&D support for the portfolio and clearly we will drive synergies in sourcing, IT, HR and 
finance as we have done in all our acquisitions. This acquisition now catapults us to become 
one of the largest players globally to serve the hair care needs of women of African descent. 
So over time I think the platform potential of this to further build and drive global 
leadership in this space is tremendous.  
I will stop at that point and we will be happy to answer any of your questions. 
 
Continue: - Q&A…  
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Questions and Answers: 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have the next question from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, can you give the market share in Africa and also what percentage of Strength of Nature 
sales comes from Africa? 
Omar Momin: 
 
In terms of market share, as we have shared before that exact market share are difficult to 
come by in Africa but the brands of Strength of Nature occupy positions between 1 and 2 
in both Nigeria and Kenya, so that is the sense we have on market share. In terms of 
contribution of Africa to this business, it is about 15% to 20% of the total business. 
Percy Panthaki: 
 
What is the proportion of the size of the business you have in Africa versus the market size 
of that industry in Africa, if you can just give me a ratio of that just to see what is the upside 
over the next 5-10 years? 
Omar Momin: 
 
The size of our business in Africa today is about $200 million. We estimate the size of the 
dry hair market to be about $1.3 billion and wet hair is around $1 billion.  
Percy Panthaki: 
 
So wet hair is as big as dry hair in Africa and your sort of scale there is miniscule and 
therefore over a period of time the opportunity is huge, is that the rationale of the 
acquisition? Because you in this case straight away from the 3x3 matrix by acquiring a 
company whose majority part of the sale does not come within the three geographies that 
you have identified. 
Omar Momin: 
 
You are absolutely right, it is the opportunity we see in Africa in the wet hair care space. 
 
 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
Yes, I just want to make clear that we have not strayed from 3x3. 3x3 is about presence in 
three categories and or presence in three core geographies. So in some of these cases the 
acquisition is intended to turbo charge our presence in Africa which is a very important 
part of 3x3. 
Percy Panthaki: 
 
Now that you will be present in America via this acquisition, are you also planning to sort 
of have a dry hair business in US at some point of time? And if so, what are your thoughts 
on that and how big is that category in US versus wet hair? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
It is a very interesting possibility. I think over time we will evaluate it. Similar to Africa the 
dynamics of dry hair can be quite attractive. So no specific plan yet but certainly something 
for us to keep in mind. The opportunity for dry hair is also quite significant, it is about $800 
million market for dry hair in the US as well. So roughly similar to little bit smaller in size 
than Africa but higher realization. It is a very large market in the US as well. 
Percy Panthaki: 
 
Just can you give an idea of what is the track record of Strength of Nature over the last 
three years or five years, what kind of sales growth have they clocked and what has been 
the journey of the EBITDA margin, has it been stable, volatile or has it been increasing 
continuously, any color you can give on the track record? 
Omar Momin: 
 
In terms of the consolidated track record, the company has seen very strong growth. Like 
I mentioned earlier organic growth has been in high single-digits but they have also 
focused on number of acquisitions in terms of consolidating the space. So consolidated 
growth has been very strong. In terms of EBITDA margins, they have been around this 
range for the last two years and they have seen some improvement over the years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. We have the next question from the line of Amit Sachdeva from HSBC. 
Please go ahead.  
Amit Sachdeva: 
 
Sir I have just one question on the deal parameters, could you give us some color on is there 
any particular conditions or has 100% stake been acquired or is there put options or 
anything like that? 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Omar Momin: 
 
The shareholding acquisition is 100% and there is also a deferred consideration that will be 
paid as an earn out and that is a significant part of the deal structure. So that there is an 
incentive for the management team to continue to deliver on performance. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
 
Can you give us more color on deferred payments? 
Sameer Shah: 
 
Unfortunately, at this stage some of the parameters are within the confidentiality clause, 
but as Omar mentioned substantial part of the overall value is in form of deferred payout 
such that there is incentive for the management to continue its outperformance through 
the next three to four years. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
 
Funding will be from debt, so can you give us some color on how much debt will be raised, 
what would be the cost of debt and since when it would start hitting the balance sheet and 
when exactly it will be paid, some sort of timing of this actual transaction? 
V. Srinivasan: 
 
As mentioned we will use the dollar denominated debt for this acquisition. As of now we 
do not see the debt equity ratio of the company on a consolidated basis going beyond 0.8x 
or so which is our comfort level, so we will be fairly within that. And since the 
consideration also is deferred it gives us time and cash flows from the business to use those 
for the operations and to payoff. 
Adi Godrej:  
But I think what is important in the case of GCPL is also the debt to market cap ratio which 
is currently 0.03x and is not likely to go beyond 0.1x. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
 
And what about the timing, when it should start obviously being reflecting in the numbers? 
Omar Momin: 
 
We expect this transaction to be closed over next three to four weeks, so I think somewhere 
mid of Q1 FY17 we expect the consolidation to kick in the overall financial performance. 
 
 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Amit Sachdeva: 
 
There is a lump sum payout which is for the 100% stake and there is a deferred payment 
subject to the performance which would be substantial given the performance later on? 
Sameer Shah: 
Absolutely. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
 
And when this performance clause kicks off, like after three years of sustained performance 
or every year of performance, how does this payout gets paid to them? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
It is after three years, but the formula is determined upfront.  
Amit Sachdeva: 
 
But the earn out to the existing management to run the show would kick in after three 
years? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
After three years, absolutely. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nillai Shah from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead.  
Nillai Shah:  
Thank you. Sir, the first question is, what is the meaning of vertically integrated 
manufacturing operations that you have spoken about in the presentation? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
Basically, a lot of other companies end up subcontracting the manufacturing to third party 
which increases the costs of the product that they are providing. What this company has 
done very well is that all manufacturing is done in-house, so in that sense they have been 
very vertical integrated. What we have seen is that for the brands that they have acquired 
over the last three or four years, they have been able to substantially improve gross margins 
by having a very tight control on both quality and world class manufacturing. 
 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Nillai Shah:  
And the same holds true for the operations in Africa too? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
They currently manufacture all their products in the US, so one of the opportunity over 
time is to be able to partner with them to establish some local manufacturing in Africa. But 
I think we will just evaluate that over time because one of our big advantages that we know 
is that we have a very strong local manufacturing in Africa. So certainly we will evaluate 
the potential of establishing local manufacturing in Africa to further drive growth and scale 
up that business.  
Nillai Shah:  
And as you scale up the business in Africa is the current manufacturing facility in the US 
sufficient to take care of that? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
For the US market it is clearly sufficient. They have been very strategic about expanding 
their capacity, so for the US market there is actually a lot of capacity and as the business 
starts growing significantly more in Africa, we will try and look at a more combined 
footprint to see how much more we can leverage the US market along with establishing 
local manufacturing in Africa. 
Nillai Shah:  
And the second question is on the deferred payment, can you give us some sense of what 
the parameters of deferred payment are? 
Omar Momin: 
 
Yes, it is a predetermined multiple of EBITDA for the consolidated business.  
Nillai Shah:  
What is going to drive it, is it the growth opportunity that you can realize in Africa, is it the 
continuing business in the US itself? 
Omar Momin: 
 
I think it will need a combination because taking those brands from the US to Africa, 
localising manufacturing will need efforts from teams both in US and Africa. And therefore 
to kind of keep it simple the objective has been to look at the overall delivery of the 
business.  

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Mr. Shah. We have the next question from the line of Ritesh Vaidya from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Vaidya: 
 
Who are your key competitors in the wet hair care market in the US for Strength of Nature? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
The market is extremely fragmented with over 100 players in the space. The great thing is 
that Strength of Nature has a very leading market share in the US, in Kenya and in Nigeria, 
but there are literally over 100 players in this market. 
Ritesh Vaidya: 
 
And who would be your competitors in Africa for the same products? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
Again, it is very-very fragmented, there are 100 players in Africa also. 
Ritesh Vaidya: 
 
What is the price positioning or how are these products of Strength of Nature positioned 
in the market, are these premium, mid, what is the price positioning? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
The fit is very similar to the way our portfolio plays out which is superior quality product 
at affordable prices but they have a range of brands with different products serving 
different needs for various consumers for relaxing, straightening, moisturizing their hair. 
There is a range of products for kids as well. So the great thing is that they have a multi 
brand approach and the portfolio actually straddles consumers of different needs and 
different demographics as well within the African descent consumer. But generally 
products are actually priced at the mid-tier, a much more affordable products with very 
good quality. 
Ritesh Vaidya: 
 
Since the business in the US already makes positive cash flows to start paying off on its 
own for the debt that would be raised?  
 
 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Sameer Shah: 
So the free cash flows of the business should be sufficient to repay off the debt which we 
are taking for this business over a period of time.  
Moderator:  
Thank you, Mr. Vaidya. We have the next question from the line of Sanjay Singh from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Singh: 
 
Is there a market leader in the wet hair category in Africa and or in the US or is it just 
completely fragmented that everybody has a very-very low share? 
Omar Momin: 
 
It is very fragmented, and I think even the leaders in different countries are different 
players. But suffice to say that even the brands that would enjoy leadership position would 
be a small percentage of the market. 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
So for example in the relaxer space our estimate is that Strength of Nature has about 24% 
market share in the US, so leadership positions do vary quite a bit by various segment and 
this is where we see a significant opportunity to further drive and consolidated leadership 
through a much more systematic branding and innovation approach. 
Sanjay Singh: 
 
Can the shampoo, the conditioner category can be classified as of African descent? For wet 
hair, the key component is relaxers only which is more of African descent otherwise a 
typical African women might use a conditioner or a shampoo which anybody in the world 
is using, is that correct understanding?  
Omar Momin: 
 
So in terms of the products within wet hair care, you are right about shampoos and 
conditioners also spreading into more general usage so to say, but the products that are 
specific to usage by ethnic consumers are not only relaxers, there is a significant proportion 
of products that are both in the styling space, in the maintenance space as well as in the 
nutrition space. So the set of products that are unique to African hair usage are relaxers, 
maintenance products, nutrition products as well as styling products, these all form part 
of the core regiment and you have again different players and brands in different spaces. 
Strength of Nature just has one of the strongest portfolio that is focused on the ethnic usage 
space that are specific to these categories.  

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Sanjay Singh: 
It seems that there are around 18 brands spread over $100 million seems to be probably 
quite a few brands are much sub-scale. So how do you see it, how can this be scaled up? So 
are many of these brands small and only two or three are big enough? 
Omar Momin: 
 
So the portfolio analysis and rationalization is very much in place. You are right about the 
fact that about three to four brands make up a significant majority of the business. We will 
be prioritizing our investments according to the opportunities for each of these brands.  
Sanjay Singh: 
What are the three four top brands? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
African Pride, Profectiv, Pro Brands, Just For Me and Motions. The other thing which is 
very important is that unlike other categories that we see at least in the US market is the 
significant importance of beauty supply stores. So typically almost half of the business for 
a lot of brands of women of African descent actually go to beauty supply stores, so that 
offers 50% of the business unlike other categories where you will see big box retail actually 
having a much higher salience of sale. As a result of which typically you will see a much 
higher degree of fragmentation of brand because of this channel as well. So in some sense 
it is dangerous to extrapolate trends of other categories and brands that serve Caucasian 
customers to this segment as well because the needs of women of African descent, the 
nature of brands, the fragmentation tends to be a lot more just given the issues involved 
with managing and maintaining hair of African women.  
Moderator:  
Thank you, Mr. Singh. We have the next question from the line of Richard Liu from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead.  
Richard Liu:  
What is the status of the business that was sold to L'Oréal many years back, do you have 
any idea about whether that portfolio is still existing today or they got over shadowed by 
what was introduced later by the same company? 
Omar Momin: 
 
So the SoftSheen Carson business was sold to L'Oréal and those set of brands have nothing 
to do with this business. Strength of Nature focuses on the brands that we have spoken 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
about in our presentation, the Softsheen Carson brands have nothing to do with Strength 
of Nature as a company. 
Richard Liu:  
Are those brands still in existence in L'Oréal's portfolio today or they just fell off by the way 
side after the founders introduced the Strength of Nature products? 
Omar Momin: 
 
The biggest brand in that would be Dark & Lovely which is still very much in presence 
across US and Africa. 
Richard Liu:  
While the management team is going to continue with you, but is there sort of a non-
compete clause nevertheless in the agreement and how does that work? 
Omar Momin: 
 
There is a non-compete but we would not be able to share details on it. 
Richard Liu:  
Within this 22% EBITDA margin that you were talking about, how does it breakup between 
gross margin and also in particular how does A&P feature in the whole financial scheme 
of things?  
Sameer Shah: 
 
If you just look at the gross margins for the business they would be very close to our 
consolidated gross margins, I would say it is hovering around 50% mark.  
Richard Liu:  
And A&P? 
Sameer Shah: 
A&P would be a factor of growth opportunity both in the US as well as in Africa, but what 
you would understand that Africa normally would not have very high levels of A&P 
investments. A good part of A&P spends would be more in the US market, but again those 
would be very much in the overall range of what we have for our consolidated business.  
 
 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Richard Liu:  
So to drive the portfolio rationalization and ramping up that you would have in mind, do 
you reckon that you will probably have to need to spend higher than A&P and therefore 
there is a risk to this 22% margin in the short-term but you think you can maintain this? 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
Yes, I think we certainly actually see margin upside over time because again this company 
has recently acquired a set of brands from Unilever. So as the company starts utilizing its 
manufacturing expertise of those brands as well there will be hopefully enough 
opportunities to scale up A&P where necessary along with being able to maintain if not 
improve margins.  
Richard Liu:  
What is the size of the gross block and the net block that will come into this company once 
you consolidated? 
V. Srinivasan: 
 
We cannot share that information at this stage. 
Richard Liu:  
What is the of debt you have assumed for determining this EPS assertiveness in year one? 
V. Srinivasan: 
 
This is a dollar denominated debt and it will be around 2%. 
Richard Liu:  
Are you going to leave it unhedged as you have done with the earlier debts? 
V. Srinivasan: 
 
Typically, the cash flows in this business will be in US dollars. 
Richard Liu:  
So you have any target in mind as far as the Africa business is concerned as to what share 
of turnover you would like to get from Africa in say three years’ time and beyond? 
 
 

  
 
Analyst Conference Call to discuss 
Strength of Nature Acquisition 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Vivek Gambhir: 
 
I think our hope is that this business can grow over 25%, this part of the business in Africa. 
So I think that is at least a hope that we have but frankly I think in the next six months we 
will have a much better sense of what the growth opportunities in Africa could be. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. We have the last question from the line of Harit Kapoor from IDFC. Please 
go ahead.  
Harit Kapoor: 
 
Would the senior management that’s going to be there with GCPL include the founders as 
well and for how long is there a clause in place that the founders will be part of the 
business? 
Omar Momin: 
 
Yes, the founder is going to be the CEO of the business and we will supplement the team 
as and when necessary. But as we discussed, there is an earn-out clause in three years, so 
the management team is going to be there with us for at least three years. If they do well 
and if the relationship is productive they could continue longer as well because the 
relationship is quite strong with this particular company. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Mr. Kapoor. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now 
like to hand the floor back to Mr. Godrej for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Adi Godrej:  
Thank you very much. If you need any further information we will be happy to address 
your questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Godrej Consumer Products Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thanks for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer - The following transcript has been edited for language, factual errors and grammar, it however may not be 
a verbatim representation of the call. 
