
 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
Q4 and Full Year 2016 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript 
May 24, 2016 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Greenply Industries Limited Q4 
and full year 2016 earnings conference call. As a reminder all participants’ lines will 
be in the listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Gavin Desa of CDR India. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Gavin Desa 
Thank you. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on the Q4 and FY16 
earning call for Greenply Industries. We have with us today Mr. Shobhan Mittal – 
Joint Managing Director and CEO and Mr. V. Venkataramani – CFO. Before we 
begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today’s discussion 
maybe forward looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detail 
statement in this regard is available in the result presentation that has been sent to 
you earlier. I would now invite Mr. Shobhan Mittal to begin proceedings of the call.  
Shobhan Mittal 
Thank you Gavin. Good afternoon everyone, like to welcome all of you on this call. 
We feel the numbers have been fairly positive considering the market conditions. Mr. 
Venkat will run us through the presentation and at the end of the call we will have an 
open session for questions and answers. I will hand it over to Mr. Venkat now. 
V. Venkataramani 
Good afternoon, welcome to this conference call to discuss the Q4 and FY16 
numbers for Greenply. We have delivered a stable performance in a challenging 
environment both in the current quarter as well as the whole of FY16. 
Top line growth was about 5.7% on a year on year basis. Plywood growth at 4.4% 
and MDF at 7.1% which is partly reflective of the overall demand scenario. Average 
realization of MDF has improved over the previous quarter and year which is 
reflecting the change in consumers, preference for our products. Wallpaper, our 
newest offering continues to make steady inroads and it is gradually gaining 
acceptance. 
Our gross margins have improved by 260 basis points on a quarterly basis and by 
270 basis points on a yearly basis which is a reflection of operational efficiency and 
led by better capacity utilization and better product mix. The increasing share of MDF 
in the top line has definitely helped to improve the operating margins as well as the 
net profit margins. We will continue to invest in building our brands which has helped 
us to maintain our strong market share and expenditure to sales in quarter 4 was 
2.5% against 1.2% in the year on year quarter which has helped in improving the 

 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
brand recall. However, for the full year Ad expenditure has increased by about 23%, 
operating margins were higher by 240 basis points at 14.9% for the quarter and 
improved by 190 basis points to 14.8% for the full year. We will continue with our 
efforts to improve the gross margins and the operating margins. 
Our capacity utilization in Q4 FY16 for the Plywood segment was higher at 109% and 
we are optimistic that we will continue to improve the capacity utilization in the 
Plywood segment during the current year. MDF utilization was at 100% and we will 
continue with our efforts to take this up to 115%. For the full year, utilization for the 
Plywood segment was higher at 101% and MDF utilization was at 99%. Overall 
improvement is due to increasing market share from the unorganized sector. 
Our adjusted PAT for quarter has grown by 34%, after reducing extraordinary and 
exceptional items. For the full year it has improved by 22% owing to several initiatives 
undertaken towards improving the overall margins and reduction in finance cost. PAT 
for the year would have been higher but for an increase in the effective tax rates 
which have gone up by about from 14% last year to about 25% in the current year. 
Our working capital days have reduced by 9 days during the current year which is a 
significant achievement in this period where demand is at a premium. So we will 
continue with our efforts to reduce the working capital investments in the current year. 
We are well positioned in the market place and would like to emphatically state that  
as soon as the environment improves and some important legislation which is 
pending to be passed by Parliament, we should see a stronger growth happening in 
the current and future years. 
That concludes my presentation. Thank you very much, we can now start the 
question and answer session.  
Moderator 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin the question and 
answer session. Our first question is from the line of Karan Desai of L&T Mutual 
Funds, please go ahead. 
Karan Desai 
I was just looking at the numbers, if you could explain me a couple of things in the 
numbers; one is why our MDF growth is looking actually weaker than what it has 
been in past few quarters and as far as your working capital improvement is 
concerned especially in a scenario wherein I see working capital days being 
expanded for a couple of players in the industry, not just yours but building products 
as a whole. It would be great if you could explain what different have we done? 
Shobhan Mittal 
The growth of MDF for this last quarter, we did face some challenges in the month 
of March because we had a breakdown for almost 6 or 7 days where the working got 
effected substantially and this was a resultant of that as we could not increase our 
capacity output of the product in the last month. So that is why it affected us quite 
tremendously, this breakdown for 6 or 7 days. 
Karan Desai 
So is that one of the reason why your production is looking down by 7%, right? 
V. Venkataramani 
Yes. And the second part of your question, you were speaking about the working 
capital improvement. Working capital improvement is something we have been 
concentrating for the past 2 years. So although we have not been able to affect 
substantial improvements because of prevailing market conditions but it has been a 
focus area for us and I am happy to state that we have been able to reduce 
inventories substantially during the past 6 months and we hope to effect further 
improvements in the debtor cycle during the current year. And definitely the 
increasing share of MDF in the top line is also helping us to streamline the working 
capital cycle because the trade days in MDF is far lower than Plywood and is also in 
a sense helping us to reduce the working capital investment.  

 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
Karan Desai 
Going forward in the presentation as well as in the opening remarks you mentioned 
about incremental growth in the Plywood segment coming from outsource capacities, 
so that would be at the base category for the Ecotec product, right? 
V. Venkataramani 
That is true. So if you look at our Plywood capacity, capacity utilization for the full 
year has been 101%. So I think we would like to see a closer to 110% capacity 
utilization in the current year which would in effect be continuing with a 109% 
capacity utilization we achieved in the last quarter. So I think there is still room for 
improvement, so we can scale up capacity utilization to 120% in the Plywood 
segment and we think we can definitely achieve 115% in the MDF segment. So there 
is still an opportunity to grow in the manufacturing segment and we would also 
continue with our efforts to grow the outsourcing segment in the Plywood business 
because long term we are targeting that most of our growth in Plywood will come 
from the outsourcing segment. 
Karan Desai 
And if you could give a bit of color on your newest initiative that is a Wallpaper thing? 
V. Venkataramani 
We would be trying to achieve a top line of about Rs. 20 crore to Rs. 25 crore in 
FY17 from Wallpaper but it is very difficult to give concrete figures at the moment We 
have achieved about Rs. 4.39 crore in FY16 because we started the business only 
in the last couple of quarters, effectively from December. So we would be targeting 
a top line somewhere between Rs. 20 crore to Rs. 25 crore in FY17 for the Wallpaper 
business but I will be able to give you a more realistic figure once we have a couple 
of more quarters of visibility. 
Karan Desai 
Sure but some color on margins and how is the inventory and everything? 
V. Venkataramani 
It is a new business, so I guess again it will depend upon the top line, operating 
margins will be linked to the top line growth. So if we achieve our top line of about 
Rs. 20 crore to Rs. 25 crore, I think we can get a margin of close to 15% in the current 
year. 
Karan Desai 
And Sir how is the demand scenario across categories; Plywood and MDF. How 
tough is it …? 
V. Venkataramani 
Like I mentioned March was quite positive and April was also reasonably positive but 
dealers have incentive targets at the year end. So I would like to track it for a couple 
of more quarters before making any definite statement on demand conditions in the 
Plywood segment. So we would like to see how the operations pan out in the first 
and the second quarter before giving a statement like that growth is back to a decent 
level in the Plywood business. So I would just like to track it for a couple of more 
quarters. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pratik Shah of Antique Finance, 
please go ahead. 
Pratik Shah 
Could you just give us the volume growth for Ecotec in this quarter and for the full 
year, if it is possible? 
V. Venkataramani 
There was a slight volume de-growth for Ecotec in this quarter for about 2.5% but 
we have to look at it from a different perspective. So, to improve the capacity 
utilization in our manufacturing units, we have shifted some of the products in the 
Ecotec category to the manufactured segment. So overall if we exclude the Ecotec 
BWR from the Ecotec segment, we have had a growth of about 26% in the current 
year. 

 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
Pratik Shah 
Which category is the growth coming from there? 
V. Venkataramani 
Ecotec mostly goes into the mid segment of the residential sector so it is across cities 
in the mid segment of the real estate. 
Pratik Shah 
Which category is growing faster for us in this quarter? 
V. Venkataramani 
If we look at this quarter, Ecotec on a comparative basis has shown a de-growth of 
about 2.5% because we have shifted some products from trading to manufacturing 
and if we look at the premium segment, volumes have improved by 11.5%. 
Pratik Shah 
And Sir one more thing, any change in CAPEX plan or you still stand by the previous 
amount? 
V. Venkataramani 
Our CAPEX plan remains the same. 
Pratik Shah 
Sir on this anti-dumping duty on MDF from Indonesia and Vietnam which will be 
levied in the next 2 months, what is the positive impact on our business division on 
MDF as such? 
Shobhan Mittal 
Well I think what we foresee is that it will have some positive impact on the coastal 
part of the country and the port areas where imports tend to be substantially cheaper 
than our products because since our factory is quite inland and the transportation 
cost is quite expensive but since majority of our sales are already happening in the 
North of India so that will also sort of negate a major portion of the benefit but yes on 
the port areas it definitely makes us more competitive and more importantly when 
the new plant is online which is in Andhra Pradesh which is already very close to the 
port locations of the South that would be more beneficial from that plant’s point of 
view. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja of Emkay Global, 
please go ahead. 
Sneha Talreja 
As you give brief about MDF, I just wanted to know we already have duties on MDF 
on China, Malaysia, New Zealand, Thailand and Sri Lanka. Now we have imposed 
further duties on Indonesia and Vietnam. Just wanted to know how much of the 
proportion is currently being imported from these countries, out of the total demand 
how much is the import proportion? 
Shobhan Mittal 
So Sneha I will answer this, basically what has happened was when the initial anti-
dumping policy was implemented on these countries that you just mentioned, 
majority of the imports actually shifted to Vietnam and Indonesia in order to 
circumvent the effect of the duty. So major of the importers and unfortunately at that 
time there were tremendous new capacities that had built up in Indonesia and 
Vietnam. So majority the imports actually shifted on to Vietnam and Indonesia and 
at that point of time initially when the duty was being implemented on the other 
countries the volume from these countries were very low, so they did not even come 
under the gamut of the investigation but now that major volumes are coming in from 
these countries, is why the government was able to include them in the investigation 
and decided to implement anti-dumping duty on these countries. 
Sneha Talreja 
Right now are those anti-dumping duties prevalent on those countries or is it just on 
Indonesia and Vietnam that we have? 

 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
Shobhan Mittal 
No, so the older policy continues, it has been renewed already and this is in 
additional inclusion of Vietnam. I mean it is a new investigation but now Vietnam and 
Indonesia will also attract anti dumping duty. 
Sneha Talreja 
Just for my knowledge, how is the MDF market in India, how much is being imported, 
how much is being supplied by the Indian producers? 
Shobhan Mittal 
We would say about 35% of the market currently is still being supplied by imported 
products. 
Sneha Talreja 
And the remaining would be Indian producers. 
Shobhan Mittal 
Yes. 
Sneha Talreja 
And how much of it would be from China? 
Shobhan Mittal 
China because again is falling under the anti-dumping duty gamut and currently there 
is not major volumes coming in from China. Already anti-dumping is there and also 
because of the de-valuation of the Ringgit and the Thai Baht import from Malaysia 
has become cheaper compared to China so that is why there is not much volume 
coming in from China at the moment. 
Sneha Talreja 
Okay, otherwise Sir how are we competitive versus China, this anti-dumping duty 
has been re-imposed from August 2015 and I think that would last for around 5 years, 
so otherwise how are we competitive v/s see for example China itself. 
Shobhan Mittal 
Well I think there is different category of products and what we sell in terms of quality 
is very different to a certain Chinese producer maybe selling here but if we focus on, 
if you compare the prices in North of India where we are located close to the market 
whereas they have to transport the material all the way from the port into the market. 
In that case we become to be more competitive and if it works the other way round 
where I am transporting the material to the port areas like Chennai or Bombay, etc., 
and sea freight tends to be much cheaper compared to the inland freight of India and 
then of course they tend to be more competitive and that is why the anti-dumping 
sort of is helping on the coastal areas. 
Sneha Talreja 
And Sir what according to you would be the impact on demand because we have 
seen the demand slowing down from you know it was growing at about 25% to 30% 
earlier then we came down to around 15% to 20%, this quarter we understand that 
it is due to shut down of around 7 days that you have taken a hit, otherwise with this 
anti-dumping duty coming into picture, how do you see the demand in India for MDF? 
Shobhan Mittal 
We do not see that the market demand will shrink. What this will definitely help in 
increase of sales and growth for the domestic producers, but I do not think a market 
demand itself would get affected because the imported products will simply start 
getting replaced by domestic producers. 
Sneha Talreja 
So it will just give us a short term temporary that the Indian producer would be able 
to gain the market share currently. 
Shobhan Mittal 
Yes. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Chedha of Lucky Investment 
Managers, please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Pritesh Chedha 
I was just looking at your numbers, now you said about utilization level in Plywood is 
about (+100%) and utilization in MDF is about 98%, is that the number which you 
gave? 
V. Venkataramani 
I said 101% in Plywood and 99% in MDF. 
Pritesh Chedha 
If I look at both these numbers and look at your capital employed and EBIT number, 
it seems to suggest that about (+20%) is what the ROC is in Plywood and about 30% 
is the ROC which is there in the MDF. So hereon I wanted to understand your CAPEX 
plan, would it be in MDF or would it be in Plywood and your growth considering the 
fact that you are running at (+100%) or around 100% in both these spaces? 
V. Venkataramani 
A major part of our growth will come from MDF because our next major capital 
expenditure is happening in MDF. We are setting up a new MDF plant in Andhra 
Pradesh with a capacity of 3,60,000 cubic meters which is twice the existing capacity, 
so I think major part of our growth in MDF in future that is effective from FY 2019 will 
come from MDF but during this period of next 2 years I think growth in the MDF and 
Plywood will go hand in hand. So we should be growing at almost similar levels in 
both the product segments.  
Pritesh Chedha 
So it would be mostly outsource or you can juice up this capacity more by utilization? 
V. Venkataramani 
I mentioned we are operating at about 100% in Plywood so we can take capacity 
utilization to about 120% and then the balance growth would come from outsourcing. 
In MDF this year we have done 99%, so we can go up to 115% but there would be 
no outsourcing opportunities in MDF. 
Pritesh Chedha 
So MDF you have one-year capacity available for growth, FY18 it would be 
challenging? 
V. Venkataramani 
Yes, FY18 would be challenging definitely. 
Pritesh Chedha 
And what kind of capital expenditure is done in MDF? 
V. Venkataramani 
It would be approximately about Rs. 700 crore of which we have spent about Rs. 60 
crore till date and the balance will happen over FY17, FY18 and say roughly middle 
of FY19. 
Pritesh Chedha 
And how much would be debt funded in this and is there any equity need? 
V. Venkataramani 
About 60% of the funding would be from debt and we will be doing a small dilution 
of about 2%. So we would be raising approximately Rs. 50 crore of equity. 
Pritesh Chedha 
Lastly I just want to understand are there any margin drivers on incremental 20% 
more utilization of capacities? 
V. Venkataramani 
So I would expect a 50 to 70 basis points improvement in the margins. 
Pritesh Chedha 
And your tax rate? 
V. Venkataramani 
Tax rate will increase further in FY17, so I think from about 25% in the current year 
should move up to about 28% in FY17. 
Pritesh Chedha 
And FY18? 

 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
V. Venkataramani 
Similar levels. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah of Indsec Securities, 
please go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah 
Couple of questions first is related to the inventory days. So when I am looking at the 
inventory days it came down to around 31 days from 45 days in FY15, so how should 
we read it out? I mean is that because you are expecting the subdued demand in the 
next few quarters so just to manage the working capital? 
V. Venkataramani 
No, see the focus was on reducing the working capital, investments primarily in 
Plywood because it is already quite well-controlled in MDF. So there was limited 
scope to improve the debtor days in the Plywood segment during the current year, 
so we focused more on improving the inventory levels which was pretty much within 
our control. So we have been able to bring down inventory days just to about 31 days 
in the current year from about 49 days at the end of FY15. So going forward I think 
we have now come to the best possible inventory days possibly some small 
improvements but we would be definitely targeting at improving the debtors days in 
the current year. 
Dhavan Shah 
So we can expect that the inventory could be in this range around 30 days to 35 
days, right? 
V. Venkataramani 
Yes that is correct. 
Dhavan Shah 
And just if you can highlight something on the margins for the Plywood segment for 
this quarter, so that has improved a lot I suppose, around 1%. 
V. Venkataramani 
I will explain that; we had done some capital expenditure at the Nagaland factory to 
basically improve the quality of the Plywood, so due to that capital expenditure we 
have become entitled to refund of excise duty at the Nagaland unit effective July 
2015 so since we got the approval only in February this year  the entire excise refund 
for 9 months has come in the current quarter, so that has had an impact of about 
100 basis points on our Plywood margins for the current quarter. 
Dhavan Shah 
So our margins is around 10% for Plywood, is it right? 
V. Venkataramani 
Plywood I think it is about 10.3% of that about 1% would be due to the impact of 
excise refund for the previous two quarters which were received in the current 
quarter. 
Dhavan Shah 
Just one more clarification, you said this revenue of around Rs. 20 crore in FY17 
from this wallpaper business, right? 
V. Venkataramani 
That is correct.  
Dhavan Shah 
So, in the last con call, you guided something Rs. 30-40 crore from this wallpaper 
business, so any reason to downgrade the guidance? 
V. Venkataramani 
I think it is taking time to spread the distribution network, so we have revised our 
estimate, so possibly, yes the work which we have done in the wallpaper segment 
over the past 6 months, so I think Rs. 20-25 crore is a more achievable number for 
FY17. 
Dhavan Shah 
Okay and just last question, the current investment has been sold off this year, so is 
that entirely into the Himalaya Granite debentures? 

 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
V. Venkataramani 
No, Himalaya Granite was a very small investment that was only Rs. 64 lacs, what 
we have done is, you remember till last year The Myanmar company was a 100% 
subsidiary of Greenply Industries, so that has been sold to our JV company at 
Singapore. So, earlier we were holding Myanmar as a subsidiary of Greenply India, 
now it is a subsidiary of the JV company in Singapore and our 50% investment in the 
JV company is through our wholly-owned subsidiary in Singapore. 
Moderator 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
floor back to the management for closing comments. Over to you sir.  
Shobhan Mittal 
Thank you very much for attending this call. If you do have any more questions, 
please feel free to contact us. With this we would like to close this call. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of 
Greenply Ply Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
