
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Solar Industries India 
Q4FY16 Results 
 May 17, 2016 | 12 Noon IST 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Participants 
Mr. Manish Nuwal 
Managing Director 
 
Mr. R.D.Vakil 
Executive Director 
 
Mr. Nilesh Panpaliya 
CFO 
 
Mr. Preetam Batra 
Investor Relations 
 
 
   
Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
Questions and Answers 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Solar 
Industries India Limited Q4FY16 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Edelweiss 
Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call 
please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone phone. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Bahety of Edelweiss Securities 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Manoj Bahety Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Edelweiss I welcome you 
all to Q4FY16 Earnings Conference Call of Solar Industries. From the 
management today we have Mr. Manish Nuwal – MD Solar Industries, Mr. R. D. 
Vakil – Executive Director, Mr. Nilesh Panpaliya – CFO and Mr. Preetam Batra – 
Vice President, Investor Relations. May I request the management to give us a 
brief overview of the performance which will be followed by Q&A. Over to you 
sir.  
Nilesh Panpaliya Good afternoon. This is Nilesh Panpaliya – CFO, Solar 
Industries India Limited and welcome you all to this Investor Conference. For 
the quarter-ended March 31, 2016 the figures are the gross  Sales increased by 
11.14% year on year that is to Rs.  465.53 crores in Q4FY16 from Rs. 418.88 
crores in Q4FY15. The EBITDA stands at 20.35% as compared to 18.15% i.e. it 
rose by almost 24.27% to Rs. 87.28 crores in Q4 FY16 from Rs. 70.24 crores in 
Q4FY15. The PBT rose to Rs. 72.88 crores in Q4FY16 when compared to Rs. 
55.56 crores, a growth of almost 31.2%. The PBT stands at 17%. Because of 
the increase of tax rates the net profit after tax stands at 11.24% in Q4FY16 
compared to 10.36% in Q4FY15. The figures for net profit are Rs. 48.22 crores 
for Q4FY16 as compared to 40.10 crores in Q4FY15. So post this quarterly 
result when we look at the year end and see the overall year the gross  sale has 
increased by almost 14% to Rs. 1658.23 crores in FY16 from Rs. 1456.46 crores 
of FY15. The EBITDA improved by almost 18.31% year on year basis to Rs. 
309.88 crores in FY16 from Rs. 261.92 crores in FY15 or you can say the 
EBITDA margin stands at 20.22% in FY16 compared to 19.47% in FY15. 
Similarly, the PBT has reached a figure of Rs. 256.37 crores i.e. 16.73 as 
percentage of sales and the figure is of Rs. 212.62 crores, a growth of almost 
20.58%. And as I said that because of the increase in tax rate from 22% to 
30% the net profit after minority tax has increased by 12.71% to Rs. 166.14 
crores for FY16 from Rs. 147.41 crores in FY15. So these were broadly the 
financial figures for the year. 
For the entire year we did a CAPEX of almost Rs. 135 crores. When we talk 
about the various customer bifurcations we have Coal India standing at 26.11% 
compared to 30.05% in the previous year, Non - Coal India and institution 
stands at 19.73% compared to 15.99% in previous year. Infrastructure and 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
construction stands at 25.02% of the total revenue compared to 26.15% and 
our export & overseas stands at 28.68% compared to 27.8% in the previous 
year. We have a small contribution from defense of just 0.46% this year and as 
you are all aware in the coming year we are expecting a turnover of almost Rs. 
80 crores from defense. 
Now if we talk about the balance sheet figures, our next fixed assets have gone 
to Rs. 749 crores from Rs. 646 crores. The total capital employed is Rs. 1170 
crores compared to Rs. 1064 crores in the previous year based on which if you 
calculate the return of capital employed on EBITDA it is 26.5% and return on 
net worth on EBITDA level is almost 35.7%. The inventory days has reduced 
from 78 to 68 days. The creditors have gone up from 30 days to 39 days. 
Debtor days stands at 58 days compared to 48 days in the previous year. 
However, if you talk about the domestic debtors they are at the same level as 
43 days. However, because of the increased exports and overseas the debtor 
days are seen an increase of 10 days. When we talk about the total borrowings 
of the company, our total debt in FY16 is close to Rs. 325 crores compared to 
Rs. 320 crores in FY15 which was almost Rs. 423 crores in FY14. So we have 
been fairly reducing our debt and we have improved our working capital days as 
well, which has resulted into lowering of this debt. The net debt  stands at 
almost Rs. 257.61 crores as compared to Rs. 253.40 crores and the net debt 
equity ratio is 0.3.  
Now when we talk about the FOREX exposure of the company, today the total 
exposure stands at $38.32 million, out of which almost $29.27 million is hedged 
against the balance we have natural hedge as we have an open export position 
to the tune of $15 million. We have been informing that for this year we have a 
firm order of around Rs. 80 crores from the defense which is for HMX and its 
various compounds. They are from various ordinance factories like Jabalpur and 
TBRL, DRDL Hyderabad. We have warhead filling from BDL Hyderabad and of 
course from HEMRL and TBRL again. So this is as far as the numbers in this 
quarter are concerned. I think going ahead in this current year we have planned 
our budgeted capital expenditure of approximately Rs. 200 crores for this year. 
Out of which we will be using Rs. 100 crores for expanding our explosive 
division domestically and then for overseas we have set aside Rs. 50 crores and 
for defense we have reserved around Rs. 50 crores. So this is as far as 
whatever we have in the fourth quarter result and yearly figures. 
So now we can have it open for the question and answer session. 
Moderator Thank you sir. Ladies & gentlemen we will now begin the question 
and answer session. We have our first question from the line of Kashyap Jhaveri 
from Capital 72 Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Jhaveri Just wanted to check in the opening remarks you mentioned 
about the defense turnover in this quarter, how much was there? 
Nilesh Panpaliya That was Rs. 80 crores. 
Kashyap Jhaveri In this quarter? 
Nilesh Panpaliya In this full year we did around Rs. 8 crores. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
Kashyap Jhaveri And we have firm orders of about Rs. 80 crores in hand. Now 
when you say firm orders what could be the execution timeline? 
Nilesh Panpaliya In the entire year, one year is the execution time. It will 
start from the second quarter. Some portion will go in June then in the second 
quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. And from second quarter it will go in 
full swing.  
Kashyap Jhaveri Generally in let us say last about 6 months’ government 
outflow of orders in defense, how has that been? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Government has been talking about giving orders in defense 
but in our sector this is what we have, maximum order whatever is possible. 
Kashyap Jhaveri Any further orders in last 6 months which have come up? 
Nilesh Panpaliya We are expecting a few more in another 2 to 3 months. 
Probably update I will later on but there are few things which are going to come 
up.  
Moderator We have next question from the line of Dhaval Dama from Equirus 
Capital Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Dama Sir just wanted to ask you like you mentioned that this year you 
would be doing Rs. 100 crores of CAPEX for the domestic business, so would be 
keen to know like say in which product categories are we looking to expand the 
capacities? It is bulk or cartridge or some other products we are looking to add? 
And would be great if you could share the number also that by the end of this 
year what would be our capacity in those segments? 
Nilesh Panpaliya We will be doing this capacity expansion in domestic and all, 
that will be in bulk, cartridge and initiative  system, detonators. 
Dhaval Dama Sir so if I am not wrong our installed capacity today in bulk 
would be something close to 1,60,000 tons.  
Nilesh Panpaliya No, no it would be like 275,000 tons. 
Dhaval Dama So if I am not wrong it is a license capacity, right? 
Nilesh Panpaliya It is a license capacity. Our installed capacity is close to 
2,00,000 tons. 
Dhaval Dama So we would be further ramping up on that side also? 
Nilesh Panpaliya We will be taking that to almost 3,00,000 tons. 
Dhaval Dama And sir second thing I would also like to know like say if I am not 
wrong we are looking like say you mentioned that 50 crores for the international 
business so by when would that be operational and what product are we looking 
and what geography also? 
Nilesh Panpaliya We will be setting this plant in South Africa which will be 
operational in second half of this year and the product which we will be 
manufacturing is bulk explosive. 
Dhaval Dama And sir one more thing like say this quarter we had a better 
currency hit because of which our top-line also looked lower, would be great if 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
you could share that number also what could be the hit because of currency 
fluctuation? 
Nilesh Panpaliya If we talk about currency fluctuation Turkish Lira has 
devaluated by 27%. Zambian Kwacha has devaluated by 51%, the Nigerian 
Naira has devaluated by 15%. Overall impact if we talk for this entire year has 
been close to around Rs. 65 crores. 
Dhaval Dama And sir one more thing like our receivables have gone up quite 
significantly, so is it because sales happening during the last quarter or would it 
get normalized during the next year? 
Nilesh Panpaliya It will get normalized during the next year. It was more on 
account of increased exposure in the last quarter. 
Moderator We have the next question from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi Sir how much margin you expect from defense project and on 
today how much order you are having in your hand which can be updated 
beyond 2017? 
Nilesh Panpaliya We are having orders of almost Rs. 80 crores for the present 
year. 
Ravi Naredi 80 crores is okay but it will be implemented in 2017 only, beyond 
that you do not have any order? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Beyond that order will flow in the fourth quarter once we 
start supplying to them then they will give further orders in the coming years. 
Ravi Naredi And how much margin in defense? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Defense we have around 20% plus margins. 
Ravi Naredi In cartridge business what do you expect in the current year 
because everywhere the Coal India production is down, infrastructure has not 
picked up. So what is your opinion about cartridge business in current year? 
Nilesh Panpaliya We are fairly bullish from the cartridge business. Coal India 
we have seen increased production of 9% and for your information there has 
been a fresh tender also floated by Coal India for the additional quantity for 
explosive requirements. And in fact their focus is more on over burden removal 
in Coal India for which maximum explosives is required. And definitely when we 
talk about cartridge explosives another sector is housing and construction, so 
there will be a lot of announcements for road construction where projects are 
starting which will lead to an increased demand for cartridge and with a lot of 
these housing projects which are being taken up by the state governments. 
There also we will see an increased demand for explosives. 
Ravi Naredi So in real term the infrastructure project has been getting shaped 
in current year?  
Nilesh Panpaliya Yes, Yes definitely. Road construction has come down. It was 
virtually on a halt. Increase from there to say 10 km, now it has 20 km per day. 
So definitely there is an increase and next year the target is 30 km. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
Ravi Naredi So you think it will be implemented soon? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Yes, it has to. 
Ravi Naredi You are not doing uniformly con-call. Last year you have made in 
last financial year in 2015 then again after one year the con-call is there. So if 
after every quarter you make it, it will be convenient for us. 
Nilesh Panpaliya We will definitely consider your advice and request. 
Moderator We have the next question from the line of Gaurav Maheshwari 
from Unilazer Ventures Limited. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Maheshwari Sir a couple of questions. First of all, you have not 
mentioned anything on the propellant side of it. So if you can just give some 
dope on that? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Propellant as we said for this year we have order for Akash 
Propellant, which is 300 is number. So roughly around Rs. 24 crores of order we 
have for propellant, we will be starting this up. 
Gaurav Maheshwari So this is over and above the 80 odd crores or this is 
included in that? 
Nilesh Panpaliya It includes that. 
Gaurav Maheshwari Okay, so approximately 56 odd crores would be for HMX? 
Nilesh Panpaliya HMX and other firewood and igniters.  
Gaurav Maheshwari Okay, so in that case do we need to expand their 
capacity for HMX? 
Nilesh Panpaliya No, presently at this stage we are definitely expanding our 
capacity for HMX. 
Gaurav Maheshwari Okay and the CAPEX that you have mentioned of Rs. 50 
crores that you are primarily going for that, right? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Right. 
Gaurav 
Maheshwari 
Okay. 
Second 
question 
was 
pertaining 
to 
the 
international sales, so it stood at Rs. 365 odd crores, would you be able to give 
a breakup on Nigeria, Zambia and Turkish sales either in INR terms or a 
constant currency basis? 
Nilesh Panpaliya I will give you those figures later.  
Gaurav Maheshwari On the cartridge side Q4 saw a large growth. So can you 
explain? Is this a normalized number now because we have seen that improving 
from almost 20,000 metric tons to 30,000 metric tons. So would this be the new 
normal because the growth has been phenomenal on a quarter on quarter 
basis? 
Nilesh Panpaliya See the cartridge has grown when you compare to around 
24,000 has been the quantity compared to similar quarter. Now it is 30,012 
quantitative growth. So because of that as we said increased in well thinking 
activity and infrastructure that resulted in the growth for this cartridge 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
explosives. 
Gaurav Maheshwari And do we assume this to be the new normal going 
ahead as well? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Every fourth quarter has been the quarter with highest 
number and with now this infrastructure and housing project in line we are 
definitely in but in cartridge we expect 10% growth whereas it is the bulk 
segment where we see expect 25% growth. 
Gaurav Maheshwari And since you are saying that you are expanding your 
bulk explosive capacity from 2 lakh to 3 lakh, so how many more pump trucks 
do we need to buy in that case? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Right now we do not have that exact number calculation of 
pump trucks. 
Gaurav Maheshwari But all that is included in the CAPEX numbers? 
Nilesh Panpaliya That is all included in that. 
Gaurav Maheshwari And on the other minerals apart from coal can you just 
give some market scenario as to how is it panning out because we are 
expanding iron ore and other minerals so are we getting traction there? 
R. D. Vakil What we look at their scenario for the coming year, we expect that 
the cement production will go up by about 10%. Currently it is about 280 million 
tons and with the housing construction peaking up in almost all states we 
expect a 10% to 12% increase cement which would result in about 10% growth 
in limestone production. So that will be a big boost. As you know steel industry 
has been sluggish. Worldwide there is a depression in steel. The iron ore is not a 
very major component of our explosive business though but iron ore production 
from 129 million tons is likely to go up by at least 20 million tons in the coming 
year which is nowhere near the previous production of 280 million tons. 
Because of this stagnation steel prices have gone down drastically worldwide. 
So steel production is expected to be about 90 million tons this year which is 
almost same as the steel production last year. So we expect that this will grow 
only after the situation eases in China as far as steel is concerned. Iron ore is 
going to be stagnant for some more time but what we look at the great push is 
the infrastructure segment. Lately the housing, road constructions are the two 
pointers which are giving a big boost to the explosive industry. We have seen 
that the road construction which has now reached about 20 km a day already 
provisions have been made, NHAI has released contracts for 8000 km, NHDCL 
has released contracts for another 7000 km. So all in all we expect that the 
road construction will go up to at least 30 km a day in the coming year and 
reach a 40 km day in the subsequent years. So this is a segment which has a 
big demand for the whole package then explosives and initiatives. The other 
aspect is the housing construction. Now government has planned to construct 
4.5 lakh houses by 2022. So this is a huge requirement of aggregate gravel for 
house construction and that will impact both cement as well as quarrying 
aggregate which are big consumers of explosives. So that is how we see the 
scenario apart from coal being the main driver. The projection for next year is 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
9% growth in Coal India and Singareni Collieries have taken a 18% growth for 
the next year. All and all we see quite a future in demand increase in the 
coming year. 
Moderator We have the next question from the line of Pankaj Bodade from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Bodade Just wanted to understand as you mentioned that we are 
expanding our bulk explosive capacity by almost 50% and we are utilizing our 
cartridge explosive capacity by more than 100%. What gives us confidence that 
our increased capacity in bulk explosive would be to utilize it to its optimum 
capacity? And are these two capacities fungible? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Presently  we have that we already increased our capacity to 
1,25,000 so based on the increased demand, the way Indian economy is 
shaping up, when we are seeing the increase in the Coal India production as Mr. 
Vakil explained to you that gives us the feeling that there will be a demand for 
these products and our capacities will be utilized. Based on which we are doing 
this. As far as fungibility is concerned between products we can of course move 
the licenses here in whatever we have set up this is it. 
Pankaj Bodade I did not get the last point. 
Nilesh Panpaliya The capacities are not fungible. You can shift the license of 
cartridge to bulk but not the capacity. 
Pankaj Bodade And sir how much CAPEX did we do till date for defense and 
what are the additional CAPEX which we will be doing on the same? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Till date we have done 200 crores of CAPEX on defense and 
may be another 50 crores in this coming year. 
Pankaj Bodade Okay, so together it will be around 250. 
Nilesh Panpaliya At the end of this year. 
Pankaj Bodade Right, so in first year we did just 8 crores and next year we 
would be doing around Rs. 80 odd crores. So when do we see it utilize to the 
optimum capacity? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Another 3 to 4 years when we see it getting utilized. 
Moderator We have the next question from the line of Dhaval Dama from 
Equirus Capital Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Dama Just wanted to ask you now if I am not wrong we had got the 
Singareni tender for something close to Rs. 250 crores. So would like to know 
how much quantum is still remaining and when would the new tender be also 
opening up? 
Nilesh Panpaliya We have received definitely the orders for Singareni 
Collieries. But next month we will get it from them. That is the right way to 
comment on that. 
Dhaval Dama So can you just give us a broad picture like say whether you 
expect a higher quantum or not, I am not talking about the absolute numbers.  

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
Nilesh Panpaliya Yes a higher quantum and a very good order from Singareni 
Collieries. 
Moderator We have the question from the line of Mr. Manoj Bahety from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bahety My first question is to Mr. Manish, just wanted to get some 
perspective on the defense business ramp up especially Pinaka. So where do 
you see that the order or tendering is getting stuck and how do you see this 
propellant business to ramp up over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Manish Nuwal As far as this defense business is concerned like we have 
shared in our last conference call also that at the moment there are capacity 
limitation which is there in the ordinance factories to integrate the complete 
rockets of Pinaka. With those bottlenecks we have started to work on complete 
integration of Pinaka and this facility will be live in next 3 to 4 months’ time. We 
were expecting it to finish basically in this first quarter itself but due to some 
technical bottleneck it will be in next quarter. Once we finish these facilities then 
we are expecting, then we will participate with the army or ordinance factory 
that we should get the complete Pinaka rockets order. 
Manoj Bahety So right now the bottleneck is that ordinance factory level where 
they may be having a capacity constraint that is why the propellant orders are 
not showing in and once we start doing that integration at our side, sir if you 
can take us through the broad steps like once your facility is ready whether 
again it has to go through some technical or commercial approval and thereafter 
the order starts flowing in. Mainly I wanted to guess that from today what is the 
optimistic estimation of the order flows to us? 
Manish Nuwal We expect commercial orders flowing in next year only 2017-
18. 
Manoj Bahety And whether this new facility which will involve the integration 
of the complete rocket, that also has to undergo some technical approval? 
Manish Nuwal Yes, yes definitely because first stage is to set up some facility 
getting a technical approval and evaluations. Just that we need some time that 
is why I said that in next quarter we will be ready with all those things.  
Manoj Bahety And this integration also involves some technology transfer from 
DRDO like the way it has happened for our propellant facility? 
Manish Nuwal Yes, same process. 
Manoj Bahety So the technology transfer and everything has happened, right. 
Now we are already in the construction phase. 
Manish Nuwal I have not said that. I have said that once we set up the facility 
then technology transfer will take place. 
Manoj Bahety Got it. The second thing is I just wanted to understand that 
what is the breakeven utilization level of our defense project like we have 
incurred around Rs. 200 crores of CAPEX, Rs. 50 crores we are going to incur 
this year. So to absorb the overheads what is the minimum level of the turnover 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
which we should achieve from the defense project? 
Manish Nuwal We have not done that exact calculation as to what level of 
breakeven point will be there. Definitely by and large if we reach to around Rs. 
150 crores level our unit is self-sufficient. 
Manoj Bahety At Rs. 150 crores level the unit is self-sufficient at cash flow 
level or at PAT level? 
Manish Nuwal At cash flow level. 
Manoj Bahety My second question is mainly on our existing business if you can 
talk a little bit on our market share and as we were mentioning that on the infra 
side we are seeing some momentum, so if we can also give a broad perspective 
that what is our revenue mix between infra and mining as well as market share 
in both the segments. 
Manish Nuwal It will be very difficult to give the market share at this stage 
because the official data is yet to be released. Once it is out then we will update 
you on market share perspective but as far as business perspective is concerned 
like Mr. Vakil has said that there is bullishness in Coal India as far as mining is 
concerned only from coal mining perspective but definitely they are ramping up 
overburden removal at a much faster pace. So there is a big jump in demand 
for explosives in coal mining. As far as this infrastructure is concerned definitely 
we have seen there is a jump in our quantity of explosives for that segment. 
Overall if you see the package explosives and bulk explosives there is a decent 
announcement in this market and we expect that once this housing and 
infrastructure both are in place we expect that market will definitely grow more 
than 12%. We are targeting more than 20% volume rise every year. 
Manoj Bahety Is it possible to share our revenue mix not the market share 
between infrastructure and mining? 
Manish Nuwal Nilesh has already shared with you that we have basically four 
segments which is our coal mining is around 26%. Then in Coal India there are 
other mining customer which is around 20%. If you look at the infrastructure, 
housing and well syncing that is 25%. Basically 29% goes for outside India 
market. Our business is well divided into four segments.  
Moderator We have next question from the line of Govind Agarwal from Alpha 
Accurate Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Govind Agarwal Sir you mentioned that you are quite bullish on demand from 
Coal India but off late we have seen the production ramped down from Coal 
India particularly in last 1 or 2 months due to the paucity of demand from 
power plants. Now that be so can you please elaborate a little more and also if 
you see the international prices continue to remain low. So in that scenario can 
you elaborate a little more as to what is the kind of volume growth you are 
expecting from Coal India? 
 R.D.Vakil I think today Piyush Goyal has given an interview in Economic-
Times. There are 2-3 factors. One is that it has stocks at about 38mn MT and 
there is a 27 days stocks in the power houses, whatever level of stocks. There 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
are two issues. One is that the plant load factor of the power plants it has come 
down to about 66%. Now this is a major concern and now Piyush Goyal has said 
that his immediate target is to see that the plant load factor goes up to 90%. 
Even if it goes up by 5% increase, plant load factor there would again be crisis 
of coal supply to power plant. That is one issue. So this aspect has been tackled 
by the government and so overall even Coal India Chairman has made an 
announcement that there is going to be no cut down in production and this off 
take is bound to increase in the coming months. The other thing that with which 
the ministry is tackling is the import of coal which is about 260 million tons last 
year has come down drastically. There is a 20% drop in the import and that has 
saved us 28,000 crores of foreign exchange. Our target is to bring down this in 
this coming year to 50,000 tons saving in the import target. So this is bound to 
rationalize the supply and stock position of Coal India. If you look at Coal India’s 
target also for the coming year, they have taken a 9% increase over the 
existing and importantly they have taken a 20% increase in the overburden. 
They are going deeper and deeper and more of waste crop has to be removed. 
So that is all helping it. If you look at Singareni Collieries they have shown a 
16% increase last year in coal production and they have taken again a 15% 
increased target for the coming year. And 17% increase in OB removal. So this 
is all where the demand for explosives is likely to escalate. Even in the current 
year they found that the explosives what they had tendered earlier in Coal India 
is not enough so they have gone for additional tender for the current year. We 
do not see that there will be any down slides in production as far as coal is 
concerned.  
Govind Agarwal So you will be comfortable with at least 10-12% volume 
growth from Coal India? 
 R.D. Vakil Yes, this is what we are looking at. 
Govind Agarwal Second question is with regard to, because if I recall right 
couple of quarters back the management had mentioned that there was a 
pricing pressure as the demand was a little less. So how is the competitive 
scenario in explosives now? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Like we shared in our last conference call that in the last Coal 
India tender the prices have fallen from more than 15% on an average and that 
competitive pressure is still going on. But with the fall in prices definitely there 
is a fall in our raw material prices as well. So if we look at the overall scenario 
definitely there is a pressure but definitely we are in a position to absorb all this 
pressure and still going ahead. 
Govind Agarwal Sir you mentioned about 12% volume growth for the industry 
and company doing around 20%. So do you expect this starting this year or still 
that is some time away? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Even in this 2015-16 our expectation is that we have grown 
more than the industry growth rate like our volume if you look at the total 
volume of package and bulk our growth is around 23%. And I do not think that 
industry would have grown by around 30%. Definitely it would not be more than 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
10-12% and our volume growth is more than the industry average and we are 
quite positive that we will keep the same momentum in the next 3-4 years to 
increase our market shares. 
Govind Agarwal Do you expect any price increases this year? 
Nilesh Panpaliya This year already all tenders are in place, so there is no 
chance of price rise. 
Moderator We have a follow-on question from the line of Pankaj Bodade from 
Axis Securities, please go ahead sir. 
Pankaj Bodade Just wanted to know what would be the peak revenue that we 
would be able to draw from the Rs. 250 crores of CAPEX we did in defense and 
second question I wanted to understand what is the status of the Nalanda 
project which we had bagged earlier? 
Nilesh Panpaliya As far as Nalanda is concerned there is no progress because 
the government  has scrapped the tender we have not  backed, we had 
participated in the tender. 
Pankaj Bodade We were to erect a firm company for them. 
Nilesh Panpaliya We invested in the tender where we had to erect a plant but 
now the government has not progressed and basically scrapped the tender and 
they will be coming out with a new tender. As far as the revenue generation 
from the Rs. 250 crores CAPEX we did from them, we can generate a revenue of 
around Rs. 500 crores plus per year.  
Pankaj Bodade And what would be the margin for defense? 
Nilesh Panpaliya (+20%). 
Moderator We have a next follow-on question from the line of Manoj Bahety 
from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bahety There is just a follow-on on the defense side, peak revenue you 
mentioned 500 crores, right? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Yes. 
Manoj Bahety Earlier the number used to be 700 to 800. 
Nilesh Panpaliya It is still there if you do a CAPEX of 75 crores instead of 50, 
25 crores additional will give us more propellant to initiate the revenue to 800 
crores. 
Manoj Bahety Secondly some time back there was one press release where we 
had mentioned some CAPEX from the BMCS side. Any update on that? I think 
that CAPEX was supposed to happen in a modular form or in a gradual manner. 
So any update on that side? 
Nilesh Panpaliya We have said that we have signed an agreement with state 
government that we will be setting up the facility for BMCS, post we get all the 
clearances. As far as our commitment to set we are there. For some 
government clearances which are still pending on BMCS, once they start we get 
those clearances we will definitely start and we will update you all on that.  

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
Manoj Bahety And sir if those approval comes what kind of peak CAPEX will it 
incur? Would you like to share details now or you will share at a later date? 
Nilesh Panpaliya As and when we get how much what capacity they want us 
to set up it will be all based on that. 
Manoj Bahety And it will be like similar kind of margins which you are saying 
20% plus kind of margins, right? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Right. 
Moderator We have a follow-on question from the line of Mr. Ravi Naredi from 
Naredi Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi Sir you are telling Coal India more order flowing in, while in actual 
position Coal India production is down in April 2016, this year, so will you 
comment anything on this? 
Nilesh Panpaliya No, we cannot comment on this. 
Ravi Naredi But you are telling that more -  
Nilesh Panpaliya Yes, they have already floated a tender which is publicly it 
was announced they are ready to make more. As now Mr. Vakil explained a few 
minutes back that how and why the Coal India Production will be improving but 
this was factor…. 
Moderator We have a next question from the line of Govind Agarwal from 
Alpha Accurate Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Govind Agarwal You mentioned about gross debt at 325 crores at 31st March, 
2016, so what is the average cost of debt last year 
Nilesh Panpaliya 7.5%. 
Govind Agarwal And what is the next year end debt you expect? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Next year this debt may increase by another Rs. 50 crores. 
Govind Agarwal So 375? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Yes. 
Govind Agarwal And cost should come down? 
Nilesh Panpaliya No, it will be at the same cost. 
Govind Agarwal Same cost? 
Nilesh Panpaliya Yes. 
Govind Agarwal And tax rate you said is fourth quarter 30%. 
Nilesh Panpaliya That is for the entire year henceforth.  
Moderator Ladies & gentlemen that was the last question and I will hand the 
floor back to Mr. Manoj Bahety for closing comments. Thank you and over to 
you sir.  
Manoj Bahety Thanks everyone and on behalf of Edelweiss I would like to 
thank Mr. Manish, Mr. Vakil, Mr. Nilesh and Preetam to be on the call and I 
would like to hand over the call to you for any closing comments if any. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
Nilesh Panpaliya Thank you friends for this patient hearing. I hope we have 
given you all the information which is needed. In case if you still have some 
questions left you can contact us directly or through Edelweiss whatever is 
convenient to you. That is all from Nagpur Solar Industries. Thank you so much. 
Moderator Thank you sir. On behalf of Edelweiss Securities Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thanks for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
DISCLAIMER 
Edelweiss Securities Limited (“ESL” or “Research Entity”) is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and is 
licensed to carry on the business of broking, depository services and related activities. The business of ESL and its Associates (list 
available on www.edelweissfin.com) are organized around five broad business groups – Credit including Housing and SME Finance, 
Commodities, Financial Markets, Asset Management and Life Insurance.  
This Report has been prepared by Edelweiss Securities Limited in the capacity of a Research Analyst having SEBI Registration 
No.INH200000121 and distributed as per SEBI (Research Analysts) Regulations 2014. This report does not constitute an offer or 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. Securities as defined in 
clause (h) of section 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 includes Financial Instruments and Currency Derivatives. The 
information contained herein is from publicly available data or other sources believed to be reliable. This report is provided for assistance 
only and is not intended to be and must not alone be taken as the basis for an investment decision. The user assumes the entire risk of 
any use made of this information. Each recipient of this report should make such investigation as it deems necessary to arrive at an 
independent evaluation of an investment in Securities referred to in this document (including the merits and risks involved), and should 
consult his own advisors to determine the merits and risks of such investment. The investment discussed or views expressed may not be 
suitable for all investors.  
This information is strictly confidential and is being furnished to you solely for your information. This information should not be 
reproduced or redistributed or passed on directly or indirectly in any form to any other person or published, copied, in whole or in part, 
for any purpose. This report is not directed or intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of 
or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction, where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to 
law, regulation or which would subject ESL and associates / group companies to any registration or licensing requirements within such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this report in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and persons in whose possession this report 
comes, should observe, any such restrictions. The information given in this report is as of the date of this report and there can be no 
assurance that future results or events will be consistent with this information. This information is subject to change without any prior 
notice. ESL reserves the right to make modifications and alterations to this statement as may be required from time to time. ESL or any of 
its associates / group companies shall not be in any way responsible for any loss or damage that may arise to any person from any 
inadvertent error in the information contained in this report. ESL is committed to providing independent and transparent 
recommendation to its clients. Neither ESL nor any of its associates, group companies, directors, employees, agents or representatives 
shall be liable for any damages whether direct, indirect, special or consequential including loss of revenue or lost profits that may arise 
from or in connection with the use of the information. Our proprietary trading and investment businesses may make investment 
decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations expressed herein. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future 
performance .The disclosures of interest statements incorporated in this report are provided solely to enhance the transparency and 
should not be treated as endorsement of the views expressed in the report. The information provided in these reports remains, unless 
otherwise stated, the copyright of ESL. All layout, design, original artwork, concepts and other Intellectual Properties, remains the 
property and copyright of ESL and may not be used in any form or for any purpose whatsoever by any party without the express written 
permission of the copyright holders.  
ESL shall not be liable for any delay or any other interruption which may occur in presenting the data due to any reason including 
network (Internet) reasons or snags in the system, break down of the system or any other equipment, server breakdown, maintenance 
shutdown, breakdown of communication services or inability of the ESL to present the data. In no event shall ESL be liable for any 
damages, including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in 
connection with the data presented by the ESL through this report. 
We offer our research services to clients as well as our prospects. Though this report is disseminated to all the customers simultaneously, 
not all customers may receive this report at the same time. We will not treat recipients as customers by virtue of their receiving this 
report.  
ESL and its associates, officer, directors, and employees, research analyst (including relatives) worldwide may: (a) from time to time, have 
long or short positions in, and buy or sell the Securities, mentioned herein or (b) be engaged in any other transaction involving such 
Securities and earn brokerage or other compensation or act as a market maker in the financial instruments of the subject 
company/company(ies) discussed herein or act as advisor or lender/borrower to such company(ies) or have other potential/material 
conflict of interest with respect to any recommendation and related information and opinions at the time of publication of research 
report or at the time of public appearance. ESL may have proprietary long/short position in the above mentioned scrip(s) and therefore 
should be considered as interested. The views provided herein are general in nature and do not consider risk appetite or investment 
objective of any particular investor; readers are requested to take independent professional advice before investing. This should not be 
construed as invitation or solicitation to do business with ESL. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
ESL or its associates may have received compensation from the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates may have 
managed or co-managed public offering of securities for the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates may have 
received compensation for investment banking or merchant banking or brokerage services from the subject company in the past 12 
months. ESL or its associates may have received any compensation for products or services other than investment banking or merchant 
banking or brokerage services from the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates have not received any compensation 
or other benefits from the Subject Company or third party in connection with the research report. Research analyst or his/her relative or 
ESL’s associates may have financial interest in the subject company. ESL and/or its Group Companies, their Directors, affiliates and/or 
employees may have interests/ positions, financial or otherwise in the Securities/Currencies and other investment products mentioned in 
this report. ESL, its associates, research analyst and his/her relative may have other potential/material conflict of interest with respect to 
any recommendation and related information and opinions at the time of publication of research report or at the time of public 
appearance.  
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i) exchange rates can 
be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market factors, including world 
and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) 
currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. 
Investors in securities such as ADRs and Currency Derivatives, whose values are affected by the currency of an underlying security, 
effectively assume currency risk. 
Research analyst has served as an officer, director or employee of subject Company: No 
ESL has financial interest in the subject companies: No 
ESL’s Associates may have actual / beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the month 
immediately preceding the date of publication of research report. 
Research analyst or his/her relative has actual/beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the 
month immediately preceding the date of publication of research report: No 
ESL has actual/beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the month immediately preceding the 
date of publication of research report: No 
Subject company may have been client during twelve months preceding the date of distribution of the research report. 
There were no instances of non-compliance by ESL on any matter related to the capital markets, resulting in significant and material 
disciplinary action during the last three years except that ESL had submitted an offer of settlement with Securities and Exchange 
commission, USA (SEC) and the same has been accepted by SEC without admitting or denying the findings in relation to their charges of 
non registration as a broker dealer. 
A graph of daily closing prices of the securities is also available at www.nseindia.com 
Analyst Certification: 
The analyst for this report certifies that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect his or her personal views about the 
subject company or companies and its or their securities, and no part of his or her compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly 
related to specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.  
Additional Disclaimers 
Disclaimer for U.S. Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited, which is the employer of the research analyst(s) who has prepared the 
research report. The research analyst(s) preparing the research report is/are resident outside the United States (U.S.) and are not 
associated persons of any U.S. regulated broker-dealer and therefore the analyst(s) is/are not subject to supervision by a U.S. broker-
dealer, and is/are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of FINRA or required to otherwise comply with U.S. rules 
or regulations regarding, among other things, communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by 
a research analyst account. 
This report is intended for distribution by Edelweiss Securities Limited only to "Major Institutional Investors" as defined by Rule 15a-
6(b)(4) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act, 1934 (the Exchange Act) and interpretations thereof by U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) in reliance on Rule 15a 6(a)(2). If the recipient of this report is not a Major Institutional Investor as specified above, 
then it should not act upon this report and return the same to the sender. Further, this report may not be copied, duplicated and/or 
transmitted onward to any U.S. person, which is not the Major Institutional Investor. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Solar Industries India  
Q4FY16 Results May 17, 2016 | Conference Call 
 
Access the entire repository of Edelweiss Research on www.edelresearch.com 
In reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the Exchange Act and interpretations thereof by the SEC in 
order to conduct certain business with Major Institutional Investors, Edelweiss Securities Limited has entered into an agreement with a 
U.S. registered broker-dealer, Edelweiss Financial Services Inc. ("EFSI"). Transactions in securities discussed in this research report should 
be effected through Edelweiss Financial Services Inc. 
Disclaimer for U.K. Persons 
The contents of this research report have not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA").  
In the United Kingdom, this research report is being distributed only to and is directed only at (a) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); (b) 
persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (including high net worth companies and unincorporated associations); and (c) 
any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant 
persons”). 
This research report must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to 
which this research report relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who 
is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this research report or any of its contents. This research report must not be distributed, 
published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other person.  
Disclaimer for Canadian Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited ("ESL"), which is the employer of the research analysts who have 
prepared the research report.  The research analysts preparing the research report are resident outside the Canada and are not 
associated persons of any Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer and, therefore, the analysts are not subject to supervision by a 
Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer, and are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of the Ontario Securities 
Commission, other Canadian provincial securities regulators, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and are not 
required to otherwise comply with Canadian rules or regulations regarding, among other things, the research analysts' business or 
relationship with a subject company or trading of securities by a research analyst. 
This report is intended for distribution by ESL only to "Permitted Clients" (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 ("NI 31-103")) who 
are resident in the Province of Ontario, Canada (an "Ontario Permitted Client").  If the recipient of this report is not an Ontario Permitted 
Client, as specified above, then the recipient should not act upon this report and should return the report to the sender.  Further, this 
report may not be copied, duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any Canadian person. 
ESL is relying on an exemption from the adviser and/or dealer registration requirements under NI 31-103 available to certain 
international advisers and/or dealers.  Please be advised that (i) ESL is not registered in the Province of Ontario to trade in securities nor 
is it registered in the Province of Ontario to provide advice with respect to securities; (ii) ESL's head office or principal place of business is 
located in India; (iii) all or substantially all of ESL's assets may be situated outside of Canada; (iv) there may be difficulty enforcing legal 
rights against ESL because of the above; and (v) the name and address of the ESL's agent for service of process in the Province of Ontario 
is: Bamac Services Inc., 181 Bay Street, Suite 2100, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3 Canada. 
Disclaimer for Singapore Persons 
In Singapore, this report is being distributed by Edelweiss Investment Advisors Private Limited ("EIAPL") (Co. Reg. No. 201016306H) which 
is a holder of a capital markets services license and an exempt financial adviser in Singapore and (ii) solely to persons who qualify as 
"institutional investors" or "accredited investors" as defined in section 4A(1) of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
("the SFA"). Pursuant to regulations 33, 34, 35 and 36 of the Financial Advisers Regulations ("FAR"), sections 25, 27 and 36 of the 
Financial Advisers Act, Chapter 110 of Singapore shall not apply to EIAPL when providing any financial advisory services to an accredited 
investor (as defined in regulation 36 of the FAR. Persons in Singapore should contact EIAPL in respect of any matter arising from, or in 
connection with this publication/communication. This report is not suitable for private investors. 
Copyright 2009 Edelweiss Research (Edelweiss Securities Ltd). All rights reserved 
