Nila/Cs/2016/&,<' 
Date: June 10, 2016 
T 0, 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Toweres, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400001 
NILA 
INFRASTRUCTURES 
LIMITED 
To, 
'The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Compelx, 
Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 530377 
Scrip Symbol: NILAINFRA 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on June 06,2016 
It is submitted that Nila Infrastructures Ltd. had held a Conference Call on June 06, 2016 to provide 
the information about the financial performance and business of the Company for the quarter /year 
ended on March 31,2016. 
In this regard we are hereby, in terms of the Code of Practices for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information read with the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015, submitting transcript of the said conference call for the information of the 
exchange and doing needful. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For, Nila Infrastructures Ltd. 
Qjyd$ 
Dipen Y. P , 
Company Sec etary 
i' 
Encl: a/a 
Registered Office: 
1 st floor, Sambhaav House. 
Opp. Chief Justice's Bungalorl, 
Bodakdev, Ahmedabad 380015 
Tel.: +91 79 4003 681 7 1 18, 2687 0258 
Fax. +91 7930126371 
e-mail: info@nilainfra.com 
CIN : L45201GJ1990PLC013417 

 
 
 
 
“Nila Infrastructures Limited Q4 FY'16 and FY2016 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 06, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DEEP VADODARIA -- CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
MR. PRASHANT SARKHEDI - CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER 
MR. HIMANSHU BAVISHI – SR. VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE) 
MR. DIPEN PARIKH – COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Page 1 of 9 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
June 06, 2016 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and Welcome to the Q4 FY'16 Earnings Conference Call of 
Nila Infrastructures Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve 
risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Deep Vadodaria.  
Deep Vadodaria:  
Good Morning, Ladies and Gentlemen. I welcome you all for discussion of Q4 FY'2016 and 
FY'2016 Earnings Conference Call. Along with me I have Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi the CFO; Mr. 
Himanshu Bavishi Senior Vice President (Finance) and Strategic Growth Advisors,  our 
Investor Relations Advisors.  
 
For the benefit of the people attending the call for the first time I will give a brief introduction 
of the company. Nila Infrastructures Limited is a Gujarat based company with a core 
competence in civil construction. We focus on projects relating to civic urban infrastructure on 
EPCs and turnkey basis and PPP basis. We also undertake some private white label 
construction projects, industrial infrastructure project and develop our own real estate. We 
have positioned ourselves as a complete civic urban infrastructure player to execute turnkey 
projects. We are registered approved contractor in a “Special Category for Building Class” 
with Government of Gujarat which gives us an additional advantage of a very important 
prequalification criteria while tendering for the projects.  
We have secured meaningful EPC construction projects in the state of Gujarat and Rajasthan 
under the schemes of affordable housing and envisage that on the back of enhanced 
prequalification and bidding capacity it will grow in natural course of business.  
In line with our strategy to expand foot prints geographically we entered to the neighboring 
state of Rajasthan with a project of affordable housing in Jodhpur. We believe Rajasthan is a 
sun rise state having immense potential in civic urban infrastructure. Having tested and well 
understood the business dynamics we have signed an MoU with the Government of Rajasthan  
under the “Resurgent Rajasthan Partnership Summit – 2015” for development of civic urban 
infrastructure for about Rs. 4,000.0 million.  
We have recently entered into five different contracts aggregating Rs. 668.7 million with two 
urban improvement trust of Rajasthan i.e. Bhilwara and Udaipur for the construction of total 
2,044 affordable housing units on turnkey basis under the “Chief Minister's Jan Awas Yojana – 
 
Page 2 of 9 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
June 06, 2016 
 
2015”. We are putting up our bids for various other civic urban infrastructure projects planned 
by Government of Rajasthan and expect to receive meaningful projects which will strengthen 
our presence in Rajasthan.  
Apart from this, we continue to perform well in our home market which is Gujarat as a 
testimony of our robust experience in delivering affordable housing project. Recently, we were 
awarded a “Slum Rehabilitation and Redevelopment Project” by Ahmedabad Municipal 
Corporation on PPP basis. The company has already got possession of project site from AMC.  
Onsite operation has already commenced and billing will commence from H1 FY'2017. Such 
projects will improve our margins. The potential of “Slum Rehabilitation and Redevelopment 
Projects” in modern urban cities like Ahmedabad, Vadodara, etc. is tremendous. We are 
working on to build significant PPP based order book or such “Slum Rehabilitation and 
Redevelopment Projects” where the remuneration  is superior in from of TDRs and balance 
vacant land.  
I will now like to hand over the call to Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi, to give out the details on the 
financial performance of the Company. Prashant bhai, please if you can take over.  
Prashant Sarkhedi:  
Hello, Good Morning, all. Now, coming to the order book, the total confirmed unexecuted 
order book at 31st March, 2016 is Rs. 2,025.9 million. The composition of such order book is 
inline line with the company’s core competence as 90% is from affordable housing and 10% in 
other civic urban infrastructure project. We are convinced about the affordable housing sector 
moreso, as it is now getting a significant push from “Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana- Housing 
for All by 2022” scheme. That aims to construct more than 20 million houses across the length 
and breadth of the nation by 2022. The mission has an unenviable task of creating housing for 
the complete population of India within a fixed span of time.  
 
Currently we are executing about 8,100 affordable housing and we are already very favorably 
placed to seize the growth opportunities in the area of our core competency with the 
government’s focus. Our vision of consciously concentrating on the civic urban infrastructure 
project has started paying off with the robust growth during FY2016.  
I believe that you have had an opportunity to see our results and the presentation that we have 
circulated and uploaded on our website apart from respective websites of BSE and NSE. I 
would now present the result for the quarter ended March 31st, 2016.  
Our revenue increased by 86% to Rs. 694.4 million as compared to Rs. 374.3 million during 
the Q4-FY2015. Our EBIDTA for Q4-FY2016 has witnessed a growth of 12% from Rs. 68 
million to Rs. 76.3 million with an EBITDA margin of 11% in Q4-FY2016.  
 
Page 3 of 9 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
June 06, 2016 
 
The PAT has also seen a steady swelling of 17% to Rs. 58 million in Q4-FY2016 as compared 
to Rs. 49.3 million in Q4-FY2015. The PAT margin is 8.4%.  
Now, coming to our standalone results for FY'2016. Standalone revenue for FY2016 increased 
by 47% to Rs. 1,831.1 million from Rs. 1,243.7 million in FY'2015. FY'2016 standalone 
EBIDTA is Rs. 274  million, a growth of 21% over Rs. 227 million in FY'2015. The 
standalone EBITDA margin is 15%.  
Standalone PAT saw an improvement of 41% to Rs. 171 million in FY'2016 compared to Rs. 
121 million in FY'2015. The standalone PAT margin for FY'2016 is 8.6%.  
Now, coming to our consolidated results of FY2016. Consolidated revenue for FY2016 
increased by 47% to Rs. 1,831.3 million from Rs. 1,243.7 million in FY'2015. FY'2016 
Consolidated EBITDA is Rs. 268.9 million, a growth of 19% over Rs. 225.9 million in 
FY'2015. The consolidated EBITDA margin is 15%. Consolidated PAT saw an improvement 
of 17% to Rs. 140.2 million in FY'2016 compared to Rs. 112 million in FY'2015. The 
consolidated PAT margin for 2016 is 7.7%.  
Now, coming to the standalone balance sheet. As on March 31st, 2016 the standalone networth 
is Rs. 1,700 million and standalone gross debt is Rs. 1,549.4 million. The cash and bank 
balances on the standalone basis is Rs. 31.7 million as on March 31st, 2016. The net debt 
equity ratio is at comfortable level of 0.89x.  
Now coming to consolidated balance sheet. As on March 31st, 2016 the consolidated net worth 
is Rs. 1,657.5 million and Consolidated gross debt is Rs. 1,589.6 million. The cash and bank 
balance on consolidated basis is Rs. 32.6 million as on March 31st, 2016. The Net debt to 
equity is at comfortable level 0.94x. 
In the current year we have consolidated part of debt which is State Bank of India this 
consolidation has result in better term and rate of interest. It will also result in realization of the 
interest expenditure.  
With this, we now open the floor for Question-and-Answer. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin the Question-and-
Answer Session. First question is from the line of Ajay Singh, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.   
Ajay Singh:  
Sir, just wanted to know few things any guidance in terms of the project pipeline which you 
have in the future? 
 
Page 4 of 9 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
June 06, 2016 
 
  
Deep Vadodaria:  
Ajay, we cannot give out notional guidance for revenues that we are expecting for the year but 
the unexecuted order book as of 31st March is of Rs. 2,025.9 million and after which we have 
already got Rs. 668.6 million worth of contracts from Rajasthan Government so, may be it is 
right now at around Rs. 2,700 million and going forward yes, there are a lot of opportunities 
we are targeting in the home state of Gujarat and Rajasthan so we will be bagging a lot of 
orders in this current year but as far as notional value is concerned we will not be in a position 
to give a proper figure that you are looking at. But yes, we have got on the growth trajectory 
now, so you will see us give us consistent and sustainable growth that we have shown in the 
past.  
Ajay Singh:  
Okay. And sir, what is the current status of the SRA projects which we have and also are we 
planning to bid only in terms of Gujarat and Rajasthan for SRA projects?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
Right, firstly the SRA project that we are already working on; the status is that we have already 
vacated the land and we have given out the remuneration for one year for the slum dwellers to 
almost 95% of them and the construction will begin in next month. So that is well on track; 
well ahead of the schedule that we have planned. As far as SRA is concerned; yes, we are 
looking at Gujarat and Rajasthan because we are at the places where we have comfort of 
working. We will keep on looking at other states. It is not that we are not open to work in other 
states, but as-and-when the opportunity arises, we will definitely look at it. But, the focus right 
now remains is on Rajasthan and Gujarat.  
Ajay Singh:  
The final question from my end is like that the land parcels which we have any thought process 
of monetizing the same?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
It is too early for us to decide that. Right now we have just signed an MoU for sale of the TDR 
which is going to generate cash and which is going to be used for the execution of the project. 
As–and-when, if needed, we might look at monetizing the land or to consume it ourselves. We 
have not really taken a call and we do not need to probably take a call at this stage. As the 
project progresses we will take a call which will be in the best interest of the company.   
Ajay Singh:  
Sir, how much cash it would provide the TDR?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
TDR is going to be Rs. 213.7 million.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sahil Jain from RM Financial. Please go ahead.    
 
Page 5 of 9 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
June 06, 2016 
 
Sahil Jain:  
Just wanted to get a sense from you what are the capabilities and what areas can our company 
do projects in? I am just trying to understand the various segments of infrastructure that you all 
can execute projects?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
We can do it in civil urban infrastructure and housing. But, largely in building construction 
because that is where all our order book has been executed in the past and that is where we 
have the majority of the order book coming in. That is also because we have been specifically 
focused on affordable housing as a segment as we believe that it has a long running future 
while the funding pattern is very clear, where the government funds are not really deployed 
and working with the government as the specific UITs are only the facilitating agencies 
between the beneficiaries and the developer.  
Sahil Jain:  
Okay. In terms of what is the kind of revenue that the company can generate on the current 
asset base that you have?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
We work on a very asset light model. We believe in empowering the subcontractors that work 
with us. So majority of the assets are deployed as and when they are needed. So we are 
working on an asset-light model right now. So there is no real figure that is for me to give. 
This can be executed but right now we have ample asset to execute the order book that we 
have in hand or the unexecuted order book that you see. As-and-when more assets are needed 
we will be acquiring them.  
Sahil Jain:  
So what is the current order visibility that you all have the next one year to two years?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
See the unexecuted order-book stands at Rs. 202 crores after which we have already got about 
Rs. 66 crores, so we are at about Rs. 269 crores.  
Sahil Jain:  
You will execute it in how much time?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
It is difficult to generalize. But, usually all of these projects have timelines of 18 months to 24 
months. So, you can look at that time line for execution of all the unexecuted order book and 
this unexecuted order book also consist of projects which are at various stages. But when we 
talk about a project which is completely unexecuted then you can look at the timeline of about 
24 months for it to get completed.  
Sahil Jain:  
Okay. And what is the kind of incremental debt that you will require to execute this current 
order book?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
This current order book we do not see a very massive change in debt which is to be needed. 
We are in process of consolidating our debt. We have already consolidated a large chunk of 
debt with SBI and we will continue to trim the interest outflow for becoming more competitive 
 
Page 6 of 9 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
June 06, 2016 
 
for the bids and to reduce interest cost. So as of now, we do not see it rising drastically as far 
as this is concerned. But yes, as we execute new projects more working capital will be 
deployed.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ruja Gandhi from Kavya Investments. Ruja 
Gandhi, please go ahead. 
Ruja Gandhi:  
Just to take it forward from the previous question, you mentioned that your consolidated debt 
with SBI so, can you provide us some numbers in terms of benefit that we have incurred from 
it?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
Himanshu Bhai, would you like to take over on this one?  
Himanshu Bavishi:  
We have already got about Rs. 50 crores debt consolidated in the quarter four of this financial 
year and it is only the part of the year effect that we have already got. We have been able to 
save about 2% - 2.5% about 225 bps overall. However, this year we look forward to get the 
full year effect. So it would be substantial in that sense. Plus it also gives the kind of 
repayment schedule that has been drawn that gives cushion to our cash outflow towards the 
repayment obligation, so that would also add up.  
Ruja Gandhi:  
Okay, sir. And sir, follow-up on that working capital cycle you have mentioned that so how  
will it move in coming years as how do you see that going forward?  
Himanshu Bavishi:  
More or less it would move in the same direction what it has been moving because there has 
not been substantial change in the kind of orders that we are going to execute. Of course we 
would be executing EPC; and PPP-where we are focusing more, would start getting traction 
from probably H2 of this financial year or so. There would not be much relaxation on working 
capital front, it would remain more or less in line with what it is today.  
Ruja Gandhi:  
Okay, sir. Then what will be the maximum order book that we can execute without taking 
additional funding? 
Himanshu Bavishi:  
Just addressed. Deep Bhai, would you like to address it one more time for the benefit of ma’am 
? 
Deep Vadodaria:  
See, most of these orders are from the government so we do not mobilization advances that we 
get in usual work contract which are of private companies. So, there is more capital 
deployment when we bag more project so that is why we would need more capital and at the 
same point of time all these projects, that we are working on, are the government project EPC 
in nature that is what I am taking about, the profit margins are always at the end of the project. 
So the working capital is deployed. So based on the number of projects that we are going to 
 
Page 7 of 9 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
June 06, 2016 
 
keep on adding, the demand for working capital will gradually keep on increasing but it will be 
in line with the order book that we will execute and the new orders that we will receive. But it 
is very difficult for us to put it in absolute number term because each project has different 
phase, each project has different payment stages so it is possible that one of the project has 
more deployment of fund then the other project of the same nature but that needs a little less 
working capital.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pritesh Vora from Incedo. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Vora:  
What is our capability to execute the job in terms of revenue per year?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
I did not get that correctly sir, what is the peak of top-line that we can do?  
Pritesh Vora:  
Our enterprise value is close to Rs. 580 crores we are valued at 3.1x EV/revenue so, I just 
wanted to understand what is the inherent capacity to execute the job in a year’s time? 
Deep Vadodaria:  
We have shown over a period of time that whatever orders that we have bagged we are 
consuming the orders at a faster pace and all the projects are running on time. So all the new 
orders that we are adding on, are to be executed within the span of next 24 months and we are 
successfully able to do so over the period of time. But if you are talking about threshold top-
line that you are looking at with the current resources, then the resources we keep on adding 
as–and-when it is needed for the project. But I do not think there can be any absolute value 
terms defined to it that this is the number. When you talk about valuations, that is the market 
moment and is not connected to the company in certain way. But yes, if you look at quarter-
on-quarter results over a period of time, we have shown consistent and sustainable growth and 
that is what we will continue to show on the top-line as well asEBITDA and PAT. 
Pritesh Vora:  
Our current book is Rs. 240 crores, right unexecuted order book?  
Deep Vadodaria:  
As on 31st March, 2016 it is Rs. 202 crores but after which we have added Rs. 66 crores in 
May 2016.  
Pritesh Vora:  
And how do you recognize the revenue is projection completion or is on the millstone? 
Deep Vadodaria:  
We use AS7 method of accounting for computing completion of the project.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand 
over the floor back to management for their closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
 
 
Page 8 of 9 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
June 06, 2016 
 
 
 
 
Deep Vadodaria:  
We thank you again for joining us today. During the FY'2016 clearly we have charted into new 
projects within our core competency especially with affordable housing contract. We intend to 
continue to look for various opportunities to utilize our vast experience and execution 
capabilities build from civic urban infrastructure project like BRT stations, affordable housing 
project, multi-level car parking, etc., With the swelling of opportunities and an impetus for 
infrastructure development, FY'2017 looks very promising to us. We have taken a stance to 
grow with seizing all the meaningful opportunities. We look forward to talking to you again in 
next quarter. In the meanwhile, my colleagues and I as well as Strategic Growth Advisors, our 
Investor Relation Agency, will be happy to take any other question that you might have. Thank 
you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of Nila infrastructures Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines.  
 
Page 9 of 9 
