
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Peninsula Land Q4 FY-16 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV PIRAMAL – VICE CHAIRMAN & MD, 
PENINSULA LAND  
MR. DINESH JAIN – GROUP CFO, PENINSULA LAND 
MR. BHARAT SANGHAVI – CFO, PENINSULA LAND 
MR. SHARDUL DOSHI – HEAD, (GROUP TREASURY AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS), PENINSULA LAND 
ANALYST:  
MR. KUNAL LAKHAN- AXIS CAPITAL 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Good morning Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Peninsula Land Q4 FY16 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kunal Lakhan. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Good morning everyone thanks for taking time out this morning to attend this con call. We 
have from the management Mr. Rajeev Piramal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. 
Dinesh Jain – Group CFO, Mr. Bharat Sanghavi – CFO and Mr. Shardul Doshi – Head Group 
Treasury and Investor Relations. I would now like to invite them for their opening remarks, 
over to you gentlemen. 
Rajeev Piramal: 
Good morning thank you everyone for joining us on this call. This is Rajeev Piramal speaking. 
What we will do is we will follow the normal format. I will give you a brief kind of update on 
the operations and the business side and then I will ask Dinesh Jain who is our Group CFO to 
walk us through financials and we will open it up for questions. 
 
So, on the operations I think that the last quarter has been reasonably alright. I think certain 
projects are progressing well. We will break it up into two kind of broad buckets; one is on 
operational side in terms of work on site and progress in actual construction activity. I think 
that across the board, on all our projects I am happy to say that work is progressing quite well 
and we are seeing good progress on site in terms of construction. We by and large, on schedule 
as of now for almost all our projects and going forward this year we will see significant, it is 
very critical year actually coming forward for some of our projects as we are beginning to get 
out of the ground and infrastructural work and getting into actually the high rise part of the 
building. 
As far as sales is concerned in the last quarter, we sold around 50,000 square feet across our 
projects. The main sale was in our Byculla project in New Great Eastern Mills and in these 
terminals for 21,000 square feet which I think is on a soft launch as per our targets, so 
cumulatively in the last year we did about 256,000 square feet of sales and 130 units across our 
projects. A total value of these sales was about Rs. 700 crores odd for the last year. Total sales 
in the company level because we did one sale at the Peninsula Business Park project as well 
was around Rs. 714 crores last year. 
So it was significant, the overall performance of the company vis-à-vis your last year in terms 
of our sales we did Rs. 714 crores of bookings in this year as against Rs. 810 crores last year. 
We have collected about Rs. 444 crores this year against Rs. 324 crores last year.  
If you would have look at in batch 3 operations I think that we are going to see encouraging 
signs on number of our projects. Our Byculla project has been the very successful kind of soft 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
launch for us in that project which is a total area of about 7,76,000 square feet. We have 
already sold 160,000 square feet till date, all on soft launch. We will do the full launch of this 
project post the monsoon as things stand right now. Work on that site has already started, we 
have demolished the existing structures, we have handed over some areas to The BMC and 
MHADA which we need to do and we are in the process of getting RCC and till then some 
other infrastructural work has already started on site. 
In Celestia Spaces in Sewri while sales in the last quarter has been a little slow, we have 
supported that project significantly on the marketing and sales front and we have had a lot of 
walk-ins without interest, conversions are still to happen but I think that this project you know 
last year had a significant stoppage until almost October, November of last year but work has 
re-started in these last 4 months, the progress has been very encouraging on site. So we are 
confident that as progress on the site continues and besides we have resolved any issues we had 
with the land owners with regards to sale, etc. I expect that project to start showing some sales 
over the next few months. 
Our Carmichael Residences project in South Bombay is progressing actually very well. We 
have strong sales pipeline over there. We have a total of only 28 units to sell in that project, of 
which we should conclude transactions in the next quarter or so for up to almost 16 units, so I 
think that that is a very encouraging progress we made on that projects. 
As far as that project is concerned, we are in a position to maybe increase prices or dispose 
sales for some time because we have got a lot of pre-sales right now. In fact, just yesterday we 
received all our RCC for the project up to the top of the buildings, so that is a very positive sign 
as well. So I think operationally that project is on track and progressing well. 
Bishops Gate continues to progress well, we have sold out that project as of now and I think we 
are on track to deliver that project by Q4 17. So that is on Bishops Gate. 
I talked about Byculla. Ashok Meadows, Hinjewadi project in Pune, we have completed the 
first phase, and we in fact this evening had an event for all our flat buyers and we would start 
the handover of the project very soon. The project is completed and the handover process will 
start right now. We do have some unsold inventory are there which we will sell over the next 
few months. Peninsula Heights in Bangalore is also, the project is progressing and it is doing 
reasonably well right now. We have had to make some design changes on another building due 
to some regulatory issues but has been resolved and that is in the work. 
As far as sales is concerned in that project, it is a 620,000 square feet project, our total sales till 
date on that project; we sold about 40,000 square feet last year and our total sales till date is 
126,000 square feet in that project. So again sales wise the project has progressed well last 
year. These are larger apartments but are able to find good traction budget impact in this first 
quarter we will see some more of significant sales happening for the sales pipeline is looking 
quite strong in a four lag project. 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
Our 3 mono projects – Ashok Astoria, Nirvaan and Beleza will all reach the respective phase 
are under construction right now will be completed in this year, we do have some unsold 
inventory which we look to liquidate now over 2 period time. So I think overall, if I was to 
summarize operationally I think that we have seen a slight improvement in terms of our sales, 
velocity and we are seeing reasonable traction going forward. I think in this financial year key 
projects for us will be New Great Eastern in Byculla, Celestia Spaces and Carmichael 
residences will be and Peninsula Heights in Bangalore; our 4 major projects that will drive out 
going this year. So that is on the operations part we have been talking about land monetization 
as well for some time, we are pursuing a number of different transactions right now. As we 
mentioned last time that we were in very advanced stages of discussion as actually we are 
almost in Term Sheet stage on one parcels  but unfortunately as far as our large Mamurdi, 
Gahunje partial is concerned, it has slowed down on the land sales front. But we are in 
discussions with a couple of parties and we hope that in this financial year we should be able to 
complete the couple of those land monetization transaction. So that is the brief summary and I 
will hand over now to Dinesh to talk us to the financials and we will take up the questions. 
Thank you. 
Dinesh Jain: 
Good morning. The income for operations for the year ended stood at Rs. 110 crores and there 
is a loss of Rs. 30 crores due to non-recognition of revenues for some of the projects mainly 
Celestia Spaces I would say. 
On the consolidated level the income from operations stood at Rs. 311 crores, primarily that 
comprises the consolidation of revenue from Bishops Gate project which has reached the 
critical stage and as you can see the loss at the consol and standalone level is more or less 
similar number of about Rs. 31 crores. I am on slide 10, debt profile, the overall debt levels as 
we discussed in the past over the last quarters, we have maintained the gross level of debt, 
slight increase is there because of in terms of the slow sales of Celestia Spaces which has 
delude the cash flows but gross level the debt has been maintained and debt equity ratio is 
around 1.2 as we speak which is not at our comfortable level, we would like to bring it down 
as Rajeev mentioned from the 9 transactions which are being contemplated or which are under 
discussion are taking a little longer than what we thought but once one of those is 
consummated, I expect this to come down below definitely 1.  
Rajeev Piramal: 
So, the target will be on the debt equity is to bring that down below 1, like I said we are 
working on four different land transactions at this point in time. We are very that we should be 
able to conclude a few of those in the next few months. Thank you. I open up for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the question and answer session. We 
will take the first question from the line of Ritvik Seth from Span Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ritvik Seth: 
Good Morning sir, I had a couple of questions. Sir, firstly if you can share what is the revenue 
that we recognized from the Bishops Gate project in this quarter? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
For the year Rs. 200 crores. 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Ritvik Seth: 
Rs. 200 crores and that all will be in Q4 only, right?  
Rajeev Piramal: 
Yes. 
Ritvik Seth: 
And that is our share, so overall Rs. 400 crores and another Rs. 200 crores will come in the 
next may be couple of quarter, right is that understanding right? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
That is correct. 
Ritvik Seth: 
And as I see Carmichael residences has already crossed 25%, so did we recognize any revenue 
in Q4 or did we recognize in Q1?   
Bharat Sanghvi: 
Because of some technical reason on the sale it was under execution as on 31st of March, so 
sales is less than 25%, so both the criteria needs to be meet as you know, sales as well as 
construction milestones. Acute construction milestone but documents were executed for the 6 
apartments, which is 21% and balance is during this quarter and out of which most of has 
happened in the month of April so remaining this quarter.  
Ritvik Seth: 
So it will come in Q1, 25% of the value. And sir what kind of sales are we like, you mentioned 
16 units so what kind of revenue are we expecting from Carmichael in FY17? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I think with you it is something that we still need to kind of, see frankly due to transaction that 
we have under discussion we are able to, we have a deal in place we are just finalizing the 
documentation. Once those get done for us frankly in this coming year we may already be 
hitting our proposed target for the year. So I think that once we hit 16 units where the sales 
transaction is completed, then you can assume that the recognition of that revenue would 
happen in this coming year and then further sales we will decide in terms of additional sales 
what we want to do and when we want to do those. 
Ritvik Seth: 
So, we can expect around 40-50% in FY17, right? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
40-50% of the revenue recognition mostly. 
Ritvik Seth: 
About Bangalore Heights, we have hit already 20%, so we should be seeing revenue 
recognition from that project as well, right? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I think by Q2 you should definitely see that. 
Ritvik Seth: 
And sir thirdly on the other three projects Nashik, Goa and Lonavala if you can throw some 
colors what is the construction status and how are the sales going on? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I think if I can just take a step back on those as far as those projects are concerned. Slide 
number 15. Actually in the last year those two projects we did about 33,000 square feet in 
sales. As per the movement in Ashok Nirvaan we are just looking to, so I will just go through 
one by one Ashok Astoria, the project is virtually completed, we are just in the last stages of 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
completion of the clubhouse and certain common areas, etc. So, I think by Q2 of this year you 
will see that project to come towards completion. As far as Ashok Beleza is concerned it is 
similar kind of situation by Q2, Q3 you will see us complete the first phase of that project as 
well and Ashok Nirvaan I think we will see 26 villas, so the first 26 villas that we built over 
there you will see 100% completion of those happen by Q2 of this year. As far as sales is 
concerned in Ashok Astoria between these 3 projects if I can repeat just give me a second, we 
have a total unsold inventory in terms of area of roughly 2.5 lakhs square feet in Astoria of 
unsold inventory. In Nirvaan we have only two villas unsold because the first phase was totally 
of 42 villas but due to slow sales we are only completing 27 villas right now, of those only two 
are unsold. As far as Beleza is concerned we have unsold inventory there of 190,000 square 
feet, so I think that between we have a total unsold inventory if we put a value it would 
roughly around Rs. 250 odd crores between these. Target for us really is to see and find a 
strategic way in which we can liquidate this inventory because we have stock there for ready 
possession, obviously these are a little bit slow because of market but we are doing a lot of 
promotion and marketing activity locally in Nashik in particular and in Goa to get some 
traction for these projects. So, I think that we will have a better idea maybe going in 2Q, let us 
see what happens for these projects and then we will have a better idea in terms of what 
velocity we are able to gain on the unsold inventory, we have projects at least completed, I 
think that is a positive step and now the challenge for us is to now try to liquidate this around 
Rs. 250 odd crores worth of inventory that we have across these projects. 
Ritvik Seth: 
So FY17 we will be able to complete most of these 3 projects and then we will have Rs. 250 
crores inventory roughly?  
Rajeev Piramal: 
That is right. If I may just interrupt, I think that just to add in all these projects we still have, 
while we have unsold inventory right now, we also have balanced FSI that is to be consumed 
at a future date so there is a possibility for a Phase 2 in Beleza, in Nirvaan and in Astoria but 
the perhaps our first challenge would be to try to liquidate some of this inventory and then we 
can look at planning for sales to across these projects. So there are 2 things still left in these 
projects; unsold inventory and future development. Both those will happen in future. 
Ritvik Seth: 
Going on to the Mamurdi Land Parcel what kind of amount we are looking at; if I understand 
right that we had bid around Rs. 200 crores for that land parcel. What kind of amount are we 
looking at approximately? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I think as far as these land parcels are concerned the going rate in that area today is anywhere 
between Rs. 950 to Rs. 1100/1200 a square foot. So that gives you at 1200 it becomes almost 
Rs. 4.8 crores to Rs. 5 crores an acre. So that is the range in which that transactions can be 
struck if possible. That is the range if that kind of discussing and negotiating, so we will see 
how that progresses. I think that we have to strike the right balance between being able to do a 
transaction and getting a buyer who was able to afford a transaction of this size. So we are 
(Inaudible) 19:42 that range only; between I would say Rs. 900 per square foot to around Rs. 
1100 a square foot roughly I would say, Rs. 900, Rs. 950. 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Ritvik Seth: 
Around Rs. 1000. 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I am giving you a range let us see where we end up between within that range. 
Ritvik Seth: 
One last question on Celestia Spaces, if I look that we have done a transaction at around Rs. 
21,000 per square feet and if I see your average cumulative realization, it is something around 
Rs. 23,500 and for FY16 it is Rs. 25,500. So have we reduced price or if you can throw some 
light on that?  
Rajeev Piramal: 
No, it is also function of where this sell happens in the building or it depends on what payment 
schedule you are giving people. So it is a function of different…. but we have not reduced 
prices. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi. Please go 
ahead. 
Prem Khurana: 
My question was with respect to our full year financials, I mean consolidate numbers with 
turnaround Rs. 311 crores odd of top line and a large part of this top line seems to have come 
from Bishops Gate despite it is there is no improvement rather. There appears to be some kind 
of deterioration in our margins, I mean what we have done is almost Rs. 12 crores or Rs. 13 
crores odd of EBITDA only excluding other income. And given the fact that the large part of 
your number has come from Bishops Gate which happens to be a very higher value project, 
why would we get to have these kind of margins?  
Dinesh Jain: 
I mean Bishops Gate, we need to see the sales which got booked but the sales which were sold 
earlier, the portion of the project which was sold earlier, the reason you are saying that in terms 
of the matching those sales have booked but some of the high value sales will now as we go 
forward will get through the proportion of, high value sales will now increase and you will see 
the change in the reported numbers and the margins.  
Prem Khurana: 
But if I would look at the TOC, we do is I mean we would look at the average till date right 
and not the sales made earlier, so you would have booked 77% of the entire sales that we have 
done till this date so cost should have been apportioned accordingly only and it is not that you 
would have booked only from the units that you would have sold at the earlier stage and you 
would not have booked numbers from the sales that you would have made in this year. So 
average is around Rs. 73,000 a square feet for us. Now if I were to 10% kind of margin which 
in fact means my cost is around Rs. 60,000-odd a square feet, is my understanding correct or 
am I missing something here? 
Dinesh Jain: 
I will tell you; some of the sales which were done earlier and some of the sales which are now 
contemplating the margins are completely different. Yes, in terms of the overall margin what 
we will make on Bishops Gate is not going to be on the lines of very high, margins would 
improve from here once we consummate those sales which are going to be a substantial higher 
price compared to what we have done. 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Prem Khurana: 
And how at Carmichael, what kind of margins we are looking at from Carmichael, would these 
be an excess 25% to 30% or could you give us sense on margins of Carmichael Road? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I think in Carmichael Road if you see, while we paid a higher value obviously for the land 
upfront, there is a significant delay on that project on account of that PIL that has been filed, 
not regarding our project but it has been done (Inaudible) 23.40 the discretionary power of the 
Municipal Commissioner in proposed old heritage areas so due to that we suffered a delay of 
almost 12 to 18 months in the project and unfortunate because of that delay that has eaten up 
into significant in one of the profit margins that we had. And Carmichael Road what we have 
to do upfront is we had a couple of large upfront statutory cost that we had to bear; one was in 
terms of tenant settlement, other in other statutory cost to MHADA. So we have had two issues 
here; one is the delay on account of PIL plus a front-loading of certain statutory costs, so I 
think that has eroded the margin over there to some extent, however, we are confident we are 
seeing some traction right now let us see. We still have 13 units left to sell, which we hope we 
can get some price increase over to what we are doing right now. So, nonetheless, as things 
stand right now, while obviously we always look to improve our margins as the project goes. 
As things right now we are looking a margin of about 10-12% right now due to these reasons 
that I mentioned earlier. 
Prem Khurana: 
And in the opening remarks we spoke about some land monetization transactions that you are 
working on, you seem to be working on some 4 transactions, so one is Mamurdi, which other 3 
would be these be? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I think until unfortunately I mean when we said that last time until anything is signed it is little 
sensitive for me right now to share this information but I think that you all are all familiar with 
our land banks and I think this we will just be able to share with you as these transactions go 
through, it is confidential. 
 Prem Khurana: 
Would you be able to share some thoughts on new launches that you plan for this year. I mean 
apart from the incremental phases that you will yet to have some of these existing projects and 
are we planning to launch any new projects in any new geographies or anything? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
No, I think as far as we are concerned now our priority is really two-fold. One is that obviously 
on existing portfolio to move those towards completion and the second thing is to look at the 
land divestment and exit on the land parcels and bring our debt to a more manageable level. As 
far as new opportunities are concerned, yes we always are looking for opportunities but 
nonetheless, these are our priorities and we want to address these issues first before we look 
too much towards new launches at the moment. 
Prem Khurana: 
So, where do we see growth to come from? As far as the bookings are concerned we could do 
almost Rs. 700-odd crores of bookings in this year and now if you were to launch any new 
project, what will happen as you would get to have the kind of number that you are getting 
form these projects, I mean there the numbers would have already stabilized, except for that 
Byculla project, right? So where would we be able to get growth from in terms of bookings? 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I think that the growth will come two areas – One is in additional sales of significant inventory, 
more than what we have done last year. Second will be on the execution, as we are able to 
move the projects forward we were able to recognize, higher revenue we will see the growth in 
the cash will come from there.  
Prem Khurana: 
Also if you could share your thoughts on the Rs. 380 crores odd is of current maturities that 
exists, would we be able to meet there or we would have to go to banks and kind of seek some 
kind of extension? 
Dinesh Jain: 
No we should be. I think, as you see over the last year also, sales have been slow but we have 
been able to repay most of the debts, we do not see much of an issue in re-financing these 
debts. And as Rajeev mentioned monetization something of that too happened anyway it will 
give a fairly significant cash flow to us really. 
Prem Khurana: 
And also, would it be possible for you to share the number in terms of quasi equity debt is 
there in the form of debt because of debt that is there in the presentation is net of cost of 
equity, I mean if I will include cost of equity how much would that number be? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
About Rs. 300 crores. I think our first challenge is to return to profitability I think and that is 
really the first target to return into profitability and then your top line growth will come over a 
period of time but I think first this year we want to first move towards the profitability. I think 
that will be our priority there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My question is pertaining to the Celestia Spaces project; now we have re-started the 
construction over there but what is our sales strategy over there and firstly like are we facing 
competition from say our Byculla project which may be like cannibalizing the sales over there 
because see these projects are 2 kilometers apart but in terms of realization there is not much 
of difference like 15%, 20% higher plus even if you look at your Byculla project the location is 
also a tad better, also there is lot of supply from competition as well in an around Byculla, so 
are we seeing some pressure in terms of sales? 
Rajeev Piramal: 
I disagree with you on a couple of points – I think one is that right now what we are seeing is 
there has been actually very little cannibalization at all between the 2 projects. We have been 
kind of offered this project almost like a package to customers to walk in but the clear 
preference so far has been towards the Byculla project, although the Celestia project, yes, we 
had work stopped last year but it is further down on the road in terms of development and 
construction. And I think that the 20% price gap is quite significant. I would not say that it is a 
small gap given where the projects are related to each other. In fact, it is almost 20% to 25% so 
I think that there is no cannibalization happening that is one. I think the second thing that as far 
as competition is concerned, I feel that impact the Celestia Spaces which is the project that 
faces more competition in and around the area and especially from projects like maybe 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Crescent Bay and Lodha and Azuro I think it is but in fact Celestia is the project that faces a 
further competition. As far as Byculla is concerned, we are clearly in that area, in that micro 
market we have the premium project which is the fastest selling project also in that area and is 
doing quite well relative to competition. So I think that the 2 projects are quite separate. I think 
that in Celestia if I may say so, the issues have been more to do with operational issue so for 
instance last year because we did not have work on site for almost 6 to 8 months that was a big 
problem. I think we also had issues in terms of how the project was being sold, we have land 
owners who have area share as you all know between ourselves and the land owners and we 
had situation where the land owners were out in the market selling separately and at a lower 
price from us which caused a lot of problem of which as you can imagine within the project, 
however, we have been able to address on the issues today we are selling the project jointly. 
We are seeing that there is still for us, we need to show two things – first we need to show 
significant progress as far as the site is concerned because today market that delivery 
uncertainty; that that risk is considered as a major risk for all buyers and significant 
discounting of a project happens, that is the situation that is one and the second thing is that 
customer needs to understand that there is only one single price point and one single pricing 
location for this project as well, this is also the case where they feel that they could get a 
discount from one of the entities selling a project. It always makes it harder to sell, so I think it 
has just taken us sometime we will really re-launched this project in full force in maybe 
January of this year since that time when we did the re-launch we had more than (+120) walk 
ins happened but the conversion as you can see from the sales has been slow and has been low 
and I think it is just a question of reviving the confidence of people. I also think that in this 
project while I obviously personally believe it is the best project in the area in terms of if you 
look at the sizing of the apartments, if you look at the density of the development itself 
compare to competition in terms of the amount of open space that there is, the amount of the 
number of apartments there are per acre, etc., I think that those ratios are very much in our 
favor as far as the project is concerned but I think right now what is happening to some extent 
is that there is a little bit of commoditization in this area because of the amount of supply out 
there and these other factors which are actually in our opinion very important factors and will 
tell in the medium-to long-term today are being ignored to some extent where decisions are 
being driven primarily by price. So, I think that we have to be a little patient in this project and 
in the meanwhile we will continue to obviously engage into market this project reasonably 
aggressively but that needs to be coupled with execution on site. I am happy to say that as of 
right now from the time work has restarted to now we are bang on schedule and we are very 
confident that as we come out of the podiums and into the typical flaws which is the key 
element to ensure that the timely completion of the project happens, I am very confident that 
we will be able to show that kind of a delivery. So, I think this year is a very important year I 
would say execution wise it is a critical year for two of our projects, I would say that it is a 
very critical year for Celestia Spaces that it is a very critical year for Carmichael Residences 
because both these projects are out of the ground now, the parking levels are being completed 
and we are now getting into the typical slab, so it is 50 stories each obviously for Celestial. 
Carmichael Residences are little less challenging, it is only 14 livable floors over there but, 
nonetheless, we need to see structural progress in both these projects this year and I think that 
will also bring people back in and it will generate confidence in these projects. Carmichael of 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
course we have done the sale so there is a different reason why we need to show progress 
because obviously to give the existing sales that we have to give them confidence because 
these are high value transaction, high profile individuals and in Celestia, we really need to 
show progress to bring customers who are maybe sitting on the fence, who have visited the 
site, so like I said we have more than (+120) walk-ins, so we have lot of people visited the site, 
lot of people are interested in the project but they are just kind of waiting to see that progress 
happens, so if we are able to demonstrate that, I am very confident that we will sales starting to 
pick-up in that project. In addition to that as far as Celestia is concerned, we will also explore 
the option of doing maybe a bulk sale transaction. We will see if the requirement is there to 
kind of to see some movement of inventory in that project we will take that call if we require 
to do that for which we are exploring an option. So, I think Celestia is a key project for us 
giving us the adequate attention and support that they require. Let us see what happens in the 
next few quarters in that project. 
Dinesh Jain: 
I think one question Kunal you had is that the price differential between the NG and Celestia, 
if we speak today, so similar comparable projects you say Ashok Towers and a similar 
comparable project in that is Gardens but still the differential between these two, a similar 
differential in percentages even exist today. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure, my second question was on your collections front – you have one of the best quarters in 
terms of collections but your cash balance went down in this quarter, just wanted to 
understand, have we made any approval related payments or have we upped our construction 
run rate in this quarter, what happened here?  
Dinesh Jain: 
Construction run rate I would say Celestia specifically as some of the other projects as well, so 
there is a traction as gained and that is the reason the cash got consumed there.   
Kunal Lakhan: 
But this would be a one-off or we would plan to maintain this kind of run rate quarter after 
quarter? 
Dinesh Jain: 
I think definitely the hope and the intention and the ability, I think Rajeev said he is there is to 
do it really we need to see how the market really goes but I think we are quite confident 
compared to what probably couple of quarters it was situation, it does improve, certainly.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would now like to had the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. 
Rajeev Piramal: 
Once again I would just like to thank everyone who has taken the time to listen to what we 
have to say and ask relevant and pertinent question. I think I would like to sum up to say that 
we have over the few quarter been really preaching a similar thing really preaching similar 
thing, focus on execution and pick-up in sales. We are beginning to see that happens in specific 
project, obviously we feel that there are certain projects that can do better which we have 
discussed at length but I think in this coming year, we have three kind of main focuses –  one 
is to obviously look at ramping up our sales further in our existing projects. Number 2, is to 

 
Peninsula Land 
May 13, 2016 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
bring those projects further towards execution and completion so we can start seeing that hit 
our P&L and third is of course in the land optimization and land rationalization strategy. I 
think that in all three areas we feel confident, we should be able to deliver a better performance 
than the last year and I feel confident that going into this year we would see a turnaround in the 
financials of the company and a significant improvement in the financials of the company. So, 
with that I would like to say thank you once again and we will speak again at the end of 1st 
quarter of this new financial year. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Axis Capital 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
