
 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 1 of 19 
 
India, May 12, 2016 
 
Analyst / Investor Conference Call  
 
Fourth Quarter FY 2015-16 
 
Sonal Gupta: 
Good morning everyone. On behalf of UBS Securities I welcome you all to the 
post result conference call of Apollo Tyres. We have with us the senior 
management team from Apollo Tyres headed by Mr. Gaurav Kumar, Chief 
Financial Officer. I will now request Gaurav to begin with the opening 
comments post which we will have the Q&A session. 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Good morning everyone and thanks for joining on the call. We will begin with 
opening remarks and then we would be happy to take your questions.  
 
On a consolidated basis, sales for the quarter were Rs. 29.7 billion, a degrowth 
of 5% over the same period last year, this was essentially caused by both 
volume losses particularly in Europe and price declines that have been 
undertaken across geographies by the industry. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 
4.8 billion at 16.1% as compared to 16.5% for the same period last year. 
 
Raw materials cost continued to fall and was down by 5% sequentially in the 
current quarter. In terms of revenue segmentation, around three quarters of 
the revenue was generated from the replacement market and one fourth from 
the OE market. There was no significant change in product category wise 
segmentation, with truck contributing 48%, car at 34% and the balance being 
made up by light truck, farm and other categories. 
 
For the full year, sales were Rs. 117.1 billion, a degrowth of 8% over the same 
period last year. While Euro devaluation fairly contributed to this growth, a 
large chunk of it is due to exclusion of South African operations. As you would 
remember that we sold off more than half the business and had shut down 
the rest. These factors accounted for a decline of Rs. 6 billion out of the yearly 
decline of Rs. 10 billion with the balance being a mix of volume and price. 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 2 of 19 
 
 
The EBITDA for the year was Rs. 19.7 billion at 16.8% compared to a 15.2% 
margin for the same period last year. Gross debt at the end of the quarter was 
Rs. 14.6 billion compared to Rs. 11.5 billion in the previous quarter. This has 
gone up as we have started borrowing for expansion. 
 
In terms of an outlook on the raw material front, we have seen the prices go 
up and we expect the first quarter raw material basket to be up by 3% to 4%. 
This would see a further increase in Q2, which would lead to certain amount 
of pricing pressure and it is possibly going to see the stoppage of any further 
price reductions. 
 
Moving to Indian operations, sales for the quarter were Rs. 21.3 billion, a 
degrowth of 5% over the same period last year. This was essentially the 
impact of price and mix though in volume terms we had positive growth. The 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 3.8 billion at 17.6% compared to  16.8% margin 
for the same period last year. We continue to see margin improvement on the 
back of raw material prices. For full year, sales were Rs. 86.2 billion, a 
degrowth of 3% over the last year. Again while the volumes were up on the 
full year basis the price reductions led to overall topline being lower. 
 
EBITDA for full year was Rs. 15.6 billion at 18.1% compared to a 14.8% margin 
for the same period last year. We ended the quarter with a net debt of Rs. 2.8 
billion, marginally up as compared to Rs.2.5 billion at the end of previous 
quarter. In terms of revenue segmentation, the truck segment continues to 
contribute around 65% to our revenue, car tyres at 17%, and the balance 
being equally split between light truck and farm.  
 
Throughout this year, and more so in the last couple of quarters, the pricing 
pressure continued including the pressure on the truck and bus segment from 
the Chinese imports. However we are happy to note that the government has 
heard the application of the tyre industry and the investigation into potential 
dumping was initiated in the first week of May-16. We would look forward to 
an action on this soon. Another development through the year was the launch 
of two-wheeler tyres in March that has seen a good response. It would give up 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 3 of 19 
 
some much-needed boost in terms of having the full range of tyres for the 
Indian market. We have also had certain good break-ins in the OE segment at 
the premium end. 
 
We have recently won an award with Toyota and this would provide a boost 
to the PCR segment going into the next year. In terms of demand outlook, we 
head into the New Year with a positive outlook as the demand is looking good. 
We are looking at good volume growth in the coming quarter and the volumes 
are up even for the truck bias segment in the OEM space. Farm segment 
particularly is showing very bullish signs. With the expansions at Chennai and 
some of the other plants we would see the debt levels slowly increasing in our 
India operations. 
 
Moving onto European operations, which have disappointed vis-à-vis the 
previous results and our own internal benchmark. Sales for the quarter were 
Rs.7.4 billion, a degrowth of 17% over same period last year, all of it 
essentially coming through volumes. We have had teething troubles with the 
SAP introduction which went live at the beginning of January. This resulted 
into lower sales which led to margin decline given the share of fixed cost in 
Europe. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 0.8 billion at  11.1% compared to 
14.7% margin for the same period last year.  
 
For the full year, sales were Rs. 30.6 billion, a degrowth of 15% over the same 
period last year with both volume and currency contributing 10% and 5% 
respectively towards degrowth. EBITDA for the year was Rs. 3.9 billion at 
12.8% compared to 17.0% margin for the same period last year. Due to the 
issues discussed above, we had a 4% margin decline this year. The situation 
relating to SAP teething troubles is being resolved and we are looking forward 
to have this behind us by the end of this quarter. In the current quarter we are 
beginning the see the operations as per plan and have seen continuous 
improvement in the situation from January onwards. The work with OEMs 
continues as we prepare for Hungary operations and for the larger European 
operations, which would then provide a further boost ahead of the 
commercial operations at Hungary plant. In the last couple of months we have 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 4 of 19 
 
had some very good test results in Europe. Some of our products coming out 
of R&D have been declared winning products and are generating good 
response. 
 
The European market as a whole continues to grow, in both OEM and 
replacement markets. As we see some of the internal issues getting resolved, 
we would look to regain some of the lost account in the current financial year. 
The Hungary plant continues to be on track for the start of commercial 
operations in early 2017 and with that, our borrowings in the European 
operations would also go up through the year. 
 
We also had Reifencom operations with us for the first quarter, which 
performed in line with their last year figures even though the sales prices were 
lower. The Reifencom operations had revenue of Euro 23 million, which are 
reported together with the European operation results. On a year on year 
comparison the revenues were flat as the lost sales were made up by the 
revenues from Reifencom which were reported in the European operations.  
We had a continuous improvement in the capacity utilization across plants. In 
India for the full year we ended up in the high 70s and in Europe at about 90%.  
That is all from our side, we would be happy to take your questions. 
Jay Kale: 
Elara Capital 
My question is regarding Europe EBIT margins. Could you throw some light on 
the reason for its volatility in last few quarters and going ahead what kind of 
revenue or volume growth one could expect in Europe?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We do not give out margin guidance; however we expect substantial growth in 
the European operations this year. Given that the numbers last year were 
lower than what would have been the usual case, we would look to a double 
digit revenue growth in the current financial year and also get back to more 
normalized margins. I would not give out a specific number, but we would 
look at significant margin improvement for this current financial year in our 
European operation. 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 5 of 19 
 
Jay Kale: 
Could you throw some light on the pricing discipline in the European and  
Indian markets? Any pricing action taken in the domestic market in this 
quarter? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
In the Indian market some of the peers took price reduction in the middle of 
the quarter or early in the quarter. Given how raw material has been 
behaving, we did not follow suite in most of the products. Raw material costs 
are going up and are expected to go further up in the next quarter. As of now 
we are not looking at any price reduction. In last couple of months, there has 
been no pricing action, given that raw materials have moved up slightly. 
Jay Kale: 
What would be the volume growth outlook for the domestic segment and 
what has been the radial growth in this quarter? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
In this quarter our radial growth has been more or less flat because we were 
operating at 100% capacity for both the previous quarters and hence we really 
could not sell anything more. Going forward, as our expanded capacity starts 
coming on stream from the last quarter of this calendar year, we would look 
to grow our truck radial sales. Overall in terms of volumes we would look at 
double-digit growth this year in the domestic market. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Antique Finance 
On a standalone basis, if I compare your September quarter balance sheet, 
your loans and advances have increased significantly. On a consolidated basis, 
your debtor and inventory days have deteriorated sharply and also your 
payables have increased sharply. Could you throw some light on these working 
capital changes? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Increase in inventory is essentially a result of Europe and is again related to 
the SAP teething troubles. While it did not impact production as it impacted 
sales, the finished goods inventory has gone up in Europe. On the loans and 
advances, it is essentially on account of advance paid for the capex both at 
Chennai and Hungary. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
What has been the volume growth and pricing led growth for the year for 
standalone operations? 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 6 of 19 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
For standalone operations, volumes were up 3% for the full year and the price 
and mix action was a negative 6% resulting in net 3% decline in overall topline. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And same thing for the quarter? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
For the quarter, volumes were up 5% and the price and mix action is a decline 
of 10%. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
What is the landed cost of various commodities for the quarter? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The average price for natural rubber was around Rs. 115/kg, synthetic rubber 
Rs 100/ kg, fabric Rs. 240/kg, steels cord Rs. 110/kg and carbon black Rs 55/ 
kg. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
As other peers have been highlighting that the raw material basket have 
increased closer to 5% to 6% over last few months, what is your outlook on 
the gross margins in coming quarters? Because in this quarter, if you see the 
gross margins have looked pretty strong, but on the other side, your other 
expenses have also increased substantially. Therefore on a margin basis it 
remains neutral. How to look at it? Whether the rising discounts are 
accounted in other expenses or is it the sheer after effect of higher expense 
on branding? How to look at the gross margins down the line? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Margins would come under certain pressure. We have probably hit the peak in 
terms of margins in India in the last year and with raw materials going up 
including some of the pricing action taken by the industry in the last year, 
margins will start coming down. The significant change in other expenses that 
you mentioned was on account of spending on two wheeler launch and some 
of the TV advertisements that were there in the last quarter. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Can one expect them to at least sustain in this kind of demand environment 
unless until anti-dumping duty comes in? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Some of them were one off, for example the two-wheeler launch specifically 
was a one-off. 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 7 of 19 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
What was the quantum on that? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I would not be able to share exact quantum of a specific event. 
Pramod Amte: 
CIMB 
With regard to the SAP problem, can you dwell more into it, because Q3 
seemed to be normalized and then Q4 has again gone off. How should 
somebody get a confidence in terms of this volatility in the European 
business? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
As you yourself said that Q3 was back to more normalized level and we went 
live with some of the SAP modules in January, which is when it impacted. 
Essentially the troubles relates to the system reflecting inventory, which 
impacted sales. This has been faced by other companies also as and when they 
have gone live with large software implementations/changes. We already see 
a resolution of these problems as we have moved from January, so we are 
fairly confident of resolving these soon. 
Pramod Amte: 
Would you give some clarity based on the initial response for two wheeler, 
what type of market share you are planning in the short term and medium 
terms and what revenue contribution can it bring in to your business in 2017, 
2018, 2019? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Too early to say because we are just two months into this operation. We have 
internal targets, but at this point to say how much of revenue it would 
generate is a difficult one. Based on the response that we have seen, I would 
say very encouraging and we would continue to see growth in this and it 
continues to be a profitable business even in the first few months of 
operation. 
Pramod Amte: 
With regard to the capex if I look at the balance sheet, both on standalone and 
consolidated basis, you seem to have spent less than what you planned, so 
what was the actual capex for FY 2016 and why was there a slippage (if it is) 
there? 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 8 of 19 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There are no slippages, the capex has moved as per plan and the slippage is in 
terms of project teams being more efficient. Where at times the advances that 
we had budgeted that may be given out were lower than what was initially 
estimated, so there is no slippage in terms of timeline or the project cost 
estimate. In our industry, a large part of it in the initial period is just advances 
given till the machinery or the fixed asset gets delivered to the site and we are 
right now in that phase, so the capex for Indian operation for example was 
under Rs. 3 billion whereas bulk of it would be already committed for the 
Chennai operation. Similarly for the Hungary operation, while the capex 
outflow is about Euro 100 million plus, the commitment or the orders already 
placed are in excess of Euro 300 million . 
Pramod Amte: 
So in that sense it will be a much lumpier in terms of cash flow outflow for FY 
2017? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
True, but overall in terms of our internal planning for cash flows for FY 2016 
and FY 2017, we are going to end up on what we had planned in terms of the 
cash needed for the capital. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Deutcshe Bank 
You sounded reasonably positive for volume growth in India for FY 2017, but 
even last year if I look at the industry especially on TBR, the volume growth 
had been strong, but for the domestic industry, the problem was the Chinese 
dumping. So in that context, are you seeing the dumping also starting to 
stabilize, which gives you the confidence of volume growth or are you looking 
at strong volume growth in the non-truck segments? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We are looking at both, based on the initial numbers that we have seen, April 
is strong volume growth on the non-truck segment. Even in the truck segment 
as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have had volume growth on truck 
bias even with the OEMs, which shows certain positive signs with the mining 
sector picking up. so all these factors give us the positive outlook and we hope 
for a good volume growth this year on the Indian operations. 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 9 of 19 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Given that your truck radial capacity is maxed out and you will have more 
capacity only in Q4, will it be fair to expect that your volume growth will be 
more second half loaded or that would not be the right way to look at it? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The enhanced capacity on truck radial will start coming on stream in the last 
quarter of this year i.e. between October to December. So, yes, second half is 
when we will see a certain amount of lumping of growth because while on all 
the other segments we will see continuous growth, truck radial growth will be 
higher. As I mentioned, on an overall Indian operations basis we continued to 
see capacity utilization going up all through the four quarters of last year. We 
started from early 70’s and ended in the late 70’s. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Going back to Europe, how did the dealer inventory on winter tyres ended in 
March? Was it like a high inventory because the winter was delayed and very 
volatile? Going into next year, do you expect any growth issues in your 
seasonally stronger quarters? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The dealer inventory was fairly okay. They started with decent inventories and 
given the winters, we saw decline in volumes across the industry. The dealers 
did pickup large volume and have ended up with inventory. Also given how 
some of the test results have come out for the Vredestein in recent times we 
are seeing strong demand for our products. As we have mentioned earlier, 
these test results are a very strong driver for sales. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Lastly on the Europe, I know you do not give margin guidance, but given that 
FY 2017 should hopefully be better than FY 2016, but with you planning for 
Hungary capacity, I am assuming R&D will have to do some more work related 
to the customers and new SKUs and as we go into Hungary ramp up next year. 
Is there a risk that margins for 2017 and 2018 could be slightly lower than 
what we have seen historically or you do not foresee any such risk? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Margins for our European operations for the next two years would be lower 
than our historical levels of let us say FY 2015 or FY 2014. Apparently the 
structure now is for a larger European operation. Some of earlier issues of 
preparing for OEMs etc. continue. Some of the one off issues have been taken 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 10 of 19 
 
care of and there would be improvement, however for the next couple of year 
we would still be below our FY 2015 level. 
Amyn Pirani: 
But hopefully from FY 2019 onwards, since you now have a lower cost 
location, hopefully the margin trajectory should be better after that? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Once the Hungary operations achieve a certain scale, on a combined basis our 
margins in the European operations should go above our historical averages . 
Deep Shah: 
SBI Capital 
Just wanted to understand, how has been our presence as far as the OEMs in 
the European business is concerned. I mean what inroads we have made over 
the last six months in the Europe business with the OEMs? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
OE business takes a fair bit of time to start. We already supply one of our 
products to OEMs which is the space master. This was primarily with 
Volkswagen and we have also started with Chrysler towards end of last year as 
the Volkswagen volumes went down. We are also focusing on the regular car 
tyre, for which we have been talking about developing the OE business. We 
are in talks with Mercedes, Volkswagen, BMW, etc. Some of them are in first 
tier and we expect to start towards the end of this year. Usually the OE 
approval cycles are long drawn but once they are through then they are a very 
strong driver of brand recognition, technology, etc. 
Deep Shah: 
What is the capex guidance for FY 2017 and FY 2018? 
 Gaurav Kumar: 
In India we should have Capex of around Rs. 17 billions and in Europe it would 
be around Euro 200 millions, in FY 2017. 
Sonal Gupta: 
UBS Securities 
You mentioned in your opening comments that we did not really follow suite 
in terms of price cuts on most products. Last time we mentioned that in 
January, there was a 3% to 5% price cut. So was that not really affected or was 
that affected and no further price cuts were taken? 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 11 of 19 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
In January, we did take cut prices but then there was a subsequent price cut 
by some of the peers and that is the one that we did not follow through. 
Sonal Gupta: 
You do not really have any lag in terms of your raw material cost because you 
are saying that in Q1 itself you will see the raw materials cost starting to move 
up? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
On the natural rubber, it comes through quicker than the others. Given that 
we carry inventory of about three weeks only, for the domestic operations it 
comes within a month. On the crude related basket typically, it is at least a 
quarter and that is why the impact would be more in Q2. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Do we see any sort of price increase coming through in India or what is your 
sense? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Right now, we have not seen any of the players taking a price increase which if 
the situation remains the margins would be under pressure. As we enter this 
year given how raw materials have moved, difficult for us to say how each 
player is thinking going forward particularly in Q2 where we would see 
another step up on the raw materials prices. 
 
Mayur Milak: 
Anand Rathi 
On margins again, you are saying that while in FY 2016 we were more 
suffering from the volume growth and margins were kind of picking up and 
now you are saying that in FY 2017 we have an outlook of great volume 
coming back with a double digit volume growth, but margin could definitely 
come under pressure. So how do we look at it? On a year-on-year basis, does 
FY 2017 look as better year over FY 2016? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Different people can have different perspectives. In FY 2016 we had low 
volume growth which was negated by price and mix. Margins which at least as 
the situation looks today, seems to have peaked. But we may have said that in 
FY 2015 also and yet the margins continued to go up. For FY 2017, we are as of 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 12 of 19 
 
now looking at signs of significantly higher volume growth, which would have 
benefits of operative leverage kicking in but at the same time we are also 
looking at higher raw materials prices. 
Mayur Milak: 
You mentioned that on quarterly basis we have a 5% volume increase and a 
10% decline in a pricing, am I right? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That is right. 
Mayur Milak: 
So, basically if we see that rubber price had came off significantly during that 
quarter and was down to like 90, 95 rupees a kg which now seem to have 
gone back to 130 odd levels. So while there was a sharp cut in price, would not 
it really be fair assumption that there would be a similar increase in pricing as 
well since this is a common cost to all? So it benefits all to take a price raise? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, but even in the past we have seen that different players have taken 
different pricing actions through the time. Their product mixes are different, 
so each player faces pressure of different quantum. As of now there has been 
no pricing action taken by any of the players even with the natural rubber 
going up to Rs 130/kg levels. 
Mayur Milak: 
Right and you again mentioned that the average cost for the quarter for 
rubber was Rs 115/kg ? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
From the basic price of rubber that you are talking about, I mentioned the 
average price that landed into the plant. It is after adding the duties, freight, 
etc. 
Arpit Kapoor: 
IDFC  
How much would be the exports as a percentage of sales in the standalone 
operation? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Above 10%. 
Arpit Kapoor: 
And how has that faired over the last year? 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 13 of 19 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
In terms of its contributions it is more or less the same. 
Arpit Kapoor: 
So we have not seen any decline per se in the export part of the standalone 
business? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
No. 
Arpit Kapoor: 
On the European business, if I look at the numbers we were doing at EBIT 
level, how do you see this going forward over the next two to three year 
timeframe? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
As I mentioned numerous times I cannot talk of specific number or a specific 
margin figure. We had two quarters i.e. the September and the March quarter 
where due to specific events we lost on margins and sales. In the European 
context once the sales go down, it impacts the margin even more 
disproportionately. We have seen the signs of some of the market share and 
volumes that we had lost to come back. This is all towards preparing for a 
much larger European business. For example, if we take steps on development 
for OEs, it does take away a certain capacity, which could have been sold, but 
there is no running away from the fact that you would have to go through that 
development cycle when your new plants come up. So, our margins will 
continue to improve, as we go through FY 2017, and eventually when we have 
our Hungary plant at a certain scale of operations, we think we would deliver 
much better overall for the European operations than what we were doing in 
the past. 
Arpit Kapoor: 
On the SAP issue, have you ironed out the issues or there might be some 
repercussions in the monthly number as well for the FY 2017? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
As we work towards resolving these, they will probably have some impact in 
the current quarter as well.  
Akshay Ajmera: 
Nizar Securities 
What is the difference between the prices that was in Q4 and now as the 
prices of rubber seems to be increased sharply? 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 14 of 19 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I do not get the prices of the raw material basket or any one of these on a 
daily basis. So I would also be seeing only the basic price for example of 
rubber. There are a whole lot of different factors that make up the final cost. 
We would only get to know the cost at the end of the quarter. 
Akshay Ajmera: 
What is the difference between the market price of rubber and landed cost in 
factories? What are the factors that add into it? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
At a broad level it is freight and the various duties, but you have to take into 
account that rubber prices is over 90 days including varying prices on each of 
those 90 days. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Forefront Capital 
I just had one question. We keep harping on the point that in CV segment we 
are facing a pressure because of Chinese dumping. Can you just tell me what 
would be the landed price of Chinese tyres and can’t we reinforce our brand in 
truck replacement market? Is it so easy for Chinese players to come and 
replace established brands in India? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Chinese tyres come in at price points which could be 30% to 40% cheaper. At 
this level of price difference there are always certain customers who are 
willing to take commercial risk or a safety risk because the price is significantly 
cheaper. For a truck guy, a tyre is second biggest cost element after fuel, 
unlike a car tyre situation. The fact that we are selling our full capacity on 
truck radials at price points which are 30% to 40% higher is an ample 
testimony to the brand. Whether it is 30% or 40% is a question which only 
market decides. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
In Europe we are obviously finding difficulties because of Volkswagen scandal, 
but overall, car market other than luxury cars is growing at a very tepid pace. 
So do you have a distinct cost advantage against the entrenched players in 
Europe, so that you will win the market share in the slow demand in OEMs?  

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 15 of 19 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
In European context the OEM demand growth has been fairly strong this year. 
In Europe even we are an entrenched player. Only thing to note is that we 
have not entered the OE market a few years back as an Indian player. We are 
an established player with the Vredestein brand which is entrenched player in 
Europe as anybody else. It is just that that we are much smaller player than 
some of the big global players. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
So in that case what is the strategy to win market share, much above the 
trend growth for normal cars because luxury cars have been fairly strong over 
the last five years or so and not just this year. In that case what is the strategy 
to have above normal growth? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We have demonstrated our ability to win market share even though it may be 
small. But for us, it is a significant growth. Actually to pinpoint one factor may 
not be correct as it is the combination of products, which come out as winning 
products in test results and are a value proposition to the customer in terms 
of certain quality of products and price. With the acquisition of Reifencom, we 
would now target to have much deeper knowledge into consumer buying 
behavior. That could further help us getting closer to the customer and 
winning market share. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Any distinct cost advantage that our plant has vis-à-vis other players in Europe 
because of the geographical locations or cost of say labour? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I would say for the last few years, we have been able to achieve this while 
having a cost disadvantage. All the other players particularly the larger ones, 
have been operating in Europe, Central or Eastern Europe which have a cost 
advantage. All these years, we were in fact operating with only a single plant 
in Netherlands, which is relatively higher cost geography, and more 
importantly a single plant allows far less flexibility in terms of manufacturing. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
You also have the premises that Chinese dumping does not affect things there 
as compared to India? Is that a correct understanding? 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 16 of 19 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There is a fair bit of Chinese imports even in the European market. While U.S. 
has moved with dumping action against the Chinese, EU has not moved ahead 
Chinese play at price points which do not directly impact the segments where 
our brands are positioned. Chinese players are pretty much and very much a 
part of the overall markets scenario even in Europe. 
Jay Kale: 
Elara Capital 
You mentioned that Reifencom revenues are Euro 23 million this quarter. If 
you can just throw some light on the profitability, how would that have been 
in this quarter? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Essentially at breakeven. 
Jatin: 
Credit Suisse 
You mentioned that your volume growth in the year has been close to 3% and 
even despite that you have seen capacity utilization moving up significantly. 
Did I get the numbers wrong there, because I am struggling to tie up the two 
numbers? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The capacity utilization kept moving up through the quarters and the numbers 
that we have had for volume growth is  correct. Capacity utilization moving up 
from early 70s to late 70s is also correct. 
Jatin: 
That is because in the last quarter you had a 10% volume growth? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. 
Jatin: 
On the Chinese import side, where is the absolute number of imports 
stabilizing now. Broadly at about 1 to 1.2 million a year? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The import of Chinese truck tyres through last year was at 1.3 million. 
Jatin: 
Broadly at that run rate you are seeing this stabilizing? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We have seen one quarter of stabilization. We would not sort of use that as of 
now to say for the full year. 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 17 of 19 
 
Jatin: 
On the truck radials side, a couple of quarters back, you had spoken about 
some debottlenecking plans to increase capacity before your capacity 
expansion comes on stream. You have also suggested that you are kind of 
peaked out now till the new plant comes in. So are you are not expecting any 
benefit from debottlenecking? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We expect to see some small volume increases in the next quarter but again in 
terms of really moving up on volumes would happen from October. But yes, 
some of the debottlenecking would come through in the next quarter. 
Sagar Sanghavi: 
JP Morgan 
On Europe, we have seen volumes being quite soft this year. So can we 
assume strong volume growth now that your issues are behind you? Because 
most of them have been related to your company rather than the industry, 
right? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Correct, most of our volume decline issues have been our internal issues and 
we expect to see strong volume growth in this current year. 
Mohan Lal: 
Kotak Securities 
I want to understand more on the 17% decline in the Europe with the 
volumes. How much was it led by the industry demand declines and how 
much was due to problems which happened with SAP implementation? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That is a difficult one. I do not think the industry has had a decline. So it is 
entirely our internal issue. 
Mohan Lal: 
Can you explain a bit more about SAP implementation leading to this kind of 
decline in volumes? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I would need to get an IT expert before you which will then get into a long 
drawn explanation. So we can take this offline. 
Mohan Lal: 
But just to understand you could have sold more volumes, but because of 
some internal issues related to SAP implementation you could not sell those 
volumes. Is that a correct understanding? 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 18 of 19 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That is correct. We could have sold more volumes. 
Mohan Lal: 
On the status of this restriction on imports through advance licensing, it was 
to be effective only till March 31st. So has it automatically been withdrawn or 
it continues? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That has been withdrawn. 
Mohan Lal: 
Both for this quarter and for full year on consolidated basis, tax rate has 
moved up. So what is the reason and what is the guidance for FY 2017 on that 
front? 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Consolidated basis results come from various geographies. India more or less 
will be a full taxpayer and typically in Netherlands our tax rate is about 20%. 
Kritika Subramaniam: 
IIFL 
I had two questions, one being at the subsidiary level we have seen a sharp 
increase in other expenses YOY because of a low base. Could you help refresh 
as to why our other expenses were low in 4Q FY 2015? My second question is 
as MRF, Ceat and even you are expanding capacity aggressively, what is your 
estimate on industry utilization in FY 2016 as against FY 2015 and how do you 
see it going forward? Do you expect the demand growth to outpace capacity 
expansion? Do you expect any risk to pricing power if the utilization dips 
beyond a particular point? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We do not have estimates of capacity of other players. Our thinking is that 
people would have gone through a similar cycle like us. They would have had 
capacity utilizations which were not the most optimal through this year 
because volume growth was soft. Given that the outlook in volumes is strong, 
each one of the players would benefit from that and would have higher 
capacity utilization. Within each segment depending on the relative strength 
of players there is differential capacity utilization. For example while we are 
running flat out on our truck radial, there are players who also have capacity 
on the truck radials and hence it would vary from player-to-player and product 
segment-to-segment. On capacity expansions, various players would have 

 
Q4 FY2016, May 12, 2016                                                                                
                   Page 19 of 19 
 
looked at demand and they are expanding capacity, we do not see a scenario 
where there is overcapacity. It also depends on the pace of expansion of each 
player and overall demand growth so again it is a fairly difficult equation for us 
to comment as to where it will end up, but as of now we do not see a scenario 
of overcapacity in the Indian tyre industry. 
Sonal Gupta: 
On behalf of UBS Securities, I would like to thank Apollo Tyres Management 
and Gaurav for taking out the time and answering all these questions. Thanks 
everyone for joining in and have a good day. Thank you. 
 
 
