Creation, not constluction,
G\
-*.!:
To,
The Assistant Manager,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department,'Exchange Plaza',
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400051
lo,
The General Manager,
BSE Limited,
Corporate Relationship Department,
1"t floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400001
June 7, 2016
Sub: Transcript of Q4 FY16 earnings conference call of Kolte-patil Developers Ltd.
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATTL and EQ
BSE Code and Scrip Codei 9624 and 532924
Dear Sir/Madam,
Please find enclosed transcript of Q4 FY16 earnings conference call held on 31 May 2016 of
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited for the fourth quarter ended March 31 , 2016.
This is for your information and record, please.
Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the same.
Thanking you,
opers Limited
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Membership No. A13258
Encl: As above
KOTTE.PATI t DEVELOPERS LTD.
Cll{ | 145200PN1991PtCl29428
pun. REd, Oflta | 2nd Flmr, Citt, Poin! Dhole Patil Road, Pue - 411 001. Mahanshtn, India T€l; +91 20 ff22 65dl Far | +91 20 6622 5511 Web I www.koftepatl.com
SanphnQffir.|22l11,lstRoor,Pad(W€s!VlthllralyaRoad,EanFlor€-560()01IndlaTel.:+91-80-222t1135,2224283,\93764!6Far:+91-80'22120554

Kolte Patil Developers Limited
Q4 FY16 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
May 31, 2016
Moderator
Shlv Muttoo
Gopal Sarda
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and Welcome to the e4 Fyt6 Earning Conterence
Callof Kolte Patil Developers. As a reminder, all participant lines will biin the listen-
only mode and lhere will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call
please signal an operator by pressing . then 0 on your touchtone telephone. please
note that this conference has be€n recorded. I would now like to hand the conference
over to Mr. Shiv Mutloo of CDR India. Thank you and over lo you sir.
Thank you Karuna. Good aflernoon everyone and thank you for joining us on the e4
FY16 results conference call of Kolte patil Developers Limited. We have with us
today Gopal Sarda and Atul Bohra representing the managemenl team on the call.
Before we begin I would like lo state that some statements in today's discussion may
be forward looking in nature and may jnvolve certain risks anb uncertainlies. A
delailed statement in lhis regards is available on the e4 results presentation that I
sent out to you earlier. I would now invite Mr. Gopal Sarda to begin the proceedings
on this call.
Good.afternoon everyone. A verywarm welcome to everyone present and tnanK you
for joining us today to discuss the operating and financiai performance of our
company for the Q4 ended 3lsrMarch 2016.
During FY16 we olfered over 1,SOO units to customers for possession and have Deen
seeing improved groMh momentum in terms of sales value realization and
collections in existing projects. While on the ground situation is stillslow moving wjth
deferred .demand cycle, .slrong_ execution capability becomes the biggest
ornerentiator for. any. developer. Execution is our first priority as we focr,is- on
oenvenng a good quatiiy product made to promise specification and in the promised
timeline.. With this objective in mind, we are targeting to ofer 2,Soo'unrts tor
possession in the current financial year based on th; 4.5hillion squa;e feet that are
currently under execution. We see this capabilily as providing the momemum to
demand. in the next phase ot growth. 04 linancial p€dormance-saw higher revenue
recognition and margin expansion, compared to recent trends and a 3l3o/o vear-on_
year growlh in net profit.
04 revenues stood at Rs. 190 crore, up 1g% year-on-year. EBITDA expanded from
H.s._4E crore lo Rs. 52 crore. pAT post minority interest slood al Bs. tti crore in e4
l- Y16, up 3370 year-on-year. EpS increased to Bs. 2.98 from Rs. 1 .80. In pune, lhere
was groMh in both volume and realization in new sales bookings and we recorded
sales of0.52 mittion square teet at an ApR ol Rs.5,9e6 per squ"ie f""t. dl 
"orre"tion
Page 1 of 11

Modsrator
Parlkshlt Kandpal:
for the company was the highest in the last four quarters. Wakad was launched
successtully and we sold 129,000 square leet with strong realization in this projecl
during Q4, constltuting 25% of pune sales by volume. R;cently, we have launched
Hl sector at.our. Life Bepublic Township. Mumbai is starting to deliver a more
srzeaDre contribution lo the business by contributing Rs. 50 crore in pre_sales during
Q4..The Jay Vijay prqect saw sates acceleratioriwith consist,ent impiovement in
realization. Our co-development agreement in Jay Vijay has given stronger visibility
trom a. cash ftow perspective and we expect lhis to heh us geneiate better
realizalions trom sales in the current year. Link palace, our iirst pr6jeA in Mumbai
has so-ld g0%of inventory- and posse;sions are ptannej by et rV#. inis is a tey
mresrone ror our successful expansion into the city. We have now siqned 2 DA/PA
ror our Mumbai projects, the first one being Hari Ratan CHSL nearlnorbit mall in
Goregaon West and the semnd one being Sagar Vaibhav CiSf_ inbinis", west.
Going foruard we see Mumbai detivering added sales momentum across muttipte
projects, all ot which are well located in high demand locality. Revenue contibution
!,:T,,yrTb"il. "J.9 
expecred to srart in th-e cunent financiaiyeai- in eangatore, our
p,]l-"_lllf 
_"IP".J99 to e.xpand with some raunches stated tor e2 Fyi7,;ffectivety
rmprovrng project diversif ication.
We have_used.the cash generated during the quarter lo bring down our debt tevel
elevated following Coro a buyoul in eg Fy16. Oebt reduced 6y Rs. 32 crore tn e4
lY19 ":pr: 03 FYl6. oebt-Equ y Ratio has r"ouc"J riorl.l6-in--oJ""ro", to
u.4b In Marcn, In ttne with management's prudent stance on leverage.
Going forward, v{e will consolidate our leadership position in pune which has seen
slrong emptoyment and €conomic drivers and is tirle! an end_useioemino marxet.
We can see increased sates momentum in existin! pioieas witn ni!neiproritaOitity
as we launch -subsequent phases lor estabtished piojecis. Revenue'tr;je;rory coutd
improve.in FYlTas greater proportion ot.tOO% own,lO project comi-uilo, ,"u"nue
recognition. Our tocus will remain on execution.
Higher fealizations are expected and we will maintain tight operational cost controt.
Debt lev€t wi remain within the guided range ; iil";;;;tio-ns 
witt be
m-aintained. lncreased contribution is'expe-cteO t-rom our asset_iigiriiJumiaiproiects.
With these factors rve expect some Rbce expansion. Oui t,i.r" *jii?.o U" on
:IaqtjTl,,ry corporate governance pradices and increasin! oiganizationat
competenctes.
With,that I come to.an.end of my opening comments and would now like ask the
moderator to open lhe line for questions to; further discussions.
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and genflemen we will now begin the queslion and
answer session. We have the tirst ouestion from the fine of eaiistriifianOpal from
HDFC Securities. please go ahead.
Gopal, tve have seen in this vear the rr'olume come otf sharply versus last year.
91'-"-l"y-'gs" parr of it is at;o atributabte lo tne stowoown in'tne- ril-*et. cotng
roryard as.lhe reat estate markel picks up,.what woub bJou, iirai"gyin;r, nore
market which is pune? What kind of launches have we planned in L]fe Repubtic? |
mean rhe new votumes wi be mming largely from wtriin oftne projecisi SeconO
question, what kind of sustainable volume can we do over the nbrt,siy corpre ot
years? 2 mi ion square feet coutd be kind of a base, so *n"i tinJ?f 
"-i,.*tn ""n
we expecr in pre-sales momentum in the pune ma*dr go;glir*iol - -'
So Parikshit, as far as last year is con@rned, we were expecling two launches which
ord not happen because of approvar derays. npprovari ro, tie"a.i-Jeclor in r_ire
Gopal Sarda
Page2ol 11

Parlkshlt Kandpal:
Gopal Sada
Parikshlt Kandpal:
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshlt Kandpal;
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshlt Kandpal:
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshlt Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshit Kandpal
Bepublic came in March quarterand we have launched it in May'16 and the important
one is the Western Avenue: Wakad project tvhich we have liunched in the mid ot
March. So had it been the case thal these two projects would have been launched
in the last quarter, progressively we would have increased the sales volume. Now
particular lo this FY17 since these 2 projects are now launched, we are expecting
20-25ol. growth in pre-sales numbers trom the pune region. As far as MumDar goes
we have already launched Jay Vijay and there are two new projects rvhich has been
signed in this quarter. Those projects are in approval stage. So probably Og-e4 we
can expecl either one or bolh project launches from Mumbai also. Going lonflard we
can see overall 20-2570 groh/lh in pre-sales number and around 15-2oolo growth as
rar as revenue recognition is concerned.
2 million square-feet could reach probably 2.4 million square teet is basically whal
we are targeting?
2.4-2.5 million square t€et, yes.
And average price realizations will largely remain in the curent levels?
Yes, sales price will, probably average price realizations will go up since Mumbai
nas. staned contributing. So you can see further increase in average price
realizations also.
In Mumbai, but in Pune largely the pricing will be stable the current level?
Yes.
Okay second question is this Sanjivani project, it has been reconfigured and when
oo rve exped to launch lhis proiecl now?
:e9 a:. faj as Sanjivani poecl goes we have got lhe UO tevel approval which is
Dasrca y the Environmental Clearance, Locational Clearance approvals etc. We are
doing a bit of due diligence at our level, wherein lhere are two inodets, firsiwneretn
we are expecling 15 million square feet of saleable area with majority as apartment
and lhe second model we are explorjng wherein we will be focusino on a oroduct mix
compnsrng predominan y of bungalows. So in terms of revenue, cosl and free casn
rows, we are not seeing much oI the hit and we can drastically curtait down that 1S
m on square feet into 6.5-7 million square feel ol saleable area. What we are doing
inlernally is evaluating lhe two options in whjch instead of f emifiion squa; reet ot
apanment sates, where the ApR would be Rs. 4,500 per square foot and Fs. 3,000
p^":"-,q_gji"!p:!and Bs..1,SoO-per square foot as a fre6 cash ftow, we can ptan
ro maKe^b.5-l mr nn square feel of saleable area wherein ApR of bungalows will be
ns. /,cuu per square loot and cost trould be in the range of Bs. 2,900_3,OOO per
square foot giving you more or less the same cash flows]This exerciie lJcunenrry
going on and the moment we freeze lhis we woutd be looiing;i fiun"- ni in" propcr
in Q3 ot this particular financial year.
And sir last question, has the GR clme for increase in totvnships on Agd land from
0.5 to 1, has it come officialty or are you still are awajting thai?
GR copy is not in our hand but from the sources we have got that from 0.5 to t has
been done.
It.will.be applicable to both our Life Republic and Saniivini both or Sanjivini is atready
I think industriat tand, so wi it be appticabte to t_ite nipuoiic-o"ry. "s;lii 
*
Page3ot1l

Gopal Sarda
Moderalor
Adhidev C.
Gopal Sarda
Adhldev C.
Gopal Sarda
Adhldev C.
Gopal Sarda
Moderator
Anll Klnl
copal Sarda
Anll Kinl
Gopal Sarda
Anll Klnl
GopalSarda
Anll Klni
Yes, you are right.
Thank.you. The next question is trom the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from Etara
Capital. Please go ahead.
Just to ask on Mumbai projects, what is lhe total amount we have invested tilldale
across all the projects and nhal is the likely cash flow also for next Vear or next
couple of years if you could share that?
So as far as our first two projects go, Link palace and Jay Vijay we have invested
F{S. ,JZ Crore and lve are expecting around Rs. g5-100 crore as a free cash flow from
lhese lwo projects in the next 30 months' time.
And the other new projects how much will you be putting in there?
Total we have around 1 1 projects in Mumbai, we have announced 6 of lhese and the
resl of the projects are in the legal finalization mode. Total our economic share is 1 .1
million square feet out ot the Mumbai portfolio which gives you atopline of Rs.2,500-
3,!10_q.r9-qu9i " 
period of tet us say 4-S years' time arid then ive can expect an
EBlTDA.ot 27-30olo on this topline. But sinc; we do not have any clarity in lerms of
approval and there is a change in DCR & Dp, we do not want to com;ent. Based
on the clarity in terms ol DCR & Dp we will be able lo give you lhe exact numbers in
lhe next coming quarters.
From the Pune market, which are the projects that you are seeinO much better
lraction? What are the reasons, you think it is attributable to?
So as far as Pune market goes, Corolla - lvy Estate, is confibuting substantialty. The
ploj""t gol::.:ld9r Mtc portfotio wherein your 2 BHK is in the ringe oi suU ns. SO
ll^n ul9 y UHK rs.rn theJange of sub Rs. 70 lakh. We are seeing major traction in
rnese Knds of products. Similarly, we are getting good traclion in ThreL Jewels and
Wakad also.
Thank you. .The next question is from the line of Anil Kini from Envision Capital.
Please go ahead.
ln Wakad, your revenue recognition has been Rs. 6,300 per square foot the
::*il9l1i.'_"1^y3s rasl.quarrer h/as Fts. 6,100 per square toot, have you seen any
pnce ntKes over there in Wakad?
Yes. There were two reasons, one is that we have sold some commercial spaces
over there and as tar as overall ApR goes whatever we have sold in this particular
quarter has been around Rs. 6,150-6,100 per square foot.
Okay, so you have taken a price hike in Wakad?
Y€s.
And.the momentum that we have seen is 43,OOO square feet per month in Wakad.
So do you think that kind ol a momentum can u" cariieJ ouiior'*,.i Jn" y"", o, ,of
I think we will be able to maintain 2.S lakhs for the entire year over there.
From Wakad alone?
Page4of11

Gopal Sarda
Anll Klnl
Gopal Sarda
Anll Klnl
Gopal Sarda
Anil Klnl
Gopal Sarda
Anll Klnl
Gopal Sarda
Anll Klnl
Gopal Sarda
Moderator
Hlmanshu U.
Alul Bohra
Hlmanshu Upadhayay
Gopal Sarda
Yes.
ll Pulgl 
"lg 
you seeing any probtems in lerms of water availabitity because ot the
orought In the region and what is the cost impact for us because of this?
See in all our pJojects, lhere is no problem as tar as water goes. you musl be
llyjlg jl 91r-.9"r9lla and Life Repubtic projecrs we have lo hive a warer suppty
rrom the respective dams, hence here we are not seeing any problems and as farai
other projects goes we have bore-wells and whenever we see any kind of waler
concerns then the tanker facility is also available. So none of the projects are facing
any water problem as such.
Are you seeing any cost escalation because of this?
No, low value in lakhs. Nothing substantial.
You also talked ot Bangalore launches. So can you.iust share a litfle bit more details?
What kind of a land bank would you be having in Bingalore? What kind ot launches
are you looking at right now?
So as far as Bangalore goes, we are planning 2 launches, one is at Hosur road near
Electronic.City opposite Infosys Campus which is a 4 acie land parcelwherein our
lola].s.9le+!9. egrejtiat is 6 takh square feel. We have ptanned thL product mix from
1 BHK lo 5 BHK. The second project is al Koramangali, it is a high end project with
a.3 and 4 BHK product mix and totat saleabte arei of around i lakh jquare leet.
These are the two pojects which we are planning to launch in H1 Fy17. '
And the land is available with us only?
Yes. This is 100% owned by KPDL.
On the debt side forthis year how much debt willyou bo reducing lor the whote year?
See for this particular year the debt number will come dotvn by minimum Rs. 100
crore.
Thank you. The next question is trom the line of Himanshu Upadhayay from DHFL
Pramerica. Please go ahead.
How much have we spent on construction in last 12 months and also in this ouarter?
In a year, we tnically spend around Fls. g5O crore on construction. The land cost is
separate and nothing included from that. 
-So 
as far as last year goes we have spent
approximatety Rs. 400 crore and for Fy.l7 we wi be spending irounJhi. sso_ooo
crore.
In the ongoing projects which rve have launched how much would be lhe capex
requirementlo complete this 20 million square feet of projects wt i"t iru ongoing jr.t
a lumpsum if you can give some idea on tolalcapex?
S-ee all our lands ars 100% paid, fully paid land bank. So as far as the construction
!9mn]ment.S.o9s. w9 do not require any capex commitment. Our internal actruals
are strong which in itself takes care tor th€ overafl conslruction spend- ff need be,
construction tinance toan can be bridged from the nationaiiieJ Oiii on one or. uo
projects if there is a shortfall of around Rs. 10_12 crore. gut-.inc" ou; internaf
Page5ol 11

accruats are $rong, as you can see in lhis particular quarter we have collected Rs.
260 crore, I do not see any kind of capex commitment ior the next tinancial year.
Hlmanshu upadhayay so the current projects which are ongoing, residential proiects, how much wourd be
lhe total construction spend we have to do to complete these projects. A lumpsum
figure I wanted to have?
Gopal Sarda
Himanshu upadhayay okay, Rs. 900-1ooo crore onry tor pune projects which are raunched projects, which
are ongoing?
Himanshu Upadhayay Ok, so this is including lhe Mumbai projects and Goa also what you have?
Gopal Sarda
No, this I am talking only for pune.
Gopal Sarda
Yes.
Gopal Sarda
Gopal Sarda
It all depend on project-to-project basis because in a couple of projects we have
completed 8070 work, and couple of projects where in we have completed SO% of
the work. fi4aybe after the call you can gel in touch with Mayank and he can provEe
you with the details for project-wise cost that needs to be spent. But if you aJ( me a
ballpark number, I see somewhere around Rs. 900-1,OOO;rore is whit we need to
sDeno.
No, Q4 we have collected Rs. 1.1-1A crore. We have not menlioned over there
becaus€ we have arso given a note that the colections do not inctuaJconrior:rion
rrom UMA projecls. So actual collectjon for e4 Fy16 is Rs. 272 crore. We have this
excluded Rs. 11-12 crore which we have collected for Sereno and Kp Tower.
Hlmanshu upadhayay okay, there are 2 proiects 24k sereno and Kp rowers which show area sold but
collection data is not provided. why do you provide sales value but collections dat,a
is not there?
_S.9 3: 11, ": tn. Sereno and Kp Cily Tower project goes, for this particutar quaner
we have co ecled around Rs. 11-12 crore and tve can start adding ihis from the next
quarterly presentation wherein you can see lhe collection for this"oroiect as we .
Hlmanshu upadhayay But in the pr€senlation sride #12, in Q4 we have not received any money, means
the corections have not been there. so you are saying in e1 Fy1i, that is. rr-ri
crore is what you have received, you are saying?
Hlmanshu Upadhayay But from next quader will lhis start showing numbers?
Gopal Sarda
We will start incorporating these details in the next presentalion.
Hlmanshu upadhayay And can you give some update on this Raaga, Alyssa and Mirabilis and Banoalore
project where the momenlum seems to be-stbw'o"ly. What i; th;;i;;;il;:;
projects?
Gopal sarda 
so as far as rhese project.go, in Raaga we have sord 50% of the inventory and in
Mhabilis, which is a Jv polect we canlee traction rom nen quarler onwards_
Hlmanshu Upadhayay And Exente?
Gopal Sarda 
Exente and the. Koramangala project are lhe two projects that we are planning to
taunch in 02 Fy17.
Page6of11

Hlmanshu upadhayay And do you expect the sales momentum of o.s million square teet to continue or you
are expecting some improvements and again in the existing projects whal is the
status because- if I see, the details of ongoing poject, the gross saleable area is 20
mirrion square feet overal and the area sord is aound t 3.-s milion square feet. so
how, is il thal jg.S, which means that willtake a lot ot time to get these products sold
or what is your sense?
Gopal Sarda
Mod€rator
Hlren Dasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hlren Dasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hlren Oasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hiren Dasanl
GopalSarda
Hlren Dasanl
On a pretax basis?
The besl part about this panicular year and for coming 2 years is that we have atl
our projects approvals in place and since we have launched Rl seclor out of Life
Republic and Wakad, we can see contribution coming lrom these lwo projects as
well, which are in lhe best part ot pune wherein you can see a good demand. So we
can maintain a run.rate ot around 2.4-2.5 million square teet. Over a period of next
2-3 years I think the entire inventory will get offloaded.
Thank you. The next question is trom lhe line ot Hiren Dasani from Goldman Sachs.
Please go ahead.
ljust wanled the movement of cash flotv tor the year and how the debt has
increased? So tt t understand correcfly beginning of th; year the debt wis, net oeot
I am.saying, gross debt less cash equivalents and investments were aboul260 crore
wnrcn rs now to aboul 510 odd crore, so is lhat correct and tirst if it is then where is
the money spent and how the debt is increased.
So your analysis is correct. The debt has gone up by around Rs. 280 crore, lne
reasons were as follows. Fhs y, there is a Corolla buyout wherein we have laKen
Rs. 1ao crore from tDFc, secoid is ttrat we nave lnveit".i i.. iir ..i" in ururu"i
expansion for the redevelopment porttolio, thifd is that we have utilized Rs. gO crore
ror me tsangatore project towards the conslruction and balance Rs. 2O_2S crore
loyarqs plgTirlm. and TDR charges which we have incurred for the resl of the pune
projecrs. rhrs rs ho|l/ the Rs. 200 crore debt has gone up. Rs. 32 crore debt has
curtailed down for this e4 from the internal accruals-.
S_o you are saying between December and March the debt has come down by Bs.
32 ctore?
Yes. And going torward, Fy17 also we are planning to reduce debt by another Rs.
'| 00 crore tor sure.
Just to get the understandino trom lh
*-:dTld:y;ffi ffi;1#",,11'il":il.":f#iffiT?Hf li?illl,ff ,
metncs we would expect from them?
L=11*_r,3: Yyrb."iprojecrs goes we dont took ar tFF, tRR can go to rhree digil
number atso. Mumbai we are majorly focusing on HOCE bec;use in a the
!e-o!yet9nm91t project typica y we hive ro enter into a DA/PA wherein we are just
?iryp lh" Stamp Duty and once a the approvals are in pface iien w" g,u" tn"
socrety a notice to vacate. post this our firrt irount splno stlrti.-so i"r"i" o"proy
money at the time of vacation and one_can launch the project and get back the
money. so here we wil be focusins on RocE ino ";i;;;ki;;';;"j;1n", ,n"n
IFR.
So what kind of ROCE we would expect from this project?
We can expect ROCE ot somewhere aro und 2O_2So/..
,o,\
\-^
r )6
./ co
Page7of11

Gopal Sarda
Hlrcn Dasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hiren Dasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hirsn Dasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hiren Dasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hlr€n Dasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hlren Oasanl
Gopal Sarda
Hlfen Dasanl
Gopal Sarda
Moderator
De Graal
Post tax basis.
And lastly, a generic question what would be the average construction cost for you
now lor Pune?
Pune or Mumbai?
For Pune let us say.
For Pune, the overall construction cosl should be in the range of Rs. 2,750 per
square lool because of couple ol MIG projects wherein lhe construction would be in
the range of Rs. 2,500 per square toot and for 24K and others the construction range
would be in the range of Rs. 3,000-9,250 per square toot. We can consoer an
average of Rs. 2,700-2,800 per square foot.
Okay and tor Mumbai?
Mumbaiconstruction cost should be on higher side, somewhere between Rs. g,OOO-
3,500 per square foot.
And is the ditference largely because ot the labor?
Yes because of the labor and also the material rates are ditferent for Mumbai and
here we are going 'with material strategy'. So we have to consider thal extra margin
trom the contractors also.
Sorry when you say with material means?
So typically in Mumbaiwe are atvarding contract in three parts, Shelland Core, MEp
and Finishes & giving on wilh material basis wherein the contractor is going to add
his profit margin as far as the labor portion goes. Material control is'in our hand
wherein tve are enlering into rale analysis sort of arrangement wherein we will go by
either his rate or our rate whichever is less.
But you do not tollow the same in pune?
No, Pune $/e are doing in-house.
Even the construction everything is in-house?
Yes.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Oe Graat, Individual Investor. please
go anead.
Gol a technical question on your definition of your sales number. What I woutd like
to.Know rs at whal stage of the sales process you regafd the sales as a sare and
added to your numbers. So my question is so wiat proportion oi vorri"t"a nrrO",
I?;"^j^"g.gi l1g:-#12 uhimatety wi end inro occupation? sb is rhere a nuge
orrerence Detween the two, between what you report and ultimately will be occupied
by their buyers. So is there a big difference and is there a Oifiei"nce Lt","en
resoenltar and commercial, do you understand the ouestion?
Page8ofl1

Gopal Sarda
De Graaf
Gopal Sarda
D9 Graal
Gopal Sarda
Ds Graat
Gopal Sada
Oe Gfaal
Gopal Sarda
Moderator
Rltwlk Sheth
Gopal Sarda
Yes. S^o there are two lhings one is pre-sales and second is revenue recognition in
the P&1. As far as presales goes wherever we have received more ttan 10olo
collections we are considering this as a sale.
It is about the sales numbers so the volume of the sales. So if a buyer comes to you
ang ?s l.:ary 9n your_website you can spend Rs.4,OOO and then you have maoe a
sa|e by lhe internet. Bul do you count that as a sale done alread'y, so what is lhe
oernflon you report something in your sales number as a real sale and does that
99iy?ti,l9 occuparion utrimatety. ts thar a 1OO% conversion or do buyers drop our
during lhe process? So you see the mismatch between the two, are thele final aales
numbers you report? You are 100% certain these people will occupy ttrese
apanments and commercial real estates. you see what I am asking?
I:jl] .-o.I|"S 1" *o concepls -one is your pre-sates which we are mentioning on
slde #12. We consider sale only once we have received 10% of the amount.
ryprca y what happen is if a customercomes and he gives you a Rs. S-7lakh chegue
as a down payment and lhe further payments he would pay over a period of time.
But we consider that as part of sales and weconsiderthat iorih",eu".iul ,""ogniton
also, once we have received i0% of the total transaction value. As far as revenue
recognition is considered in the p&L you have to go by the guidelines of the lCAl
wherein 25% conskuction spend has io be comple-ted ina oity tnen can you sfarf
with the R€venue Recognition. This is how we ire managing pie-saLi anO main
sales into P&1.
IH:l:.9,?19_1l9.ll"" typica y of these numbers you reporlthem rhe buyers basica y
ruu-/o wfl sray w[n you or do you have-cenain drop out number proportion typically
you kno'/v will drop oul on average or 1OO% conveied into occupition?
So whatever w-e arc.reponing, that is the sure numbers wherein we have coflected
more than 10%. Wherever we teel the 2-golo cancellation can hapfei,, ,r,e are
considering lhat sates as part of pre-sales or for revenue recognitlo" "-
Ok-ay, so basically you are saying that these arc l}Oo/o going to convert into
occuoation?
Absolutely.
Anotherquestion on the progress ofthe Downtown project, how is the progress going
and lhe second question when do you expect to launih the pnase-tt bt tf,ls pro;ectt
As far as Phase-l goes we are at gO% completion stage. probably in next 1O-j1
::,ll!: yg "llt 
be giving rhe entire possession of phas-e_t, o.S miltion ;uare reet
wnrcn we have taunched & as far as phase-ll goes we are planning to ijuncn one
sector which is Senona based out of uowntown, where we are awaitinq basic level
ot approvals. could be that can come to us in' next so o"y. 
"-nJiii""n-ir,"r""t",
another 30-60 days for inlernal preparation. So a2 FyiT you'can ."" G Lrn.n.
Thank you. The next question is from the tine ot Ritwik Sheth from Span Capital.
Please go ahead.
l.lT.l::rtL: "t.Cresrions. 
Firsrty, retated to the taunches, sir what is the area that
we have taunched in Fy t6 and what is the plan for Fyt Z anO if po.iiOf" FVfgf
For FYl7,. R1 rve have launched out of Life Republic as far as Fy16 goes in the tast
month which is March '16, we have launched Wakad, as t fraue saia"Se]r-ona oaseo
oui of Downtown which we are ptanning to taunctr in ez fif i 
"nJ 
t-nln-if,"ru ," a
f"m
QV,
Page9of11

Rltwlk Shsth
Gopal Sarda
Rltwlk Sheth
Gopal Sarda
Ritwlk Sheth
Gopal Sarda
Rltwik Sheth
Gopal Sarda
Rltwik Sheth
Gopal Sarda
Rltwlk Sheth
copal Sarda
Rltwlk Sheth
Gopal Sarda
possibility al lvy Estate Phase- l which we wifl be taunching in the month of October
2016.
ln Q3, okay, so can you quantify the volume tot Fy17?
For FY17 you can see around a ballpark number of 1.S-.1.7 million square teet which
will come.
And if I can get the tigure ot the percentage of sale in Fy16 trom new launches?
In FY16 there was only one launch, Wakad and Wakad has contributed
approximately 6% ot the overall presale numbers.
Yes 130,000 approx.
Yes.
And sir what is the totat inventory launched for R.l and Wakad projects in the tast g-
4 months?
As far as R1 goes lhe lotat inventory is j.45 million square feet out ot which we have
l::l"l9d,_1l9yjl: lmountinglo 0.476 mi ion square feer and as tar as wakad goes
we nave taunched I towers which is 0.7 million square feel.
And how is the response been on R1?
So as faras, Rl goes we have just launched it 20 days bac* and lhe initial response
was good. We witt be abte to tell about the overa r;sponse in el Fy17. As,ar as
Wakad goes we have sold decent volume over there, around i takhs square teef
which we have sold at the time ol the taunch itsell_
It is almost like 25-30% we have sotd.
Yes.
Andsir just taking a step back, like two years back we had a plan o,lill Fyl7 we had
a sales guidance ot around 1i -12 mi ion square leet over 3 years FVI S-17, so right
now we have. attained 6-7 milion square feet. So t t<now th6 maif"i iJ. L,t .rorn",
::lTlJr-9..9" regargjng that has pune market tike srabitized? Has it devetoped
ano rom now on we will be able to see only what we see in a developed market? so
what is your take on that? Do we see a st;uctural shift. ereviously vie iave Oone S
million square feel. So do we see a structurat shift thaiwe wifipf"i""ri"f 
"nO *n"n
we have good taunches we wi be sorting in that particular ,irirf"i. w'nit i. you,
take?
So as far as Pune market goes, in fact last y€ar was quite stable and lrom lasl coupte
9l119qh.'" sates have again srarted piinng up. 'ir", i.;;ili;';iret 
ana
comptetety end-user based. 900695%. of o-ur inventory is geffi .oii fo, tte
customers.who are going to be the actual usersand going forwira wjciniee gooo
ly199il: l. ry" have righly pointed out since tasr y;ear"was "or!i""iioi u. t"xrg
Into.consideralion the overall markel scenario, but from last coupJot ,onitrs "e 
are
:::llg^i g9"d ll"gtion in terms or presares "t;b;; ;il;i,i;;ii,"il'*"," n"*
raunches sorrobably we can maintain a run-rate of Z.+-Z.S mifii:on square reet
comfortably The moment you see a bette, ,"rpon 
" 
riorn in" ,"rl"i"njii" ou"r"u
scenarao improves, we can take further jump as well.
;)e\;"
/ Prno )-'
\7^.,
Page 10 of 1 1
,\A&-

Rltwik Sheth
Gopal Sarda
Rltwlk Sh€th
Gopal Sarda
Rltwik Sheth
GopalSarda
ModsEtor
Gopal Sarda
Moderator
And one final question in one oJ the previous queslion you mentioned that you will
be reducing your debt by Rs. 1OO crore. So giving ail the launches and a[ the
possession that we ptan to do in Fy.t7, like 2,SOO units so how is that thinking like it
will be trom internal accrual, I could nol understand that?
lf you see, the overall collection for Fy16 was Rs. 96g crore and for lhis parlicular
year FY17 we 
-are expecting the collection will improve by around 1g_2oolo of whicfl
around Rs. 600-650 crore we will be considered iowards the construction cosl. We
will be at a descent position and we can manage the possessions r.vell, wherein we
wi be deploying whatever cash and surplus required here. I do not see ;ny kind o,
debt requirement for particular year.
And onetinal question on Mumbai, w-e have 11 projecls and 3-4 will be coming up in
the.next 3-6 months you mentioned. So what is.ihe'bandwidth in Mumbai, how-miny
projects are we @mfortable like taking on in this JV-JDA structure?
So I think we.can manage a run rate of 2.S-3 miltion square feet of construcuon. As
rar as the enttr€ portfolio goes we have to construct g million square feet and our
economic share is around a million square feet. We have a team on board ano srnce
we are going with materialconlract, lthinkwe can €asily manage 2.5-O mittion square
feet construction which will happen over a period of time.
119,'l thjg we are a pure redevetopment like we iust have an agreement with the
prevrous Enclowners and we oulsource everything else and we just do the marketing
and sates sometimes?
l\l:,::: jf t:-i:3_"131cut guidetine from the sovernment. As per section 79A every
soqery nas to appoint a pMC who is a technical quatitied person, The pMC has 6
prepare a lender: they have to float the tender in 2 or 3 niwspapers. We purchase
that tender, bid tor it, there is a process wherein there will be a technical round ol
-df^",9191 
wirh the Society, there is a ptanning presentition, 
"nJ " 6r.rr"i"r
oners, site visils are conducted, multiple rounds oi discussion in i"rrs oicorr"rc,ar
9f1,19 !h"" JIgr strodtisting t0 deveiopers to S oevetopers, S Jeve-tJpers to g
9evetopers and thej| from 3 developers.they select one develop"i. ft 
"n 
you naue
lo comply with the Registrar process which ii that you have to Uiinj ft"i"g,srra, to
Ii l9"l9v: lhe.sociely has ro vote and 75% of th; uot" t "u.lo 6" in i"-uo, ot tn"
oeveroper and lhen lhe societv issues an LOl. Then there is a OA/PA and you nave
to finalize the ptan and post ati of this the actual construciio;;tirr". io't-er" *" are
1.1_"]9!op"t r1n"s9r for the societywh€rein we are tivrngir,e;-coffi ,i't onr ana
o(rra^area and against.that we are getting some pre-sare area. Frdm that we have
ro manage the overa cost of the project and arrive at Oeceni prJtitaUitity tor
ourselves.
Ttank you. As there are no ,urther questions from the participants I would now like
to handover the ,loor to the management for the closini comri"ni.. ciu"i io yo, ,ir.
Thank you.once.again for your interest and support. We will continue to slay
engaged. Please be in touch with our investor relaiibns teim fo, 
"ny 
irrt-fl", O"t"if,
or discussions. Look forward to interacting with you next quarter. ftini you.
Thank you very much. Ladies and oenflemen, on beharf of Korte patir Deveropers
that conctudes this conference ""ri rnanryi,u ioiffins ;;l;r;"y 
"o"
disconnect your lines.
Page11of11
