
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
UFO Moviez India Limited  
Q4 & FY16 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
SANJAY GAIKWAD – MANAGING DIRECTOR, UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LTD 
KAPIL AGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LTD 
ASHISH MALUSHTE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, UFO MOVIEZ INDIA LTD 
 
ANALYST: 
 
ANKUR PERIWAL – RESEARCH ANALYST, AXIS CAPITAL LTD 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the UFO Moviez India Limited Q4&FY16 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Axis Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ankur Periwal from Axis 
Capital. Thank you and over to you Mr. Periwal. 
Ankur Periwal:  
Thank You. Good day ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Axis Capital, I welcome you all to 
UFO Moviez India Limited’s Q4&FY16 Earnings Conference Call. The Company is today 
represented by Mr. Sanjay Gaikwad – Founder and Managing Director, Mr. Kapil Agarwal – 
Joint Managing Director and Mr. Ashish Malushte – Chief Financial Officer.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Gaikwad for his opening remarks, post which we 
can start the question and answer session. Thank you and over to you. 
Sanjay Gaikwad:  
Thank you, Ankur and thank you all for joining our Q4&FY16 earning call. Before taking 
questions, I am going to give a brief overview of our performance for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2016.  
So let’s start, we saw continued strength in our advertising revenues with 35% growth in line 
with our annual guidance. We delivered over 55% ad growth during the quarter to achieve our 
annual guidance. The theatrical business continued to deliver stable results.  
Our consolidated financial performance factors in the planned losses from new business 
initiatives like Caravan Talkies which is under our subsidiary VDSPL. Despite planned losses 
in VDSPL, our overall consolidated performance has been very encouraging. Total 
consolidated revenue grew 19.4 % to ₹5,721 million. The primary factor driving this growth 
was advertising, higher E Cinema VPF and Sale of Products. EBITDA was higher by 14.9% at 
₹1,848 million, which represents a 32.3% margin. PBT stood at ₹981 million, higher by 42.5% 
with a margin of 17.1% and PAT stood at ₹635 million, 30.0% higher with a margin of 11.1%.  
Let’s see how our business has performed excluding the impact of VDSPL. EBITDA 
excluding VDSPL was higher by 19.0% Y-o-Y at ₹1,918 million, representing a 33.8% 
margin. PBT excluding VDSPL was higher by 56.0% at ₹1,082 million with a margin of 
19.1% and PAT excluding VDSPL grew 49.1% to ₹736 million representing a 13% margin. 
This PAT includes Tax expense of ₹33 million which is tax paid by Company’s subsidiaries on 
the Inter-Company divided income they received from UFO’s other subsidiary. As such the 
normal PAT attributed to the Group’s business operations excluding VDSPL should have been 
₹769 million.  

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
On the Theatrical business side, E Cinema VPF revenue grew 10.7% Y-o-Y. Operationally, the 
number of E Cinema screens marginally declined which is normal churn. We expect the 
number of screens to go up and down in the next couple of quarters and this number will 
stabilize in the long run as mentioned in previous calls.   
Advertisement revenues stood at ₹1,578 million, an increase of 35.3% Y-o-Y. Corporate 
Advertisement revenues grew 37% compared 29% growth from Government Advertisements 
during the year. The volume of in-cinema advertising consumption on UFO’s network has 
grown steadily. Advertisement minutes sold per screen per show during the year stood at 4.15 
minutes compared to 3.36 minutes last year.  
UFO’s financial position continues to strengthen, the Company’s Net Debt as on March 31, 
2016 stood at ₹24 million compared to ₹507 million last year and as we speak, the Company is 
now in Net Cash.  
The Capex during the year stood at ₹695 million, which includes ₹178 million towards the 
expansion of Caravan Talkies. Accordingly, the Capex toward the normal business was ₹517 
million which is in line with our annual guidance.      
We continued to generate strong cash flows during the year, allowing us to return value to our 
shareholders through dividends. The Board recommended a Final Dividend of 30%, as a result 
the cumulative Dividend declared for the year aggregates to 80% which translates to over 34% 
of the Company’s FY16 Consolidated PAT.  
Lastly, as communicated in our previous call, I am happy to inform that we have settled the 
ongoing dispute in relation to patent issue by entering into definitive agreement with Real 
Image. This settlement does not have a material impact on our financials. 
With that, I open the floor to take your questions. 
Moderator:  
The first question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers.        
Pritesh Chheda:  
Out of total Capex of ₹69.5 crore, ₹18 crore was towards Caravan Talkies, where has the 
remaining ₹51 crore been spent? Why was the depreciation flat in FY16? 
Ashish Malushte:  
Capex has two components i.e. spent on VDSPL’s Caravan Talkies and the remaining ₹51 
crore was towards the upgradation of our theatrical network which was in line with our FY16 
Capex guidance of ₹50 crore to ₹60 crore. And we have been guiding the market that we will 
be incurring similar amount of Capex annually towards the replacement and maintenance of 
our network as the number of theaters is stabilizing. 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
While there is an addition of ₹50 crore this year, the gross block of the Company  has been 
built from 2005. Some element of this gross block has gone out and as a result the depreciation 
for FY16 is stable.    
Pritesh Chheda:  
Will the upgradation of theatrical Capex continue at the same pace in the future?  
Kapil Agarwal:  
Yes, because there are equipment which we have been buying since 2005, and these equipment 
has a limited life. We have been proactively upgrading the quality of these equipment. The 
quality of the equipment was very different 10 – 11 years back. Now more robust, stable and 
steady equipment are available. We are doing a planned upgradation of the equipment over the 
next 5 - 7 years and that is exactly where we expect to incur the Capex of ₹50 to 60 crore 
which is very different from the growth Capex incurred two years back.  
Pritesh Chheda:   
Why have the debtor days increased in FY16?  
Kapil Agarwal:  
The last quarter has seen 55% growth in Advertisement Revenues. A lot of debtors have been 
booked in the last quarter. The normal payment cycle for advertisement is 90 days to 120 days,  
there is nothing abnormal. A lot of these debtors have been realized in the month of April.    
Pritesh Chheda:  
Can you quantify the PAT impact for FY17 and FY18 due to sunset and do we have to 
consider lease rental impact as well?  
Ashish Malushte:  
At this stage we have guided on the EBITDA impact. We can further dig up to the PBT level. 
We would have a PBT impact in the range of ₹42 to ₹46 crore by the peak of the sunset i.e. by 
FY20, this impact after factoring in reduction in operating expenses would be about ₹37 to ₹41 
crore i.e. from the level of what we saw in FY15. This means from FY15 to FY20 we are 
likely to lose a PBT of ₹37 to ₹41 crore of which close to ₹3 crore of PBT has already been 
lost in FY16. The remaining impact from FY17 to FY20 is likely to be in the range of ₹34 
crore to ₹38 crore after factoring in reduction in operating expenses.  
Pritesh Chheda:  
Can you break it for FY17 and FY18? 
Ashish Malushte:  
We have a cumulative PBT impact of approximately ₹6 crore to ₹8 crore up to FY17. The 
cumulative impact for FY18 including this ₹6 to ₹8 crore is going to be in the range of ₹18 
crore to ₹21 crore.  
Pritesh Chheda:  
Would the impact in FY18 be ₹7 crore? 
Ashish Malushte:   
No, the incremental impact would be approximately ₹13 to ₹14 crore in FY18.      .  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Mr. Prasad Padala from Investec.  

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Prasad Padala:  
Contribution from Government Advertisement saw a jump from 63% to 67%,  is it because of 
the rate increase or volume?  
Kapil Agarwal:  
Contribution from Government Advertisement in  FY16 has grown by 29% and this is entirely 
because of volume as Government prices for advertisement is same since 2010. 29% is a very 
healthy growth which is in line with the overall growth guidance. Corporate Advertisements 
grew by 37% during FY16.  
Prasad Padala:  
 Is this driven by volumes?  
Kapil Agarwal:  
Government growth has come 100% from volume as there is zero impact of the pricing.  
Prasad Padala:  
Are there any extraordinary gain from that front, like elections?   
Kapil Agarwal:  
There were no elections. The current Government is very active on various fronts on the 
common people programs like the “Jan-Dhan Yojana”, “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan” and more 
such programs are coming up and our medium is  appropriate for reaching the people at large 
all over the country because we have presence in more than 1,900 locations having the deepest 
penetration. Our network is in more than 1,400 cities and towns while multiplexes, maximum 
50 cities and towns. We are the most appropriate medium for the common people program of 
the Government and thus spending by the Government is going up.  
Prasad Padala:  
Why have the advertisement screens declined by 2% Y-o-Y?  
Kapil Agarwal:  
There is no decrease. Because of digitization, most of the screens are getting content and thus 
they are making money.  In this process, a lot of screens are now being renovated; they convert 
into 2 – 3 screens complex from 700 – 1000 seater single screens. This churn of 50 – 60 
screens will keep happening all the time which does not have a significant impact on us. Next 
year you might see a higher number as we are now signing with smaller chains of multiplexes 
for the ad contract.  Thus there will be no significant change in the number of advertising 
screens and will hover between 3,700 and 3,800.  
Prasad Padala:  
Can you briefly discuss the competitive intensity in the market?   
Kapil Agarwal:  
At the high level, almost 90% of the market is between UFO and Real Image. There are other 
fringe players for the other 10%.What we have seen in last 10 years is that, whenever business 
starts doing well few people start disturbing the market and they start throwing everything to 
the market free of cost. They would not charge any rental from the exhibitors, or they will 
charge substantially reduced virtual print fee. These disturbances keep happening all the time. 
We keep losing 50 – 60 screens here, but they go to them only for a short run, then they realize 
that they are not able to service their screens and ultimately come back to us. Unless your 
business model is viable, you will not be able to service the screens. Thus these 50 - 60 screens 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
plus-minus will keep happening that we have seen Y-o-Y but there is no significant impact on 
our overall business.  
Prasad Padala:  
Caravan Talkies’ losses have slightly gone up. What is the future expectation and how do you 
see the business panning out?  
Kapil Agarwal:  
When UFO’s business was growing during 2007-09, we faced many challenges in the market 
in terms of getting the advertising revenue or getting the content. Now Caravan Talkies being a 
new business is going through a very similar cycle. But, that cycle is not going to be long 
because we were new at that time and now we are the market leader. It is just that we grew 
very rapidly, we started the year with 24 vans and took it to 114 vans within 4 – 5 months back 
and then we have stopped investing in that business. Out of 114 vans 91 are operational,  
across 91 districts over 6 states. There will be cash burn because they will have daily expenses 
across these routes. All the routes were not profitable, so we are now stabilizing it by re-
routing the vans, examining all the routes and changing the system of how we announce to get 
people The advertisers are now getting convinced. While we were expecting this business to 
stabilize faster, it did not happen. In H2FY17 this business is expected to stabilize and from 
next year onwards it should start giving us good bottom-line. Q1FY17 is gone and next quarter 
is monsoon season so there will be only negative contribution from this business as there will 
be zero revenue during the monsoon season. This business will restart only in  H2FY17. From 
October to March, it is expected to stabilize and next year onwards it should become a money 
making business.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Varun Joshi from Religare. 
Varun Joshi:  
Can you just throw some more light on UFO Framez, the hyperlocal initiatives and how is that 
panning out and can you give any guidance for FY17? 
Kapil Agarwal:  
Guidance for FY17, we expect to achieve 30% advertisement growth in FY17.  
Framez is nothing but a means of achieving higher utilization and getting a higher effective 
spot rate of advertising. We have divided our ~3,500 advertising screens, scattered across 
1,900 locations and 1,400 cities and towns into more than 600 clusters. One direct sales 
associate (DSA) is being appointed for each cluster. We have already started the DSA 
program. This business was launched in the month of April i.e. last month. Our idea was to 
launch this Framez DSA program towards the end of this year and have effective returns in the 
subsequent year but we preponed it to Q4FY16. It is a completely technology driven business. 
We have end-to-end technology for this business, and now any local DSA should be able to 
upload the advertisements on the screen directly from his computer. It is automated to that 
extent. We also realize that this business cannot run if there is an intervention from our side. 
So we converted this into a prepaid business. This is for hyperlocal advertising like the local 
shop, the local restaurants, local boutiques and it can only be handled hyper locally that is why 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
these DSAs are appointed. We are in the process of appointing DSAs and around 180 – 190 
DSAs have already been appointed. That means these DSAs have already deposited the money 
with us. Now when a DSA is appointed, it is not just appointment, there is a very rigorous 
training program for these DSAs, also they are being given very beautifully designed sales kits 
as they will be representing UFO. They will go from door to door in their region and sell 
advertising. We are taking personal interviews all over the country at our 24 regional offices. 
Those offices have been involved in identifying these DSAs. The most beautiful part is that we 
did not spend a penny in acquiring these DSAs. We just ran a 30 seconds slide with a voice 
over in all our screens and within a week against 600 requirements we got some 10,000 to 
12,000 applications. That showed the effectiveness of our medium as what we can achieve. 
These DSAs will be selling a 10 - 20 seconds spots which cumulatively will add 1.5 – 2 
minutes to our whole advertising once this program stabilizes in next couple of years. I would 
not give you a guidance on this, it being a new program. It will take its own time but it has 
started to generate very moderate revenues in the current quarter. By end of this year, this 
business should also stabilize and start kicking in revenues by next year. 
Varun Joshi:  
Are you charging the DSA ₹50,000  per person per month, what is the number that you guys 
work with on the prepaid side?  
Kapil Agarwal:  
No, it is not ₹50,000 per month. He deposits ₹50,000, then goes and sells the advertisements. 
Whatever advertising on the prefixed rates he sells, that money gets deducted from his deposit 
and once this money ends he has to refill his deposits by whatever sum he wants like ₹5,000 or 
₹10,000. But we have fixed very rigorous targets that if he doesn’t do as much of business say 
in one quarter then we terminate the DSAship because we also want to keep him on hook as 
we are giving him exclusivity in that region.   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Parekh from Reliance Mutual Fund.    
Sanjay Parekh:  
Can we compensate the PBT loss of ₹6 – 8 crore in FY17 and ₹12 – 13 crore in FY18 by the 
Caravan profits in the next two years or it will not be able to compensate entirely? 
Kapil Agarwal:  
That is exactly what the plan is, because we were very conscious from day one that this sunset 
is going to happen, thus it is planned. That is why we are pushing new businesses and Caravan 
Talkies was one of the most important initiatives which will compensate this loss. We believe 
it will compensate; however, Caravan Talkies is running a year behind. We were expecting 
that it to be positive by now but  it is not and that is the reason UFO Framez program was 
advanced and put in pipeline in Q4FY16 so that it will start giving us some revenues this year 
and  can party compensate for PBT losses. Overall we are comfortable to say that we should be 
able to make up these losses though Caravan and enhanced advertising revenues.  

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Sanjay Parekh:  
In 2015 the net working capital excluding cash was negative ₹50 crore and this year it is 
almost flat at zero. Is this net working capital intensity almost flat and can we say that the net 
working capital will remain flat in the future?  
Ashish Malushte:  
Yes, more or less that will be the situation.  
Sanjay Parekh:  
Assuming your cash profit with growth outlook being good and Capex of ₹50 crore, the net 
cash post Capex could be ₹100 to ₹120 crore. Now, you have done a very good job increasing 
the payout but can we also discuss internally subject to the Boards’ approval for further 
increasing the payout?  
Sanjay Gaikwad:  
We do not like to keep cash in the Company if it is of no good use from the growth 
perspective. We will be evaluating all our cash needs and we will get back to you about what 
program we have in mind.  
Kapil Agarwal:  
To sum-up we have given the guidance of at least 25% PAT to be distributed and we have 
distributed close to 35% of the Company’s Consolidated PAT in FY16. And if we include the 
divided distribution tax it goes up to 40% of the PAT.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management.   
Arjun Khanna:  
Will DSAs have to upload a censor certificate along with the Ad?  
Kapil Agarwal:  
Uploading of ad is direct except that there is a censoring of the content in between by our 
regional offices. There are 24 regional offices where we carry out one level of check before the 
advertisement slide is uploaded. Accordingly, the slide lands in the inbox of our Regional 
Manager who has to approve it. The Regional Mangers have been trained and have been given 
comprehensive guidance on what content to be uploaded and what content to be rejected. So, 
any explicit content will be rejected and once they give the approval then it will again be 
uploaded and the money will be deducted from the DSA’s account. There is one only check in 
between to check the content. 
Arjun Khanna: 
What format would they be uploading?  Slide conversion costs roughly ₹4,000 to ₹5,000 for 
JPEG 2000 format and the costs for movies is much higher in terms of conversion. 
Sanjay Gaikwad: 
We give them flexibility to upload any picture format for slide and MP3 or Wave file for 
audio. And finally when it comes on our cloud server, it gets processed into the format which 
our server understands. For the DCI systems where JPEG 2000 is required, we have developed 
a download box or ad blusters at such locations which converts it to JPEG 2000 at the theater 
end level. 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Kapil Agarwal: 
Only slides are allowed under this business and no audio visuals are allowed but a voiceover 
over the slide is permitted. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Do we charge for conversions? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
That is a part of our charges, because we are doing that for our own server. We have given 
flexibility to the market to upload in any format they want. These are not the tech savvy people 
all over the country and we are going to the remotest place.  So, we have developed tools for 
various formats and those tools automatically convert it at the server level. 
Arjun Khanna: 
You were earlier referring to VPF charges by competition being slightly lower; does that mean 
we would not be taking hikes going forward? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
We started at a very low VPF rate at the start of the business. From beginning till 2011-12 we 
have been taking a lot of hikes. We took the price from ₹100 to ₹350 - ₹400. We took one hike 
in 2012, then from 2012 to 2015 we did not take any hike and then in 2015 we took another 
hike.  But these hikes have nothing to do with our competition because we have a network of 
~5,000 screens and those competitors have a network 200 - 300 screens,  and they have very 
low grade screens. That is not what gives us competition, a big distributor or a big producer 
will not ask for that price. They cannot cater to this market. The way we decide our VPF 
charges is not threatened by competition but it is more strategically decided by us because we 
have to strike a fine balance between the VPF that we charge from the distributor and the 
footfalls. If we start charging too much of VPF then he will stop giving the film to lower 
category of theaters, that will drop our footfalls and our advertising revenue will be 
compromised. When we hike the VPF rates, we ensure that the footfalls do not go down from 
the theaters and they do not stop getting the films. So it is guided by this than the competition, 
which is not significant for us.  
Arjun Khanna: 
Can you give any timelines for increasing the VPF rates or currently there is no such plan? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
Currently, we do not have any plan, because we have taken the last hike in 2015 itself. We 
strategically take the call from time to time because our focus is mainly advertising and we do 
not want that business to be compromised as an increase in VPF brings very small revenue but 
lot of negativity in the market. While enhancement of the ad revenue is far greater for us.  
Arjun Khanna: 
 Is 30% hike in advertising for the year ahead, volume driven i.e. 4 mins could move up or do 
we factor in some element of pricing of Government advertising considering DAVP has not 
revised their rates? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
The forecast is purely volumes right now, because we can correct the prices later. Even if the 
Government enhances prices, it does not mean that Government revenue will increase by 30% 
overnight, because the budgets are defined already in the beginning of the year. Higher rates in 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
the Government Advertisements might mean lower minutes utilization but not compromising 
the revenue. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Will Government budgets for advertising on cinema going up will have a greater impact on us 
rather than rates for Government advertising going up given that we have so much inventory? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
Yes, for the current year. But I am not as sure whether there will be a rate hike in the current 
year because we have been campaigning with the Government for last three years and it has 
not happened yet. If the rate increases it will bring higher revenues in the long run.  
Ashish Malushte: 
The focus of the Company has been to ensure that Corporate Advertisement as a vertical starts 
contributing significantly, and that was a strategy which we laid down three years ago. 
Corporate was contributing only 18% in FY12. In FY16, Corporates contributed 48%. Going 
forward our focus clearly is now on the Corporate side and that is clear from the numbers.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Jhaveri from Alder Capital. 
Yash Jhaveri: 
Any comments on Nova Cinema and are we going to incur  any Capex here in FY17?  
Sanjay Gaikwad: 
All are aware that digitization in this country is over, the new screen addition is not happening 
the way it used to when we were in digitization mode. We need to recreate this growth driver 
as the screen density in our country is very low especially in a non-premium demographic 
market which is basically in Tier-II and Tier-III cities where we have major presence and 
which is currently dominated by single screens. Now in this location, the screen density is 
really low and that is where we will have to create a program or create an initiative which is 
primarily a franchise driven initiative where we create standardization and which can create a 
one stop solution for the franchise. To establish that concept in the initial period, we may have 
to setup pilots at 10 – 15 locations and for which we have to do Capex. Post this pilots, the 
business model of Nova does not require any investment. All the investment would be done by 
the franchises.  
Yash Jhaveri: 
Can you quantify the Capex for these 10 or 15 pilots? 
Sanjay Gaikwad: 
₹12 to ₹15 crore. 
  
Yash Jhaveri: 
Are you going to increase the number of vans to 300 in FY17 for Caravan Talkies? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
No. We have reached to 114 vans four months back and we have stopped the Capex there. 
First, we intend to stabilize these vans, get profitable routes, deploy them profitably on the 
correct routes, stabilize this business and then only do further Capex. I cannot give guidance 
when that will happen, because it looks unlikely to have any further Capex during the current 
year. But if we stabilize the business by December and if it starts becoming profitable by that 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
time then we will take a strategic call to invest further. But till it doesn’t stabilize we are not 
doing any further Capex. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Mathur from Citigroup. 
Aditya Mathur: 
Ad revenue sharing to exhibitors have come down for FY16, was there an impact of  minimum 
guarantee that is given to the screens, can we see some leverage on this line item? And on your 
agreement with Real Image, while you guys mentioned that the financial impact is small, could 
you throw some more color in terms of what the agreement is and how does it work? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
It is a co-existence agreement between UFO and Real Image where certain payments are going 
to be made. It is bound by confidentiality so I cannot disclose the numbers on the call. 
However, all I can say is, it is into Lakhs and not even a Crore, as simple as that we are not 
paying ₹3 or ₹5 crore or the Company's fortune is being shifted to Real Image, it is not even a 
Crore.  
Ashish Malushte: 
On the question of sharing being done with the theaters, which is a contractual sharing of the 
advertisement revenue and we have been pointing out that there is an operating leverage 
opportunity here. This year the sharing on an annual basis has come down to 30.66% from 
previous year's numbers of 33.84%, so about 318 basis points improvement in FY16 itself. 
And before that year, it was in the range of 37% to 38%. There has been a steady increase in 
this benefit which is in the form of a reduction in the percentage of sharing and that would 
continue to happen as our advertisement revenue keeps going up. We are estimating that when 
we reach around ₹280 to ₹300 crore level, this will plateau at around 26 – 27% level.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from IDBI Capital. 
Urmil Shah: 
From a 3 - 5 year horizon, what is the kind of mix should we expect with regards to ad revenue 
amongst the Corporate, Government and Framez? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
I would rather call it Corporate and Government instead of calling it Corporate, Government 
and Framez, because Framez is part of the overall Corporate strategy. Our focus is majorly on 
the enterprise sale which is Corporate advertising. Corporate includes large Corporate, retail, 
state level players, local players, trailer business and Framez. There are multiple verticals 
within that for which there are different teams to handle the same. Overall, Corporate has 
grown from ₹7 crore, 4 years back to ₹72 crore this year which means there is an improvement 
in contribution from 18% to 48%. This will keep growing and probably should stabilize in the 
long-run at two-third of the overall revenue. 
Sanjay Gaikwad: 
We are very bullish on UFO Framez. In 4 - 5 years of horizon, one-third would be 
Government, one-third would be Corporate and one-third would be Framez which is 
hyperlocal advertising of the total ad revenue.  

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Kapil Agarwal: 
As a result, two-third will be Corporate. 
Urmil Shah: 
Does the advertisement revenue shared with the theaters change in case of revenue from 
Framez? 
Ashish Maluste: 
It does not change. 
Kapil Agarwal: 
Yes, it is part of the overall ad revenue, as far as the theater owner is concerned, for him 
advertisement from UFO is advertisement without looking at the segment from which it is 
coming.  
Urmil Shah: 
We have been communicating that eventually the advertisement revenue share will be higher 
than the lease income that the theater owners pay, when should we expect that to happen? 
Ashish Maluste: 
Advertisement revenue per screen, on an annual basis has moved from ₹3.16 lakh to ₹4.1 lakh 
for FY16. Here at this stage, about 25% is in excess of ₹1 lakh, if I take this as a global 
average against our rental average of ₹12,500 per month, this is currently giving back close to 
70% of the rental that we are charging. Another 40% growth from the current level of 
advertisement revenue should see us in a situation where we will start giving more revenue 
back to the theater. In fact, while I mention this, there are many theaters who have already 
crossed that limit because their contribution is more in advertisement revenue or because their 
rental is less than average of ₹12,500. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Kothari from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
When you are giving guidance of 29% to 30% ad growth over next two years, how do you see 
overall cost and margins panning out? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
There are three costs involved in acquiring advertisement; one is revenue share with the 
theater, which should ultimately stabilize in the range of 26% to 27%. Then there is cost of 
acquisition which is agency commission that we pay and it is a variable cost in the range of 
around 8%. 26% plus 8%, will add up to 34% - 35%. Then there is a direct manpower cost and 
the incentives to the ad sales team, which will be around 7% to 8%. Broadly, 55% to 60% of 
all the new ad revenue will be going to the bottom-line, straight EBITDA and PBT 
contribution. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Where do we stand currently in terms of theater revenue share? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
Theater revenue share is 30.6% currently. The acquisition cost is around 8% and the manpower 
cost and incentives is around 10%, which is around 49%. The contribution is 51% and going 
forward as our revenue enhances, it should go close to 60%, from 51%. That gives you 
tremendous operating leverage. 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Why you are expecting the theater share  to reduce from 30.1% to 26% - 27%? 
Sanjay Gaikwad: 
The current 30.1% is because we have given certain minimum guarantees to theaters for 
advertisement revenue. The contractual arrangement with the theater is 25% in the non-south 
market and 10% in the south market. The weighted average is around 20% - 22% which we 
feel will settle to about 26% because of the MG effect. As your advertisement revenue starts 
growing, your MG related increase in ad revenue share will keep coming down.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bijal Shah from India Infoline. 
Bijal Shah: 
What explains this sharp variability in growth of advertising income because your advertising 
income grew by 88% in Q1FY16, then it grew by 8%, then 15% and now it is 55%? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
Unlike any other business, our business is very unique and we have been guiding the market 
quarter-on-quarter to look at us on an annual bases. Our growth for Q1FY16 was around 88% 
and Q3 15% i.e, our growth in 9MFY16 was 28%, so we had to grow 55% to be able to 
achieve our guidance of 35%. All investors during the Q3 were very worried that how we 
would achieve 55%. During Q3FY16 Government revenue showed a flat growth of 0.2% and 
the Corporate revenue grew by 25% giving us an average of 15%. I have been guiding the 
market that, the pattern of advertising of advertisers keeps varying from quarter-to-quarter, for 
example, the Government ad revenue in Q1 is very low and Q4 is very high because they have 
to finish all their budgets. On the contrary Q3 & Q4 are the heaviest sector for Corporate 
sector, it being the festive season. From Eid to Diwali to Christmas, maximum number of 
Corporate advertisers wants to push their products. But Corporate sector in the last quarter is 
not that high. For Q3FY16, the growth for Government advertising was 0.2%, while in Q4 the 
growth was 65%, it keeps varying. The advertising patterns also get affected by the external 
events, for example if there is an IPL or World Cup event, then all the money goes into cricket. 
Therefore we have been painfully giving the guidance to the market which I hope the market 
will appreciate now to look at our advertising business as an annual business and not on a 
quarterly basis. Even this 30% for future that we are talking about is to be looked annually and 
not quarterly. Advertising also gets affected by the kind of films which releases in each 
quarter. Any blockbuster release in a quarter will see more advertising by Corporates and vise-
versa. All these external factors are not in our control. But as we have seen for five years, we 
have grown 44% on an average.  
Bijal Shah: 
Will the volatile growth of advertising income change which is swinging from one end to 
another end on a quarter-to-quarter basis once the base of your advertising income grows? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
When you go to a very large Corporate advertiser who is going to spend a ₹5 crore on a 
campaign, he thinks that he knows which movie will work well, so he wants to do a Shah 
Rukh Khan movie or Amir Khan movie, thus they tend to capture large movies. That is where 
the pattern differs. When you are going for the hyper local advertising, there are two initiatives 

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
that we take. One kind of Framez which is not going to be too much affected by the film, so 
there will be reduction in volatility, although it will not go away. Second, we are also now 
tending to give concession to large corporates but sign long-term contracts like a six-month 
contract or a one year contract at a lower price. Then week-on-week our advertising revenue 
will be underwritten irrespective of the large movies coming or not. Volatility will go down 
but it would not get eliminated.  
Bijal Shah: 
I understand that VPF is not our focus area but it seems that for advertising revenue we need to 
think of footfall and if we increase VPF then some of the screens at the bottom end may go 
away. Is there any way in which our VPF revenue can be linked to the theater’s collection 
rather than being absolutely same for localities, probably for Mumbai as well as for very small 
towns? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
We have thought of all of this and we have stabilized our model that instead of doing that, 
having a per show charge is best for us and that is primarily because of the unreliability of the 
box office collection which is declared by the cinema owners. Those numbers are not reliable. 
The moment you link their revenue, and if there is an under-declaration by n-number of 
theaters, your revenue will also get compromised. That is why we have decided not to link our 
shares, however we are absolutely open, if tomorrow, we see that there is reliability in the box 
office numbers and the collection numbers are truthfully declared and the credibility is there, 
we will be happy to link .  
Bijal Shah: 
Can we have a different rate for Bombay and say one small town in UP? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
We have created that distinction from the perspective of earning potential of the various kinds 
of theaters. There are screens which are called DCI screens where PVR, Inox, and all major 
multiplex chains use the Hollywood technology where fixed rates are charged per location. 
These are top screens where our revenue is highest. We have given the average revenue per 
screen for D-Cinema and average revenue per screen E-Cinema and that revenue is widely 
different. D-Cinema revenue is almost double. We have already achieved that by way of 
creating that distinction. In smaller locations there are two kinds of movie goers, regional and 
another is the mainstream movie goers. Theaters are categorized like who play only Bhojpuri 
or Bengali movies. For regional language movies, we have a different rate card which is lower 
than mainstream movies, so they automatically get that concession. From the mainstream 
theaters, even at smaller places as they make a lot of money from mainstream movies our rate 
card is different. For the south market, there is a fourth rate card. There are multiple rate cards 
which actually take this sensitivity into accounts and which has grown and developed over a 
period of last 10 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Vikas Mantri from ICICI Securities.  

 
UFO Moviez India Limited 
May 27, 2016 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Vikas Mantri: 
Given that the model is well established and the single screens cannot do away without you or 
Real Image, why can’t they start investing in their equipment because that will also keep up 
seeing some technological advancement and therefore we become more Capex light. Any 
thoughts on that strategy? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
They are welcome to invest in their own Capex and people have attempted to do so. Just 
imagine that I buy 1,000 projectors from a manufacturer and a theater himself has to buy one 
projector at three times the cost. 
Vikas Mantri: 
Can you not procure and sell it to them? So, we do not have any asset on our books and we sell 
it to them at cost, then the advantage will also be there? 
Kapil Agarwal: 
We are happy keeping the cost on our books because the dependence of the theater is on us. 
The moment he moves away from us he has to do that Capex or somebody else has to do that 
Capex. Investing that money also ensures the quality of screening in the cinema is maintained, 
because we maintain that equipment at a very high level as we own the equipment and we 
replace it when the life of the equipment ends which the theater owners might not do. There 
are lot of variables associated to it. Today, we are a debt free company despite doing all the 
Capex. This gives us the strength to continue our association with the exhibitors. Whatever 
investment has to go is already gone,  and now it is  just ₹50 to ₹60 crore replacement Capex 
annually, which is for our own equipment.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal for his closing comments. 
Ankur Periwal: 
I would like to thank the management of UFO Movies and all the participants for their 
participation in the call. Thank you and look forward to host you next time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
