APAR INDUSTRIES LTD.
@RFOQAIE OFFICE :
APAR HOUSE. CORPORATE PAR(
SION IROMMY ROAD, CHEMBUR,
MUMBAI , 4OO O7I, INDIA
r : (+91) (221 2526 3400 i 6780 0400
t : l+911122) 2524 6326
E i coporote@qporcom
un r wwwqpof.com
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
"Exchange Plaza",
C-1, Block G,
Bandra- Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051.
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS
Kind Attn.: The Manaqer. Listinq Dept.
BSE Ltd.
Corporate Relationship Department,
27'n Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Fort,
Mumbai - 400 001.
Scrip Code : 532259
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Dept.
sEc/ 3006/2016
30th June, 2016
Sub. : Submission of lnvestors Con call Transcript - for e4 Fy 2015-16
Dear Sir,
We are sending herewith transcript of Apar Industries Ltd. Q4 & Fy 2015-16 Earnings
Conference Call made on Mav 26.2016.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
FOR APAR INDUSTRIES LTD.
(SANJAYA KUNDER)
COMPANY SECRETARY
Encl. : As above
REGD. OfFICE | 301/306. PANORAMA COMPI-EX, R. C. DUn ROAD, VADODARA - 390007. tNDtA
T : (+91) (265) 2323f75|2323176|2322798.F|{+91)(265)2330309.EIoporborodq@opor.com!u:wwwopor.com
CIN I L9l I l0GJ1989PtC0l2802

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Apar Industries Limited 
Apar Industries Limited Q4 & FY16 Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2016 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Apar Industries Limited Q4 & FY16 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Four-S Services. As a reminder for the duration of this 
conference all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s presentation. If you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Nisha Kakran of Four-S Services. Thank 
you and over to you, ma’am. 
Nisha Kakran: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone on behalf of Four-S Services I welcome all the 
participant to Apar Industries Q4 and FY16 Results Conference Call. Today, on the conference 
call we have Mr. Kushal Desai Managing Director, Mr. Chaitanya Desai Managing Director and 
Mr. V.C Diwadkar CFO Apar Industries. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Desai. 
Over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: 
Thank you Nisha. Good day everyone and a warm welcome to a Q4 and FY16 Earnings 
Conference Call. I would like to begin with some of the key operational and financial 
highlights for the year and then talk a little bit about our growth strategy and post that we 
can throw the floor open for questions. Through this financial year 2016, we still saw quite a 
few challenges on the ground in the power sector and even some of the other businesses 
including our auto lubricants etc. However, it has been a very important year with some path 
breaking initiatives that were announced by the central government and this should certainly 
provide a boost to the demand in the power sector. Especially the most transformative Uday 
scheme, has already garnered a response from 10 states and bonds worth Rs 98,960 crores 
has already been raised. We also expect some more actions to come further in the year. 
Given the fact that the power ministry has floated a cabinet note to extend the deadline for 
the scheme. So couple of states which should have actually come on to Uday but haven’t, 
now have the opportunity to actually sign up. Power Grid Corporation of India has also 
indicated that its normal CAPEX which is Rs 22,500 crores a year may be increased. We have 
also seen the operationalization of the ultra-high voltage 1200KV national test station at Bina 
in Madhya Pradesh and a couple of transformer companies whose transformer have been 
used actually carry our transformer oil in it. There is also positive indicator in terms of the 
coal production from coal India and a growth rate in production of coal which is at about 536 
million tons, which augurs well finally for the availability to power plants and major users. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
Our sense is that the future augurs well and the year witnessed slow progress on the ground, 
but there is a lot of pent up demand that is likely to come through the implementation of 
these schemes and we are already starting to see some movement on the ground in terms of 
tenders actually being floated. It is still open to the jury in terms of which quarter we will see 
the revenues actually coming in to our business, but as you look into the future, the future 
definitely looks brighter than it has been so far. Despite some of these challenges which were 
on the ground, our financial numbers have been reasonably strong for the year. We have 
achieved the highest volume ever in all our three businesses i.e. maximum sale of specialty oil 
products, highest shipment of conductors and also the highest volumes of cables that the 
company has ever done. In FY16, the company posted a consolidated revenue of about Rs 
5,080 crores compared to about Rs 5,122 crores in FY15. The marginal decline is essentially 
from the specialty oils side in terms of value, given the fact that crude prices have fallen so 
significantly. This was partially offset because the cable segment grew by about 20% and 
there was a strong growth even on the conductor side. Further there has been improvement 
in a margin profile where the EBITDA margin has increased by 226 basis points to reach about 
7.2% in the financial year from 5% in the previous year. 
Profit after tax excluding the treasury gains that we had on the sale of treasury share of Rs 43 
crores is at Rs 120 crores, so that is up by about 142% over the period previous year. In Q4 
FY16 our consolidated revenue that we delivered was Rs 1,347 crores compared to Rs 1,354 
crores in the same period last year. The EBITDA grew by 111% and the profit after tax for the 
quarter grew by 332%. This growth in EBITDA and profit after tax needs to be seen in the 
context of some of the inventory losses which we picked up in the oil business in FY15 that 
subdued the number in that period. Whereas fortunately through FY16, we were able to 
manage the fluctuation in oil prices and currencies fairly well through the year. The EBITDA 
Margin came in at about 7% for the quarter and the profit after tax was at almost 3%. I would 
now like to actually run through some of the segments wise performance. In our conductor 
business, we reported a revenue of Rs 2,550 crores in FY16 which is up 10% from the previous 
year even though the prices of aluminum and steel have fallen substantially. Exports 
contributed 40% of our revenues, despite challenges in many parts of the world especially 
from commodity driven economies. Volume through the year grew by 13% to reach a 
170,000 metric tons compared to about a 150,000 metric tons in the previous year. The 
EBITDA for metric ton post forex adjustments came in at Rs 7,600 per ton. This is in spite of 
the first half having legacy orders which were at relatively lower margins. So you will see a 
gradual increase in the EBITDA per ton in the conductor business as we had provided in our 
guidance. 
Volumes for the quarter grew by 18% to reach about 50,165 tons for the quarter and this is 
the highest sales that we ever had in a quarter. The EBITDA per metric ton post forex 
adjustment for the quarter grew to about Rs 9,700 per ton compared to Rs 4,700 in the same 
period in the previous year. This was actually helped by the preponement of some of the 

 
Page 3 of 17 
profitable orders that we had from Power Grid, which not only helped us with higher sales 
volume, but also with better profitability for the quarter. The segments order book stands at 
about Rs 1,751 crores which translates to about 140,000 metric ton worth of conductors and 
of this the export contribution is approximately 30%. 
One of the highlights is been that the company has been actively growing its presence in the 
high efficiency conductor segment and the revenues for this segment came in at about 6.2% 
of the overall conductor revenues compared to 1.1% in the previous year. We have received 
orders worth little under Rs 300 crores for this conductors during the year and we have also 
successfully completed the longest transmission line with re-conductoring work till date of 
ACCC which is gold standard in terms of high efficiency conductors for the Orissa power 
transmission company, that project was completed in FY16. Several other significant 
installation work of ACCC for Torrent power in Gujarat and many other projects are also 
completed in the year. If we now move to the transformer oil side, the revenues for the year 
came in at Rs 1,841 crores which was lower than the previous year because of the falling 
crude prices. However, we posted a 2.6% growth in aggregate volume and this volume is the 
highest sales volume that we had till date. Growth has actually come really from our 
automotive lubricants, rubber process oil and industrial oils. The EBITDA for KL after forex 
adjustment for the year increased quite significantly from Rs 2,700 to Rs 5,400, so it is almost 
doubling of the EBITDA and this can be attributed to a sale of richer mix of products and 
primarily from lower raw material cost, particularly our industrial and automotive businesses 
delivered the highest EBITDA that they have for a long time. Given the fact that we were able 
to hold on to some of the selling prices, even though raw material cost were lower. If we now 
look at the Q4 FY16, the revenue came at Rs 437 crores versus Rs 505 crores. However, we 
posted a 3% growth in aggregate volume period-on-period reaching approximately 89,000 KL 
in the quarter compared to 86,000 KL in the previous period. The EBITDA for KL post forex 
adjustment came in at about Rs 4,561 per KL compared to Rs 3,048 per KL a year ago. 
During this year, as I mentioned we also made the first set of supplies to HVDC transmission 
projects of 800 KV executed by Power Grid. This oil has gone into transformers delivered by 
Alstom in the Champa Kurukshetra line and our oil as I mentioned earlier has been used in 
transformers of couple of manufactures, where the commissioning has happened of the 1200 
KV AC Transformers in the test station setup by Power Grid in Bina. We have also completed 
successfully supplying over 20 million liters of transformer oil into the 765 KV AC segment and 
also been able to now present data to power grid and other users of over 3 years of 
performance in actual live transformers which puts us in a fairly advantageous position in 
terms of being able to present our credentials. 
If we look at the automotive lube segment, volumes were up by only 2.9% which was 
essentially due to a sharp drop in the rural sector and rural demands, particularly from the 
agricultural portion of the business, but as we launch new products and increased 
distribution we still ended up having a positive volume sales number. As I mentioned earlier, 

 
Page 4 of 17 
the profitability in the segment was higher due to an improved product mix and lower raw 
material cost. We were fairly disciplined in terms of our pricing that enabled us to hold on to 
pricing relative to raw material cost situation. The company continues to implement its 
strategy of expanding distribution. Based on data from the Society of Indian Automotive 
Manufacturers there is a positive forecast for this year in terms of growth where passenger 
vehicle sales is expected to grow between 6% and 8%. This of course is contingent on a good 
monsoon taking place which hopefully the law of averages should catch up and if that 
monsoon does takes place then well the expectation of the auto segment growth will be 
relatively good and will also have a rub off effect on our industrial oil sales as well as rubber 
process oil sales. 
If we now come to the cable business, the cable business has delivered a reasonably good 
growth where we have grown by 20% in value terms please keep in mind that aluminum, 
copper and polymer prices were sharply down in FY16 over FY15. So the amount of  tonnage 
which we processed is far more than a 20% growth. The revenue has really come from 
elastomeric and E-Beam cables which delivered a growth of about 68% and the power cable 
segment which delivered a growth of about 24%. The EBITDA margin post forex adjustment 
increased by 20 basis points from 5.5% to about 5.7%. This is after actually taking advantage 
of cleaning up a lot of the old issues that we had in terms of various contract and project 
executions in the cables segment over the year. A few of which were legacy issues that we 
inherited when we took over the business 5 years ago. All these provisions put together come 
to approximately Rs 5 crores, which have been factored into the cable business numbers and 
affected the EBITDA Margin by almost 0.8%. If you factor that in EBITDA Margin would have 
been actually 6.5% for FY16. The outlook that we have remains positive as we expect the 
domestic scenario to improve for all our businesses. There are clear signs of eminent 
improvement in demands if these schemes announced by the government actually result in 
the tenders of the sizes that are being indicated. 
Our sense is that by the time these tenders are really awarded and business flow comes into 
our products which are little bit later than the CAPEX cycle it will happen only in the second 
half of this year. On the export side, we are seeing more challenges relative to domestic sides 
since many of our target countries for export are actually cash strapped due to the lower 
commodity prices. So clearly, the strategy is to focus more on the domestic market across all 
the product line, though we will maintain our presence on the export side. Anticipating these 
increased demand, we have further embarked upon a capacity expansion plan. The plant 
which is being set up in Jharsuguda with a capacity of 30,000 metric tons per annum of 
conductors is likely to be commissioned – in the Q3FY17 we are targeting a timeframe of 
October, 2017 if everything goes well. The specialty oil plant which is being built in Sharjah, 
UAE through our subsidiary of a 100,000 KL is also expected to be commissioned in the 
August, September time frame, subject to all the local approvals being obtained. We are also 
increasing our power cable capacity where we will be able to increase not only the volumes, 

 
Page 5 of 17 
but also be able to take the range up to 66 KV towards the end of this financial year. If you 
add the CAPEX number over here then a total of about Rs 140 crores of CAPEX will be spend 
between FY16 and FY18 on these projects domestically and approximately a Rs 100 crores 
which is $15.5 million on the plant which is being built in Sharjah. All in all even though things 
look at the moment little bit slowly on the ground there seems clearly eminent improvement 
in demand likely to come and we are quite optimistic that if these demands does come 
through then Apar as a company is very well positioned to take advantage of this scenario. 
With this I come to the end of my comments I would like to thank all of you for taking out 
time to attend this Earnings Call of us and we would be happy to take any questions if there 
are any at this stage. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aditya Wagle from Aequitas, please go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Could you just repeat volumes for Q4 in conductors?  
Kushal Desai: 
In conductors we did approximately 50,000 metric tons. 
Aditya: 
In conductors and specialty, do you see the margin sustainable going forward, the margins 
which you did, the EBITDA for metric ton and EBITDA per Kiloliter which you did in Q4. 
Kushal Desai: 
On the conductor side, the guidance which we have is to do between Rs 8,000 and Rs 8,500 
per ton. So the Q4 margins were little bit higher it came at almost Rs 9,700 per ton, some of 
that was from more profitable orders that got actually preponed, but we have a reasonably 
strong confidence that we should be between this Rs 8,000 and Rs 8,500 per ton basis. As far 
as our oil is concerned, the Q4 numbers and our guidance for the next year are almost similar 
where we are guiding an EBITDA between Rs 4,000 and Rs 4,500 per KL but on a higher sales 
number. Our target is to do about 9% to 10% increased sales volume. 
Aditya: 
The legacy orders in the cable segment the provisioning, has it all been done or will it 
continue? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yeah, we have actually provided for almost pretty much everything that is there. So the slate 
is relatively clean. Some of these were actually also pertaining to commitments which had to 
fulfilled on export obligations and things which were not done by the erstwhile management. 
All those things have been sort of factored in and then cleaned up in this period. 
Aditya: 
What is the current order book in the conductor segment? 
Kushal Desai: 
Approximately it comes to 140,000 metric tons which is at Rs 1,751 crores of order book, 
approximately is that much in quantity. 
Aditya: 
Fine sir. That is it. 

 
Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: 
We have the next question is from the line of Sandeep Baid from Quest Investment, please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep: 
Congratulation on a very good set of numbers. The last call you had mentioned that the oil 
business we may take some inventory hit, so that has not come and, we have been able to 
manage that? 
Kushal Desai: 
The bulk of inventory hit was taken in Q3 and Q4 of the last financial year and then whatever 
little residue was left over was compensated by lower raw material cost and a few orders that 
slipped in from the previous year into this financial year. So as a consequence, you will see 
the EBITDA per KL being higher for the first half because of the spillover of higher price order 
into the financial year, but everything has been factored into these numbers. We are not 
really carrying forward anything. 
Sandeep: 
So the numbers we delivered in Q4 is what we think will sustain going forward. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yeah, that is pretty much what we feel. 
Sandeep: 
On the conductor side, we have delivered 1,70,000 tons while our capacity is about 1,50,000 
ton. Has there been some outsourcing also involved in? 
Kushal Desai: 
There has been some outsourcing involved and in some cases even the mix of conductor that 
were there which were favorable. It allowed higher output because the capacity is taken 
actually for the certain standard weighted average combination of conductors that are 
manufactured. However there was a component of outsourcing involved where the contract 
allowed us to some amount of outsourcing and this was primarily done because certain 
clients suddenly wanted faster delivery especially when power grid needed to do faster 
deliveries in the Q4, some of the other client’s conductors were then outsourced. 
Sandeep: 
I assumed that your margins on the outsourcing will be slightly lower 
Kushal Desai: 
The margins on outsourcing are substantially lower, so actually that drags the total number 
down. 
Sandeep: 
My last question is on your Rs 9,700 margin on conductor side in Q4, what was the share of 
high efficiency conductor that got executed in Q4? 
Kushal Desai: 
In that particular quarter, it was over 10%. For the whole year, the number came in at 6.2%, 
but in the Q4, it was over 10% and that has actually yielded a higher EBITDA per ton for that 
particular quarter whereas the guidance which we have for the next year takes more even 
loading of these high temperature conductors. 
Sandeep: 
I think of your order book about 6.5% or 7% you are saying is high efficiency conductor. 

 
Page 7 of 17 
Kushal Desai: 
At the moment, the high efficiency conductor order book is about Rs 300 crores out of a total 
order book of about Rs 1,750 crores. 
Sandeep: 
Total that is about closer to 17% or 18%. 
Kushal Desai: 
Sorry, it is Rs 225 crores on a segment order book of about Rs 1,750 crores. 
Sandeep; 
That is about 12%. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yeah. 
Sandeep: 
Till 13%. 
Kushal Desai: 
Guidance is that we should be able to do about 10% of high efficiency conductor next year 
given whatever the delivery schedules are for these orders. 
Sandeep: 
Similar to what you did in Q4. 
Kushal Desai: 
Similar to what we did in Q4. 
Sandeep: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Divyata Dalal from Systematix Shares, please go ahead. 
Divyata Dalal: 
Good afternoon sir congratulations on a very good set of number. We wanted your view on 
the volumes in the conductor business, how will it sustain going ahead for next 2 years, what 
is our view on the volume growth? 
Kushal Desai: 
During FY17, we expect the volume to be approximately between 150,000 to 170,000 tons 
and there are two major factors for that. One is that when this Jharsuguda plants comes up 
which is around the October timeframe, certain equipments will be moved into that location, 
so there will be a short-term disruption for a couple of months that takes place due to the 
and then the usual commissioning issues. However, as a high temperature conductor 
business goes up, the total amount of conductor that we can run on the same sort of 
equipments goes down because of the significantly larger amount of processing time, but 
then the mix of the product changes much more favorably. Our focus for FY17 really is to look 
at delivering a similar volume number as a previous year may be marginally less, but with a 
much better product mix as we expect the high temperature conductor demand to be at 
about 10% to even may be 12% depending on if any new tenders get finalized in the year, a 
30,000-ton capacity increase you will see which will be fully effective in FY18. So the FY18 
name plate capacity will go to 180,000 ton. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
Divyata Dalal: 
In the presentation, we have mentioned that we are facing some competition in conventional 
conductors? 
Kushal Desai: 
In the conventional conductors side as the tenders are coming up and all of it comes really on 
a reverse auction basis, there is a lot of pressure the whole system is actually margin deflating 
because everything is on reverse auction basis including EPC contract which are awarded 
after this, many companies are following on a reverse auction basis. So as a consequence, we 
see that there is a certain amount of pressure which will come on conventional conductors 
which can be delivered by a larger numbers of players and the overall weighted average mix 
will improve with us growing the high temperature or the high efficiency conductor business. 
This seems like the way the market is going to operate in a next couple of years, the only 
trigger point that may change this is when everybody order books start getting filled up and 
sense is that as the demand increases in the second half of this year and into FY18 even the 
regular conductors may see a general improvement taking place in the EBITDA per ton basis. 
Divyata Dalal: 
In terms of volume and the cables business what is the contribution of elastomeric and OFC 
cables to total sales for the full year? 
Kushal Desai: 
The elastomeric and optical fiber business was approximately about Rs 350 crores out of the 
Rs 672 crore, so it is about 55% of the revenues. That mix will partially change the next year 
because we do expect the elastomeric business to grow, but on the other hand the fiber optic 
side there is nothing happening on that front and our expectation is to grow the power cable 
side of the business. All these IPDS and the Uday scheme already the company has received 
about Rs 50 crores worth of orders from the first set of tenders that have come up under 
Deen Dayal Yojna. Cable side actually you should see also some amount of increased activity 
from the Deen Dayal Yojna as well as the IPDS. The IPDS is more for the 33kv and higher 
voltage and Deen Dayal is actually focused around distribution transformers and the lower 
voltage cables and conductors. 
Divyata Dalal: 
In terms of growth numbers for cables for next 2 years or 3 years our focus will clearly be on 
elastomeric and power cables. 
Kushal Desai: 
The elastomeric cable growth is driven by three segments. One is growth in the business from 
the Indian railway, second one is projects coming up from defense where we are seeing a 
there is increased number of tenders which will be floated and then the non-conventional 
energy side which is wind and solar. So all of these segment we see growth taking place. So 
the elastomeric side will definitely grow over the next 2 years, clear visibility on that and the 
power cable side is essentially as I mentioned earlier coming through the Uday related 
schemes. 
Divyata Dalal: 
We can assume 15% to 20% growth similar to what we did in FY16? 

 
Page 9 of 17 
Kushal Desai: 
Our next year target is basically a 15% growth in the cable business. Our budget is at about 
less than Rs 800 crores. 
Divyata Dalal: 
Lastly, in terms of CAPEX, you mentioned Rs 140 crores in the domestic market, so this 
around Rs 35 crores or 40 crores would be for the Jharsuguda plant I assume. 
Kushal Desai: 
The breakup of that actually is, about Rs 30 odd crores in the Jharsuguda Plant and there is 
also certain CAPEX which we are incurring in our conductor facility at Silvassa. In addition to 
that about Rs 45 crores will go into the cable side for expanding or debottlenecking some of 
the elastomeric cables as well as putting all these new manufacturing capacity in place for the 
power cable side. The oil business on a domestic is below Rs 20 crores. 
V C Diwadkar: 
Out of this Rs 140 crores, Rs 32 crores is already incurred actually. It is sitting in CWIP, but you 
will see assets equivalent to Rs 140 crores getting commissioned. 
Divyata Dalal: 
This will be over a period of next 2 years. 
Kushal Desai: 
FY17 and may be a slight spillover into the early part of FY18. This is all being timed in line 
with bigger increase in demand which we expect in FY18 which will emanate from all these 
schemes actually start getting operational. 
Divyata Dalal: 
And the funding for these would be through internal accruals and may be some? 
Kushal Desai: 
Through internal accruals and then of course there were some Rs 71 crores raised last year 
through the placement of treasury stock. So between those two we should be able to fund 
these expansions. 
Divyata Dalal: 
What would be the average cost of debt? 
V C Diwadkar 
Average cost of debt will be basically close to around 7.5% something. 
Divyata Dalal: 
All right. That is it from my side. All the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Girish Raj from Quest Investment, please go 
ahead. 
Girish Raj: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand at what point of time we will have 
to communicate to the customers in the conductor segment that we would be supplying an 
outsourced product? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Most of the times we don’t need to do the outsourcing, but at times when the client is asking 
for preponement especially on the export business at that time we told the party that we 
would be able to supply after a couple of months, but since the party wanted the earlier 

 
Page 10 of 17 
supply, we told them the other alternatives to get it outsourced which they agreed and there 
were some cost consideration towards that also. Generally, most of these tenders are EPC 
related contract, so there is nothing that debar outsourcing as long as you stick to the quality 
and the specification of the product. However, in most cases our policies is to be very 
transparent and so we carry the customers and keep them in the loop in terms of every stage 
of what is going on. Our preference is not to do any outsourcing for two reasons one is that it 
preserves the better margin in the company and secondly obviously we believe that we make 
the best conductors in the country and we have more control over the quality if it is made in-
house. So that route is not really taken by us unless we are pushed against the wall or the 
client really desperately needs it to meet certain delivery commitment. 
Girish Raj: 
If there was order book for FY17, why can’t we source the conductors since we are keeping 
the volume? 
Kushal Desai: 
Our preference is not to do that because as we stated earlier it is really marginal dilutive and 
if we are able to time it such that we can accommodate the manufacture within Apar itself 
then we deliver not only a better margin to ourselves, but our clients are also happier with a 
better quality product going out to them. Our strategy that we get into FY17 is to actually 
avoid that. 
Girish Raj: 
Got your point, sir. Thanks for the explanation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pawan Nahar from Religare, please go ahead. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Good afternoon gentlemen and congratulations for good results. I am sorry I missed the first 
part, so I just wanted to ask you volume in EBITDA guidance for the two segments mainly oil 
and conductors? 
V C Diwadkar: 
As far as conductor is concerned we are targeting volume close to last year, something less 
than 170,000 actually. We have done 170,000 and the EBITDA guidance between Rs 8,000 
and 8,500 per ton. As far as oil is concerned we are targeting close to 9% to 9.5% growth in 
volume and EBITDA guidance, is Rs 4,000 to 4,500 per KL. 
Pawan Nahar: 
This seems to be lower than what we have done in the past and what we think is normal. If I 
would look at 7 year average I am looking at sheets your EBITDA per KL is more like Rs 4,500 
and in the past you have told us the band is more like it can go to Rs 5,500 to 6,000 any big 
change that has happened. 
Kushal Desai: 
No, there is no big change Pawan. If you basically look at the last financial year, we did have 
better margins in the first half of the financial year and that really came from lower raw 
material cost versus orders that are actually spilled over from the previous period and 
particularly in the case of our industrial and automotive products some of the lower raw 

 
Page 11 of 17 
material cost we were able to hold on to in the form of increased margins by holding on to 
prices. Given the fact that the scenario this year is reversed where you know you are seeing 
steady increase in the price of crude and as a consequence the steady increase in the price of 
base oils you will not have that additional kicker coming in. We expect that the margins will 
go more to a normal situation and there are bound to be some price leakages as you have to 
keep increasing prices, so considering all that on a weighted average basis guidance should be 
in between Rs 4,000 and 4,500 KL. Also we are keeping in mind that you know there is growth 
of about 9% to 9.5% which Mr. Diwadkar just mentioned. A portion of that is going to be led 
from the transformers oil side and we expect that demands for transformers oil will be higher 
in the distribution segment where you have particularly the spending under the Deen Dayal 
Yojna taking place with rural electrification and the kind of products that go into that are 
much lower in terms of margin for us relative to some of the power transformer side. 
Considering all that this is the sort of the guidance that we see looking at where we stand 
today. 
Pawan Nahar: 
In FY16 again pardon me if this question is being asked in cables side you have made some 
provisions relating the past order, but if you can quantify how much was that  
Kushal Desai: 
The provision is of approximately Rs 5 crores on a various contract related issues meaning all 
the legacy issues which were there as well as certain export obligations which we cleared off. 
Pawan Nahar: 
So your EBITDA margin was more like little over than 7%. 
Kushal Desai: 
If you actually take the EBITDA for the operations for the year they were higher by about 
0.8% because it Rs 5 crores over sales of Rs 675 crores. Correspondingly, all of that provision 
was made in the Q4. So the adjustment in the EBITDA in the Q4 also can be then computed. 
Pawan Nahar: 
What about your margin expectation for FY17 on this ballpark Rs 800 crores turnover. 
Kushal Desai: 
On margin expectation for that is to be at between 7.5% and 8.5% on the cable side. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Okay for now. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We’ve the next question from the line of Nidhi Singhania from Kotak Mahindra 
Bank. Please go ahead. 
Nidhi Singhania: 
Yeah, I just wanted to check that what would be the total amount of acceptances out of the 
total creditors as on FY16. 
V C Diwadkar: 
Acceptances will be close to around Rs 900 and Rs 950 crores. 
Nidhi Singhania: 
Okay. And sir how much would be the loans repayable within a year out of the current 
liabilities. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
V C Diwadkar: 
Loans repayable within a year is around Rs 37 crores i.e. long term loans repayable within a 
year. 
Nidhi Singhania: 
Sir, at consolidated what level? 
V C Diwadkar: 
I’m talking at consolidated level only. 
Nidhi Singhania: 
Okay, both these numbers are at consolidated level. 
V C Diwadkar: 
Correct, correct. 
Nidhi Singhania: 
Okay. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment, please go 
ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
we have started talking of HVDC line, tender floating and some of the lines are also 
commissioning. So can you give something going ahead? 
Kushal Desai: 
Well at the moment, you know, we’re the only Indian transformer oil manufacturer that, has 
experience of supplying into the HVDC transformers and we have approval in place, from 
Alstom to whom we’ve actually supplied quite a lot of products as well as from ABB, Sweden 
and Siemens in Germany, so our sense is that, India is looking at increasing the footprint on 
HVDC because there are inherent advantages of HVDC over the AC systems. So as business 
grows, you know, we stand to gain from it. The first HVDC line of Alstom, you know, almost 
70% of that quantity is still left for us to supply and we expect it to happen in this financial 
year. As I mentioned earlier, the 1200 kV test station in Bina of Power Grid has also 
commissioned, transformers of a couple of manufacturers have gone live and they contain 
actually our power oil, which we specifically design for the 1200 kV product so from product 
stand point we still sit, you know, at a top of the chain. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. I mean how big is this opportunity that we’ve seen and how is the profitability vis-à-vis 
normal transformer oil for us. 
Kushal Desai: 
The general profitability is a bit higher because the expectations, of the product are 
significantly more than the general transformer, but you know when you look at next year’s 
number, we will see increased profitability in FY17 from sale of these products. But on a 
weighted average basis, it may get mitigated to some extent because we have seen big 
growth happening on the distribution transformer side where you know the product that 
goes in is relatively at the low end of the spectrum and the competition levels are also more 
intense compared to, on the power transformer side where the specifications are tighter and 
the advantages that people like us have are much greater. Uday Yojna which is there is all 

 
Page 13 of 17 
entirely small distribution transformers and that’s where a very large allocation of the money 
is taking place. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay on transformers oil in the replacement side, can you give some sense how Uday can 
improve things for ourselves. 
Kushal Desai: 
Well, I think these are two separate issues, replacement of transformer oil, you know, there is 
a certain replacement demand, which is there, as we maintained in the past, it is may be 
between 5% and 7% of the installed base. We focus more on the power transformer side as 
oppose to the distribution transformer side in terms of these tenders. As far as Uday is 
concerned, we see a big uptick in demand once, you know, these tenders started getting 
finalized, but most of it is going to be on a distribution transformer side, but the number of 
transformers, just the physical quantity is going to be very high and our sense is that the 
orders will started getting placed in the second half of this year and you will see some 
demand in second half of FY17, but a big jump in FY18 as you know the actual deliveries of 
the transformers take place. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Going ahead with the commissioning of this Sharjah facility, how it will change our overall oil 
effect? 
Kushal Desai: 
We expect about 50,000 kiloliters of products, which we’re currently exporting out of India to 
be shifted, for manufacture and sale out of the Hamriyah facility. And then of course, we 
obviously intend to grow the business from Hamriyah because the nameplate capacity there 
is for 100,000 KL. And given the proximity that we would have to growing market in the 
Middle East especially these oil prices stabilize, then you know we would stand an advantage 
compared to any of our competitors, none of whom have a manufacturing facility in the 
Middle East. 
Bharat Sheth: 
How in terms of profitability, it can work for us? 
Kushal Desai: 
You know there is no immediate impact that we see in terms of, dramatic improvement in 
profitability if we move, to the Hamriyah facility. So our objective is to kind of maintain the 
profitability that we have out of India, given the fact that, you know the scale that we’ll be 
operating there initially will be less, but the superior service level should help us, you know, 
gain more market share in that particular region. So it’s part of a growing the volume strategy 
as well as these schemes, are production basis because all our raw material incoming and 
outgoing, all goes through the ports around Mumbai, so it’s a very concentrated position. 
When you do the risk assessment for the company, our Board of Directors have been 
constantly looking at de-risking for our operation. And this was the integral part of, the 
decision that we took to look at an outside location. Our exports actually if you see in terms 
of turnover is approximately for the oil business is about 35% of the volume that happens of 
the business. So that’s how this de-risking should take place, so I won’t really see that as 

 
Page 14 of 17 
incremental increase in profit as much as volume growth through proximity to clients as well 
as in the long term, de-risking that the company will have advantage of that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shraddha Sheth from Edelweiss, please go 
ahead. 
Shraddha Sheth: 
Hello Kushal, Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just follow up from the previous question, I 
just wanted to understand this value-added in the overall oil portfolio would be how much 
percent of sales?  In the sense about 220 kV would be how much percent of sales? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yeah, so if you take the transformer oil side, about 25% of our volume actually comes from 
products that are going in at 400 kV and other special type of transformers where, the 
specifications of the oils are different like for example you have certain special type of 
instrument transformers, furnace transformers, all requiring special type of products. So last 
year we delivered approximately 25% of products coming from that. If you take 220 kV and 
above, Mr. Diwadkar has just thrown up a number here, which is about 34%, so 34% of our 
transformer oil sales has come from product that goes into 220 kV and above and has some 
special requirements. 
Shraddha Sheth: 
So from your commentary as I understand what we’re guiding is because of the demand in 
the, lower value-added oils in Deen Dayal Distribution Transformers, should we expect the 
net to deteriorate in this year? 
Kushal Desai: 
You know if you look at the special products that we have, the percentage volume may fall a 
little bit because we’re expecting that the standard products that go into distribution will just 
grow at a faster pace in the short term. The demand for power transformers, we see it to be 
steady for not just 1 or 2 years, but a period much longer than that. So the absolute number 
will continue to increase, but you know we see this big short term fill-up happening because 
of this Deen Dayal Yojna, you know, on the distribution transformers. 
Shraddha Sheth: 
Sure. So let me put it this way. As you said, you know, towards FY18 we really see the pickup 
happening in the power transformer side, so can we expect better EBIT margins or EBITDA for 
KL go into FY18 with the changing mix. 
Kushal Desai: 
Well, actually, you know, it’s really difficult to predict, you know, beyond a period, so the 
strategy, which have been following for our transformer oil segment is, you know, we have 
about 45%, 46% market share and we want to maintain that share across the different 
segments. So depending on which segment grows, we will offer the product, which is relevant 
to that segment and that will dictate the sort of margins based on the competition that is 
there. So it’s little difficult to see if automatically the margins will grows in just transformer 
oil, however, if you see weighted average margins for the business as a whole as our 
automotive and industrial business picks up, certainly those are higher margins than the 

 
Page 15 of 17 
transformer oil side. And you know just to give you an example we do approximately 11% of 
volume in the high end industrial and the automotive but that contributes about 18% of 
revenue, so you know automatically as that segment grows and we are expecting those two 
segments to grow faster than the rest of the base business, that will then end up actually 
yielding a better weighted average mix, you know, into FY18 and beyond. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chirag Muchhala from Nirmal Bang, please 
go ahead. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Yeah, thank you sir. Sir, the question is on our interest cost, I mean normal bank and finance 
charges as well as the Forex element, so basically for these couple of years, it has been at 
around Rs 150 crores, so I mean sir any outlook on that sir. 
V C Diwadkar: 
Out of Rs 150 crores, we’re picking up close to Rs 40 crores of the open period exchange in 
the EBITDA. If you see our investor presentation, we knock off the open period FOREX while 
taking out the EBITDA per KL. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Correct. 
V C Diwadkar: 
Rs 40 crores goes actually, then after that what remains is Rs 27 crores of the Forex and Rs 84 
crores of the interest actually. More or less the interest cost will remain same actually. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Even though, you know, we have seen a significant reduction in debt also, but even though 
interest and borrowing cost, I mean, if I see excluding this FOREX element. 
V C Diwadkar: 
It depends upon the financing actually. In case of conductors, we have done more of the 
domestic financing actually. When you take more of domestic products, it depends on the 
how you do the sourcing actually. Sometime the imported products are cheaper, so you bring 
imported products, then the imported financing will be there. The imported interest along 
with the forward cover cost will be lower actually whereas this year as compared to last year, 
we have done more of the domestic financing, so that is why you must have seen increase in 
the interest cost. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Yeah, right, but basically you’re saying that both put together, this Rs 150 crores is not a mix… 
V C Diwadkar: 
Remaining to 120 crores actually, after removing the portion, which is adjusted against 
EBITDA. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sir, in our conductor revenue, is it possible to get a split of the domestic market, the split 
between how much comes from Power Grid, state electricity boards and other private BOOT 
projects. 
V C Diwadkar: 
See Power Grid portion was close to around 20% in this year. 

 
Page 16 of 17 
Chirag Muchhala: 
That is a total or conductors revenue 
V C Diwadkar: 
Of the total conductor revenue, Power Grid was 20%. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. 
V C Diwadkar: 
40% was exports. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Correct. 
V C Diwadkar: 
And the balance split, right now I’m not having actually. It will be some EPC contractor will be 
here, Kalpataru, KEC, etc. plus there will be some transmission companies. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Correct. So sir, how are you I mean witnessing the current, competitive scenario in terms of, 
pricing in the Power Grid tenders? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Power Grid is nowadays also buying the conductor through some of the EPC for this through 
the reverse auction method, so basically there is a competition and it is not anything different 
from what we’ve seen in the past as far as Power Grid. It was already competitive, so it will 
continue to be competitive. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. In this HEC conductor, I mean now it becomes approximately 6% of revenue, so that 
primarily goes to Power Grid or it is again evenly spread among all other parties also, SEBs, 
exports or I mean private BOOT projects. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
It is mainly from the state companies, state transmission companies. Power Grid is also there, 
but they are not doing on the EPC model they are outright buying the conductors while the 
state transmissions are buying the conductors as well as asking us to do the turnkey job. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay.  
V C Diwadkar: 
At present, there are no exports. 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yeah, as of now no. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sir, any specific reason for that sir? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So some of the export markets, they have very difficult qualification requirements. So as we 
build up our QR in India, we will be eligible to bid for the export jobs in times to come. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. And sir, last question again on the bookkeeping part, the tax rate for full year in FY16 
was approximately around 26%, you know, compare to 30% last year, so what should be 
ideally the steady state tax rate for 17? 

 
Page 17 of 17 
V C Diwadkar: 
Tax rate for FY16, you said? 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Yeah. 
V C Diwadkar: 
That was mainly because of that Rs 43 crores profit on the treasury shares, it was not having 
any tax impact, but otherwise we’re almost in full tax actually. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
correct. 
V C Diwadkar: 
Once our Sharjah Subsidiary starts there will be no tax for Sharjah Subsidiary. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions, I now hand the floor over 
to Ms. Nisha Kakran for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Nisha Kakran: 
I would like to take this opportunity and thank the management for giving us the opportunity 
to host the call and the participants for joining the call. Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Four-S Services, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
