
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q4 & FY2016 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 26, 2016 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Godrej 
Industries Limited Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop 
Poojari of CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good Afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Industries Q4&FY 2016 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi 
Godrej – Chairman, Mr. Nadir Godrej – Managing Director, Mr. Pirojsha 
Godrej – Managing Director & CEO of Godrej Properties, Mr. Nitin Nabar, 
Executive Director and President (Chemicals),Mr. Clement Pinto – CFO, and 
Mr S Varadaraj—CFO of Godrej Agrovet.  
 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management following which we will have the forum open for an interactive 
question and answer session. Before we start I would like to point out that 
some statements made in this call may be forward-looking and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the conference call invite sent out earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make the initial remarks. 
Adi Godrej: 
Thanks Anoop. Good Afternoon everyone. I welcome you to the Godrej 
Industries conference call to discuss the operating and financial 
performance for the quarter and fiscal year ended March 31,2016. I shall 
take you through some of the key developments and operational highlights 
of each of our businesses followed by a summary of our financial results. 
I am pleased to share that our overall performance for the fiscal year 2016 
has witnessed a healthy growth in profits with consolidated Net Profit 
growing by 20%. 
Godrej Properties had its best ever financial performance in its history. It 
achieved the highest ever revenue, EBITDA, net profit, cash flow, booking 
value, and deliveries in this financial year. Total revenue for the year stands 
at Rs. 2,728 crore, which represents a 42% increase over the previous year. 

Page 2 of 15 
In FY16, GPL delivered 6 million sq. ft which includes 4.2 million sq. ft. of 
residential and 1.8 million sq. ft. of commercial space across seven cities. 
One of the key highlights for the fourth quarter was the launch of Phase 2 at 
‘The Trees’.  It sold 105 apartments or over 150,000 square feet with a 
booking value of Rs. 318 crore within three weeks of the launch. The 
average price achieved on Phase 2 was 9% higher than in Phase 1, which 
had been launched just 3 months before Phase 2.  Another major milestone 
for the year was creation of Godrej Fund Management. GPL has raised a $ 
275 million pool of capital under Godrej Residential Investment Program II 
(GRIP II) with Dutch pension fund asset manager APG as the lead investor. 
GPL will hold a 20% stake in GRIP II.  
Godrej Agrovet’s business has been adversely impacted on account of two 
back to back poor monsoons and subdued commodity prices. Despite this 
situation, Godrej Agrovet’s Total Income for the fiscal has increased by 14% 
over the previous year. Our Agri Inputs Business, during the quarter, grew 
by 50% over corresponding period of previous year. Judicious sales planning 
across key categories helped us maintain our growth trajectory. The Astec 
Life Science acquisition will help the business, and augment its retail product 
portfolio. Our animal feeds business recorded a marginal growth of 6% for 
Q4FY16 as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. The 
performance was aided by higher sales in fish and cattle feed. During the 
quarter Oil Palm business vertical clocked 70% growth in topline, driven by 
higher CPO/PKO prices and better fruit arrivals in Q4FY16.Our joint-venture 
in Bangladesh - ACI Godrej has shown a robust sales growth of 35% for the 
fiscal and this has been driven by strong volume growth across categories of 
Poultry Feed, Cattle Feed and Aqua Feed. Godrej Tyson continues to focus 
on building brand based business and strengthening our ‘Real Good Chicken’ 
and ‘Yummiez’ brands. In FY16, despite non-remunerative broiler prices 
sales grew by 15%. 
Creamline Dairy products business grew by 12% in Q4FY16 as compared to 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year and this has been mainly 
driven by value added products. We will continue to focus on brand building 
and improving the mix of value added products in overall sales 
With an agile team, focus on continuously improving our operational 
efficiency and research and development in agri businesses, I am confident 
that Godrej Agrovet will continue to do well across verticals and add value 
through the years to come. 
Moving on to the performance of Godrej Consumer Products; In Q4FY16, 
the volume growth of the Indian FMCG industry remained subdued at levels 
similar to the previous quarter. During the quarter, the benefits of low 
commodity prices were passed on to consumers resulting in relatively 

Page 3 of 15 
higher consumer promotions. In this environment, our India business 
sustained its volume growth leadership with a growth of 9% including offers.  
Despite the volatile macro-economic environment in some of our emerging 
markets, our international business delivered robust organic sales growth of 
18%, in constant currency terms. Overall, our consolidated organic constant 
currency sales growth of 12% and EBITDA growth of 18% are well ahead of 
market growth. 
Household Insecticides business continues to deliver double digit growth, 
with a sales growth of 10%. This was driven by high single digit volume 
growth. Sales in soaps business declined by 6%, due to deflationary 
pressures. Hair Colours sales bounced back during the quarter with a sales 
growth of 7%. 
I am confident that with our clear strategic focus, differentiated product 
portfolio, superior execution and top notch team, we will continue to deliver 
industry leading results and that our medium and long term growth 
prospects in India and our other emerging markets would remain robust. 
Our Chemicals business had a good performance in Q4 FY16. PBIT for Q4 
FY16 & fiscal year has increased by 61% &114% respectively as compared to 
the corresponding period of previous year. I am also happy to share that our 
Managing Director Mr. Nadir Godrej was awarded the lifetime Achievement 
award at the 15th anniversary of All India Liquid Bulk Importers and 
Exporters Association popularly known as AILBIEA for his contribution 
towards global trade and industry. 
Let me now briefly run through our financial highlights. During the quarter, 
consolidated total income stood at Rs.2,711 crore, a growth of 12% as 
compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. Consolidated 
net profit for Q4FY16 stood at Rs.116 crore. During the fiscal year 2016 
consolidated total income stood at Rs.11,171 crore, a growth of 17% as 
compared to the previous year. Consolidated net profit stood at Rs.484 
crore and grew by 20% as compared to the previous year. 
To conclude, we remain encouraged and confident of achieving our long 
term objectives of inclusive, sustainable and profitable growth. I am 
confident that our disciplined strategy, prudent approach, focus on agile 
execution and our committed team will enable us to improve performance 
further and create greater shareholder value. 
Modeator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press * and 1 on 
their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue you may press * and 2. Participants are also requested to 

Page 4 of 15 
use only handsets while asking a question. Anyone who has a question may 
press * and 1. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of 
FarzanMadon of Axis Capital. Please go ahead.   
FarzanMadon: 
So usually we have seen that post year drought there is a massive pick-up in 
demand be it PVC pipes or agri inputs so how is GAVL positioned for this in 
the fiscal year 2017?  
Adi Godrej: 
I think with the good monsoon expected many of the GAVL businesses 
should improve their performance and the good news is that it is now 
predicated that because of the La Niña developing in the Pacific Ocean they 
are likely to be three or four good monsoons to follow so that should very 
good for growth of Godrej Agrovet. And especially, since Godrej Agrovet has 
recently acquired two very important businesses in Creamline Dairy and 
Astec Life Sciences. This should be very opportune for both synergy creation 
and for the growth of the company.  
Farzan Madon: 
Right. Sir, my next question was on Astec what synergies are we seeing over 
here in Astec and Godrej Agrovet and where do we see this? And my second 
question is that I hear that you all are doing some wonderful things at the 
research center in Nasik, could you just elaborate please?  
Nadir Godrej: : 
Yes, one big opportunity for synergy between Astec and Godrej Agrovet is to 
sell Astec’s technical ingredients as formulations in the domestic market and 
Godrej Agrovet is very well positioned to do that. Godrej Agrovet can also 
help Astec in their contract research and exports of chemicals in the 
international market. And as for research at our research center in Nasik we 
have already come up with products whereby we can improve the quality of 
certain meals in India and we can add value to those meals by these 
processes and in July we will start commercial plans for producing these and 
we are planning on an even a bigger plant in Rajasthan, sometime next year.  
Farzan Madon: 
That is wonderful. Sir, my last question is on Godrej Properties that Godrej 
Properties has seen record sales over the past couple of quarter, years. Are 
we focusing on execution or will be booking more sales and launching 
newer and newer projects?  
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, thanks for the question, I do not think we can focus on one or the 
other, obviously we would like to continue to grow our sales performance 
but at the same time we have to deliver everything we are selling. So while 
sales last year did grow actually I think the bookings growth in the value 
terms was about 88%. We also grew our deliveries by 71% to 6 million 
square feet. In terms of area we actually delivered than more than we sold 
last year so there is a strong scale up growing in both the sales side and the 

Page 5 of 15 
execution side and naturally those two will have to continue to go hand in 
hand.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line Abhijeet Akela of 
IIFL. Please go ahead. 
AbhijeetAkela: 
First, just regarding the dip in Animal Feeds margins that we have seen in 
this quarter and year, is this mainly because of the drop in revenues or you 
know are there raw material cost pressures also and how do you see this 
situation evolving in FY'17?  
Adi Godrej: 
No, I think the main reason for the drop in margins in quarter four was the 
lower margins in Godrej Agrovet because of the severe drought in the 
country which came to our head in this quarter and remember we have had 
two bad monsoons one after the other. Also Godrej Properties although we 
had a spectacular year, it had a relatively poorer results in quarter four 
compared to the quarter four of the previous year which was a very good 
quarter. So the combination of the two led to the quarter’s margin being 
lower but for the year as a whole Godrej Industries consolidated results 
were very good and with the expectation of a very good monsoon this year 
and the possibility as the government has stated of the GST being passed 
and the growth in the economy improving dramatically we see that all our 
subsidiary and associate companies should be doing quite well.  
Abhijeet Akela: 
Thank you for that. Sir, I just had a few detail questions on Agrovet if I may.  
Adi Godrej: 
Sure.  
Abhijeet Akela: 
First on the Animal Feeds side you know after many years of margin 
expansion we have actually seen margin contraction this year from 6.8% to 
5.7% at the EBIT level, so this mainly because I mean some slight correction 
in revenue or is it that input cost have gone up?  
Nadir Godrej: 
I think it was also affected by the animal protein prices not being very good 
particularly broiler.  
Moderator: 
We have taken the next question from the line of Abhishek Anand of JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Anand: 
Sir, just wanted to check we had actually filed for registration of Bispyribac 
Sodium but there was some technical issue, so what is the status of that and 
just wanted to understand the strategy of group as to when they plan to 
launch it in the current season or may be in the next season and what is the 
strategy behind it?  
Nadir Godrej: 
We still have not got approval for this buyback and we hope to get it soon  

Page 6 of 15 
Abhishek Anand: 
Okay. So hypothetically speaking if we get it in the next couple of months, if 
we get the approvals so any tentative timelines for launch so basically just 
trying to understand when will you be prepared to launch a product base on 
Bispyribac Sodium?  
S. Varadaraj 
Our backend is all geared up so once we get the registration we should not 
have issue in terms of launching it.  
Abhishek Anand: 
Okay, fine. Sir, just if I am looking at our console debt as well as standalone 
debt I see console debt increasing by thousand crore and standalone rising 
by Rs. 400 crore. just trying to understand so standalone debt of increase of 
Rs. 400 crore could be attributed to primarily what reason secondly of 
course the thousand crore debt increase on consol level, could you just 
bifurcate it between may be the acquisition cost as well as consol effect?   
Clement Pinto:  
Yes, at standalone the debt has gone up because of our CAPEX investments 
at our Valia factory in Gujarat and a little bit for working capital for the 
chemicals business. That also flows into the consolidated level on debt and 
also Agrovet debt going up because of the recent acquisition.  
Abhishek Anand: 
Sir, could you share the Creamline debt on books because we do not have 
the balance sheet of FY'15.  
Adi Godrej: 
Creamline is not debt on the books in fact it is cash.  
Moderator: 
 This is Mr. AbhijeetAkela, IIFL. Please go ahead with your question, sir. 
Abhijeet Akela: 
Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity again. I also just wanted to 
check regarding the others line within the consolidated segments which I 
believe includes your agri inputs as well as now Creamline and Astec and 
other things. The profit there has gone down from Rs. 37 crore last year to 
Rs. 23 crore and that is despite the addition of Astec and Creamline this 
year. So if you could talk a little bit what the pressure points were because I 
think you had mentioned in your presentation that agri inputs as well as 
Astec did fairly well.  
Clement Pinto: 
You are right, the major part of the others is the other business, other than 
the Animal Feeds and the Oil Palm which is shown in a separate segment all 
the other verticals of the Agrovet business is housed in others plus the 
Natures Basket business. Natures Basket even though had a good top line 
growth but its bottom line was under pressure. 
 Abhijeet Akela: 
Okay, sure. And just on the standalone balance sheet I think the working 
capital seems to have gone up quite sharply, receivables have almost 
doubled on the standalone balance sheet I am saying so from Rs. 104 crore 

Page 7 of 15 
to Rs. 205 crore, working capital has also increased and I think the debt has 
also gone up a bit.  
Adi Godrej: 
We expect that to come down you know in the coming financial year.  
Abhijeet Akela: 
Okay, fair enough. And sir, one last thing just on the Veg. Oil segment whose 
EBIT is largely I think attributable to Oil Palm, we have seen you know 
flattish EBIT from that segment for the last three years now so is this again 
something to do with is it the revision in the pricing formula that has led this 
year or is it the drought?  
Nadir Godrej: 
During the last year Oil Palm prices were quite low for most of the year, they 
picked in the fourth quarter and we will see an improvement in the fourth 
quarter, production was also good in the fourth quarter which is normally 
not a very high producing quarter. Oil Palm prices are still holding up quite 
well and so going forward there will be improvements.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Balvinder Singh of B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Balvinder Singh: 
If you can highlight in your notes to accounts there are some amalgamation 
scheme so, related to Godrej Agrovet so, if you can highlight what is that?  
S. Varadaraj: 
So in the last year we have amalgamated the seeds business of Godrej Seeds 
and Genetics Limited, so that is one amalgamation which has happened 
with Godrej Agrovet and that was primarily done so that we can take better 
synergy benefits and also benefits from taxation perspective. 
Balvinder Singh: 
Okay. And secondly, if you can highlight more on your dairy business, how 
much of your total is from value added products and what is the strategy 
out there?  
S. Varadaraj: 
So value-added products and dairy business comprises almost one-third of 
the total components of the dairy business.  
Balvinder Singh: 
Okay. And what is your strategy with regards to this business over the 
medium term?  
Nadir Godrej:  
It will increase the percentage of value added products over time.  
Adi Godrej: 
Also we think there is great scope of expansion of the business overall, dairy 
business in the country is doing well. Dairy product consumption is going up. 
Value-added dairy product consumption is going up very considerably. So 
we feel there is scope for increase in this business over the next few years 
and especially if the GST comes in we feel all consumer products businesses 
will do exceedingly well.  

Page 8 of 15 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Samar Sarda of Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Samar Sarda: 
I had three questions, the first question is with regards to the chemicals in 
the standalone business sir, of course like there is a macro probability to it 
but exports came down sharply in FY'16 any particular reasons towards it?  
Adi Godrej: 
Well I do not think so, may be the value has come down but volumes have 
not come down.  
Samar Sarda: 
So the value has come down by like from Rs. 5.2 billion to Rs. 3.9 billion   
Nadir Godrej: 
The prices of the finished products were also lower without affecting 
margins too much.  
Samar Sarda: 
Right. And since we have a new capacity in place there are cost benefits 
which are like clearly visible in FY'16. How should we look at this business 
from a growth perspective over the next two years - three years?  
Adi Godrej: 
It is very difficult to predict, it will depend on the dynamics of the 
international businesses and raw material cost, etc., it is difficult to predict 
how these businesses grow over a period of time.  
Samar Sarda: 
Okay, the second thing was on the working capital, the creditors like they 
have come down sharply in FY'16, what might be the main reason for this 
because if I see the track record for the far so many years the number this 
year is pretty low.  
Clement Pinto: 
See this working capital position is at a point at the end of the year so a lot 
of it also depends on how much is imported and how much is domestic, a 
large part of it was domestic which is basically on spot basis. That mix keep 
on changing plus we have a little bit of inventory receivables which are high 
but we expect to correct that position in the coming year.  
Samar Sarda: 
Okay. And you have already answered partly on the debt front more or less 
it funded the creditors CAPEX and some of the investments. What would be 
this absolute debt number by March 2017 or March 2018 on the standalone 
side?  
Adi Godrej: 
It is difficult to predict on a forward basis.  
Samar Sarda: 
Okay. The second question is on Godrej Properties. Now again operations 
have been great, turning positive in 2016 and hopefully the way they are like 
will be generating some money FY‘17 onwards as well. We also have to 
invest 20% or contribute 20% towards the new investments on the fund. So 

Page 9 of 15 
should we assume the absolute debt level will probably like similar levels for 
the next 12 months to 18 months? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, thanks Samar, I think it will obviously depend on few things – one on 
the inflow side of things. The main driver will be the speed at which we 
unlock the commercial asset, as you know between BKC and some of our 
older commercial projects we have a close to Rs. 2,000 crore net cash flows 
that can be created. We hope to do as much of that as possible over the 
next 12 months - 18 months. So I think if that happens certainly we should 
be generating free cash flows even with considering some amount of 
business development investment but again it will depend a lot on how 
quickly that happen and the kind of opportunities we see ahead.   
Samar Sarda: 
Sure. And my last question is on Natures Basket. Like revenues have been 
improving. Should we look at this business breaking even by FY'18 or before 
that?  
Adi Godrej: 
It is difficult to be sure because it depends on the growth rate. We are 
growing very rapidly and we do an annual valuation of the business and the 
valuation has been growing up quite strongly, so it is a question of how fast 
we decide to grow as you know we have added three retails to Natures 
Basket which is adding a good value so it is a question like most retail 
companies in India the question of how fast we grow was this value push.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anirudhha Joshi of ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anirudhha Joshi: 
Just few data points which I require, can you indicate what was the EBIT 
level or PAT level of Creamline, Tyson, Nature’s Basket and GAVL 
standalone?  
Adi Godrej: 
We have bunched together certain businesses that is what we can provide 
at this point of time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Shah an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Shah: 
My question is for Mr. Adi Godrej. Sir, I wanted to know which as per you 
would be the fastest growing company in your group actually Godrej 
Consumer, Godrej Properties or Godrej Agrovet or Godrej Industries? 
Adi Godrej: 
Well I think in the long-term Godrej Properties could be the fastest growing 
company, the reason being in the real estate sector no one company has 
even 5% market share. The opportunity is huge. It is a very large business, 
competitive pressures do not restrict growth so, I think it could be our 
fastest growing business. But with the monsoon expected to be good for the 

Page 10 of 15 
next two years and GST likely to come in we are very optimistic about fast 
growth in almost all our businesses.  
Nadir Godrej: 
And all the businesses will give Godrej Properties a good run for their 
money. 
Rahul Shah: 
Yes, that was a good one sir, but sir, when you said, in the long run Godrej 
Properties would be the fastest growing what would be the longer run three 
years to five years or may be a little more than that?  
Adi Godrej: 
Well it is very difficult to predict a long-term framework but again if you ask 
me a question and I have given you my view we cannot be absolutely sure 
about this thing. 
Nadir Godrej: 
The organic growth rate may be lower in some of businesses but there is lot 
of inorganic potential.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anubhav Goel of Erevna 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Goel: 
Had a couple of questions regarding Astec. So have we started supplying 
internally to the agri inputs division? And secondly, in context of the weak 
global agro environment how is the export side of the business looking for 
FY'17?  
S. Varadaraj: 
So in terms of the molecule which Astec manufactures, the supplies of those 
molecules have started for Agrovet which in turn Agrovet has just started 
retailing and in terms of the exports we expect the exports to look up in 
Astec.  
Anubhav Goel: 
So on volume terms would we have grown in FY'16 because sales were flat.  
Adi Godrej: 
Volume and value growth are likely to be similar.  
AnubhavGoel: 
Right. Sir, and we have talked about a new plant towards CSM so have we 
commissioned that?  
Nadir Godrej: 
The new plant is ready but it still awaiting some approvals.  
Anubhav Goel: 
So sir, in the next one quarter or two quarters?  
Nadir Godrej: 
Yes, it should be start producing in the next quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anand Agarwal of 
BlackRock. Please go ahead. 

Page 11 of 15 
Anand Agarwal: 
Just one question, I wanted to know what the CAPEX would be in the Godrej 
Industries and Godrej Agrovet and also any additional investment that you 
will need to make in Astec and Creamline in FY'17?  
Adi Godrej: 
We do not expect any major CAPEX in Godrej Industries’ own businesses. In 
Godrej Agrovet, the CAPEX might be only if some acquisition opportunities 
arises otherwise we do not expect much CAPEX. In Creamline again, there 
could be expansion but that could be very easily financed from Creamline’s 
own balance sheet there is no borrowing in Creamline and it is cash positive. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Anand of JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Anand: 
Sir, just wanted to understand firstly, this exceptional item of Rs. 68 crore of 
profit that we have booked, this is with respect to which long-term 
investment sale?  
Adi Godrej: 
These are shares we held which we had invested at a very low cost earlier in 
an international company which got listed and we have sold them in this 
quarter.  
Abhishek Anand: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, sir I would like to understand the impact of Ind AS on 
our reporting so, as far as we understand the JV accounting close for a 
change so have we internally worked out, is there a material change in the 
accounting or you think that it is broadly on the similar line side, I think 
Tyson and Bangladesh will have to be separately accounted. Is my 
understanding correct sir?  
Adi Godrej: 
Yes. There would be some changes but we do not expect it will be very 
substantial.  
Pirojsha Godrej: 
For Godrej Properties there will be meaningful impact. 
Abhishek Anand: 
Yes. But for rest Agrovet for Creamline, Astec they will also be 
reconsolidated?  
S. Varadaraj: 
Astec and Creamline will be consolidated as you rightly pointed out our joint 
ventures ACI Godrej Agrovet and Godrej Tyson Foods on a line by line basis 
in terms of top-line, etc., will not get consolidated but at a PAT level in any 
which case it gets consolidated.  
Abhishek Anand: 
And sir, finally, any additional investment we are looking for in Natures 
Basket in the couple of years?  
Adi Godrej: 
Yes, Natures Basket will keep growing and there will see investments.  

Page 12 of 15 
Abhishek Anand: 
Any rough ballpark number there?  
Adi Godrej:  
No, that will depend on the plans subsequently revised plans. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sumit Rohra of Emerging 
Market Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Rohra: 
Sir, I just have a couple of questions, one for Pirojsha, firstly many 
congratulations on the fact that we have done bookings in access of Rs. 
+5,000 crore. Can you please share your thoughts on how do you basically 
see FY'17 shaping up in terms of launches and in terms of what you’re 
looking at in terms of launching square foot in million and price in terms of 
booking value? And Pirojsha secondly, when do you actually think that our 
bookings which have been very strong in FY'15 and FY'16, we will actually 
translate into P&L when our ROEs and all will start moving to 15% - 20% so 
how much time gap, according to you still exists between our realization on 
P&L to booking value and the Godrej Agrovet I will come to later, so if you 
can please help me with that understand then? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, thanks Sumit, of course we do not give any guidance in terms of sales 
for future period but we have been growing quite quickly and the goal will 
be to maintain growth this year despite the fact that we have got a high 
base but I think there are a lot of opportunities from the launches we plan 
which are listed in the investor presentation on our website to continue to 
see very good momentum. Anything we sell within four quarter or five 
quarters typically should be entering the P&L so something like for example, 
The Trees which we have launched over the last few months, we are hoping 
to bring into the P&L either in the fourth quarter of this or Q1 of next year. 
So I do think that P&L is continuing to improve. Of course our revenue and 
net profit growth has been quite robust already in the past few years 
despite pretty weak market conditions but you are right it has not yet 
translated into satisfactory levels of ROE and that is for two reasons one is 
this large capital lock up in the commercial portfolio which is I said we hope 
to unlock over the next 12 months and also some of these higher margin 
projects like The Trees entering revenue recognition. So hopefully there will 
be a very vast improvement over the next couple of years and then we can 
continue to grow that better base.  
Sumit Rohra: 
Sure. And I want to ask you one more thing in the commercial, so we have 
got about 3 lakh square in BKC left to sell still right?  
Pirojsha Godrej: 
That is right and of course I can only speak up about what we have at the 
end of last quarter so that is 3 lakhs square feet left at that point so we think 
that is the value of at least the Rs 1000 crore.  

Page 13 of 15 
Sumit Rohra: 
And we also have something of Chandigarh and the Grand Godrej Waterside 
also do we have that also left or that is done now because I cannot recollect.  
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, so all three projects are now pretty much complete from a construction 
perspective. From a sales perspective we have about a  Rs. 1000 crore in 
BKC and about Rs. 400 crore or combined in the other two and BKC we also 
have significant remaining cash flows from existing sales so all in all we are 
pretty close to Rs. 2,000 crore net cash flows expected from new projects.  
Sumit Rohra: 
And sir, now you know a question for Mr. Godrej, I wanted to understand if 
two factors which are right now probable which hopefully everyone hoping 
comes true one is GST and the other is the monsoon so, sir on Godrej 
Consumer and Godrej Agrovet if both of these are reality what do you think 
in your eyes could be growth rate for both of your companies?  
Adi Godrej: 
The growth rate can be quite high. In the case of Agrovet the monsoon is 
very important, GST may not have much of an impact; however, in the 
Godrej Consumer products both the monsoon and the GST could be very 
positive. The monsoon would lead to much higher rural demand growth and 
the GST would lead to a much higher growth for all consumer products in 
the country. Prices of consumer products will come down, demand will 
increase, and GDP growth would increase dramatically. This would 
additionally create demand so once the GST comes in it will be very good for 
the Indian economy and particularly good for consumer products company.  
Nadir Godrej:  
The monsoon will also have an impact on inflation and interest rates which 
could also do a very beneficial to the economy.  
Sumit Rohra: 
So sir, is that safe to assume that at least 15% growth is likely follow if both 
these factors come true. I mean I am not asking for a number but just to get 
your sense.  
Adi Godrej: 
It is difficult to predict exact growth rate the growth would certainly 
accelerate.  
Sumit Rohra: 
Sure. And sir, just one last thing on the Godrej Agrovet, is there any thought 
process on the Godrej Agrovet IPO sir?  
Adi Godrej: 
Well it is always a possibility but there is no immediate plan.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajendra Mishra of IDFC. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajendra Mishra: 
My question is respect to Godrej Properties. So just wanted to know, what 
kind of pre-sales momentum that we could expect going forward and what 

Page 14 of 15 
kind of launch momentum that we could expect particularly wrt Godrej 
Properties.  
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, so as I mentioned, we have a publish launched guidance for the year in 
our Investor Presentation which is available on our website so we have 
something like 15 projects that we hope to launch this financial year that of 
course is dependent on regulatory approvals coming true in time so there is 
some downside to that but certainly that is the plan for now. In terms of 
actual booking numbers, of course it will depend on how these launches go 
and we do not issue any guidance on that front.  
Rajendra Mishra: 
Okay. My second question is respect to this Real Estate Regulator Bill so, any 
thoughts on that and how is that going to impact our business once it goes 
through?  
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think the impact will be slightly different over the short-term versus 
the medium-term to long-term. I think in the short-term it could create 
some delays in launches and create a certain amount of uncertainty as this 
regulator actually get set up so I would expect a little of downside in the 
short-term for the industry as a whole as well as for ourselves but over the 
medium-term actually this would be quite beneficial for developers like us 
for the more establish and already following the vast majority of what is 
called for in the bill and I think it will reduce the number of very small 
players presence in the sector and I think it will be another force towards 
consolidation in the industry so, I do expect some long-term benefit but as I 
said the short-term it would create a little bit of delay.  
Rajendra Mishra: 
Okay. And my last question is for the group level so I do not know whether it 
has been shared already but just wanted to know what is the capital 
allocation framework at the group level and how do we decide which 
businesses to back and which ones to take it forward so is there any 
thoughts to that?  
Adi Godrej: 
See capital allocation is organized by each company because each company 
operates independently and obviously within a company capital is allocated 
to those areas where returns and good it is future strategic opportunities 
are the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question. I now hand 
the floor back to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Adi Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactory. 
If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, we would be happy to be your persistent. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call.  

Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Godrej Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.   
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
