
 
 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
Dr Lal PathLabs Limited (LPL) 
Q1 FY17 Results Conference Call Transcript 
July 29, 2016 
 
 
Call Duration 
 1 hour 23 mins 
 
Management Speakers 
 (Honorary.) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal - Chairman and Managing Director 
of Dr Lal PathLabs Limited 
 Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Whole-time Director and CEO of Dr 
Lal PathLabs Limited 
Mr. Dilip Bidani – CFO of Dr Lal PathLabs Limited 
 
Participants who asked 
questions 
 
 Pritesh Chheda - Lucky Investments 
 Shweta Karia- Batlivala and Karani Securities 
 Alok Dalal -CLSA 
 Sangam Iyer -Subhkam 
 Chiraj Talati from Kotak Securities 
 Prashant Nair - Citi 
 Dheeresh Pathak - Goldman Sachs 
 Nitin Agarwal - IDFC Securities 
 Neha Manpuria - JP Morgan 
 Sameer Baisiwala -Morgan Stanley 
 Aakash Manghani -BOI AXA Managers  
 Piyush Goel- India Capital 
 Vishal Shah -Allard Partners 
 Atul Mehra - Motilal Oswal Securities 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Good Evening, Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
or LPL Q1FY’17 Conference Call for Investors and Analysts. The call has been 
hosted to discuss the Financial Performance and share Operating Highlights 
of the company with you. Joining us today are, Hony. Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – 
Chairman and Managing Director of the company; Dr. Om Prakash 
Manchanda – Whole-time Director and CEO; Mr. Dilip Bidani – CFO, 
accompanied by Mr. Ved Goel – Vice President, Finance. We will commence 
the call with comments from the management team, following which we 
shall open the call for Q&A session, where the management will address any 
queries that you may have. I would like to highlight that some of the 
statements that may be made or discussed on today’s call could be forward- 
looking in nature. The actual results may vary significantly from the forward-
looking statements made. A detailed statement in this regard is available in 
LPL’s Q1 FY17 Results Presentation which has been circulated earlier. 
I would now like to invite Dr. Lal to commence by sharing his thoughts on 
the company. Over to you, sir. 
Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal:  
Thank you, Siddharth. Good Evening, Ladies and Gentlemen and thank you 
very much for joining us on this call today. It gives me great satisfaction to 
witness the tremendous support and feedback that we are getting from the 
analyst and investor community.  
Our continued momentum and overall success which was also seen in Q1 
FY17 is the direct result of our passion and commitment to provide quality 
diagnostics services to a wider set of audience each and every day. We 
believe our strategy is working, but we are also aware that there is much 
more that we can do in this highly dynamic industry. We are constantly fine 
tuning our model to ensure that we can create a platform where scalability 
and profitability are simultaneously achieved.   
Our investments towards our regional reference labs as well as the clinical 
labs are in line with our agenda to grow our brand and enhance the 
turnaround time for delivering results. Sustaining excellence remains our 
key motto.  At all our facilities we have created a universe which today uses 
cutting edge technology for tests and generating results with high levels of 
accuracy. This has over the years become our USP and a distinctive factor on 
the basis of which our patients trust us. We believe this is our winning 
competitive edge. Going ahead, we are dedicated to fulfilling our business 
imperatives of maintaining our superior standards, strengthening of brand 
and growing our financial strength and flexibility 
 
With that, I will request our CEO, Dr. Om Manchanda to take this call ahead. 
Thank you very much. 

 
Page 3 of 25 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Thank you, Dr. Lal and to everyone joining us today, a warm welcome. I will 
cover with you some important aspects of our strategy and outlook before 
handing over to Dilip for the perspectives on the financial performance.  
To read out some quick highlights, Q1 saw revenue growth of 18%. Our 
profit after tax showed improvement of 30% in the same period.  
With syndicated studies estimating the total size of the diagnostic services 
industry to stand at around Rs. 60,000 cr by FY18, the sector continues to 
present a rich opportunity for established entities like Dr Lal PathLabs. We 
have been in the industry for over 6 decades now, with a nationwide 
presence and an immediately recognizable brand. The essential premise of 
our model is that a patient should get the confidence and assurance that he 
will get the benefit of the best in service delivery when he or she walks into 
a Dr Lal PathLabs outlet.  
To give you a perspective, at present, organised diagnostic chains cover only 
15% of the diagnostics market, with the rest getting addressed by a 
fragmented combination of individual and standalone centres and disparate 
hospital based chains. With the help of a hub-and-spoke arrangement our 
network covers the vast majority of the country’s population with the help 
of 172 clinical laboratories, 1,559 Patient Service Centres and 4,967 Pick-up 
Points. The PuP’s could be a neighbourhood clinic or a hospital that 
designates certain tests to our network. In addition we have tie-ins with 
corporates and government agencies so that employees can avail of our 
services conveniently.  
There is a dedicated logistics team that is responsible for transferring 
samples to the assigned laboratory within a stipulated window. We provide 
our laboratories and franchisee partners with the basic consumables in 
order to hold ourselves at the high standard of service to our patient 
community. 
In addition to growing the North India region where we have a strong 
presence we are additionally focusing on priority regions where we think 
time has come to drive an accelerated pace of expansion. As per a 
pragmatic approach we will seek to develop the East and Central India 
regions by establishing new Regional Reference Laboratories at Kolkata and 
Lucknow. Each will be a master facility that will specialize in high-end tests 
while providing the entire gamut of testing procedures and services that the 
brand has to offer. These centres will extend the reach of our capabilities 
further into the hinterland while allowing us to benefit from scale as we 
draw in samples from underserved areas. Our model is very scalable while 
our approach to expansion will stay disciplined as you will have witnessed 
throughout our corporate history. We have always believed that diagnostics 
can deliver growth in volumes and being cognizant of that we have aligned 

 
Page 4 of 25 
 
our costs to a competitive level. Working on a reagent rental model and an 
asset light approach we have kept the balance sheet lean while expanding 
nationally.  
We are focused on the pathology segment within diagnostics, which 
typically accounts for majority of the diagnostics industry. Further those of 
you tracking this space will acknowledge that the urban centres are 
disproportionately well represented in terms of overall revenues in the 
pathology piece. The premise for growth of the diagnostics sector overall 
depends on the following broad trends;  
• 
Preference for Evidence-Based Treatments 
• 
Wider Prevalence of Life Style Diseases  
• 
Preventive Diseases and Overall Wellness  
With our unique approach anchored by a strong brand, an extensive 
network and panel of tests together with a team of qualified professionals I 
am certain that we will best the industry rates of growth.   
As on organization we also take the experience and qualification profile of 
our team seriously and have continually sought out to employ and retain 
good talent. Similarly we have institutionalized this practice across the 
network and also undertaken to train our franchise partners to deliver best 
in class service and patient care. We believe that the patient must trust the 
brand for reliability of results, turnaround times, patient care and handling 
and fairness of charges. And I am certain with the steps that we have 
initiated that we will come out on top on each of these parameters. It 
should be no surprise therefore that we have a high component of walk-in 
patients who are drawn in.  
One other important aspect that we track internally as a success measure is 
our technology orientation. Our network is full tech-enabled with every 
sample receiving its unique barcode and identification. This adds to the 
modularity of approach and we can seamlessly increase the processing of 
tests in our network. On the other hand we are continually screening for 
more advanced methods for delivering test results and to do so with greater 
accuracy. There is a constant dialogue with the supplier fraternity in terms 
of being able to increase efficiency of our model while making available 
quicker turnarounds to our patients. Just to update you on some statistics, 
as on June 30, 2016, we have a catalogue of 1,110 Test Panels, 1,934 
Pathology Tests and 1,561 Radiology and Cardiology Tests.  
As you would appreciate that spends on healthcare in India come 
substantially from private pockets. Investments into the industry similarly, 
also come primarily from the private sector. Diagnostics being vastly 
fragmented gives a platform for established and branded players to extend 

 
Page 5 of 25 
 
services further to the underserved population. With is scale, breadth of 
tests and quality of service a focused entity such as Dr Lal PathLabs are at 
the forefront of realizing this vision. Pathology services have emerged as the 
preferred line of diagnosis as duly borne out by the rising number of 
prescriptions seen for pathological tests. Within pathology it is the 
biochemistry based tests that have a large contribution.  
 
Given the rising prevalence of lifestyle ailments such as diabetes, 
hypertension and cancer doctors are increasingly prescribing biochemistry 
tests for blood sugar, cholesterol and triglycerides, urea and creatinine to 
identify and help manage such diseases. In fact some studies show that 
sugar and lipid tests account for nearly 1/3rd of all biochemistry tests. 
Molecular diagnostics which is prescribed for cancer also shows up 
markedly in terms of contribution to the overall kinds of tests.  
Another area of growth for diagnostic brands is the wellness and preventive 
health segment. These combined series of individual tests with the objective 
of specific screening of chronic ailments or to assess the overall health of 
the patient. Such packages are usually offered to corporates for their 
employees as well as to walk-in customers. Here again, the share of wellness 
and preventive diagnostics stands at 6-8% of the overall diagnostics market.  
We have charted out a plan of action to further strengthen our network and 
brand and I will enlist the measures that we have taken in order to do that; 
• 
Extension of network –which includes strengthening our presence in 
important regions like North India 
• 
Geographic expansion –this will cover our capability creation in East 
and Central India, where we are commissioning our RRL’s. In the 
South and West regions we will follow a cluster approach by putting 
up centres in the vicinity of the existing ones with a long-term view 
of putting a RRL  
• 
Addition to number of available tests –we are continually 
augmenting the range of tests that our network can offer while 
updating to the latest standards and technologies available in the 
field. The objective being really to render a full-suite of tests to the 
patient, while increasing accuracy and reducing the turnaround 
times 
• 
Management of hospital and clinical laboratories –we are looking at 
scaling up an offshoot model whereby we undertake management of 
laboratories which are functioning within a hospital. The initial 
response has been encouraging and we are looking at adding more 
such contracts going forward  
For the coming year we are positioned very confidently to deliver a 
continued growth performance. Dilip will articulate the financial aspects of 

 
Page 6 of 25 
 
the strategy in a short while of course. We are invested in the diagnostics 
business through a very salient brand. I am happy to share that we are 
making visible progress in our strategic initiatives as outlined by me. These 
together with the reputation for trust, reliability and timeliness will drive us 
further into the future. 
With that, I would like to request Dilip to take you through our Financial 
Updates. Thank you. 
Dilip Bidani: 
Good evening and thank you for joining us on this call today. I shall focus my 
discussion today on financial performance for the quarter ended June 30 
2016. 
Please note our earnings presentation is also available on our website which 
is www.lalpathlabs.com as well as on the stock exchanges both BSE and NSE. 
LPL has continued to showcase sector leading results, given the combination 
of the extensive reach and brand equity associated with Dr Lal Pathlabs.  We 
have initiated the fiscal with a healthy set of numbers and we are optimistic 
of the outlook based on the trends visible to us. Our operating model, which 
most of you are now acquainted with, is robust and we are committed to 
capitalise on it in order to drive increase in topline and earnings.  
During Q1 FY17, we reported a healthy 18% increase in revenues to Rs 
2,228 million as compared to Rs 1,893 million in the same period last year. 
These numbers were realized following a combination of factors which 
include expansion in our presence across our key and emerging markets not 
only through our own labs & PSCs but also via extension of the business 
through managed clinics and hospitals. This is then complemented by our 
broad range of routine and esoteric tests. On the whole this has transpired 
into volume growth of 15% delivered in Q1FY17.  
 
Moving on to operating profits; we registered a growth of 23% in EBITDA to 
stand at Rs 604 million as against Rs 492 million. I would like to point out 
that normalized EBITDA growth is 17.3% post exclusion of the ESOP charge 
in Q1FY16.  
As an organization we undertake continual efforts to improve on key 
measures of operational excellence which involves implementing various 
cost initiatives on a sustainable basis. The increase in EBITDA is also 
attributable to our benefits we derive from the scale of our operations 
which serves as an advantage for the Company.  This quarter however we 
are also seeing the impact from annual wage increases effected for the year 
along with increase in cost of consumption due to higher volume of lower 
margin business.  

 
Page 7 of 25 
 
The PAT for Q1 FY17 enhanced 30% to Rs.402 million from Rs. 310 million in 
the previous year and reflecting the growth shown in the top line. 
On the whole, Q1 provided a solid start to this year and we are committed 
to capturing broader industry trends in the sector by evaluating 
opportunities within each growth driver, be it penetration in various 
markets or expansion of tests catalogue. We are simultaneously progressing 
well on strengthening our back end facilities. I am happy to state that we are 
on track with work related to our new reference labs at Kolkata and 
Lucknow. Thus these efforts along with the many small and big initiatives to 
enhance operations will improve our profitability and ensure better ability 
to provide services to an extended patient base and deliver results in a more 
efficient manner. We are well equipped with the financial resources, 
expertise and capacity to execute as per our blueprint and thereby capture 
growth and eventually deliver returns. 
With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks and request the 
moderator to open the forum for Questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin with the Question-
and-Answer Session. We have the first question from the line of Pritesh 
Chheda from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Could you give us some flavor on the growth rates which have now come 
down to about 16-17% versus a fairly higher number, some quarters and 
years back? Second, if you could help us bisect the growth into NCR and 
non-NCR and your assessment on the NCR market? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: First part, if you look at our growth rates, last year we grew at 20% and year 
before that we grew at 18%. So for the last three years, our growth rates 
have been in similar range, so it has not come down unless you are talking 
about many years back, that time our base was very small. Buut our growth 
rates have been in the similar range of about 18% to 20% in the last two-
three years.  
Your second question is a good question, Since we started our our business  
from Delhi, so obviously the contribution from Delhi was always very high, 
but I am glad to share that our overall dependence on Delhi as a business is 
reducing with time. Today rest of India contributes to about 55% of the 
business as against at some point in time it used to be 90% and 80% and we 
are fully aware that since our Delhi business is very large, our growth rates 
right now are more or less in line/ slightly lower than all India growth but we 
are growing very fast in rest of India and rest of India geography being 
larger, we are fully protected even if there is a slight dip in the Delhi NCR. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Can you quantify the growth rate in your NCR? 

 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I must also qualify that quarter-to-quarter growth rates are not really 
representative for that region, because as you may be aware in some 
quarters sometimes inflation rates are very high, but however for the 
current quarter Delhi NCR has grown at about 13%, rest of India has grown 
about 22% giving us an average of 18%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Over the last two-three years, has this 13% number kept on coming down if 
you look at from yearly basis and we forget quarterly? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Not really, it hovers around 13-15% sometimes 16% , that is the way it has 
been. It is not very sharply fluctuating right now. But over a period of time, 
yes, it has come down, but for the last two to three years it has been 
between that 13% to 15%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shweta Karia from Batlivala 
and Karani Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shweta Karia: 
My first question is can you give us a brief breakup geography wise revenue, 
North India vis-à-vis the other regions including the international one? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: We actually have decided right now to not to give geographical numbers on 
a quarterly basis as that is not the way we look at it. However, I think you 
would have seen our yearly numbers, North contributes nearly 70% of our 
turnover and followed by East and then South and West. So that is the way 
our numbers look like. 
Shweta Karia: 
Another question is could you give us the list of main tests and their 
contribution if not quarterly, then maybe on a yearly basis? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Our top-10 tests are very routine in nature; tests like Thyroid Profile, Vitamin 
D, CBC, Haemogram, Glucose and things like that and I may not have these 
exact numbers readily available in front of me, but a single test will not 
contribute more than 2 or 3% of the total portfolio. So, it is a very-very wide 
spread sort of contribution by each test, but in the top-10 list you will have 
test like Thyroid Profile,  Vitamin D, Liver Function Test, Kidney Function 
Test, which very routine tests in nature. 
Shweta Karia: 
Your CAPEX guidance for the coming two years? 
Dilip Bidani: 
If you look at our CAPEX profile for the last couple of years, it is in the region 
of about Rs.30 crore a year and in addition we are investing in the two 
Regional Reference Labs at Kolkata and Lucknow, each of which other than 
land will be consuming about Rs.40-45 crore. So that is going to be over the 
next three years, because Lucknow construction work has not yet started, 
but Kolkata has already in full swing. 

 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Dalal from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Alok Dalal: 
Your volume growth in the quarter was 15%. What was the volume growth 
in 1Q’16 Vs 1Q’15, it would be in a similar range? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I think so. Last year, on a yearly basis we grew more on volumes than on 
value because we had a Dengue outbreak in the second quarter that 
brought down the average. Volume growth last year last quarter also was 
15%. 
Alok Dalal: 
Sir, second question was the fees to Collections Center Rs.22 crore. Sir, how 
much is the revenue generated from this fees to Collection Center, in the 
sense how much do you pay the franchisees for them to generate that much 
sale? 
Dilip Bidani: 
If you look at the fees to Collection Centers, we pay them revenue share of 
20% to 30% depending on the location and region and what is the potential 
of the market and based on that this number is translated on an overall 
basis at about 9%  to total revenue. 
Alok Dalal: 
This trend has more or less remains intact over the last year or two years? 
Dilip Bidani: 
It is largely intact; ranges from 9-10%. 
Alok Dalal: 
What is the investment that a franchisee has to make if it wants to get on 
your panel and what is the breakeven time for a franchisee? 
Dilip Bidani: 
If you look at the investment that is required for a franchisee, depending on 
the size of the unit and the kind of location it is in which city or town or tier 
of the town, it can be anywhere from Rs.3 -7 lakhs. Basically, if you look at 
the investment that he needs to make is in the small center, do up the 
interiors, invest in refrigerator, centrifuge phlebotomy chair, reception, 
computer, printer and so on. So that really sets up his shop so to say and 
then he is good to go. We do not monitor how much is the return for him, 
but it can be quite significant as a return on investment in certain locations. 
Alok Dalal: 
Why would a franchisee consider Dr. Lal versus say another organized 
competitor, any thoughts on that? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
In the service industry, it is you take a lot of time into putting into effect 
your actual model and we did this thing first, in fact, we are the first people 
in the world who brought in franchising in the healthcare. So nobody does it 
better than us, it is like asking a local mithai shop , why can you not become 
McDonald’s?. So we have been doing this but the basis of our success in this 

 
Page 10 of 25 
 
collection center Franchising is because of our laser sharp focus on quality 
of the result and turnaround time to the patient. 
Alok Dalal: 
Sir, when you set up these large Reference Labs, what is the breakeven time 
for those? 
Dilip Bidani: 
So far we have only set up one national reference laboratory which has paid 
for itself several times in the last five years itself. However, having said that, 
that would not be the best way to evaluate the Reference Lab financials 
simply because Reference Lab is something which builds up the market in its 
radius of 300 to 400 Kms and it is not as if that Reference Lab is itself getting 
walk-ins or getting customers to come in at that lab. It is a complete 
ecosystem which we create by setting up these Regional Reference Labs and 
which drives business from across that entire region ranging from 300-400 
Kms and that is the kind of the cluster approach which we believe can be 
anywhere with the new kind of investments and the kind of facility that we 
are setting up, it may take four to five years to recover the cost, but 
definitely it is something which we are looking at it for a longer-term rather 
than quick payback alone. 
Alok Dalal: 
Now you are expanding into East and you are expanding into Central India. 
It is the same franchisee model that you will use. Given that reputation is 
the biggest risk that your company may face or your business may face, how 
do you ensure that as you expand now with this franchisee model that each 
franchisee maintains the standards that you are looking for? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
That is what I tried to mention earlier also. So what we have done in say one 
geographical area say the North of India, Central India and by the way in 
East we have been there for over 20, 25-years, so that is not a new territory 
for us. So what we will do with the coming in up the Reference Labs, that 
nidus which was not there earlier where we could test everything,  that is 
going to be created. So we are very upbeat on this that the market will take 
this as very-very big kind of commitment from us and we will be able to do 
much more justice not only to the East but to the Far East, Northeast, which 
has been neglected Eastern part of India, i.e. Bihar and also Eastern U.P. So 
that is what we feel. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sangam Iyer from Subhkam. 
Please go ahead. 
Sangam Iyer: 
Sir, when we look at the Reference Labs like Kolkata coming up in maybe a 
year’s time or so, how should one be looking at the overall growth for the 
company because we have the presence already there in East, so how much 
would be the incremental contribution that we are factoring in here? 

 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I think that is a very good question and very important to our strategy going 
forward. Our model is such that we have central lab doing the entire test 
menu. So when samples get collected at collection centers or pick up points, 
then they travel to nearest lab and nearest lab is in the same city which is 
doing routine test but for the high end test all samples have to come to 
central labs. Right now, we have only one central lab in Rohini that is 
servicing the entire country. This central lab in Delhi which we shifted to  
Rohini in 2010, we actually saw a huge spurt in growth in North of India. 
That is our experience, that by putting a good quality central lab, there  is a 
kicker which we see on the top line. We already have a critical mass both in 
east and central region nearly about Rs.100 crore each and we believe that 
the moment we have a central lab there, it not only helps us to derisk from 
dependence on our Rohini Lab but we go closer to the market and we 
believe that we will be able to see a huge multiplier effect on top line in 
these regions, and our level of confidence is very high because it is backed 
by the success we have seen in Rohini Lab earlier. 
Sangam Iyer: 
In a steady state for example say next year onwards when Kolkata comes 
on, and say for the next two to three years when we say we should be 
completely breaking even there, can Kolkata be another say Rs.500-600 
crore kind of run rate potential there, how should one be looking at as an 
individual entity growing into? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Yes, the only parallel I can draw to help you on that analysis is that if you 
look at our Delhi business in 2005 was about Rs.35 crore or so and last 10-
years this number has grown 10x and lot of aggression has gone in 
marketing activities and of course building up the central lab. Kolkata today 
as a city has a similar number as what we had in Delhi. Even if you discount 
for the purchasing power being lower there, even if you discount for higher 
institutional business than what we have in Delhi, easily we believe that if  
not 10x, then atleast 5x this number could really grow to and we have also 
seen as the city grows bigger it has a huge positive rub-off on the entire 
region and entire Northeast, Odisha, even of course Bangladesh, all these 
markets will really get simulated and we do believe that we will have a 
kicker in our growth rates. Now, at this point in time, it is very difficult to put 
a number but definitely it will be much higher than what we are currently 
clocking. 
Sangam Iyer: 
Just taking that one step ahead, in terms of releasing of your capacity at 
your Delhi facility, the main lab, how much of that would actually happen 
with this Regional facility coming in and is there an incremental sales 
initiative that we need to put in some other geographies within the 
Northern India which are untapped so far for us which could actually help us 
compensate for the shift in the capacity? 

 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: For us the capacity is essentially the release of space. Otherwise, testing 
capacity is virtually free of fall, because a lot of these vendors they just 
come put machine on lease and rental basis. So space in fact it will help us 
because currently we are looking at much more space for Delhi. So I 
presume that whatever gets shifted to Kolkata, I do not need to hire 
additional space. So, I do not think that should be concern for anyone that 
how will that capacity be utilized. 
Sangam Iyer: 
No, I meant that on an incremental opportunity perspective when we look 
at it, are there areas in the north which earlier because of the kind of not 
being the only centre which was doing all the testing, so limitations on that 
front now gets opened up because of your two regional centers coming up 
would open up opportunities in terms of catering to newer markets within 
the Northern India? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I do not think so. Currently, I think we are catering to most of the 
geographies from here. So I do not think that will be an upside. 
Sangam Iyer: 
You said that currently East and Central contributes Rs.100 crore each to 
your overall…? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I have just given a ballpark figure. 
Sangam Iyer: 
Of which Kolkata itself is around say Rs.35-40-odd crore approximately? So 
would there be not a cannibalization to the extent of Rs.100 crore at least in 
the first two years when you have the regional center there because it 
would not be contributing too much incrementally, is just a shifting of space 
from Delhi to Kolkata, from testing perspective it would not add too much in 
the initial stages? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I think clearly we are right now looking at this as marketing investment.  
Both these cities Kolkata as well as Lucknow are big medical hubs. The 
moment you take high end testing closer to the market, we will become a 
preferred brand in that market. Today lot of business is actually traveling 
out of many other players. So I am not looking at these investments in the 
short-term from supply side, I am more looking at from a demand side and I 
do see immediately when the labs come on, demand should grow faster. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chiraj Talati from Kotak. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Talati: 
Just I wanted a couple of figures from you; what would be the absolute 
number of samples tested in Q1 FY 17 and also in Q1 ’16? 
Dilip Bidani: 
The number of Samples tested has gone up by 15%; Q1 FY15 is 6.19 million , 
Q1 FY 16 is 7.15 million  

 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from 
Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Nair: 
Just two or three questions: Firstly, what is a normal quarter in terms of no 
spike due to any particular outbreak this quarter or anything in the base last 
quarter, so is this a normalized growth 17% that we can look at? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I think broadly it is that, only the one thing which you should keep in mind is 
that as we mentioned earlier that we do keep taking price increases in parts, 
so this time one part of our business in Delhi NCR we did take a price 
increase, so that was only for a short period, it is not for entire quarter, that 
maybe the only thing, otherwise it is a normal quarter. 
Prashant Nair: 
Just following up on that, when you said you take a price increase for short 
periods, so how does that work – is it for a particular point in time after 
which it reverts back to the earlier pricing or do you end up being higher on 
pricing to some extent every year? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Many years back we used to take for the entire country at one go. We 
realized that is not a good idea. So we have three layers of pricing – one 
layer is national price, second layer is local price, third layer is customer 
specific pricing. We take increases in phases. So first we will take for 
national sales price. Since we have 172 Labs, each lab will have a local sales 
price change. It tends to normalize the curve. So this time we have taken a 
price increase for national sales price and we will keep taking it as we go 
along every two to three months. As we had mentioned that annualized 
impact of due to price is about 2% in our growth rate that is what we will try 
and achieve going forward. 
Prashant Nair: 
Dilip, can you give an update of what do you expect to spend this year and 
next on the CAPEX front? 
Dilip Bidani: 
Prashant, as far as the CAPEX has been last few years, we have been 
spending around Rs.30-35 crore per year other than the Regional Reference 
Labs. So there is a similar trend in Q1  also there and that should continue 
and that will get topped up with Rs.40-45-50 crore worth of capex for 
Regional Reference Labs for each of them. 
Prashant Nair: 
Over what timeframe would you spend this Rs.80-odd crore on the two 
Regional Reference Labs, would it be done by fiscal ’19? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: December ’18- Lucknow, September ’17 is Kolkata. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 14 of 25 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Why can you not expedite the Lucknow, on a  rented space and then you 
have your own facility to move with there, why does it take so long for you 
to establish being set up? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: First of all, life of a Reference Lab is very-very long, like the first lab we had 
lasted for almost 50-60-years and Rohini is also our own space. So we 
always believe that if we take something on rent, you always have a risk of 
losing it if the landlord tells you to go and then we will have to vacate it, and 
plus right now it is not an urgent thing for us to put up a central lab, because 
U.P. can easily be serviced from Delhi. So that is why we pasted that way, 
but otherwise it is not that we have missed opportunity by not having a 
central lab in U.P. right now. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
But earlier you were acknowledging the growth can be much higher from 
the current growth because samples are going to other players will come to 
you faster turnaround, better visibility, so you are not going to be in a 
rented space for long, it is a matter of a few years, maybe a year or two? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: To that extent, we already have a big lab in Kanpur through our joint 
venture. Kanpur Lab has a very good test menu per se. Though the space 
may not be very large, but we have the capability of doing that kind of test 
menu which may not be to the extent of Reference Lab, but we are not 
losing out by not having it as of now, and plus it also helps to put a large 
facility once you have taken a critical mass to a particular level. I think we 
are slightly short on that. So let us just see how it goes. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
This three-year time you are saying in Lucknow, it is the construction time is 
going to take three years? 
Dilip Bidani: 
That is right, it is an entire building which we are constructing on a plot of 
land owned by us. So it will be a large construction, it is not a small shop 
that we are setting at, it is not a satellite lab. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggrawal from IDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Aggrawal: 
On Kolkata, you mentioned that once the lab comes in, you will be able to 
do tests which are probably being done by others. So what is the dynamic in 
the market right now – are there other players who are doing these tests or 
there are these tests which the market tests sort of starved off, how does 
the Reference Lab change things for you there? 
 Dr. Arvind Lal: 
These tests which are very-very high-ended in nature currently, they are all 
coming to Delhi from Kolkata, because there is no facility in the whole of 
North, East and Eastern part of U.P. also, which can service such tests. Of 
course, we can have an argument  that the logistics and the courier systems 

 
Page 15 of 25 
 
are so good that the flight time between Delhi and Kolkata is hardly 2:20 hrs 
or whatever, but the fact of the matter is you have to be very close to the 
patient and you have got to give him not only accuracy but the first 
turnaround time and not only piece on the cake, but the size of the cake 
also increases if you have your presence there and this is our experience, 
after setting up the Rohini Lab. 
Nitin Aggrawal: 
So these tests right now none of the regional players are also looking to do 
these tests closer to the patients? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
That is correct. 
Nitin Aggrawal: 
Although you have been in Kolkata for a while, but are the dynamics in 
terms of the way of reference fees and all other packages which work in the 
industry very different in the North compared to the other parts of the 
country that you already are in? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: These prices are the same or lower. The problem is that in the high ended 
test for Cancer, for Endocrine Tests, Molecular Diagnostics, etc., the facility 
is only right now available in Delhi, and that is what we are doing. 
Nitin Aggrawal: 
But as you mentioned bulk of your revenue really comes from the very 
normal tests, how much were different does it a lab which is doing high end 
tests closer to the patient really make a difference on the overall volumes 
per se? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: The way it works is that it is not either, or, both segments are very important 
and high end tests actually help you to build your brand on quality, accuracy 
and puts you on the cutting edge of Pathology; however, the moment you 
build your brand there and you are able to create value but you unlock that 
value by getting aggressive in the routine tests. So it is one segment helping 
the other. Also, it is not the patient for high end test is different for routine 
test, because the guy who is going to get tested for high end will always 
have routine tests also is a part of the prescription. I think it is a little matter 
of convenience we make these two segments separate, but it is a part of the 
same continuum. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from J.P. 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Like you mentioned that a lot of your tests are more routine tests. There is a 
sense that probably the unorganized part in the industry which is pretty 
large is discounting sharply on pricing for these routine tests. Is that a vie for 
the industry of organized players like us and therefore putting pressure on 
pricing, what are you seeing in the market particularly for the routine test? 

 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Dr. Om P Manchanda:  As a team we always have to keep that in mind, because we cannot take 
price increases very often, in any case its highly competitive because there 
are so many labs and we believe at some point in time customers are willing 
to pay premium but you should not get outpriced, but my experience is 
people are willing to pay premium as long as they have confidence and trust 
in the quality and these smaller players who are deeply discounting, their 
quality & variations are quite visible.  The good news for people like us is 
that frequency of these testing is very high. So the opportunity for the 
patient to compare results from one lab versus other or the variation, the 
experience when they go to multiple visits to smaller labs, really helps us to 
demonstrate our quality. So while your point is right, we also have to keep 
our cost structure tight to see that we do not get out price. 
Neha Manpuria: 
On the answer that you have mentioned, do we see opportunity to reduce 
our cost base as it operates today other than obviously operating leverage 
from high utilization of our Reference Labs? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: The cost base reduction is definitely can be achieved by franchising our 
collection center as much as possible. We need to make sure that we do not 
unnecessarily expand our Lab infrastructure, because at one level it helps us 
to grow but at the same time it is also adding to the overhead structure. So 
invariably our industry people normally tend to take pride in saying, “I have 
so many labs.” So I am little careful on that aspect. So I need to put up a lab 
only if it is required to meet testing requirements. As far as the customer 
footfall or traffic is concerned, we should try and achieve that through 
collection center that too through franchisee network. That is how we are 
able to keep this model asset-light. 
Neha Manpuria: 
The number we mentioned roughly 5,000 Collection Points, are those all 
franchisees or the Patient Service Center own, how is the 5,000 number 
split up? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 5,000 are not collection points, they are actually Pick-up Points. So the 
difference between Pick-up Points and Collection is that in Collection Point, 
they are partners, they are representing brand, they have branded outlets, 
while Pick-up Points are actually like Hospitals and smaller labs, they 
outsource high-end test to us. 
Neha Manpuria: 
So then the Patient Service Center essentially would be … 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Branded outlet, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 17 of 25 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
I think you mentioned that the industry is growing at 15% to 17% and you 
yourself are growing ballpark in that range. So I am just wondering, should 
you not be gaining market share, what is really holding you back given the 
fact your proposition of a better quality, technology, etc.? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I think it is a good question. Right now, our contribution from Delhi NCR is 
very high and Delhi NCR is definitely not growing as high as one would like, 
because our base is very large, but rest of India as I mentioned on the earlier 
question that growth rate is about 20 - 22%. As the contribution of rest of 
India grows, this growth rate really should move up.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aakash Manghani from BOI 
AXA Managers. Please go ahead. 
Aakash Manghani: 
I had a question on the pricing strategy. I was noticing that your pricing over 
the last 3-4-years would have moved at around 1-2% CAGR. What will be 
the differential in NCR and non-NCR currently in terms of pricing and what is 
the policy on pricing annually? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: In North India, we have very high walk-in component compared to other 
parts of India. Since we have built consumer-facing brands, our ability to 
take price increase is also little higher in North of India than in rest of India. 
So we tend to see that we stay competitive and try and gain market share in 
rest of India while in North of India we try and see that our customer service 
levels go up like home collections, give them experience of downloading of 
reports, on the app. So a lot of these service-related initiatives we take so 
that we are able to justify the premium that we command in North of India. 
Aakash Manghani: 
Can you bifurcate the pricing in NCR and non-NCR, average realization per 
patient which is Rs 680 for your company as a whole. How much is the 70% 
of the business and for the remaining 30%? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I am just rounding off this figure rather giving an exact figure; nearly Rs 900 
in Delhi NCR and Rs 550-560 is rest of India. So again one caveat here that 
MRP in rest of India we have very large Institutional business, so it has 
average of net business as well. 
Aakash Manghani: 
How would the non-NCR pricing would have moved in the last two to three 
years? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Non-NCR I think on institutional segment, it is quite challenging to take the 
pricing up, while on the consumer-facing business it would have moved up 
the same 2-3%. 
Aakash Manghani: 
On an overall basis, what is the proportion of sales that come from the 
Institutional segment? 

 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: About 40% of our business is institutional. 
Aakash Manghani: 
What is the pricing per patient of a sample you make over there on 
Institutional business? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: I think we can take it offline; I do not have readily available here. 
Aakash Manghani: 
Once your Kolkata Regional Center comes up, what is the sort of 
cannibalization you see over there? I am pretty sure lot of your high-end 
tests are coming from there to the Delhi Lab. So once that comes up, 
business from here will move over there, right. So is any ballpark number 
that you can tell me based on current business? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: In terms of value, it is about 20%, but I do not think that is the way we look 
at it. Lot of questions are coming around the high-end tests. Let me clarify 
that, these high-end tests are not bio-chemistry or hematology; these high-
end tests are like Molecular Diagnostics, histopathology, Cytogenetics. The 
major advantage of these tests being done closer to market is the 
confidence in the brand. This confidence is in the brand and we are not 
talking about  patients directly, we are talking about top notch doctors in 
that region, because they are key opinion leaders and interaction of those 
top notch doctors with our labs really improves if you are sitting in their own 
markets. So the touch with the market just goes up and it has a huge rub-off 
on samples being sent to us. So I personally believe and this is what we have 
seen, the moment you become the large player in that region you become 
talk of the town. Virtually in ever medical conference you get discussed, 
people talk about Dr. Lal PathLabs coming with a huge lab in East and that is 
what helps you to drive your growth. I believe the growth should be at least 
2x of what we are doing today. 
Aakash Manghani: 
I notice in your opening remarks you sounded very optimistic on the 
expansion of Hospital-based and Clinical Labs. Could you just elaborate on 
what sort of opportunity is over there and what is the business model over 
there? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: As per CRISIL report, roughly half of the Pathology market is inside the 
hospitals. As you know, every hospital has a routine lab. So far we have been 
only tapping that part of the business which is being outsourced to 
Reference Labs. We have realized that with our scale, size and the 
productivity that we have experienced, if we go to these hospitals and say 
that we will manage your labs operationally and we are able to have a 
situation where we are able to protect their margins and also still take out 
some margins for ourselves, may not be to the extent that we make outside 
business but you get a very large captive business. So it is a little bit of high 
volume, low margin business but the market is large. We have had 
experience with about 18-20 such labs. So it is fairly a good business if we 

 
Page 19 of 25 
 
are able to execute some of the business development work. So the reason 
for my optimism is  because the market is large, we have had some traction 
in the past. So we are going to focus more and more on this. Let us see how 
it works. 
Aakash Manghani: 
There is no CAPEX that you would incur? You will just take on the existing 
set up and it will be sort of white label sort of a business, right, it will not be 
branded as Dr. Lal? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: That is a good question actually. Most people are now wanting Dr. Lal brand 
name to be there, because it really helps them to drive traffic to the 
hospital. So we are seeing a model where there is a co-branding between 
hospital and Dr. Lal PathLabs. 
Aakash Manghani: 
So the current 18-20 Labs you are doing is branded as Dr. Lal within the 
hospital? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: They are co-branded and the reports are only available within the hospital, 
they do not move out of the hospitals. 
Aakash Manghani: 
When you say high volume, low margin, what sort of margins are we talking 
about – low 20s? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Our portfolio margin is about 26-27%, this margin would be about 18-20%. 
Aakash Manghani: 
No CAPEX sort of involved from your end materially I am assuming? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Materially, there is no CAPEX because what we do is we take over existing 
machines. If there is a need to replace these machines these vendors in any 
case are willing to put up free of cost. 
Aakash Manghani: 
How big can this business be for you in terms of if you were to put a ballpark 
revenue number to the next 3-4-years? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: It is little early. Right now, I would not put a figure as of today but market is 
large, but it is not easy to tap it either I must qualify that because most 
hospitals by nature they are not used to outsourcing their business, so it is 
lot of business development work and also getting that business is not 
always commercial, because you have to really work on doctors who 
normally tend to prefer their own labs. So it is a large market but not very 
easy to realize, otherwise many players would have gone in there. So it is 
early stage right now for us to put a figure but we will definitely try and see 
if we can make some business out of it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Goel from India 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 20 of 25 
 
Piyush Goel: 
My question is on the clinical side. My understanding is that these large 
three-four organized players use the same kind of reagents and machines 
from the same manufacturers. So is it possible that for a same blood sample 
collected on the same day and sent to two different players, say one to Dr. 
Lal and one to somebody else, is it possible that the clinical outcome of the 
test is different and if yes, then why could that happen? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
It is possible, I often give this example to my entire force, that there is a 
Jumbo Jet Boeing 747, this is flown by Ariana Airways. It is flown by 
Bangladesh Viman, it is flown also by Air India and there is also flown by 
United, Continental, Virgin, etc., So if you were given a free ticket, which 
airline would you fly by, mind you, they all have the same aircraft, the same 
airlines turbine fuel. So you would probably not fly Ariana or Bangladesh 
Viman or Pakistan International. You would probably fly European, 
Continental or Virgin, etc., The reason is that not only do they have the 
equipment, they make sure that the equipment is running to its best peak 
form at all times meaning which that they l oil & grease it well, the 
maintenance is done properly and the person who is behind the wheels that 
is the pathologists or the people who are running that show, they are 
absolutely qualified and last but not the least the lab is highly accredited. 
We are the people who brought in accreditation or quality standards in India 
in the whole of medicine, not only in Pathology, we are the first people. So 
we understand this game very well. It is not that we do different things, but 
we do things differently. So that is all I can say. 
Piyush Goel: 
What percentage of your business comes from wellness and is that business 
growing faster than the rest of the business and if so by what percentage? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Actually if you ask me, it is for any lab it is very-very difficult to classify that 
this test is done for wellness or this test is done for illness, because even in 
wellness also all the tests are routine in nature. So the only way I can think 
of is that every quarter we run certain camp activities, we call them 
preventive health checkups. So that does not mean the sale coming out of 
the preventive health sector, this is only wellness testing, because every 
time also it is happening that way. So I think that number is about Rs.30-40 
crore. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Also, I can add, Piyush, that the incidence of non-communicable diseases or 
lifestyle diseases which are killing 60% of our countrymen, they are headed 
by these ordinary kind of diseases like diabetes, high blood pressure, 
coronary artery disease or cardiac disease and cancer. Cancer is not an 
ordinary disease by the way and many more of course, I am just telling you 
the top four. The problem in India is that it is not that the people have not 
heard about these diseases, they are not coming upfront to get themselves 
tested, for example, a man who is having cardiac diseases he thinks that 
only the guy next to him will have cardiac problems and he will never have. 

 
Page 21 of 25 
 
So he does not go for these kinds of lipid test or blood sugar test, etc., So 
the real problem is the awareness in India will increase. Right now, most of 
the people are coming to us in illness. So if they come in wellness and they 
come say for one test in a year, etc., and everything is normal, they are 
cleared for the next one year, whereas people in India tend to come only 
when they are on their last leg, they have had chest pain, they go to the 
doctor, doctor says, “Oh My God!, You have got one artery or two arteries 
blocked. Now you go back.” Then the whole gamut of testing starts. So that 
is going to change in India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Shah from Allard 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Shah: 
First question is how different is the profitability margins for the business 
which comes from your own labs versus collection centers versus the pick-
up points? 
Dilip Bidani: 
Very interesting question. If you look at the profitability, you will look at 
right from the top line right up down to the bottom line. If you have our 
own outlets, your realization is maximum, because you are getting the 
maximum realization as well, because they are walk-in customers. The 
moment you go for a franchisee, realization starts reducing, because you do 
a revenue share. A pickup point would have even lower realization because 
that is more of a B2B business. However, having said that, with the higher 
realization comes higher cost of infrastructure as well. So net-net, own 
outlets have high realization, higher cost and therefore an X level of 
margins. Net-net we have seen that broadly give or take a bit, they all 
become more or less at the similar level. But each has to be looked at as 
complementing the entire business and therefore you cannot do one 
without the other. Therefore, what we look at is growing all these segments 
simultaneously rather than one at the cost of the other. 
Vishal Shah: 
In terms of sourcing of business like how is the contribution differ between 
the business which is sourced from own labs versus the collection centers 
and Pick-up Points? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Technically, there are only two ways to get business – either the customer 
walks into our stores or we go and pick up samples of somebody else 
facility. Customer walking into our store can walk into these two kinds of 
stores – one is either our own or it is franchisee. Then this testing versus 
collection is a supply side qualification. From the front end side, they serve 
the same purpose as any lab also.  
Vishal Shah: 
One-third is pick-up points but the walk-in customers which come through 
collection centers versus own labs, what is the breakup between that? 

 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: We do not have exact capability of tracking our collection center sale, is it 
fully walk-in or not, I think maybe next couple of years as we are automating 
registration process, we will have this data much more clearly, but our 
guesstimate is roughly 60% of our business is walk-in business which is 
combined between collection and our own. So 40% is our own labs and 
balance 20% would be collection center and rest will be all Pick-up Points. 
Vishal Shah: 
Just to clarify the business which you get from collection centers, it is 
recognized as a gross basis and then you pay out the fee, but the business 
from the Pick-up Points are the institutional, it is recognized on a net basis 
itself? 
Dilip Bidani: 
That is correct. 
Vishal Shah: 
How many Pathologists are there within the organization and how are they 
paid – are they on our roll full time or they are paid up fee? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: They are on our roll full time and about 200 Pathologists. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shweta Karia from Batliwala 
& Karani Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shweta Karia: 
Which are the main and famous standalone centers which Dr. Lal competes 
within the Delhi NCR region like you have Dr. Dangs Pathology, so could you 
just name a few? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
The lab which you are mentioning, they are just one single standalone lab 
and we run 20 labs in Delhi and 250 collection centers. So there is actually 
no contest. It is very insignificant for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chiraj Talati from Kotak. 
Please go ahead. 
Chiraj Talati: 
What would be the percentage of revenues from corporate customer this 
quarter? Has it grown in the past three quarters?? 
Dilip Bidani: 
It is about 12-13% contribution and has grown marginally. 
Chiraj Talati: 
The reason I am asking is when I look at the number of samples per patient 
it seems to have gone down QoQ and has remained flat on YoY basis as well. 
So I was just wondering if the corporate customers are increasing, they 
should also naturally follow that? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Actually, we have seen that this number of samples per patient move 
extremely slowly; I think the average is about 2.1.  It is fairly stable for the 
last couple of years, is what I have seen. It tends to go up when you launch 

 
Page 23 of 25 
 
aggressively these health check-ups because there you will do 50 tests in 
one-go for a one patient. But  your contribution from prescriptive portfolio, 
these always very standard, because you will always have a lower number of 
test per patient because it is done on prescription. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Exactly what I was trying to explain earlier that people are coming to us 
more in illness, they report less number of tests, if they came in wellness 
then that wellness packages would take off which is what we are trying to 
do and those stave off people coming in the end stage, you will be shocked 
to hear that 70% of the renal failures who come to us for dialysis, etc., for 
those tests, they have all been diabetics. So had they checked the diabetiies 
or had they been called for blood sugar much earlier, and been able to 
control it aggressively they would not have landed up in this fashion. So that 
is exactly what you are saying that more and more Indians are coming only 
for small number of tests because they come in the end stage. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Chiraj, this is also a need-based testing. While that wellness kind of testing is 
really pushed very hard and you are not sure about sustainability of that 
kind of test, here it is a pattern which is reflecting the disease pattern in the 
society. 
Chiraj Talati: 
I have got this broader medium to longer term question, do you have a set 
percentage in mind where you would like to kind of cap or where you would 
want to have your wellness revenues as a percentage of overall sales 
because it would also be margin-dilutive to overall performance I guess? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: We are not looking at that. I think I use that particular opportunity to really 
broad-base our customer base so that the wellness advantage is that your 
customer base becomes much bigger and we have also seen that large 
number of corporates coming in and you will get corporate business more 
through wellness. But since our number of patients is so large this ratio will 
move. So one change that we are doing is slightly of structural change 
where we are creating corporate business teams just focus on corporate 
business. I do not have any number which says that “Okay, I will target this 
much of business from wellness or corporate.” But we want to get 
aggressive in this segment as of now. 
Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Secondly, when Health Insurance really kicks in, right now as you know 
Health Insurance is only paid for IPD patient, not OPD. So once this segment 
is opened up, they will get many more tests for finding out what they are 
having and rather not coming last stage where they have got everything. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal 
Oswal Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Atul Mehra: 
Sir, in terms of understanding the model, what I tend to believe is you would 
have at any given point in time spare capacity where you can accommodate 
many more tests on a given day, etc., So if there is a case that so you could 
perhaps build a plan where a family can have comprehensive tests across 
various categories so that they do not come in at the last stage and you 
could really package this well and use your excess capacity because it is 
nothing to you perhaps in terms of incremental cost. So do you think there 
is an opportunity of this sort where you could perhaps bring in something 
really differentiated to the market and obviously helpful to the consumers 
as well? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Yes, I agree with you, because incremental cost of doing these tests is very 
low, because you are loading the same tube, instead of doing two, you can 
do five tests, incremental cost will be low but realization will be higher. That 
is where this whole wellness and preventive health checkup does help. But 
it is very important that at the same time we must know that patients are 
not that educated to really interpret these reports. In our business the 
demand cycle is it is a three-way process, there is interaction parallel going 
on with the doctor as well. Last thing you want is your patient to feel that 
something has been pushed to him or her which was actually not required. 
So it has to be done in a manner where you are trying to solve a problem, 
because patient to our premises is coming to find a solution to the problem 
rather than being told that get these three-four tests done. We need to be a  
little careful on that. Lot of questions are coming related to capacity 
whether it is underutilized or over-utilized or we have constraints. So I just 
want to tell everyone that we have a very large part of our portfolio which is 
highly automated. Capacity buying or putting additional capacity is not an 
issue in that because we just have to put one more machine, the capacity 
moves up very fast. There are only two or three departments where manual 
component is very high than technical component like Histopathology or 
Cytogenetics or Genetics where capacity is not in terms of space, it is 
actually in terms of more manpower that we require and that percentage of 
our portfolio would be about 10-15%. 85% of our business is such if 
required, we can increase the capacity immediately, all we have to do is just 
dial vendor and say that you put ten more machines or five more machines, 
they will put up. 
Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Instead of ten machines, put one big one which has the throughput. 
Atul Mehra: 
So do we intend to do some of these because I also look at this perhaps 
maybe from it is being a pure B2C business so in lot other businesses that 
we look at there is obviously some level of royalty program and I am sure 
there is a different kind of business but where I am coming at is the level of 
engagement that you could tend to have with the customer at a very early 
age and that could really flow so whenever there is any kind of issue that 
you would face, then obviously he would come to you the second time as 

 
Page 25 of 25 
 
well. So it is perhaps a way of recruiting new customers for you. So would 
you tend to look at something like this? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Absolutely, I think that is a great point you are making. We are looking at our 
model moving from transaction to engagement model. The engagement 
model for us if you are thinking of loyalty points and giving discounts, that is 
not the way we look at it. We are looking at value added services to patients 
like he or she can get all the previous visit reports on the app and any time 
doctor wants to talk to our customer care or doctor has any clarification, 
home collection, those kind of services we are giving so that we stay 
engaged with the patient. As Dr. Lal mentioned lifestyle diseases incidence 
going up, so there are patients who really want to monitor their progress of 
disease. So we are able to probably put together collation of reports where 
on multiple visits see how the readings are moving and those kind of 
services and that is where the loyalty will build and we are all really seeing 
benefits of some of these services. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
The patient or the individual has to become gradually more responsible for 
his own health. Right now everything is put on the shoulders of the doctor, 
asks doctor, “What happened?.” All the angst is taken against the doctor. So 
India’s wellness concept has to change. Every day we are talking about GST, 
etc., If the lifestyle diseases could be arrested, India would have another 2% 
extra GDP because of these diseases being conquered. We are not saying, 
never being conquered, but to curtail them. So we are just one end one bit 
of the whole supply chain that without finding out what your reading say 
blood sugar or cholesterol, HDL, etc., are or liver function test or kidney 
function test, no doctor can tell you what is wrong and 70% of all clinical 
decisions are based on Pathology tests. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question and we will 
now close question queue. I would like to hand the floor back to the 
management for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: Thank you to all of you for being present with us for the duration of this call. 
Should you have any further queries, you may get in touch with us and we 
would be glad to address them. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of Dr. Lal PathLabs that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
