
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Sagar Cements Limited 
Q1 FY17 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 29, 2016 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Sagar Cements’ Q1 FY17 
Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa of CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Gavin Desa 
Good day everyone and welcome to Sagar Cements’ Q1 FY17 Analysts and 
Investor call. We have with us today Mr. Sreekanth Reddy – The Executive 
Director; Mr. K. Prasad – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. P. S. Prasad – President-
Marketing. 
We will begin this conference call with the opening remarks from the management 
following which we will have the floor open for an interactive Q&A session. Before 
we begin I would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and note to this effect was stated in 
the con call invite sent to you earlier. We trust you had a chance to see them and 
go through the documents about the financial performance. 
I would now like to handover to Mr. Reddy to make his opening remarks. 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to Sagar Cements’ Earnings 
Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. I will start the discussion with 
a brief overview of the key sectorial developments following which I will move on to 
our quarterly performance. 
 
Pricing remains somewhat subdued across our key markets for the quarter when 
compared with the previous period. In addition to soft demand, realizations have 
also remains a bit subdued for the quarter. Pricing though appears to have been 
stabilizing however the period in review it continues to remain lower than the 
previous period. 
 
The situation though appears to be improving on the ground and the expected pick 
up in government infrastructure projects coupled with good monsoons demand and 
pricing is expected to improve even further going forward. 
 
Moving towards Sagar’s quarterly performance Q1 was a challenging quarter for 
the company with overall macro conditions remaining weak characterized by the 
soft demand and over realizations we request you to review the results in context 
of the aforesaid environment. 
 
Let me briefly mention the key operational developments before I move on to the 
financial highlights of the quarter. As you all must be aware the company’s board 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
has given an in principle approval for the acquisition of a grinding unit of 181,500 
tons per annum owned by Toshali Cements Private Limited. The acquisition of this 
unit which is located in Bayyavaram, Vizag district of Andhra Pradesh is expected 
to cost Rs. 60 crore inclusive of the transaction cost. 
 
Post the acquisition we plan to scale up the capacity to 300,000 tons per annum. 
The acquisition will help us lower our logistics costs and help us introduce slag 
cement to serve the markets in North and coastal districts of AP namely 
Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram, Srikakulam and some parts of South Orissa. 
 
Moving on to the financials. Net sales for the Sagar during the quarter stood at Rs. 
136 crore as against Rs. 185 crore during Q1 FY16. While on a consolidated basis 
the overall sales for the quarter stood at Rs. 197 crore. EBITDA for Sagar stood at 
Rs. 13 crore as against Rs. 38 crore during the same quarter last year while on a 
consolidated basis the same stood at Rs. 26 crore. 
 
EBITDA margins at a consolidated basis stood at 13%. Average fuel costs for 
Sagar during the quarter was at Rs. 779 per ton as against Rs. 801 per ton. This is 
slightly lower owing to imported coal and also better efficiency from the plant. The 
average fuel cost for BMM for the quarter stood at Rs. 818 per ton. Freight cost for 
Sagar stood at Rs. 558 per ton as against Rs. 651 during the same quarter last 
year. Lower expenses primarily are on account of the reduced leads distances. 
 
Freight cost for BMM stood at Rs. 615 per ton for the quarter. PAT for Sagar stood 
at Rs. 5 crore as against Rs. 23 crore during Q1 FY16 while on a consolidated 
basis loss after tax stood at Rs. 26 lakhs. From an operational point of view 
Sagar’s Mattampally plant operated at 57% utilization level while BMM operated at 
62% during the quarter. Of the total sales approximately 55% of the dispatches on 
the consolidated basis were made in markets outside of Andhra Pradesh and 
Telangana. 
 
With Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Karnataka being the top 3 markets for us 
during the quarter.  
  
As far as the key balance sheet items are concerned the gross debt as on 30 June 
2016 on a standalone basis stood at Rs. 195 crore out of which Rs. 118 crore is 
long term debt and the remaining constitutes the working capital. While on the 
consolidated basis the gross debt stood at Rs. 440 crore out of which Rs. 335 crore 
is the long term. 
 
Net worth of the company on the consolidated basis as on 30 June 2016 stood at 
Rs. 549 crore. Debt-to-equity ratio stands at 0.61:1; cash and bank balances were 
Rs. 6 crore as on 30 June. 
 
That concludes my opening remarks. We would now be glad to take any questions 
that you may have. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Nitesh Jain from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitesh Jain 
Sir, I have two questions. If I look at your presentation slide 9, for the Mattampally 
plant, the drop in realization on a Q-o-Q basis it is like much sharper than the drop 
for the BMM plant. So can you explain like the majority of price correction 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
happened in the Telangana or the Coastal Andhra region this time around in this 
quarter? And how is the situation now like as far as the Mattampally Sagar Cement 
is concerned? Are we back to the Q4 realization level? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, coming back to the question about the realizations in the Northern part of 
South yeah, they have been very depressive during the most part of the last 
quarter. As stated earlier even during my previous conference call the prices 
declined starting from February 15, 2016 onwards up to May 15 more or less the 
prices were very, very subdued. From May 15 onwards we are started seeing 
some increase in prices. But we only started realizing the increased prices we 
started seeing only from middle of June. We would like to state that most of the 
prices have reasonably come back to the old prices. But this impacted mostly the 
markets of Telangana, North Karnataka and North Coastal districts of AP. 
Fortunately the other parts of South barring very small dilution most of it remains 
fairly stable across all the timelines what I have mentioned. 
Nitesh Jain 
And sir, the secondly on your comment on the pricing situation for Maharashtra 
market. If I look at the same slide 9 the Maharashtra realization you mentioned and 
it appears to be very low like Rs. 2,750? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
In this case most of our sale is on an ex-cost basis or an ex godown basis. So the 
price tends to look low. Of course it is low but not as low as this cannot be 
compared Apple-to-Apple. Because it is on the most of the sale has happened on 
an ex-godown or an ex-plant kind of a thing. 
Nitesh Jain 
And sir, lastly if you can share what are the current retail prices for us or broadly in 
the major cities like Hyderabad, Chennai, Bangalore right now? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Hyderabad has come back to Rs. 280 kind of a level. We exited the quarter were 
somewhere around Rs. 250 odd but for most part of the Q1 quarter was hovering 
anywhere between Rs. 200 to Rs. 220. Now most part of the July the average price 
is around Rs. 280 in Hyderabad. Now Bangalore more or less remained at the 
same bracket of around Rs. 325 to Rs. 340 kind of a range. Chennai also is in the 
same vicinity of Rs. 335 to Rs. 345 kind of a range which was also the exit time for 
us during the Q1. 
Nitesh Jain 
So it appears sir that Chennai prices have come up like I remember they used to 
be like Rs. 380, Rs. 400 few months back? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No I think Chennai prices for us at least they have remained more or less on a 
similar kind of a number. Yeah our reading in April was around Rs. 345. So 
typically during these times it is slightly down but we are almost reading Rs. 340 to 
Rs. 345 kind of a range. Even Bangalore was around Rs. 320 during the April-May 
more or less that slightly got consolidated at Rs. 325. Hyderabad what was around 
Rs. 200 to Rs. 225 slowly inched up to around Rs. 280 number by the end of May 
to early part of June. June and July we are more or less realizing around Rs. 280 
kind of a number. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratibh Agarwal from Reliance 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Pratibh Agarwal 
Couple of questions sir, first one regarding your Toshali acquisition. So what I 
wanted to know was the current capacity utilization of that unit? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
The current capacity of the unit is 0.1815 million. The utilization is almost in the 
range of around 70%. 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Pratibh Agarwal 
And sir, regarding that your ramping up to 3 lakhs tons so when can we expect that 
to happen? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
During the Q4 of this year itself. Because we are shifting one of the idle equipment 
that we have in the Sagar Mattampally unit.. We expect it to commission 
somewhere around early part of Q4. 
Pratibh Agarwal 
Also, that Rs. 60 crore acquisition amount so how will it be sourced? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
The internal accrual is in the range of around Rs. 20 crore to Rs. 25 crore and the 
rest is a debt. 
Pratibh Agarwal 
And sir like have you say that it would be increased and the capacity would be 
expanded by quarter 4 so what kind of capacity utilization it will touch in FY18? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
70% sir, we are looking at a minimum of 70% utilization for that particular asset. 
Pratibh Agarwal 
In FY18 also, sir? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah for FY18 itself we are looking at around 80% because the current year we 
are barely going to run it for maybe two or three months. So it would be difficult for 
us to talk about the capacity utilization for the current year but next year we expect 
it to be north of 70%. 
Pratibh Agarwal 
And sir, just I have one more question regarding that consolidated depreciation 
number in this for the quarter 1. So it is around Rs. 11.3 crore. So sir, I just wanted 
to know that this kind of figure would continue in the subsequent quarters also or is 
there any one off element for this quarter? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I think it is a continuity and we should expect it to be in that range. 
Pratibh Agarwal 
As I was comparing it with FY16 number that depreciation number that is Rs. 33.6 
crore so just wanted to know whether it seemed to be a bit high. So just wanted to 
know whether is this a normal or has a one off this Rs. 11.3 crore for quarter 1 in 
FY17 the June quarter? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See what has happened during the last year there was a capitalization of few of the 
capital works in progress that has happened during that time. So it was done for 
the half year and subsequently it got rationalized. Now we expect it to continue at 
Rs. 11 crore for quarter-on-quarter. 
Pratibh Agarwal 
And sir, just if I could ask one more question regarding that power and fuel per ton 
consol number. It seemed to be a bit still high like at Rs. 1,121 per ton. So sir, 
could we expect this to go down in future? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See what one has to look from a context of what is the kind of product mix that we 
make. It is 60% OPC and 40% PPC. Now so you have to look at up to 
clinkerization we are sub 50 electrical units per ton. Of course we are putting 
enough effort to optimize on the consumption. And at the same time as and when 
the waste heat recovery would get commissioned over next 15 to 18 months we do 
expect a sharp drop going forward. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwala from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Murtuza Arsiwala 
Two questions from my side sir, one is in terms of the demand trends we are 
getting sort of conflicting views on the government demand which is coming in but 
there is not enough data to sort of corroborate. Could you give us some sense of 
how that demand is shaping up and overall how you are seeing demand sort of 
shape up in the near term to medium term? 
 
The second is on the acquisition you mentioned that you are going to ramp up the 
capacity in a very short period of time and you also mentioned that you are just 
going to shift some of the equipment which is there at the existing plant. So what 
would be the CAPEX involved then for something like this just shifting the 
equipment etc I mean is there any meaningful CAPEX involved? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
From a demand perspective, if we have to compare with the last year same time 
yeah the demand is much higher. But last year during the same time the demand 
was very, very subdued. Most of the demand for last year has come during H2. If 
we have to compare with year-on-year, the demand is looking on uptick especially 
for the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana and flat-to-upward bias in 
Karnataka, slightly negative-to-flat in Tamil Nadu and very negative in Kerala. But if 
we have to see as I mentioned that the first half of last year was very, very 
subdued probably was the lowest in lowest H1 in almost 6, 7 years. 
But if we have to go back and compare with similar kind of quarterly performance 
with the previous years more or less it has come back to normal. But our 
assessment again we do not take a very long term view but for the current year our 
reading is that AP and Telangana could move in the range of 5% to 7.5% 
incremental growth. Karnataka we are looking at 2% to 2.5%. Tamil Nadu and 
Kerala put together we expect it to be almost by drop by minus 5%. That would be 
our take on the market. Overall if we have to club the entire South with AP, 
Telangana, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala more or less our assessment is that 
combined volumes could be flat. 
Murtuza Arsiwala 
Thank you sir and on the CAPEX? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Commenting on the capacity expansion in the acquired unit yeah, what we are 
doing is we are shifting a mill which is idle in Sagar. We have factored around Rs. 3 
crore CAPEX for shifting cost and the installation cost there. What you have 
indicated is the total Rs. 66 crore which includes the acquisition cost plus the 
CAPEX and some small additional land all inclusive we have factored around Rs. 
66 crore of CAPEX for acquisition and expanding to 300,000 tons per annum 
capacity. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Valecha from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Valecha 
Sir, my question was on the freight front, what would be the total lead distance the 
consol lead distance that we would be doing today? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See this general reading for us changes from month-to-month but for each of the 
plants what we are trying to target is sub 400 from each of these locations. 
Manish Valecha 
Which would have reduced after BMM acquisition, right? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes sir. 
Manish Valecha 
What was earlier sir? 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
This includes at a consolidated level we are targeting the sub 400 kind of a lead 
distance. Earlier on a standalone it is hover anywhere between 450 to 500 
kilometers from Sagar alone. With the BMM acquisition and with the railway line 
installation the overall target plus the acquisition of Bayyavaram grinding unit from 
each of the locations our average yield distance will be sub 400 kilometers. 
Manish Valecha 
And sir, how much savings would we do from the railway siding that is started in 
the last quarter? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, we just start the initial target still remains intact about Rs. 10 crore per 
annum kind of a saving primarily which is accounting from an inward freight cost 
saving rather outward. The same outlook continues. 
Manish Valecha 
And sir, on the CAPEX so there is about Rs. 65 crore for Toshali and waste heat 
recovery how much we would be spending? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, wasted recovery also is similar Rs. 60 crore. Overall if you have to look at it 
at Sagar it is Rs. 105 crore inclusive of the grinding station. Next year we expect it 
to be around Rs. 60 crore as it stands. 
Manish Valecha 
And on the BMM front so we are doing close to Rs. 870 to Rs. 880 EBITDA per ton 
we did in the first quarter roughly. So what is the status currently are the 
realizations above the Q1 average? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, more or less in that footprint area the average is more or less is looking same. 
There could be a small fine tuning to the tune of around Rs. 900 to Rs. 950 is what 
we assume could be our EBITDA per ton at the BMM level. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
I just wanted some sense from you on how you are looking at the demand outlook 
in AP and Telangana specifically which are the schemes that are driving this 
growth of 5% to 7% that you are looking at for this year? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See the issue here is we are not specifically looking at any of the schemes at this 
point of time because though there is lot of discussion about lot of these schemes 
becoming active but some of them they just kick started but nothing much 
substantially is visible. But bulk of the 5% outlook that we are doing is with the 
ongoing Mission Kakatiya in Telangana and some of the rural spent that we are 
seeing especially with the Panchayati Raj and all. That is what is actually making 
us assume that the demand would grow at 5%. The low cost housing and the big 
ticket irrigation projects we believe might start may be in H2 in a small fashion but 
they might start contributing in a bigger way in the coming year, may not be in the 
current year. That is what is our internal assessment. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Sir, on the irrigation projects specifically because it is discussed so much. Is there 
any contract or tendering which has come to cement industry already? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, I think none of these contracts are taken by the cement industry but we are 
already with the existing contractors. See most of the irrigation projects have 
already been tendered and given it to lot of construction companies. But we have 
not seen any of these construction companies placing orders for cement at this 
point of time though they are in still discussion but nothing concrete has evolved so 
far. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
The other small demand driver at this point of time is there is this Krishna 
Pushkaralu every 12 years like Kumbh Mela in the first half we have Godavari and 
in the second half we have Krishna river Pushkaralu. So both the government are 
spending Rs. 1,500 crore to Rs. 2,000 crore each for improving the bathing ghats 
and the infrastructure hovering around that. That also is holding up the demand for 
the current few months. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
So sir, just to be clear on this. What you are saying is the demand that you are 
seeing right now is eventually driven by the low base of last year and secondly you 
are seeing some spending on the rural side of the roads and the Panchayati roads 
which you have indicated. The big ticket schemes which is the irrigation and the 
low cost housing is yet to really pick up, right? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, correct. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
And just coming to the pricing side. I noticed that there has been a sharp decline in 
the realization in your outside of AP. So why is that I mean what’s driven that 
decline and how are they trending now? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See if you have to look at it if you are commenting about Maharashtra and 
Chhattisgarh most of the sale is on ex-cost or an ex godown basis. So there the 
prices in those areas have been slightly different. But there has not been a 
significant change on a quarter-on-quarter or a month-on-month as far as those 
areas are concerned. The prices in Sholapur, Nanded and all are hovering 
somewhere around Rs. 240 to Rs. 250 kind of a range even in the past. Even now 
the prices are in the same kind of thing. The biggest impacts for us happened in 
Telangana and Northern parts of AP and northern part of Karnataka where during 
the Q1 last year Hyderabad was in the range of around Rs. 305 to Rs. 320. So 
average for Q1 for the current Q1 was hovering anywhere between Rs. 200 to Rs. 
225. Same would be the case in North Karnataka places like Bidar and all they 
were also in a similar bracket. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
But this Rs. 225 average is now back to Rs. 280, right? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, now it is come back to Rs. 280 but that happened only in the first week or 
second week of June onwards. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
And how do you see the current trend you will see further strengthening to these 
levels or we may probably see again see some correction as we are in to the 
monsoon season? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I think it would be very difficult to keep my neck out about the pricing at this point of 
time. So far in July it held up. So we hope and believe that it could the trend could 
continue but you would never know about the pricing. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
And same is the case with North Karnataka that the exit pricing would have been 
much better than the average for the quarter? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
North Karnataka still remain subdued but it is okay. Just the incremental increase is 
not as visible as it is here. But it is in upward trend. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
So that is at around Rs. 300 levels? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, North Karnataka is sub Rs. 250 level. 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Okay and sir, if I look at your slide on the coal prices. Now again there our mix has 
been changing a lot quarter-to-quarter and I see the domestic is really been very 
low this quarter. Why is that so the price strength does not indicate that the 
domestic should be that low? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
If you look at our coal prices in terms of domestic coal prices for us there has not 
been any drop or increase but the mix has come down quite substantially purely 
because of the pricing. The imported coal offers a much more cost advantage to us 
when compared with the domestic one on a pe rK/cal basis. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Okay so we expect this at we are not seeing this narrowing as such with the prices 
trending up somewhat on the imported coal side as yet? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No, the gap is quite substantial. So though it has narrowed a bit but still the gap is 
still wide. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeta Khilnani from Ventura 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Neeta Khilnani 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. One is on the power side. The latest results of 
cement companies that we have seen many of them have reported EBITDA 
margins expansion purely on the basis of lower power and fuel cost. However, 
Sagar on a consolidated basis I understand you mentioned earlier about your 
product mix. But if I only look at BMM’s power cost is about 38% of total sales 
which still seems high especially since BMM has a captive power plant. So any 
insights on that? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, the tariff what has been factored in BMM is aligned with the PPA what we 
have which you said Rs. 5.40. Now if we have to make it as a simple pass through 
then it would be substantially lower. That is the only difference. From a product mix 
perspective is the only difference compared to the other players but not at the units 
consumed per ton of cement that we make. I think that would also get aligned so 
this tariff now has come down. So with this we see that we believe and assume 
that the power cost going forward should come down quite substantially. 
Neeta Khilnani 
You mean in the next immediate couple of quarters? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes. 
Neeta Khilnani 
So this was another question that I had. You had earlier mentioned that your 
margin profile for 2017 would more or less remain at FY16 levels. Do you still stand 
by that stand? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes I think we would still stick to that purely because if we have to see during the 
last Q1 people are comparing with the last Q1 with that of this one. But the single 
biggest difference is during last year Q1 we had BMM sales also included in Sagar 
because BMM was still not yet consolidated in to Sagar. The acquisition of BMM 
happened only in end of August. We are reasonably sure and more than hopeful 
that from a financial perspective the performance would be at par with what we 
have done last year in terms of the margins. We are hoping that volumes could be 
slightly better than what we have done last time. 
Neeta Khilnani 
And sir, how is the underground construction activity in Amravati? Have things 
actually picked up or it is only still talks in the ear? 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I think it is too early for us to take a call on that. So far I think it is more in on paper. 
I do not think for the current financial year we would see anything on ground for the 
current financial year. Some progress could be expected in the coming financial 
year. I think AP government has already come out with a scheme I believe they 
have come up with a swift challenge and are about to enter the entire contract or 
job work to some Singaporean firms. But that still it is in discussion. So we hope to 
see something moving on to the ground in the coming financial year. 
Neeta Khilnani 
And sir, do you have any sense of how many road projects that are now been 
awarded cement based roads and how much would be determined. So any sense 
on that? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I am sorry Neeta, on that count bulk of the contracts happened in areas which are 
beyond our market footprint. Unfortunately, we don’t track as much as what we 
should. In our footprint area from whatever we have agreed to supply to the 
Ministry of Roads around 15,000 tons of cement were sold from what we have 
listed so far. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anshuman Atri from Haitong 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anshuman Atri 
My question is regarding the various costs initiatives you are taking. you have 
quantified how much you will save from railway but with the new Toshali coming in 
you have more blending ratio improvement and blending ratio waste hear recovery 
should come. With all these can you quantify how much savings you can make 
going forward in next year? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See waste heat recovery is relatively easier because it is highly measurable. But 
coming back to the other blending ratios and all on a standalone for Bayyavaram 
grinding unit the priority is going to be PSC. So we are working to have reasonably 
good EBITDA margins start contributing from the next financial year from that 
particular asset. But it is very difficult for us to quantify at this point of time. 
 
Coming to the waste heat recovery  as and when it becomes operational we expect 
an incremental Rs. 15 crore to Rs. 16 crore EBITDA addition as and when it 
become operational. 
Anshuman Atri 
And secondly, you have mentioned that there is some inflow of cement from 
western region to south. So generally it has over the past couple of years it has 
been the other way around with Andhra Cement flowing in to the west market. So 
what is that with better monsoon do you expect this trend to stop? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, I think it is all to do with the price differential on either side of the border. 
Whenever there are better pricing in this side of the Telangana or Karnataka the 
material rather than flowing out which was west bound still remain in AP. The lot of 
cement that will get sold in the borders of Maharashtra what they do is they unload 
in that godown and come back to start selling because it is the same brand which 
is available on either side of the border. So that’s what we call as the infiltration. It 
is not that somebody is coming from western zone into these markets but most of 
the cement that gets on its way towards the west sometimes get remained here or 
in the border areas it gets into that and then people will start buying it from the 
other side because hardly there would be a gap of there the difference will be very 
short so people go and shop there and come back. Whenever the delta is more 
than Rs. 30 to Rs. 35 per bag we keep seeing this happening and that is what you 
are seeing at this point of time. 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Anshuman Atri 
And lastly, so what kind of inventory you have built on the petcoke and what do you 
expect what is the current ratio of petcoke? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See for us petcoke is more an insurance cover because even today the imported 
coal is still offering that bit of viability incremental additional benefit for us. We do 
have petcoke stock with us. Currently we are using only petcoke for the coal based 
captive power plant in BMM. As far as cement is concerned still we are going with 
the imported coal. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mangesh Bhadang from Nirmal 
Bang. Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Bhadang 
Sir, my first question is regarding the coal auction that some of the CIL companies 
are offering for linkages. So is SCCL also going to offer the coal through linkages 
and through auction route? And if yes, then whether we will be participating in it 
and how much cost saving it will do? 
 
Second question is when I look at your volume number for this quarter we have 
seen a substantially higher growth rate for AP and Telangana. So whether it is a 
Sagar phenomena or whether most of the other AP, Telangana based companies 
would have seen similar growth numbers? That is the two questions I have. 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See coming to the coal auction so far Singareni Collieries did not come back and 
discussed about these issues in terms of the coal auction. Fortunately or 
unfortunately over the last two years the offtake from what we have, we already 
have linkage and we also have an FSA with them we are just paying a small 
penalty for not taking it rather than getting engaged. Sagar incidentally also has an 
additional what we call as costless linkage even that we have not fulfilled. 
Now at this point of time we don’t know I mean what is deficient. But historically 
whenever imported coal prices have gone up the domestic coals have come from 
Singareni was always price advantageous. So what we have generally done is we 
have kept that insurance cover as the linkage we have kept alive. Would we 
participate in an auction, I think as an and when it would come we would like to 
evaluate and take a call at that point of time. So far Singareni has not come up with 
any of those auctions in terms of auction or trying to offer any additional linkages. 
Mangesh Bhadang 
And about the growth that you have spoken? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, now going back to the demand in terms of I think it is more a sectorial play. It 
is nothing to do with Sagar alone. It is more to do with the sectorial play. We would 
have seen the demand in AP has got incrementally increased year-on-year 
especially with that of last year during the same time. That is what the incremental 
volume increment that we have seen whatever is the demand that has gone up 
similar kind of a percentage has gone up in Sagar. 
Mangesh Bhadang 
Because Telangana at least in this quarter your volumes are up 59%, Andhra it is 
up 40% and similar numbers are there for BMM. Anyway BMM came from a low 
base but I am sure for Sagar these are really impressive. 
Sreekanth Reddy 
You should combine all of them see I think instead of pushing more volume into AP 
and Telangana from BMM we are doing it from Sagar. So that is the reason why 
and whatever was supposed to go into Bangalore and Chennai from Sagar has 
been pushed to BMM. That is the realignment. But if you look at the total number 
and try to see what has been our volume so I think we are in line with what the 
market is to offer. It is not just Sagar phenomena alone. 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Mangesh Bhadang 
And sir lastly, when would WHR be commissioned? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, somewhere around the scheduled commissioning date is September 2017. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Raj from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Raj 
Sir, I have just two questions for you. First of all, I just wanted to understand that 
you have highlighted that Karnataka has been growing positively in the quarter. But 
still our sales are down 7.5% on a YoY basis? Secondly, Tamil Nadu you 
highlighted that market is subdued over there. But we did grow by 16.9% on the 
consol basis. Could you please share some light on it? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, see what you have to look at is from what the price is also on offer. The 
northern part of Karnataka the prices have been subdued so we did not push as 
much as we should compare to what we have seen in Tamil Nadu. I think that is 
the only reason why the shift of lower in Karnataka and slightly higher in Tamil 
Nadu. 
Manish Raj 
Sir, do you see that same trend will follow for the other companies also in terms of 
volume de-growth? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think it is we are uniquely placed in terms of our distribution pattern. So we 
are equally spread among four Southern states and Maharashtra. So I do not know 
if the same trend would be followed by all the players who are there in the current 
markets. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhumika Nair from IDFC. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhumika Nair 
Sir, just wanted to understand you mentioned inflow of material from Maharashtra 
into Telangana or AP region. So just wanted to understand how is the demand 
situation in Maharashtra and how is it looking going forward now? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Honestly we do not really look at the entire Maharashtra but for the footprints but 
we generally take really if you have to look at last Q1 the average consumption is 
around 7.6 million. Now if I have to compare the same with the current period it is 
very similar. So we believe that the trend line so far has been very flat. 
Bhumika Nair 
And what is it looking I mean what is the outlook that you are seeing going forward 
now? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
We are looking at sub 5% demand growth in Maharashtra for the entire year. 
Bhumika Nair 
And similarly sir, you also I mean there is a very small proportion that you sell to 
East. So if we could just get some trend in terms of demand out there as well? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, I think we do not go beyond Orissa. Orissa has been consistently growing at 
around 8% to 10%. That is what we believe would happen going forward. 
Bhumika Nair 
But any specific projects which are driving this demand growth and which will 
continue? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See our understanding about this specific market for our volume we are primarily 
based out of South Orissa and we cannot comment about some specific projects 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
which are contributing to the demand overall as Orissa as a state. But some 
projects primarily are to do with the industrials and the infrastructure. 
Bhumika Nair 
Sir, also moving on to our power costs how is imported fuel cost has started 
moving up. So what kind of an impact can we see going forward? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See if you really track us we have a forward cover of almost 6 months for our fuel. 
We are kind of insured to certain extent about the inflationary increase on that 
particular account. But as such the imported coal for us though there is a nominal 
increase still there is a huge gap between what is available locally to that of 
imported coal. 
Bhumika Nair 
Sir, what would be the difference right now on a K/Cal basis? What would be the 
broad gap? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, around Rs. 1.20 is the domestic coal. It would be Rs. 0.90 would be the 
imported coal for us. 
Bhumika Nair 
And so what you are saying is because we have a six months we have blocked our 
coal for six months so would it be fair to say just on fuel prices you should not see 
any escalation in power and fuel cost going forward for the next two quarters? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
We feel that the cost for this current financial year we believe cost on account of 
energy that includes both electrical and coal. We assume that it would remain 
similar without any major increase for us. Because we are more or less covered for 
9 months for the entire year. I mean 9 months in this year is covered for us. So that 
is the reason why we believe that the cost associated with that would be more or 
less flat. 
Bhumika Nair 
And sir, if I were to take spot prices then how if assuming one were to consider 
spot prices how much is it annual for? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
I think spot prices may not be relevant for our size of the company because we do 
not really require huge ship loads we still buy it from our traders. So again the type 
of coal that we buy probably is not part of the index itself. We usually buy RB2, 
RB3 kind of coal. We do not buy Newcastle or we do not buy the index kind of 
thermal coal pricing. The quality of coal that we buy usually would be around $10 
lower than most of the index coals that you see. 
Bhumika Nair 
But on current prices of this coal that you buy how much would it be versus what 
you have already booked? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think it is same trend what we have indicated on slide 10 that we are clearly 
indicated about at what price we are buying if we have to look at it from Q4 of last 
year to Q1 of this year it has actually come down for us. Now this come down is 
purely because probably it is also do with the quality of coal that we have done. 
Probably we have used more RB1 in the last quarter and RB3 we have 
substantially used for the current Q1. So we more or less optimized based on the 
landed price. We are covered to that extent that we believe that it is going to be 
remain flat for us for the entire financial year. 
Bhumika Nair 
And sir, what would be our fuel consumption now? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, we would be in the range of around Rs. 690 to Rs. 695 K/Cal clinker. 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navin Sahadeo from Quant 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo 
This is Navin here. Sir, one question regarding your acquisition Toshali Cement. 
The clinker for this grinding unit will come from your Mattampally unit or it will 
continue from the existing arrangement if at all this plant is operational? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
It would come from Mattampally unit of Sagar Cements. 
Navin Sahadeo 
And slag I believe will come from your Essar Steel plant or is there any other 
source? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Essar Steel plant, it is right next to it. It is around 25 kilometers from the Vizag steel 
plant. 
Navin Sahadeo 
So Toshali has one more unit in Orissa which is again just let us say 150 odd 
kilometer distance from the Andhra plant? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah 180 kilometers sir, it is in Ampavalli. 
Navin Sahadeo 
So is there a possibility that the promoters may be willing to sell off that because I 
am asking it from a perspective that slag cement as a market I think is more I think 
a developed market in Orissa State rather than Andhra or you think Andhra also 
has a decent market in slag now? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, now I cannot comment about the current owner’s interest to exit from that 
particular unit. I have absolutely no idea. I think we only negotiated for this asset so 
I would like comment only about this asset. I have absolutely no idea about their 
willingness to part with that. Secondly, commenting about the PSC market. Yeah, 
PSC market so far in Andhra has been a non-trade market, primarily in Vizag and 
to certain pockets of East Godavari. Bulk of the PSC starts from Orissa, so that has 
been the distribution pattern for those existing units there and which is this unit also 
is no different. 
 
There is a market for PSC in Vizag which is close to 50,000 tons per month. 
Navin Sahadeo 
50,000 tons per month? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, the potential for PSC in North Coastal Districts of AP is around 50,000 tons 
per month. 
Navin Sahadeo 
Do you see importing clinker has a feasible option because Vizag port and? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think at this point of time, taking it from Mattampally is lot more viable and lot 
more economical than looking at imported clinker cost given the handling cost that 
exists at the port level. 
Navin Sahadeo 
I am sure you would have then done that arithmetic around that to landed cost from 
Mattampally will be still currently cheaper than importing? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, at this point of time given the dollar pricing and also the port handling cost and 
also the CIF ties indicated by Chinese the quality of clinker that comes from China 
at least what we are seeing your percentage of clinker in PSC is much higher with 
Chinese than what you could do it from India. So in India we believe we can mix 
with the quality of clinker what we have around 55% to 60% slag though we have 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
not really taken the Chinese sample but the general information is that you may 
have to go 50:50. So in that differential if you have to count in it is lot more viable 
for us to use clinker from Mattampally unit rather than an imported one. 
Navin Sahadeo 
And sir, my last question. Can you just repeat the CAPEX numbers that we will 
looking at for FY17 and FY18 at consol level? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, this fiscal we are looking at around Rs. 100 crore and the next fiscal we are 
looking at somewhere around Rs. 45 crore. 
Navin Sahadeo 
And this Rs. 100 crore in FY17 includes Toshali? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, this includes Toshali and also a part of wastage recovery. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ujwal Shah from Quest 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ujwal Shah 
I just wanted to have your views about some newer capacities coming in the AP 
belt. So your thoughts about the same, smaller companies like KCP, NCL coming 
up with their plants in the AP and Telangana belt. Does this also mean on the 
second thought that the prices could again soften when these capacities come in? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think when we look at the capacities we only count what have been 
announced so far. Coming to NCL I think what they are doing is they are adding 
only a clinker unit to supplement their current one. Not much of contours are known 
to us. KCP is yet to announce but we believe that they are due for announcing. But 
bulk of these capacities are expected to come 2 years from now. Other than this 
there is not much of any other discussion about any other cement plant coming up 
so soon. So for next 2 years if whatever is announced is small addition from NCL 
and there is a talk of KCP which we are not very clear about. But even if they 
announce that we believe it would happen 18 months to 24 months from now. So 
for next two years there is not much of capacity additions that is expected to 
happen in these part of the world Now KCP actually it is in Andhra, it is not in 
Telangana. 
Ujwal Shah 
And NCL would be in Telangana, right? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, NCL is in Telangana. Now the impact of these on the pricing I think it is too 
early for us to take a call. We have to see how it would shape up and what would 
be the demand supply gap at that point of time based on that only we would exactly 
know the real impact on the prices. 
Ujwal Shah 
Sir, also you mentioned that Tamil Nadu and Kerala would possibly be negative 5% 
in FY17. So we were hoping that post elections probably with first few months 
going by probably second half of FY17 we might see good demand coming in and 
considering that initial first two months of this financial year we actually saw some 
demand in Tamil Nadu as well right sir, so what makes you feel that the demand 
scenario would remain so tepid in these two markets? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See now commenting about what has happened in the current three months, 
usually our experience is that whenever there is a state government has gone for 
election and they come back the first year would be generally subdued. Because 
most of the time they are busy once they have come back. Now what is happened 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
in last quarter vis-à-vis to this thing it is slightly negative, it is flat to negative in 
Tamil Nadu. But it has been largely negative in Kerala. So we usually what we do 
is we mix up Tamil Nadu and Kerala and try to see what is happening it is negative 
for the Q1 combined. 
Ujwal Shah 
How much would it be negative combined? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, combined negative. it would be almost 2% to 2.5%. 
Ujwal Shah 
And sir, can you just give me some broad base ideas on petcoke prices in the 
current prevailing one and what was there for 1Q17? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See I think the petcoke prices is also directly proportional to what type of petcoke 
one has to look at it. Yeah, there is a domestic petcoke which is more or less 
hovering around 61 to 65 kind of dollar range. Secondly the imported petcoke 
which is the American which is also more or less the Indian petcoke gets adjusted 
to the American. Saudi petcoke the availability has been an issue over last few 
months. So since there is no availability usually people do not talk prices when it is 
not available. Yeah, that is with high Sulphur. The last that we have seen was 
around $50 odd. But after that the availability itself was challenged so not much is 
known about their pricing. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah 
Sir, would it be possible for you to give some color on the net realizations what you 
have given state wise on slide number 9 in your presentation? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, that would be a challenge for us we will work out and we will revert back to 
you, Mr. Ritesh. 
Ritesh Shah 
Sir, second question is more related to this so I was just screening through our 
sales mix on the standalone operations. Sir, last year we had AP, Telangana which 
was around 33% it has increased to 55%. So I wanted to understand basically how 
do you look at it when you look at it from an NCR perspective versus our sales mix 
distribution going forward? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See Mr. Ritesh, this is a function what we generally see is from NCR optimization 
to that of all these markets. How when you are actually running it sub 60% or 
around that number capacity utilization our target is not yet to optimize the NCR but 
to look at optimizing the volumes where we get the maximum out of it. Now AP, 
Telangana is at 55% at a standalone in Mattampally but if you consolidated it is sub 
45%. Now the idea here is to look at the overall markets what was supposed to be 
serviced from BMM into AP market and from Mattampally to Karnataka market 
there is an exchange. 
That is the only reason why you are seeing a slight surge in AP, Telangana from 
Mattampally, slightly higher. But I think this is the product mix that it is more or less 
standardized for us barring few basis points here or there which is to do with the 
margin optimization. But we believe that even going forward for next year or so 
more or less similar trends are expected to happen. Of course some amount of 
increase is expected to happen in Orissa going forward for the next half with the 
acquisition of. Bayyavaram 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
But for that more or less the trend lines the absolute numbers and the percentages 
are expected to be in similar lines. 
Ritesh Shah 
Sir, my second question is would it be possible to highlight by when you see this 
irrigation projects actually coming through? What I am coming to is FY18 how do 
you look at it? Basically for the current year you had indicated flattish volume 
growth for full South. But if one assumes those numbers then how are you looking 
at FY18? So definitely on the supply side still? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
See even earlier when people asked for the outlook for the AP, Telangana we 
clearly indicated that we are expecting it to be 5% to 7.5% for the current financial 
year. And we expect it anywhere between 10% to 12.5% for the next year. And 
beyond that we generally do not take a call. It is just too soon for us to take a call 
on that. The reason for this outlook is primarily to account for not see some of them 
probably could be grounded but they may not start consuming in same fashion 
from day one. So that is what has been factored when we have come up with this 
outlook of 5% to 7.5% for this year and 10% to 12.5% for next year. 
Ritesh Shah 
Sir, when we say 10% to 12.5% does it include the demand coming from the 
various irrigation projects or the housing schemes? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
It includes all of them. The only problem has been that there are some which is 
actually say in irrigation projects probably could offset lack of demand in probably 
the rural segment especially the rural housing. So it is a mix and match is what we 
have taken a call on the outlook. Because it would be a big challenge for us to 
really predict precisely which demand driver is really going to contribute to that 
segment. 
Ritesh Shah 
And sir, for full of South how much will be the demand growth rate that we will look 
at in FY18? Say for AP, Telangana you highlighted 10% to 12%, for South it would 
be how much? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
That will be expected to be anywhere between 2.5% to 5% maximum. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Nandi from Ratnabali 
Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Nandi 
Sir, I have one question from the realization front. Sir, I just want to know that from 
the Mattampally plant and BMM plant you are catering to the same markets of 
Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Telangana? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No sir, we do not sir. Obviously we do not service, we avoid servicing the same 
markets from two different locations. From BMM we are servicing Rayalaseema 
markets of Andhra Pradesh whereas the Mattampally we service Telangana and 
we service the North coastal districts of Andhra Pradesh. 
Sanjay Nandi 
And that same is also means repeating for other states as well, sir because you are 
catering to different parts? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes sir. From BMM we service South Karnataka and from Mattampally we service 
North Karnataka. Yeah, Tamil Nadu of course we service Chennai from both the 
locations. Primarily we differentiate on the type of the products. Some parts of 
Tamil Nadu get serviced from BMM and the other parts gets serviced from Sagar. 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Sanjay Nandi 
And sir, the next question from the Petcoke front you have just mentioned that you 
are feeding the BMM captive power plant with the Petcoke, right and for the 
cement plant you are using imported coal, right? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjay Nandi 
Sir, going forward is it possible to use petcoke for the cement plant as well? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, the plant is equipped to use petcoke. Today coal is offering a much more 
economical solution. That is the only reason why we are using coal in cement and 
petcoke but, both at Sagar and BMM, both the plants are capable and equipped to 
handle petcoke even for cement manufacturing. But just coal is offering a much 
more economical solution that is the only reason why we are using coal. 
Sanjay Nandi 
And sir, one question the change in accounting policy most of the cement 
companies have reported that type of accounting standards they are changing their 
accounting policies. Sir, can you throw some light on that thing? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, even in Sagar our Q1 results are in line with the Ind-As standard and that is 
what we have also done for the current quarter. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aveek Mitra from Aveksat Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aveek Mitra 
I had a question for my understanding basically that your revenue from your Sagar 
is Rs. 136 crore and from BMM is Rs. 62 crore and vis-à-vis the EBITDA is almost 
same. So is it because the BMM is running at a higher capacity or is it because? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
No sir, it is purely because of the realization difference. If you see the slide 9 the 
differential in the realization is what is actually contributed to the similar EBITDA in 
spite having one-third the capacity. The contribution from BMM has been 
significant purely because of those footprints areas had a better realization. 
Aveek Mitra 
Sir, another question is regarding this your loan in this BMM Cement that is Rs. 
216 crore what is the loan conditions and what is the kind of repayment period for 
this? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Yeah, it has an NCD of around Rs. 150 crore coming from IFC, Washington. It is a 
10-year loan with a two-year moratorium and 8-year repayment. Yeah, that is there 
is 11.6% fixed interest it’s an INR loan. Then we also have around Rs. 50 crore 
from Yes Bank then we have another Rs. 90 odd crore coming from SBH and 
Corporation Bank. Yes Bank also has the same tenure of around 10 years with a 2-
year moratorium and an 8-year repayment. Whereas the other Rs. 90 crore is 
spread over next two years’ time. 
Aveek Mitra 
So your average composite interest rate for your BMM Plant would be how much? 
Sreekanth Reddy 
It is around 12%. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now hand 
the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Sreekanth Reddy 
Thank you. We would like to thank you once again for joining on the call. I hope 
you got all the answers you were looking for. Please feel free to contact our team 
at Sagar or CDR should you need any further information or if you have any further 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
queries we will be more than happy to discuss that with you. Thank you and have a 
good day. 
 
