
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Igarashi Motors India Limited Q1 FY-17 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P. MUKUND – MANAGING DIRECTOR, IGARASHI 
MOTORS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. P. DINAKARA BABU – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER, IGARASHI MOTORS INDIA 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRIYA RANJAN – SYSTEMATIX INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES LIMITED 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Igarashi Q1 FY17 Results Conference Call 
hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Priya Ranjan from 
Systematix Institutional Equities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Priya Ranjan: 
This is an extreme pleasure to hosting Mr. Mukund – Managing Director of Igarashi Motors to 
give his view on the company and as well as to discuss little bit on what is going to happen on 
the company going forward as well as discussion on the 1Q results conference call. So now 
over to Mr. Mukund for his brief comments so he will start with his views on the company. So 
many of the participants will be knowing little bit about the company so first we should start 
with the introduction of the company then we can take it forward for the Q&A. 
P. Mukund: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Mukund from Igarashi Motors and I have with 
me my colleague Mr. Dinakara Babu. 
 
And before we get in to the Q&A I would like to take the opportunity to welcome all of you to 
this call and also express our gratitude for participating and showing your interest in our 
company. Over the next few minutes I would like to give a little overview about our company 
because I believe that we are not very well known in the institutional investor community. 
Therefore, I would like to spend a few minutes in giving you an idea about the product space 
that we are in and the market that we address. 
 
We manufacture permanent magnet DC motors and addressing principally the global 
automotive markets. And while the global automotive market for electric motors is very large 
and they are large players out of Japan and China we play in a very niche space in what we call 
as the power train actuation space which principally addresses the engine, the exhaust and the 
turbo charger areas. And in our scan of the market environments over the last three to four 
years gives us a clear indication that the market looks pretty good as we see over the next three 
to five years. Principally being driven out of the automakers looking at features like fuel 
efficiency and emission control and engine power being critical in nature as they launch power 
platforms. 
And interestingly the space that we play today is in the engine space and progressively over the 
next 3 to 4 years we will be expanding our play in the emission and the turbo charger space as 
well. And as you know the emission norms are getting more stringent world over as far as the 
automotive industry is concerned and this is pretty favorable news for our company. So having 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
said these few words as far as the market is concerned I quickly would like to give an overview 
of what we are doing internally as far as our preparedness is concerned for the future. 
See fundamentally we are an engineering company and the automotive industry while it does 
address the feature of looks, design and so on but broadly if you look at it the functionality and 
the engineering feature in the tier 1, tier 2, tier 3 space as far as automotive industry is 
concerned is a kind of a principle lever to decide whether this supplier in that supply chain is 
going to play for the medium and long term or not. So having recognized this about 10 to 12 
years ago we have been horning our abilities in engineering as far as India is concerned and I 
am very happy and delighted to mention that over the last five years we have been expanding 
our engineering bandwidth both in terms of the quantum as well as in terms of the depth of 
technology at the product development and it is our endeavor that since last year we launched 
this it is our endeavor to look at developing three new products for the space that we play in 
the automotive industry every year. 
And as you know the automotive industry is something where you shake hands with the 
customer. It takes you about 2 to 3 years before you actually start real business, commercial 
business in terms of sending bills and invoices. 
So that is as far as the product development is concerned which is a principle lever for our 
positive existence as far as the forward periods go. But as all of us know you develop a product 
once and generally speaking the lifecycle of our kind of products is between 10 and 12 years. 
So when you introduce our kind of motor in to the platform it normally takes about three years 
to get launched and it goes to the peak at between 6 and 8 years and then slowly it starts sliding 
down over the following four to five years. 
So it is a very fair assumption to say that the product life cycle is between 10 and 12 years for 
our type of motors. But having said that the principle area where we can demonstrate 
continuously our efficiency is in manufacturing. Because once you develop a design nobody 
buys the design. In our kind of business people only buy the products. So we have one of the 
last six to seven years constantly endeavor to increase the width and the depth of our 
manufacturing in our Chennai plant. And I am happy to inform you that we play in tier 2 no 
doubt which is in electrics motors but we also make sure that we have a wide play in the tier 3, 
in the tier 4 and the tier 5. 
And just to define what tier 5 is. Tier 5 is the tuning and that is where the route of the 
technology as far as manufacturing gets launched. Tier 4 is part, tier 3 is for the assemblies and 
tier 2 is the final motor that we sell to the customer. So over the last six to seven years we have 
kind of evolved our business model to after all say good service to our customer is not only 
includes the product development and the design the right up to tier 5 where the tooling 
development and the tooling manufacturing is concerned. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
So it is a space that we have decided to play so that we can capture the engineering advantage 
right through a value chain from Tier 2 to Tier 5.  So these are the two opening comments that 
I wanted to brief to the audience. And Priya Ranjan, with this I had it over to you for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We will take the first question from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
My first question sir if you could kind of give us some sense or comment on the progress on 
your TPR and Turbocharger Platforms because we do know that on EPC we have kind of 
already have a very established presence. If you could kind of update on EGR and Turbo 
Charger Platforms? 
P. Mukund: 
Yeah sure I will. Listen, I would take question one by one, answer close and go on to the next 
one what is the? 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Yeah so my second question sir is I can just mention my second question also it is more 
towards if I just see the international players in the motor side, they have kind of been focusing 
or at least mentioning a lot of focus on the BLDC side. So if you could also comment on where 
we stand on this BLDC development and what could be the timelines what could be the 
industry, is the industry also moving towards BLDC how long would it take? That would be 
my second question. 
P. Mukund: 
Great, okay thanks for these two interesting questions. I think this is something which we have 
been studying over the last several years. And before I get into the specific answer on the EGR 
in Turbocharger over the last five years Mukesh we have been mapping the application 
requirements in the emission exhaust area and the Turbocharger area relative to the engine area 
that we played. And we find that generally speaking in the emission and the Turbocharger 
area, the thermal cycle differs from the engine area which means let us hypothetically assume 
that the engine area has a maximum temperature of 160 degrees centigrade, the emission and 
the Turbocharger area can witness temperatures as high as 220 degrees centigrade. 
Now obviously there are material constraints when you go from 160, 180 degrees centigrade to 
upwards of 200 degrees centigrade. So what our technology platform has done over the last 
four years is that we have kind of worked on platform concepts as far as the materials are 
concerned so that the motor platform that we are developing out of our technology base is from 
the very beginning suitable for temperatures of up to 220 degrees centigrade which means we 
are kind of offering a standardized product where a customer could choose that particular 
motor not only for the engine but for the exhaust as well as the Turbocharger application. So 
that is what our engineers have been doing on the product development side and I am happy to 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
inform you that last year we have launched the first such platform which is flexible for these 
three application areas. 
Now as an extension of this point, in our business it is always very good not to do development 
as in R&D because you will end up wasting a lot of time and money were you to do 
development just for R&D purposes. Normally we anchor some of our existing customers or a 
new customer who is an important player in these spaces and we start engaging with them 
about three to four years prior to the launch of the product in these spaces. So I am very happy 
to inform you that over the last two years we have anchored two customers for the EGR 
application and we have anchored two customers for the Turbocharger application. And it is 
already available in our report as well and over the last twelve months we have been engaging 
with their engineering and very positive vibes are being felt by both of us and all going well. In 
the next year we are going to start looking at launching significant volumes as far as the EGR 
and the wastegate actuator, for the Turbocharger is concerned. 
Now if you ask me to give a very clear idea about the volume next year or year after next I 
think it is a little too early for me to say that but broadly when we are taking a four-year view 
or a five year view it is our strategic endeavor to look at 50% of our play in this particular 
space should be out of the EGR and the Turbocharger business, Mukesh. That is my response 
to your first question. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
I just have a follow up on the first one. Is there a risk of EGR itself not taking off because there 
seem to be a lot of alternative technologies for EGR? 
P. Mukund: 
True what you say is very true. See at this point in time we are not very sure whether the EGR 
penetration is going to be 30% or 50% or 70%. But we are certainly interested in the macro 
market situation but Mukesh you should understand that we play in Tier II and Tier III. See our 
main anchor as far as the market is concerned is our customer with whom we work on a 
monthly basis. So if we have let us for instance a customer called Earby Autos Germany is a 
very large player in this space. Now Earby Engineering comes and spends let us say 100 
mandates of engineering time with us and says this is what we are working on the EGR 
platform and then we would like to see that this product gets launched because we want to 
reduce the price, reduce the weight increase the torque and so on and so on. 
Then you know this gives us the encouragement in terms of saying that they are committing so 
much time because as you know when you look at a Tier 1 for every dollar that we commit in 
terms of investment for an electric motor the Tier 1 commits about 6x of our investment for the 
system. So our drivers are mainly in terms of the field level rather than going by market macro 
analysis which is important no doubt. But see we play on a niche space so our anchor is 
fundamentally to work with customer, engage with him and then that gives us a clear 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
indication whether he is going to be interested or not. So that is how we have kind of 
proliferating ourselves into the EGR and the turbo space. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sure, got that. 
P. Mukund: 
And on your second question, as far as BLDC is concerned see BLDC has been in our minds 
and on our technologies desk for the past ten years. There are two principal advantages as far 
as BLDC is concerned compared to the current conventional brush DC motors and as far as our 
space is concerned the first big advantage that BLDC can offer is in terms of the 
electromagnetic interference and the noise. Because today in the automotive industry with so 
much of electronics getting proliferated when a mechanical device like a motor runs there 
should not be any electromagnetic interference to the perform what we say the electronics part 
the sensors and so on. So therefore the pressure is very high from our customers to suppress all 
the electrical noise that is generated by any mechanical device, Now BLDC offers a very big 
advantage because there is only electronic commutation. There is no mechanical commutation 
as far as the motor is concerned. So the incidence of electromagnetic noise generation itself 
goes down but having said that, today based on the commercial assessment a brush DC motor 
versus brushless DC motors if you look at the cost the brush DC motor cost 100, brush less 
cost 300. 
So therefore right now the proliferation of BLDC motors in the automotive space has happened 
in the air-conditioning area because when you get into a car, you switch on the AC and it keeps 
running. So therefore the air conditioning application, the engine cooling application, the 
power steering application and the anti-lock braking system for your safety these are the four 
areas where we see that BLDC has proliferated significantly albeit they cost about 2.5x to 3.5x 
of the brush DC motor. Now whether they are going to proliferate into application areas where 
the motor normally dies after the car dies, it is a grey area. 
There is a lot of debate that is going in terms of the premium that the industry can pay for 
BLDC nevertheless from our standpoint we are not waiting for any feedback. We already will 
have, this is where we are doing R&D not with the customer in mind, but we are trying to look 
at over the next 24 months our technology desk has taken up an assignment that technically 
speaking we should be able to go to a customer and say look this was my brush DC motor here 
we are developing a brush less DC motor as well for that, but the other commercial. Because 
as you know in our kind of business you start a dialogue today the product gets introduced in 
two, three, four years’ time. So it never happens before that two-year timeframe. So these kind 
of dialogues we have already started last year and next year we are going to add clear products 
which we are going to go and offer to our customers in our technology engagement 
discussions. So this is my response on BLDC and around this time next year I would also have 
my sell for BLDC motors on my technology group. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay.  
P. Mukund: 
I hope these responses are good for you on your questions? 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Yes, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mayur Patel from DSP Blackrock. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayur Patel: 
Sir, just had one question on Agile. So what we understand is Agile has been substantially 
doing sub assembly till now. And now you have some visibility of doing complete motors for 
non-engine applications like seats and others. So can you give us some idea about what 
proportion of our say this year’s volume in Agile would be complete motors? 
P. Mukund: 
Mayur the definition is a grey area in terms of complete motors and sub assembly but let me go 
one level earlier. See the business concept of Agile is that we do not own the IP as far as the 
product is concerned for all the products that are manufactured in Agile. Agile is a contract 
manufacturing arm of Igarashi in India where the IP is completely owned by the customer and 
we are some kind of a BTP that is the Bill to Print or a contract manufacturer. So that is the 
strategic position as far as the Agile platform is concerned. So that is point number one. 
So point number two, Agile is principally addressing the area which we call it as comfort 
actuators. Because while we see a significant growth opportunity in the power train space for 
engine emission and turbo chargers, comfort has even bigger the opportunities of comfort 
actuator motors is quite large but at this point in time, the technology path that we have 
followed in comfort is a little slow, we are not really brought out any new platforms where we 
could own the IPs and there are very large players such as Bosch, Brose and Denso and so on. 
So therefore we have taken a policy decision in terms of looking at being a contract 
manufacturer to these large guys, and we are part of their make and buy strategy because most 
of these large guys manufacture in large sizes, large volumes and relatively high cost locations. 
They like our business model of playing in Tier II and Tier V. So they want to make us a 
strategic make and buy partner. 
So while we will say that it is a complete motor it is not actually a complete motor it has three 
parts three sub assembly they are made separately and these three sub-assemblies are kind of 
fitted into each other so that you save logistics cost but at the same time as you know the 
automotive industry values technology and quality very significantly and going forward, if you 
were at 9 PPM you were very good and if you were at 1 parts per billion you are not 
considered very good. So that is the kind of path that we see on the quality as far as the 
automotive industry is concerned. Therefore our endeavor is to put these entire three sub-
assemblies together, test the motor and then separate it and ship it to them. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
So that is what we are doing at this point in time. So my comment or my earlier response to 
you as it is a grey area, it is still a grey area because we are not feeling the motor and saying go 
use it as a motor. We test it and then thereafter again we do some more operations to complete 
the motor, feel it and then use it as a motor. So therefore we will still like to state that we are in 
the Tier 2.5 I would not even say Tier 2 or Tier 3. 
Mayur Patel: 
So on an overall basis like whatever rough numbers we had that you did some 30 million units 
of sub assembly in FY16 with an average relation of around Rs. 90 or so. Is this average 
realization going to increase substantially or it is likely to remain flattish? 
P. Mukund: 
Yes, Mayur the endeavor for us as far as contract manufacturing is concerned see these two 
differences where you own the IP kind of business and there your customer owns the IP and 
you are a contract manufacturer. There is a certain degree of difference with respect to the 
commercial protection. When you own the IP you have commercial protection. You do not 
need to disclose all the calls whereas when you are doing a contract manufacturing it is 
something which your customer is already doing. So therefore we only need to leverage the 
cost arbitrage and the depth of manufacturing that we follow in our Indian entity. 
So therefore the transparency that is required in terms of commercial in terms of contract 
manufacturing is quite high. Therefore having said that the endeavor for us is to look for 
products where the unit price realization constantly keeps going up. This was our endeavor 
over the last three to four years and if you see Page 1, 2, 3 years forward I would imagine that 
the average realization we will be taking it to upwards of 150 and perhaps if things work out 
very well I would like to take it up to upwards of even Rs. 180. But the margins would be not 
as good as the ones where you own the IP you know. 
Mayur Patel: 
Got it. So it would always be slightly lower than our standalone Igarashi Motors margins? 
P. Mukund: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Ashish Rathi from Infina Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Sir, just we were going to your Annual Report last years and you had written that you know 
the company has been taking significant engineering investments towards customer programs 
and have initiated three key projects which will be launched in calendar year 2016. Could you 
elaborate on this what are these projects and what is the status on them right now? 
P. Mukund: 
Sure thanks Ashish for this question I think it is a very relevant question. This is something 
which we need to address every month when we do our internal reviews. But before that I 
would like to give you an idea as to what we have been doing since the year before last. See in 
our kind of business like I said earlier when Mukesh asked me the question, see we need to 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
create capacities about 2.5 to 3 years ahead of when your actual business starts rolling out. So 
since last year we have been adding capacity at the rate of about 25% of what we were doing 
every year and that is something that is going to continue over the next one to three years. 
So obviously when we add capacity we do not add generic capacity we add capacity based on 
certain programs that we launch. So the status of the three new programs that we are launching 
is one program is going to be dedicated to both the EGR and the Wastegate application which 
is what gives us the confidence that over the next two, three years we will be increasing our 
play both in the emission, exhaust area as well as in the Wastegate and other area. So that is 
going very well and the first million capacities will be up and about by the end of this calendar 
year itself so the customers can start buying from us from the next financial year. So that is as 
far as the program for the EGR and the Wastegate actuator is concerned. 
The second platform that we have already launched last year is a very interesting program and 
that is a program where my engineering team has developed the lowest weight and the lowest 
CT that is the volume motor for this application flexibly which can be used for the engine, the 
emission and the Turbocharger and this is the stake one of the global leader company 
Continental. So that line has been ready and it is already approved. And there are two large 
OEMs one from Europe and one from USA both of them have come and approved our lines. 
So the initial trickle of this sales would start from end of this financial year and we expect the 
ramp up to take place from the end of 2017. So that is the second program. 
The third program is with one of our existing large customers because normally we move on 
generations. So we had the generation one, two, three going on and the fourth generation was 
launched last year. So that is something called the M4 generation with one of our customers 
the fourth generation one. And even this will start serious delivery from next financial year. So 
these are the three programs that we have launched all these three are different customers. Like 
for example if I were to take the customers names it is like Bosch, Continental, Pierburg, 
Hella, (Inaudible 28:46) and Helical. So these three programs basically would be addressing 
these five customers that I just mentioned. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Okay and also in your opening remarks you mentioned three new products to be developed 
each year as the target. Sir, what is these three new products you are talking about like for this 
year what will be and what is in mind next year? 
P. Mukund: 
See what we are doing as a strategy, as a technology strategy since I mentioned earlier that for 
the company of our size while the opportunity available in the market is very high there is a lot 
of investment both in terms of engineering competence, time as well as money is concerned. 
So two years ago we took a decision that we would like to develop a genetic platform of a 
particular package of a motor and in that we can offer three or four performances and it can go 
for a let us say a Suzuki engine, it can go for a BMW engine or it can go for a GM engine. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
So from that standpoint we are kind of creating a packet size which is say x which is common, 
but you will have length which may be a y1, y2, y3 which can go from 30-millimeter long to 
let us say 50-millimeter long. So our basic idea is that to have these genetic platforms and from 
these genetic platforms look at three products variants which can address different engine 
sizes. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Okay sir a follow up on the BLDC part. Sir, how much money are we investing in this when 
you said that we are doing R&D over the next 24 months? 
P. Mukund: 
Yeah this year and next year we have allocated a $1million in BLDC not that it will all be 
spent but then we are going to spend this in a very calibrated manner because see it is a very 
interesting area. It is a very interesting area and it has been on the desk of all the Tier 1s for the 
last ten years. But there are two challenges as far as BLDC is concerned one of them I have 
already mentioned this was the commercial challenge. The second big challenge which is there 
in BLDC is Ashish, there is not yet a proven electronic PCB and the circuitry which can work 
without any disturbances 220 degrees centigrade because the environment where we are 
operating are normally at about 160 to 220 degrees centigrade. 
Now there is a challenge technical challenge. So we are trying to go from the conventional 
PCBS to ceramic materials. Now ceramic materials have temperature withstanding ability 
upwards of 220 degrees C. And then we are also going in for the electronic component like 
resistance capacitors and there are Japanese companies which have developed these which can 
withstand high temperatures as well. But again you know it is a challenge to get them 
introduced and get the customer accept this. So these are the two challenges which are actually 
on the technology desk for the conversions from a brush DC motor to a brush less DC motor. 
But it is only a question of time now whether it is going to take three years, four years, five 
years I really do not know but I do not want to miss the bus. 
So that is the reason as a Board we have allocated a million dollars to be spent between last 
year and this year and we are going about it in a very calibrated manner that we have an anchor 
customer we are not talking to the customer right now but with the anchor customers when we 
do only our home development, after the home development and once we have validated it, 
then we go and offer it to the customer that gives us certain degree of confidence that we are 
talking to the right supplier as far as the power technology is concerned. This is the approach 
that we are following and that is the reason why we are making this investment, Ashish. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Sir, but these investments the amount which you are saying couple of million dollars sounds 
quite miniscule I mean compared to what the large players would possibly be investing in this 
technology so? 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
P. Mukund: 
Ashish, I think no from our standpoint I think as you know we make $2, $3, $3.5 motors and 
we have realized that what normally people classify as things which require $10 million and 
$20 million and so on they were all big firms I mean they sound very attractive okay. But from 
our standpoint we are coming from Tier 5, we are on the street. 
Ashish Rathi: 
No, I understand that. Sir, what I am trying to come to is basically with our customer what we 
are trying to develop this BLDC that is our anchor customer, anchor partner in this program, so 
who will be like you know owning the IP once it is done and who will be? 
P. Mukund: 
Of course it will be us. But one thing you must understand Ashish is that I may be a little 
technical but for whatever it is worth, I must make this statement. See the moment you develop 
a brushless DC motor then the brushless DC motor the drive and the control is done by 
electronics. Now when you have an electronics and when the customer system is also the 
engine management system is all going through electronics right, so therefore your electronic 
should be able to talk to the electronics of the customer system. 
So it is not a pure mechanical device, mechanical actuation device, it is an electronic device. 
So therefore it is very important to engage with the customer right from the beginning where 
you own the IP of the driver and the controller for the motor but that IP is of no consequence if 
the system electronics is not calibrated to talk to your motor electronics. So that is the reason 
why we have two anchor customers now. While we have not articulated it to them clearly that 
we are benchmarking you or anchoring you but we have already started engaging with about 
three or four BLDC engineers in that company. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Right sir, fine. 
P. Mukund: 
But it is a medium term to a long term situation. My view based on playing in this space for 
the last two-and-a-half decades is that the brush DC motor growth will not be tampered for at 
least another five to seven years as I see it. And fundamentally arising out of these two 
challenges (a) commercial challenge and (b) environment challenge with regard to the 
feasibility of the electronics functioning with no problems at 200-degree centigrade plus. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Okay and sir lastly if you could help us understand how has the quarter been for Agile in terms 
of numbers? 
P. Mukund: 
Quarter has been good maybe we can have a separate discussion. I thought this call was mainly 
for the IMIL view and the performance. But overall I think even the comfort area is doing 
pretty well. As I said the decision that we have taken to play both in the power train area and 
the comfort area is fundamentally because we want to play in those spaces where the market 
grows at a delta higher than what we would like to grow at. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Ashish Rathi: 
Obviously we understand there is a likely consolidation of the two entities going ahead so we 
would be interested in understanding how the performance has been for this Agile part as well. 
P. Mukund: 
Understand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudhir Kedia from ASK Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Sudhir Kedia: 
Sir, my question is you mentioned that EGR and Turbocharger can be 50% of your total sales 
in three to four years, have I heard it right or I have missed something? 
P. Mukund: 
Is it Sudhir? 
Sudhir Kedia: 
Sir, in the call you had mentioned that in four to five years 50% of your total sales will come 
from EGR and Turbocharger. Have I heard it right or I have missed something? 
P. Mukund: 
Yeah is it Sudhir Kedia? 
Sudhir Kedia: 
Yes sir, Sudhir. 
P. Mukund: 
Hi Sudhir yes. Yeah you have heard it right. In terms of our endeavor is see once we are 
making the products that we are making flexible for all these three applications it becomes 
easy for us to proliferate into the EGR and the Turbocharger areas. So our idea is that going 
forward for exhaust applications and Wastegate and Turbocharger applications strategically 
our endeavor is to de-risk the applications. So from a strategic standpoint we are looking at 50-
50 on the three spaces, 54 engines where we are the undisputed leader as far as the world is 
concerned, we have about 40% of the world market. And on the others we want to grow, these 
are the two areas where we want to grow. Now Sudhir. 
Sudhir Kedia: 
It is mainly is contributing how much today? 
P. Mukund: 
5%. 
Sudhir Kedia: 
5% of your total sales? 
P. Mukund: 
Correct. 
Sudhir Kedia: 
Sir and your engine application motors should grow at a 10% to 12% at the minimum? 
P. Mukund: 
Yes. 
Sudhir Kedia: 
Okay sir thank you understood. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
P. Mukund: 
You know these are the products that we started since 2005, 2006 but there are some products 
which are also on the sunset part of the lifecycle, Sudhir. 
Sudhir Kedia: 
Right, and sir one more thing. As we go forward our realization you said is $2 to $3 per motor, 
what are the chances that this realization will increase from here? 
P. Mukund: 
See as far as the power train actuator space is concerned our endeavor is not to drive and 
increase in realization as far as the motors are concerned because on the other side as I said, 
see the platform that we have introduced where we are filed several feature patents as well, is 
something where we have brought down the weight of the motor, running motors which is 200 
grams, we have brought it down to 110 grams. So therefore what we will probably drive in this 
area is not to increase the unit price realization but we want to make sure that the rate at which 
our cost that is our material cost and the manufacturing cost goes down is higher than the rate 
at which our price will go down. 
So that is what their benchmarking because of this technology and IP ownership that we have. 
But fundamentally we have to accept the fact that the market is always driving for four clear 
parameters in this space. Now the market wants the same performance for a lower weight, 
market wants the same performance for a lower volume, market wants the same performance 
for an ampere of current consumed and the market wants lower cost per performance. So these 
are the four triggers as far as the technology desk is concerned for these applications. And 
when you are driving these three the lever that you need to work on is the rate at which your 
cost goes down should be higher than the rate at which your unit price realization goes down. 
So that is the way in which we are driving our strategy. 
Sudhir Kedia: 
So on terms of engine application you are suggesting that your realization for motors should be 
going down from $2 to $3 but? 
P. Mukund: 
No, when I say going down I am not talking about going down drastically. I think overall we 
would imagine that if you take a four-five year view, on a four-five year view we are looking 
at the realization going down due to technical reasons by somewhere between 2% to 2.5% per 
year. 
Sudhir Kedia: 
And sir so your Turbocharger and EGR application motors realization will be in a similar 
range or would be higher? 
P. Mukund: 
Initially it will start by being a little higher but my view because we play only in this space we 
do not know pretty much about anything else other than this space but my view is that there 
will be an equilibrium that will happen as you go forward because we are kind of platforming 
our product for any of these three applications. So you cannot go and tell a customer saying 
because it is being used in emission you have got to pay me a 10% premium. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Sudhir Kedia: 
Correct. Sir, you also suggested that your costs will go down at a higher rate versus your 
realization so obviously in terms of percentage margins, margins should be higher but in terms 
of absolute EBITDA per unit would it be higher or would it be lower? 
P. Mukund: 
That is not the strategy, because see if you realize I think the margins that we are posting for 
the kind of space that we play in are above average. Now the reach that we went through over 
the last three years and if I was in your shoes I think the first question that I would ask is in 
terms of why are we not growing the volume and the top line as fast as the market allows us. 
So the answer to this question is that since year before last I have started adding capacity at the 
rate of 25% per year and it will take a year or two before we start realizing that. 
So our endeavor now having got the technical attention of our customers having got a 
preference point with respect to being a preferred supplier to these applications to our 
customers, at this point in time I think the challenge which is on my desk as a team which is 
running this company is to make sure that we grow faster than what we have been growing at. 
So that is the reason why I have started adding capacity based on certain platforms at about 
20% to 25% per year. So therefore in absolute value if you look at it, all these numbers be it 
your PAT, be it your EPS, be it your EBITDA, be it your returns and so on that we are trying 
to maintain at a fairly high level above average level or even possibly look at making it a little 
better. But in terms of the absolute the margins if we look at it, the margins I think we are 
already at above average. So if you expect that we need to push to improve this I think it is 
being a little too ambitious, it may happen for the next one or two quarters I do not know, I 
cannot comment on that now. But our idea is to make sure that my top line in terms of volume 
the real volume grows to the level at which we are adding the capacity, Sudhir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Dhruv Bhatia from AUM Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Bhatia: 
Two questions. One was regarding the market for the actuators and the EGR and Turbocharger 
sort of ambitions that we have, where do you see the current market and given the plan that 
you have, where do you see this business you know you mentioned some time back 50% but 
from an absolute standpoint where do you see this business is going over the next three to four 
years? 
P. Mukund: 
While I did mention earlier that there is a helicopter view as far as the market is concerned and 
there is an analyst view as far as the market is concerned. Now our principal drive as far as our 
strategy based on what our customers ask us to do. Now without taking names there is one cost 
side monopoly player as far as these applications are concerned out of China. And he is 
somebody who is making upwards of 25 or even 30 million motors for these two applications 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
on an annual basis. And there is a very intense demand going forward for these motors which 
are basically addressing these two applications. 
Now where our strategy and our comments are coming from is, my current customers who are 
using the motors from those suppliers and the new customers who are not yet my customers 
but are using the motors from the Chinese suppliers are coming to me to be a second source. 
Now they want us to be a second source not at 10%, 15% they want us to be a second source 
with about 33% of their share. So that evidence from the market and from my customer is what 
is driving our investment in terms of the technology, investment in terms of the capital also 
because I cannot answer this question completely because we have not engaged a market 
research company or we have not engaged somebody who can give us a lateral view. We are 
going fundamentally on the business through talking to customers and listening to all these 
guys in terms of what the market is, what their main pressure points are, why are they coming 
to us for EGR, why are they coming to us for Wastegate. Like one customer out of Europe 
came to us and said we are looking at a potential of 12 million motors over four years for the 
Wastegate Turbocharger application. 
This came to us two years ago. So we pushed back we said we are not yet ready for this 
application because in our kind of business it is very important that you understand the 
applications completely well before you end up developing a motor for them because we are 
not a catalogue product. Every single product that we sell is customized for an application and 
for a specific customer. So having said that, we have got these enquiries two years ago. So they 
have been telling us to look at we said look 12 million is too big for us to enter into this, we 
would like to look at setting up a capacity for 1 million to start with. 
So this year what we are doing is we are setting up a capacity for 1 million in a flexible line so 
that we do not commit ourselves to an investment and the investment sleeps for two or three 
years. So this is where our drive is coming from. It is not coming from any market research or 
some advisory board telling us what to do in these applications, Dhruv. 
Dhruv Bhatia: 
Alright, sir but these Chinese suppliers just now with 30 million motors capacity what sense do 
you have like a 70%, 80% market share? 
P. Mukund: 
For these applications? 
Dhruv Bhatia: 
Yes, for these motors. 
P. Mukund: 
I do not know what the global market share will be because we are very focused with respect 
to working with customers and but my imagination would be of the level that you mentioned, 
not less than that. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Dhruv Bhatia: 
Okay. 
P. Mukund: 
And it is prudent for any car industry any auto industry player be it in the Tier 1 or in the Tier 
2 to be a part of this dual sourcing strategy. Because monopoly in the automotive industry is 
very dangerous for everybody. So quite normally when a customer comes to me and says that 
this is a new platform that we want to develop with you around first round of discussions there 
is one question from my side in terms of asking them am I the first supplier or the second 
supplier. If I am the first who is the second you are thinking of and when are you going to 
start? If I am the second tell me who is the first? 
Dhruv Bhatia: 
Okay sir the second question was more of the you know whole Igarashi relationships and in 
terms of you know your whole business chain where do you see their involvement in terms of 
sales, in terms of technology, IPs development process and you know any management input 
as well? 
P. Mukund: 
I think it is a very valid question. Let me take it layer by layer. First one is let us say 
transaction. Whatever we are doing now see we have offices in Mexico, we have offices in 
North America, we have offices in Europe, Hong Kong, Japan and Shanghai. Now these are 
people where we have our representatives in the application engineering, the logistic space, the 
commercial space, the customer relation space and so on. 
So on the same time zone in the same language, they are the people who actually front line 
deal with the customers because while no business normally is awarded to a company without 
the audit and the certification of the plant which is going to produce but the customer 
relationships, the inventory management, logistics management, application engineering is all 
done by our Igarashi group global regional offices. 
So that is how the transaction is being done. So that is a great value that we have at this point 
in time, like we do not have to wake up in the midnight if there was a call from somebody 
either from logistics or somebody from Mexico or from America. So that is the first big 
advantage that we have as far as the Igarashi Group is concerned. The second for the 
transaction that we are doing now, all technology, all manufacturing, all tooling we are 
absolutely self-sufficient. In fact there is some learning that we are passing on to our parents in 
Japan and China as well. based on our experiences for the benefit for them in the Japanese and 
the Chinese markets. Now having said that, in Igarashi Japan there is a basket of eight products 
that are being developed which are futuristic products. 
I may take the liberty to even talk about these applications. These are like electric vacuum 
pumps, electric oil pumps, electric water pumps, and then there are certain specific new 
generation applications with the Japanese car makers are thinking of people like Mazda, people 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
like Toyota they are all working on. So hell of a lot of development on these products is taking 
place in Japan albeit a little futuristic. It will be the likes of beyond 2020 for us. 
But then we are going to be present for the next I do not know how many decades. So that is 
the kind of technology value that we see and our team participates every quarter in this 
common global meetings and we get exposed to all these. So now starting this year I have 
started taking some of these new generation technology products and putting them on my 
technology desk in India so that is the second big value that we have. 
Now the third I think fundamental value as far as business is concerned and let me very honest 
about it. When I go to a customer in Europe or I go to a customer in America and I say that we 
are part of a global group a family company in Igarashi which they are manufacturing footprint 
in Japan, China and India the door opens very fast and broadly for these kind of products that 
we produce the factories of the world are China and we in India. And any customer when he 
wants to place let us say over a four or five year period he wants to place a $100 million order, 
he does not want to put all his eggs in one basket. 
So what we do now is that if I am the lead, I take 70% of the business volume and the Chinese 
volume we say okay for 2018, 2019 we will do it out of a Chinese block. It gives a great 
degree of comfort to the customer not necessarily to look at a large second supplier. So these 
are the four principal advantages that we have with Igarashi besides the fact that we are dealing 
in motor business we have got a complete 70 years in three years’ time. 
Dhruv Bhatia: 
Okay, but the sales ultimately made by IMI is directly to your Tier 1 suppliers or does Igarashi 
some local companies sort of intermediate that process? 
P. Mukund: 
No, the technical relationship and the manufacturing relationship is all directly between the 
plant and the customer. But from the commercial standpoint the purchase orders are placed on 
these regional offices who in turn place it on the company in India. And this is all related party 
arm’s length so finally I think for our products we decide the ultimate price to the customer 
and the mark up for all the services that our offices do in various regions we take the decision 
here, our pricing committee in India takes the decision. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Priya Ranjan from Systematix 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Priya Ranjan: 
Sir, just one question on the growth part on particularly the coming new programs. So when 
can we see the ramp up of the volume from the new programs which we are trying to target 
and which we already have in our basket? 
P. Mukund: 
Short term guidance Priya Ranjan, normally we have not been given but I think I owe it you to 
give a view in terms of how we would like to look at it. As I said whole year when I was 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
responding to other people that the capacity addition at 25% per year has started from last year 
whereas the filling up of the capacity is going to take place from next year and or the year after 
beginning or middle of next year is something which as we go forward we will know that. But 
our endeavor is to get from a see we have been growing the topline at about 10%, 12% per 
year and we took the opportunity of this slower growth of the topline to make sure that our 
margins grow at twice that. Now I think we want to bring in to equilibrium. 
So when we bring into equilibrium I would imagine that there will be visibility of that from 
this year itself if you take the first quarter. In the first quarter itself we elected to our growth of 
about 12% in volume last year first quarter our growth has been about 17% in volume. So the 
visibility is already there and we are going to drive in this path only. So having said that I do 
not want to commit a number in terms of quarter-on-quarter how it will be but as you go 
forward it is our endeavor to go upwards of 20% as far as the volume is concerned. 
Because the market does offer the opportunity and our constraints basically will be in terms of 
how secure are we with regard to the investment. Because when we make an investment call 
Priya Ranjan, we make an investment call not just to play in tier 2 but we go right up to tier 5. 
And that is when you own the entire investment up to tier 5 is when your customer respects 
you and you have a certain power which I may say to a degree a pricing power. 
Because at some point in time in this kind of industries when you do not have what you call is 
the pricing power then your margins can never grow. So with respect to it whether you grow at 
topline at 20% or 30% of 40%. So what at this point in time we do not want to lose at the cost 
of trying to grow fast is the quality of our growth, Priya Ranjan. 
P. Mukund: 
If there are no more questions I think thank you very much for the interest gentlemen and for 
the questions. I hope I have satisfactorily answered all the questions. 
Priya Ranjan: 
So there are few more questions. But we will take one last question, sir. 
P. Mukund: 
Sure, go ahead. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Abhishek Trivedi from Kitara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Trivedi: 
Sir, just one question from my part. I just wanted to know as to how are things shaping up as 
far as the Bosch JV is concerned and what is the roadmap like for this JV? 
P. Mukund: 
See as far as Bosch is concerned you know that Bosch is very big. So they are the largest 
player as far as this space is concerned and in electric motors for automotive they will be 
upwards of $5 million worldwide. So they went through some challenges as far as the joint 
venture is concerned due to the projections of the Indian market back in 2007-08 where 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
actually belied by the reality. So in 2007 and 2008 when the forecast of the Indian market was 
there it was like the car market is going to grow at between 12% to 15% per year. And that did 
not happen. So they went through certain challenges but then Bosch is completely committed 
because Bosch is a very long term company and the two new plants that they have put up over 
the last 7 to 8 years was one in Brazil and one in India. 
So which was happening in Brazil they have decided to go slow on Brazil but India they are 
packing up. So they have added a huge investment in India and I am quite bullish about the 
future of India fundamentally rising out of two things. One is their parent Bosch is great and 
second see we had come a long way Abhishek, with regard to the cost structure in India 
compared to even China. There have been many advantages tailwinds in our favor at a macro 
level because 6 to 7 years ago an MMD used to be Rs. 5. Today an MMD is about Rs. 10. And 
6 to 7 years ago a person on the shop of manufacturing motors used to cost about $200 to $220 
in China, today it is doubled whereas India is remains almost same in dollar terms. The third 
thing is availability of people in China is going down drastically. Therefore the investments 
capacity in China is going up due to automation requirements. 
And the fourth one is the market in China from 3 million vehicles in 2001 has gone to about 22 
million vehicles now. So these are kind of tailwinds for people to look at manufacturers in 
countries like Vietnam, Thailand may be India and so on. So that way I think the joint venture 
with Bosch on is on the right radar. And they have also looking at new products being 
introduced. Earlier the idea was to look at Indian markets and the idea was to look at some not 
very new generation technologies. Since last year they have started putting a newer generation 
technology products also in the joint venture. 
But the view that we should take as far as the joint venture is concerned should be a longer 
term view than Ind-AS like ours, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Trivedi: 
So we are still hold the auction of increasing our stake from the current 10% stake which we 
hold in the JV or how is it like? 
P. Mukund: 
Yeah, we have the option but whether we should do it or not is something which we need to 
debate in our board. Because see at this point in time we have known as I mean very calming 
means it is a very internal statement that I am making.  See we at one point in time we have 
Bosch has 0% as our customer when he was under 5% when he became a very important 
customer. Now I think we have several other customers who are also working with us. And we 
are behind some and some of them are not Bosch. So it is a very nice situation to be in. So 
where would you go and try to increase your play at a strategic joint venture level then you 
have the opportunity of growing the business without being a daily partner. 

 
Igarashi Motors India Limited 
August 5, 2016 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints that was the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Priya Ranjan for his closing comments. 
Priya Ranjan: 
Thanks for the management team particularly Mr. Mukund sir and Dinakara Babu for taking 
time out for this maiden quarterly call. So hope to have more in future. Thank you, sir. Thanks 
a lot. And thanks a lot for all the participants. 
P. Mukund: 
Thanks to everybody. Thanks for your attention. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Systematix 
Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
