
 
 
PFIZER LIMITED 
 
EDITED TRANSCRIPT OF FIRST QUARTER RESULTS ENDED 
JUNE 30, 2016, ANALYSTS’ TELECONFERENCE CALL 
 
 
Event Date: August 8, 2016 
 
Start Time: 4.00 pm IST 
 
End Time: 4.50 pm IST 
 
 
Pfizer Management Participants: 
Mr. S. Sridhar – Managing Director 
Mr. Ravi Prakash – Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good afternoon and welcome to the Pfizer First 
Quarter Ended June 30, 2016 Financial Results Analyst Teleconference. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of 
today’s conference. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call you may signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. We have with us today from the management              
Mr. S Sridhar – Managing Director and Mr. Ravi Prakash – Chief 
Financial Officer. I now hand the conference over to Mr. S Sridhar. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
S Sridhar 
Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us in the first quarter 
call. I have with me Ravi, our as Chief Financial Officer, so both of us 
will address the call and take any questions. We announced the results 
on Friday and I am sure you would have seen the results by now. This 
is the first time we have published the results under the new 
accounting standards, i.e., Ind-AS (Indian Accounting Standards) both 
for the current quarter and also the same period last year. So both 
quarters are comparable under the new accounting standards. Ravi 
will talk to you in detail about the changes under the new accounting 
standards when he covers his section . 
As you would have seen that the revenue for the current quarter has 
been pretty soft at 3% odd percent, predominantly because of two 
reasons. One is the impact of the fixed dose combinations (‘FDC’) 
under the regulatory issues surrounding Corex and the new prices 
which came into play from 1st April. The three aspects of pricing policy 
– one is the new NLEM came into place. Second, the wholesale price 
index of 2.7% reduction on the old NLEM products and the NPPA on 
their own, on the Para 18 also revised some of the formulations.             
So the three kinds of pricing impacts with company took effective 
April. So a combination of Corex and pricing has had an impact on the 
quarter results. 
 
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
In relation to Corex, as you all know we had moved the Court in Delhi. 
We have a stay order in place. We do continue selling Corex across the 
country, however the uncertainty around the fixed-dose combinations 
and some regulatory challenges in some of the states pulled back the 
sales in the last couple of months in the quarter. In terms of pricing or 
the impact on the quarter has been about Rs. 15 odd crores and on a 
full year basis, we expect it to grow 80-90 crores. So combination of 
Rs. 15 crores and Corex is what has impacted us for the quarter 
financially. If you look at the industry also for the quarter that also has 
shown a significant decrease primarily because of pricing policy. The 
growth which had been 13% to 14% has come down to about 9% and 
this sluggish growth is seen across both MNCs and Indian companies. 
In terms of the pricing, we have had a few products in the Anti-
Infectives and CNS product category,which came under price control 
this year. Another product Erythromycin came under price control 
with a price impact till about January of this year post which the 
products transitions to Abbott and hence effective February 2017,             
we will not have an impact of Erythromycin but Zosyn and CNS 
products are the two big areas that will an impact for current year. 
There are also a lot of stock returns on the market despite NPPA 
coming out with the policy which permitted us to sell the old priced 
stock with a new lower invoice. The stockists have not accepted it.                         
They continued sending back the goods back to the companies 
including us, so we are forced to take it back, re-sticker it and send it 
back. So that process also has seen some kind of stock returns coming 
back in the first quarter. 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
In relation to our Corporate Social Responsibility, I am happy to share 
that we gave out our awards for the first set of incubators as a 
partnership with IIT Delhi two weeks back. We awarded two ideas 
which have a potential to create local patent, these are startups 
creating ideas and they will work in the IIT Campus over the next two 
years and taken the proof of concept into a patent stage. The program 
offers Rs. 50 lakhs per incubatee which have already been deployed. 
In addition, we also awarded three people who already have a proof 
of concept and will support them to take it to a filing stage. We are 
going to help them file. So it is funding those people with the                     
Rs. 3 lakhs for each of those cases there. 
I want to hand over to Ravi to talk to you more about the financial 
performance because that is where more interest is for this quarter. 
So I am going to have Ravi to take you through the financial results. 
Ravi, over to you. 
Ravi Prakash 
Thank you Sridhar. Good afternoon everybody. Once again thank you 
for joining the Pfizer call for the first quarter results. I would like to 
split the discussion into two parts today. First I want to start with 
talking to you a little bit in detail about what the new accounting 
standards imply for our reported financials because there are one or 
two significant changes and I would like to address them upfront. 
Then I will walk you through some of the key line items in the 
financials. With respect to Ind-AS, this quarter, like Sridhar has already 
mentioned is the first quarter where we are reporting as per the new 
Indian Accounting Standards and the comparative quarter is also 
being adjusted or reinstated to make them comparable. 
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Our numbers are impacted, there are four comments I would like to 
make. First, in the case of revenue, there is a minor decrease in terms 
of reported numbers, because certain kinds of sales promotion 
expenses which were earlier being reported as part of advertising and 
promotion and other expenses are now classified as a deduction from 
revenue. So this mainly relate to stockiest related and retail related 
promotions. So the impact is not a big number in this quarter, it is 
about Rs. 49 lakhs. So to that extent the reported revenue is reducing. 
But then it is a comparable one in both quarters, so the growth rate 
per se does not get impacted this quarter because of any accounting 
changes. Second, Ind-AS requires revenue to be grossed up for excise, 
but as SEBI is yet to notify the revised financial formats, this quarter’s 
published financial statements still show revenue net of excise.                  
I just wanted to make that point. In terms of expenses, you would 
have noticed a major decrease of Rs. 16.4 crores to be precise,            
this is primarily on account of reduction in depreciation and that is 
because as per Ind-AS we do not need to amortize goodwill any 
longer. So as many of you would recall when erstwhile Wyeth Limited 
merged with the Pfizer Limited, almost Rs. 1080 crores worth of 
goodwill and intangible assets were created. Of this goodwill was             
Rs. 660 crores and intangible assets are the balance. Goodwill which 
was being amortized on a straight line basis over 10 years is no longer 
required to be amortized. So the benefit that we have got in this 
quarter because of this change in accounting policy is Rs. 16.4 crores. 
So that is one big change which has happened in the expense line. 
And that will continue going forward. 
 
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
So as you look at our numbers from now onwards you need to reset 
our expenses and our profit before tax to this extent. So that is the 
number that I want to just call out. The second thing you would have 
noticed is that in the case of the tax rate, you would have noticed that 
the effective tax rate this quarter is 35% versus 44% in the past and 
here I want to just take a little more time because there has been a 
little bit of a complicated accounting adjustment here. Ind-AS requires 
that whenever you have a business combination, any adjustment in 
the balance sheet, either because of fair value, revaluation of the 
assets or any goodwill or any intangibles which are created, they need 
to be stated in the balance sheet, net of taxes, even if you may not 
obtain tax reduction in future, the accounting standard requires that 
you need to restate them net of taxes. So the intangible assets which 
are about Rs. 427 crores in  our balance sheet we have had to create a 
deferred tax liability to state them correctly as per Indian standards 
and on a quarterly basis what happens is a part of that liability 
reverses and comes in as a credit into the P&L, so the effective tax rate 
is a regular statutory tax rate. It is a purely book adjustment. This has 
to be done to comply with Ind-AS and that is the reason you see the 
change in effective tax rate. I just wanted to clarify that upfront. So 
these are the few big changes which have happened. Once again I 
want to emphasize that we have restated for current quarter as well 
as comparative quarter, so all numbers are comparable. 
 
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
After this is done let me just walk you through what the numbers 
themselves speak about. Revenue, Sridhar talked about the fact that 
this was a bit of a soft quarter, 3% growth. What has really happened 
is some of the key brands like Prevenar, Magnex, and Oral 
Contraceptives they have grown the double-digit which normally they 
have done in the past quarters as well, but we have been impacted 
significantly by the decline in Corex and pricing, which between them 
they have taken almost 4 percentage points of growth. The mid -tier 
brands for the ones which have been impacted the maximum by price 
changes which have happened this quarter and they have declined 
about 7%. Those are the key drivers of the revenue growth rate. I want 
to just address two issues with respect to expenses. You would 
probably notice that expenses have grown up, both people expenses 
as well as other expenses. In the case of people what has really 
happened is two things: one is the impact of annual increments that 
has taken costs up. The second thing which has happened is sales 
incentives have been higher. You have to understand that despite the 
pressures that you are creating with Corex and NLEM in general the 
rest of the business is on a healthy growth trajectory and therefore 
sales incentives are actually tracking that trajectory. So these are the 
two reasons why our employee expenses are attracting higher than 
last year. When it comes to other expenses there is a mixture of things 
happening. For one big change is the timing of our sales conferences 
which normally used to happen in July, we just got pulled it forward by 
a month, this month, which have impacted us. Then we have had cost, 
Sridhar referred to that in his remarks of pulling back some stocks, so 
that has impacted us. We also have litigation expenses with respect to 
Corex. So these are some of the 2-3 big drivers which have resulted in 
an increase in other expenses. So overall when you look at the P&L it 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
has been a 3% revenue growth rate. Expenses have continued with a 
normal growth trajectory. As a result, we have had a 7% decline in 
profit before tax and exceptional items. We have had one exceptional 
item this time which is the income from the sale of our Bharuch guest 
house which is adding about Rs. 7.93 crores and that kind of brings us 
to the reported numbers that you see. There is a lot going on in the 
P&L in terms of the accounting standards but I hope the four points 
that I explained to you would make it clear. I will pause here and 
Sridhar and I will be happy to take any questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Ranjeet Kapadia 
from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Ranjeet Kapadia 
Good Afternoon, I have two questions. One is the depreciation which 
is Rs. 15 crores, will it have the same running rate in the remaining 
three quarters and the second question is regarding the tax rate. What 
will be the annual tax rate approximately or you can guide for annual 
tax rate? 
Ravi Prakash 
With respect to tax rate Ranjeet, what you see in this quarter should 
be a good guidance. So whatever tax rate that you see will continue 
for the remaining quarters as well. 
Ranjeet Kapadia 
And sir regarding amortization and depreciation which is Rs. 15 crores, 
the running rate will be the same or it will increase? 
Ravi Prakash 
It should stay the same.  
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Ranjeet Kapadia 
Because it will be about Rs. 60 crores per annum approximately. 
Ravi Prakash 
The number would be around Rs. 43 crores. annually for the 
amortization of intangibles and the balance would be the regular 
depreciation. 
Ranjeet Kapadia 
And in sir other expenses we have seen a jump from Rs. 112 crores to 
Rs. 128 crores. So how much are the expenses related to litigation and 
how much is for sales conference if you can guide something? 
Ravi Prakash 
Without getting into exact numbers, the three numbers that I talked 
about i.e., movement of the sales conference, litigation as well as the 
withdrawal of stock from the market, all these have contributed 
without getting into exact details of these numbers. 
Ranjeet Kapadia 
And do you feel that the litigation for Corex you will have to spend 
more going further in the current year? 
Ravi Prakash 
At the moment, the arguments have not completed in the Delhi High 
Court. It all depends on what the judgment is and then only we can 
decide on next steps and legal strategies. So I think it will be difficult at 
this stage to comment on whether we will incur more expenses or 
not. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Girish Bakhru from HSBC.           
Please go ahead. 
 
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Girish Bakhru 
Can you update on the Fixed Dosage Combination impact and where 
that particular litigation aspect is right now? 
S. Sridhar 
The arguments from Pfizer’s side and the department sides are over.            
The Court has stayed the notification and they are yet to announce 
the order finally. The stay is in place, which means we can continue 
selling Corex. So that is the status. We are waiting for the Delhi High 
Court to pronounce the judgment finally. 
Girish Bakhru 
When is that expected? 
S. Sridhar 
Well I was hoping that will come somewhere in the month of July or 
August, so hasn’t come as of now. So I am not able to really comment 
on the exact timelines on that. 
Girish Bakhru 
Any thoughts on overall how the GST will impact particularly in terms 
of the warehousing and sales incentive strategy, how your company is 
thinking to address that? 
S. Sridhar 
Fundamentally in relation to our warehouses, given that we deal with 
close to about 6000 stockists etc, we do not see any major change at 
our CFA operation in various states. We would probably drop a few 
numbers. Currently we are about 28 to 30 of them; maybe 4 or 6 will 
get rationalized. We are yet to work on it but I do not see way many 
changes there. We are still working on the strategy there whether 
should it be a combination of CFA, main warehouse etc, it is 
something we were working on it. There will be some change 
obviously yes but we will get to know about it. Now that they 
announce the decision to go with GST, now we will start preparing 
ourselves and work on the plan. 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Girish Bakhru 
And will there be a significant change in how the sales force is 
incentivized? 
S. Sridhar 
I do not think so, not because of GST.  
Girish Bakhru 
Because, we have been hearing that because of course the interstate 
boundaries get blurred and maybe rethinking requirement from most 
pharma companies how they incentivize the sales force for particular 
zonal sales they do. I do not know if that is still an issue in the sector. 
S. Sridhar 
See the geographical territory may undergo some change, but it 
doesn’t change the incentive per se. Assuming that we shift some 
warehouses from one to the other location, I do not think that the 
operating territories are going to change because today the incentive 
is based on the territory sales achievement. Territories are not going 
to undergo a change. Territories are going to remain as it is. It is only 
the way of shipping from one to the other location undergoes a 
change. In map of India the line still remains, the cities are not going 
to change.  
Girish Bakhru 
And lastly the issues around Wysolone and other products, I mean 
particularly wanted some color on Prevenar, how they have done in 
the quarter. 
S. Sridhar 
Prevenar is okay. We are doing pretty well there. Wysolone is back on 
track. No major issues. We have the supplies back on track, so we are 
doing well on both the products.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Birla Sunlife 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Dhaval Shah 
Thanks for the detailed explanation for transitioning to Ind-AS. 
Wanted to know couple of things. One is the growth rates which have 
come down for the industry per se in the first quarter and largely it is 
because of the FDC issue which banned out in April, how do you see 
the next nine months? Do you think next nine months you will be able 
to compensate in terms of the growth rate as an industry per se going 
back to that 12-14% kind of a number? 
S. Sridhar 
Well the pricing is more or less permanent. So once the pricing policy 
has started effecting from April onwards, from April to June the 
department actually announced it in various phases. Actually effective 
July, we actually want to see a full impact of it coming in there.             
So according to me a pricing impact is going to be permanent.               
In case of FDC, products which are also little bit on a regulatory 
challenges like with Corex we have a challenge, I do not know much 
about the other FDCs, but if the ban comes obviously there will be 
some slowdown there also going forward. So I am not too very sure 
whether we want to go immediately to 13-14% because both pricing 
and FDC at least pricing will impact it for sure. 
Dhaval Shah 
And in terms of the NLEM products, new products which have got 
introduced under the NLEM for the Company, Is the complete impact 
reflected in the queue in P&L or is there some drag which will also 
continue in Q2 in terms of some kind of a margin erosion that we 
should be further looking at? 
S. Sridhar 
So April, May, June they started announcing in batches. So we started 
implementing the price in batches. So all our products have come 
under price effective April, May, June but April, May, June has not 
seen the full impact of it. So actually from July onwards we will see a 
full impact of it. 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Dhaval Shah 
So Q2 should be a true reflection in terms of what is the overall hit 
that you would have received because of NLEM new introduction? 
S. Sridhar 
In a quarter. 
Dhaval Shah 
Okay. The third point is in terms of Corex, while we appreciate that we 
are waiting for the court verdict, could you actually throw some light 
that is there some plan B that you could implement in case the verdict 
is not in our favor to see to it that you can use some other ingredients 
so that the brand itself might not have that kind of a dent in the 
overall market? 
S. Sridhar 
Sure, so we already have a product called Corex DX and we are seeing 
a positive traction on Corex DX since the last FDC rule came into play. 
So we are seeing that happen. Corex DX is already another alternative 
a non-codeine formulation which we are aggressively promoting. And 
also we are looking at other options and we are also talking to the 
government and we will find the right win-win situation there. But 
Corex DX is definitely doing well for us. 
Dhaval Shah 
And you can take that PAN India in terms of replacing Corex wherever, 
because I understand Corex DX was there introduced in 3 or 4 states. 
S. Sridhar 
Corex Dx is already there in PAN India. We have been marketing it for 
last many years now. We would be seeing a little more increase sales 
in that since the time the Corex ban has come into play on the codeine 
formulation. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Hyanki from Axis Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Mayank Hyanki 
With the overall view of the new launches that we will have over the 
next few years, you know the regulatory environment and the costs, 
so where do you see the margins going in the medium to long term 
and what could be the drivers behind it? 
Ravi Prakash 
So you wanted to talk about the new launches and the margins.                 
This year, we will have some headwinds in terms of margins this year 
both because of the stuff happening around Corex as well as pricing 
and pricing is a straight hit to margin. So I would expect to see margins 
slightly lower than what we reported this quarter going forward.  
Mayank Hyanki 
Actually I wanted to know the overall margin trend in light of the new 
product launches that we have lined up for future for coming years, 
not in the immediate quarters or so. And I think all of us understand 
that this year is going to be tough for a lot of players especially who 
have got more sales coming from the branded India Portfolio. I think 
everybody is building in some kind of margin contraction for sure 
along with the sales slowdown but what I wanted to understand that 
there is slightly medium-to-longer term, say 3 years to 5 years’ plan, 
how do you see these margins coming through? Do we have scope for 
cost efficiencies on various line items including supply chain or cutting 
down expenses or controlling expenses? If you could throw some 
color on how the margin will be trending? 
Ravi Prakash 
Now that we have gotten over the discussion on near term, in the 
medium-term we would like to start building them back margins.                
But I think key for us is first and foremost to build back the revenue 
that we expect to kind of have a decline over the next 2 to 3 quarters. 
The first imperative for the company is we would like to build back the 
revenue, once the revenue gets built back chances are that we should 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
be able to bring it at a competitive margin. So in the medium term,       
we should probably try and get back to where we are right now               
but I want to emphasize the word medium-term.  
Mayank Hyanki 
Which is more like the 22% kind of range which you hit last year? 
Ravi Prakash 
Yes, which is if you take the last quarter of last year if you recall,               
we have always been saying that we are comfortable with the current 
structure of the P&L. That was what we were saying till last quarter. 
That is where we would like to get back to but it is going to take some 
time. 
Mayank Hyanki 
Okay, and this would be driven by cost efficiencies or do we have 
more aggressive launch pipeline than what has been till now? 
Incrementally we have also been hearing about slightly stronger or 
more aggressive launch pipeline from your fellow MNC companies in 
their own fields. So what is our launch pipeline like for the next 2-3 
years’ timeframe. 
Ravi Prakash 
Revenue is certainly a priority, in fact if you were to push us I would 
say that if you look at the P&L building back revenue is our #1 priority. 
I think I will leave it at that and we will look to see how we can quickly 
grow either through volume or through new launches. The revenue 
that we have been forced to give up because of either pricing or 
Corex. 
Mayank Hyanki 
Secondly just a small book-keeping question, in supply chain has there 
been any change or something like that because what I notice is that 
the value of the imported raw material has significantly gone down in 
FY16 over FY15. So is it a function of the product mix or are we trying 
to source more locally or something like that? 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Ravi Prakash 
It could be that at the end of FY15 we did have a lot more inventory as 
we were transitioning for the Wythe-Pfizer merger, we did probably 
have some inventory. Other than that there has been no change in 
strategy per se.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agrawal from IDFC. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Agrawal 
Following up from your comment regarding the focus being on 
revenue growth, could you just highlight some of the measures 
beyond that we will probably be looking to take for that, I mean are 
there any thoughts beyond the umbrella branding sort of strategy that 
we had in the past? Are there any more drivers that we have in the 
business to really take up the revenue growth for the next 3 to 5 
years? 
S. Sridhar 
Yes, we do have. There are 3 or 4 measures we are taking to work on 
that area. You have got to bear with me for some time for me to give 
the answer in a clearer manner. 
Nitin Agrawal 
Sure, so just on that, without getting in details, I mean some of these 
measures that you are talking about, are they consequence of the way 
Pfizer is looking differently at the market or it is something, changing 
an environment which is enabling you to probably implement some of 
these measures that you may going forward that you are probably 
evaluating right now? 
S. Sridhar 
Quite a few of them. Definitely Pfizer’s interest here. Second our 
recent experiences in pricing and then in Corex and thirdly we have 
taken some measures in 2016. I mean currently we made lot of 
changes from the current structure which is paying a lot of dividends 
to us, though you are not seeing the total number because the pricing 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
and Corex is overtaking it but some of the key brands are all going at a 
good number that is because some of the changes we have made 
internally with a lot of our structure. And we believe that is a good 
thing to do and therefore we are working on certain more areas. So it 
is a combination of some strategies that we placed currently which is 
working well, Pfizer’s interest in India and also some of the learnings 
we have had in the last few months on Corex and on pricing. 
Nitin Agrawal 
And secondly when you get a chance to look at the Pfizer portfolio,             
do you see scope for introducing a lot more products than you have in 
the portfolio? Pfizer as it is sort of the portfolio through acquisitions, 
so the way it has evolved over the last few years, does it throw up 
opportunities for us in a material way in terms of new product 
launches beyond the way we have been doing it in the past? 
S. Sridhar 
See if you really look at all the global big products, we take the top 20 
products which Pfizer has, other than Lipitor and another 2 or 3 very 
small products, Pfizer has all the portfolio in India, either in the name 
as such or in the local name. So for example, I have got Lyrica which is 
a global product out here. I have Prevenar which is a global product 
out here. I have got Magnex, I have got Dolonex, these are Indian 
names of Pfizer’s products. So except for a couple of CNS products and 
one pain product, we are not really missing a major portfolio. We are 
looking at couple of global products, though they have gone all off LOE 
to reintroduce them into India, we are also looking at that aspect of 
this juncture. 
 
 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Nitin Agrawal 
But opportunities like the Hospira transaction which was done 
globally, do this kind of transaction…. 
S. Sridhar 
So Hospira transaction is the opportunity for us to launch some sterile 
injectable in India. So that is also probably we are working on. So it 
would not be a branded product, it would be a branded generic 
because Hospira is a generic company with branded generic but in the 
area of injectables. So we are looking at those options also. 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions we would now like to hand the call 
over to Mr. S. Sridhar for closing comments. 
S. Sridhar 
Thank you everyone for joining this call out here. Like we said it is 
important that we understand the impact of new accounting 
standards on the results and I think Ravi has very clearly explained the 
impact and the reconciliation is also attached to our results which is 
loaded on to the website and you may have a look at it. Corex and 
pricing will continue to have an impact on it for the balance of the 
year, so therefore rest of the year will be somewhat challenging 
compared to the previous. But I am hoping that just as we had an 
issue with pricing few years back, we will be able to overcome that 
kind of pricing challenge with some volume increase and other 
measures. I think we will put some strategies in place for Corex, which 
will enable us to recoup some part of it over a period of time. So 
therefore like we said the margins in that short-term will get impacted 
but we are hopeful of about 21-22% EBITDA margin in the mid-term 
there. So that is all I had to say out here. Thanks for dialing in and 
talking. See you all in the next call. Thank you very much. 
 

 
Pfizer Limited  
August 08, 2016 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator 
Thank you. We now conclude the Pfizer first quarter ended                  
June 30, 2016 financial results analysts’ teleconference. Thank you for 
using the Chorus Call Conferencing Service. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
0 0 0 
