
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited Q1 FY-17 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 1, 2016 
 
 
 
Analyst: Ms. Renu Baid - Institutional Equities – Research, IIFL 
 
 
Management: Mr. Shantanu Khosla – Managing Director 
Mr. Mathew Job – Chief Executive Officer, 
Mr. Sandeep Batra – Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Yeshwant Rege – Vice President-Strategy and 
Financial Planning 
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
2
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Crompton Greaves Consumer 
Electricals Limited Earnings Conference Call hosted by India Infoline Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Renu Baid from 
India Infoline Limited. Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Renu Baid: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining. On behalf of IIFL Institutional 
Equities I would like to welcome the senior management team of Crompton 
Greaves Consumer Electricals to discuss the business strategy and outlook post 
1Q FY17 Earnings Call. 
The management is represented today with Mr. Shantanu Khosla – Managing 
Director; Mr. Mathew Job – Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sandeep Batra – Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Yeshwant Rege – Vice President-Strategy and Financial 
Planning. 
I would now request Mr. Khosla for his opening remarks post which we can open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Shantanu Khosla: Good morning and welcome to the call everyone. This is Shantanu here in our 
offices in Bombay and with me I have Mathew, Sandeep and Yeshwant. As usual I 
will try and give some color to our results briefly and then we are happy to take 
on any questions any of you may have. 
Total income for the quarter was Rs. 1,121 crores growth of 15.4%. We posted an 
operating profit that is profit before corporate expenses it is a onetime item of Rs. 
172.5 crores for the quarter, a growth of 24.4%. Operating profit before corporate 
expenses on onetime items increased from 14.3% in the last quarter to 15.4% 
this quarter. 
Margin expansion of 110 basis points was after accounting for the investment 
which we have made in advertising. Our advertising spend was in excess of Rs. 25 
crores for the quarter. Again as we have been saying over the past couple of calls 
we continue to provide perspective on our profit based on operating profit i.e. 
PBIT before corporate expenses and onetime items simply to provide a 
comparison from the previous period when this business was a part of Crompton 
Greaves and hopefully give some color that were to you. We will continue to 
provide in exactly the same manner till we come to the October November 

 
 
 
 
 
3
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
3
December quarter from when we will have a proper base period and we will give 
straight out comparative numbers because they will exist. 
 
The other thing I would like to point out to all of you is this quarter, which is a 
seasonal business for fans, tends to be the strongest quarter of the year. It also is 
because of the seasonality, the quarter in which we have the highest margin as a 
company. We are quite pleased with our performance in this quarter and from our 
perspective this provides encouragement to us that the strategic choices that we 
have talked about seen at least initially to be delivering results as we move 
forward to the important phase of executions. Like you are aware, these choices 
are five. Firstly, it is a focus for driving our brand, building brand equity, investing 
in the brand. Like you are aware we commenced advertising of the Crompton 
brand with two separate commercials over the last quarter. 
We have as we had mentioned earlier managed to do this investment without 
being margin dilutive as we have continued to drive efficiencies in cost and 
operational efficiencies enabling us to fund this investment. We are quite pleased 
with the initial results of this advertising. Our tracking indicates that spontaneous 
awareness of our brands have gone up across all four categories and the 
advertising itself appears to be engaging and persuasive. 
 
Our second key strategy which we talked was investment on focusing on 
innovation in our portfolio. We continue to work this. We have already put out into 
the marketplace some key innovations especially on fans. Obviously I cannot talk 
about the future but we have a strong innovation pipeline which we are working 
for the rest of the fiscal and beyond across all our four categories. Go to market 
improving both our availability, our distribution and importantly the quality of our 
presence in all our stores is an ongoing program. We have commenced this 
program but like I had mentioned earlier this is a journey and we will continue to 
focus and drive this area because we believe it is critical for a consumer facing 
and consumer centric business in the long term. 
 
Operational excellence is our fourth pillar, we are continuing to work on this hard 
and seeing initial results both in cost reduction and also simply operational 
efficiencies as we are beginning to leverage the benefits of being a single 
consumer facing company. As I mentioned earlier, it is savings which we are 
driving in this area which are helping us to invest in both the advertising and the 
innovation going forward. 
 
Our fifth key leg is of course the organization building capabilities, getting more 
efficient and effective structures in place. Here one of our large programs and key 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
4
investments is putting in place a new ERP system which will help us become much 
more real time and effective in the use of data to take our business and 
operational decisions. This program has commenced and we are working this and 
it is proceeding as per our schedule. 
 
Finally, like I talked in our previous calls really in our core business some of our 
key focus areas are in fans, to really drive the premium segment of our fans with 
consumer meaningful innovation. This segment continues to deliver good results 
but there are still a lot of upside possibility. Volume growth on premium fans in 
this quarter was in excess of 60%. So we are happy with the progress there. On 
pumps we have talked about focusing and building the agri segment where 
relatively our shares are lower versus the urban domestic segment. This continues 
to move forward and growth in this segment over the quarter was 25%. 
 
Finally lighting. Lighting we talked about lighting being a volatile segment as the 
entire market is going through transition from traditional CFL and GLS to far 
superior LED lighting. We had also talked about how our choice is to really focus 
on the future and drive LED. Our progress here is also good and our LED business 
actually over this quarter grew by close to 90%. In fact, one of the critical 
milestones which we hit this quarter on our lighting business was for the first time 
ever our LED business has now become bigger than our non-LED business which 
is good for our future. 
 
Of course the non-LED business continues to decline, our CFL business continues 
to decline but while we need to manage that, our focus on the way we will 
manage that will really be to continue to drive LED which has plenty of upside 
opportunity. 
 
Net we have had a good start. Our business in this first quarter is encouraging 
both as we had mentioned in terms of topline but also in terms of continual 
progress on our bottom line. It gives us encouragement that our strategic choices 
are right. That being said it is a competitive marketplace, we need to make sure 
that we continue to stay rigorously focused on high quality execution as we move 
forward and continue to stay agile especially in lighting as the market keeps 
transforming right in front of us. 
 
With that, I just like to toss it open and take any questions which any of you may 
have, we are happy to address among us anything at all for the time we have. If 
there are any further questions, please feel free to contact Yeshwant after this 
call. Thanks. 

 
 
 
 
 
5
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
5
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Venugopal Garre from Bernstein. Please go 
ahead. 
Venugopal Garre: On the lighting segment I just wanted to understand on a sequential basis there 
has been some margin decline, is it more because of volume decline on a QoQ 
basis or is it more mix led? 
Shantanu Khosla: Thanks, Venu. Sandeep? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Yes, I think on a sequential basis there will be of course two reasons for the 
decline in margin. One of course is the higher advertising spend a part of it which 
has impacted the margins. So if you will recall we advertised both lighting and 
fans in the first quarter. So the predominant contribution for the decline will be 
the higher advertising spend plus of course as you know the whole product mix is 
getting rapidly restructured with LED increasing and the traditional business 
coming down. Some impact has come from the mix restructuring. 
Venugopal Garre: Sir secondly, on the fan segment just a clarification the 60% volume growth was 
what, this is like did I hear it correctly is it 60% volume growth? 
Shantanu Khosla: Yes, it is 60% growth in the premium segment, okay just to clarify we define the 
premium segment as fans which sell for above Rs. 2,500. 
Venugopal Garre: Okay this clarifies but sir within the fan segment just wanted to understand the 
EESL programs which are now sort of increasing intensely towards fans which are 
of course not the premium segment but the economy segment. What is your take 
on that I mean are we looking forward to it in terms of a positive thing for 
participating or do we see some impact of that? 
Shantanu Khosla: Mathew? 
Mathew Job: 
This is Mathew. We will participate in these programs like we have done in the 
past also with lighting in a logical in a profitable manner and we expect that our 
supplies for EESL in Fans also should start sometime in this quarter. 
Venugopal Garre: And lastly sir dividend payout any thought process until now or we will have to 
wait for any clarity on that? 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
6
Shantanu Khosla: Like we had mentioned in the last call, we fully intend to make sure that all 
stakeholders, shareholders particularly get value creation. Dividend is definitely 
one of the ways we are looking at providing value to our shareholders. We have 
not yet worked through with the Board etc exactly what our final dividend policy 
and plan is. We expect to do that and work it out internally with our Board 
through this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Inderjeet Singh from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Inderjeet Singh: 
My first question is on the lighting. If you could throw some more kind of a color 
on this what is the current proportion or a mix of the fixtures part in this how do 
you plan to kind of ramp up margins in this business from this mid-single digit 
kind of a number or a high single digit number to more like a 10%, 12%, is that 
possible? So some kind of a road map on this over the next couple of years would 
be helpful? 
Shantanu Khosla: Okay let me first tell you the way we look at the segments of lighting, okay. They 
are two first broad segments the way we look at it. Business to business and 
business to consumer. And within this we look at LED and non-LED. Within LED 
you have three segments. Regular LED bulbs, LED tube lights and then you have 
fixtures. So that part of the tree with which we look at. If for a moment I leave 
out B2B and talk more about the consumer part of the business, what we are 
seeing is in line with our strategic choice, significant growth happening in LED and 
a corresponding decline happening in non-LED. Within LED we have up till now 
primarily made interventions in the bulb segment on LED where we actually led 
industry price correction as cost came down which has subsequently been 
followed by most people as we expected. 
The second focus area is obviously driving LED fixtures and LED tube lights and 
this is part of the opportunity moving forward. That will be our focus area from a 
consumer lighting point of view. As far as the margins go, what has happened and 
this is not for us but also a reading of the industry as traditional lighting volumes 
have declined, prices have also come down in traditional lighting and margins 
have actually declined in traditional lighting. 
Simultaneously most of the cost reduction is coming in the LED. So the LED 
margins are on the way up and the non-LED margins are on the way down. I 
hesitate to give you a specific margin goal for the future and an exact glide path 
but suffice to say that we do not in the long term see our lighting margins staying 
at 5%. We definitely believe there is an opportunity over time as this transition 

 
 
 
 
 
7
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
7
and transformation begins to settle down to have the margins move upward. Our 
goal would definitely be to get margins to industry levels in this business. 
Inderjeet Singh: 
Okay and just a follow up to that. Could you give us a sense how large is the B2B 
segment at this point of time and I think in an earlier response to I think Venu’s 
question you were saying that the supply for EESL will start this quarter. Was that 
specifically for fans that was mentioned? 
Mathew Job: 
See our B2B business is roughly half the total lighting business for us. In terms of 
EESL yes what I mentioned earlier is the supplies in this quarter will start 
primarily for fans and as we mentioned before for lighting we have already been 
supplying for EESL for the last few quarters already and that will continue as well. 
Inderjeet Singh: 
Okay and last question is it was mentioned that we have an EBIT of roughly 
around Rs. 170 odd crores adjusted for corporate expenses and one time. Can you 
just break those numbers as to what that one time is and how much is that and 
how much our corporate expenses? That would be from my side. Thank you. 
Sandeep Batra: 
So our corporate expenses are about Rs. 20 crores. And if you look at the 
reported EBITDA and the one that we have reported as PBIT before corporate 
expenses the delta is of that order around Rs. 20 crores. And the total onetime 
expenses which are there in this quarter will be about Rs. 3 crores, Rs. 4 crores. 
Inderjeet Singh: 
And pertaining to? 
Sandeep Batra: 
They are largely onetime demerger and some one time initiatives that we have 
undertaken. The cost related to that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Javeri from Alder Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Javeri: 
Yes, my questions have been answered. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam 
from Citi Research. Please go ahead. 
V Balasubramaniam: My first question is, is it possible for you to share the revenues in your four sub 
segments in terms of lighting, fans, pumps and appliances along those lines. Is it 
possible for you to share that? 
Shantanu Khosla: We do not break out the segments in electrical durable segment, however fans 
are the largest, pumps are second, and appliances is third in terms of size. Our 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
8
growth was strong in this entire segment both on fans and on pumps which 
frankly are the largest part of this whole segment. 
V Balasubramaniam: Okay sir just another on a related thing, what we have data from the erstwhile 
company Crompton Consumer when it was a part of the original Crompton 
Greaves at that point in time FY15 lighting was almost like Rs. 983 crore kind of a 
business. But according to the estimates which you have given for FY16 the 
revenues in the electric lamps was around Rs. 563 crores. So does that mean that 
there has been a 43% decline from FY15 to FY16 in terms of revenues in electric 
lamps and lighting or is it like you have changed some kind of classification, 
fixtures are there, are fixtures still a part of your lighting business? Can you clarify 
on that? 
Shantanu Khosla: I think there are two things. One is our business is definitely not declined 
anywhere near that in fact it has grown. Second I think maybe part of the 
confusion is because we officially declared results for only half year results 
because the company came into be in October 1. If you want further details and 
specifics on this, maybe after the call the best thing to do is to speak to Yeshwant 
and he will provide you exact details of the numbers. 
V Balasubramaniam: Okay, I got the answer sir, I think I made the mistake, it should be double this 
number approximately. 
Shantanu Khosla: Yes, right. 
V Balasubramaniam: Yes, okay now you also refinanced your debt recently that is what we read in 
the press and what a press article also suggested was the way the refinancing is 
working is you are repaying at the end of the third year, fourth year and fifth year 
which means that for the first three years you are not going to repay any debt. 
Now if you are not going to repay any debt and with a negative working capital 
business, what are you going to do with the cash? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Let me take that question. So there will be in the next three years till the 
repayment of the debt becomes due, there will be cash generation. So there will 
be a deployment that you do of the cash, little bit of CAPEX, some amount of 
dividend the company would like to distribute. At the end of the day whatever 
cash gets left over there are opportunities. We have within the company about Rs. 
200 crores of acceptances which are vendor bills that have got discounted with 
banks where there is an arbitrage opportunity available to the company in case 
you wish to finance that acceptances. So the cost of that acceptance is far higher 

 
 
 
 
 
9
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
9
than the cost of our borrowing. So we will look at such arbitrage opportunities in 
that interim period to deploy whatever surplus cash that is available. 
V Balasubramaniam: Okay sir the reason I was asking was have you thought about opportunities in 
adjacent categories for example where you do not have such a big presence like 
say wires and cables in terms of either starting a new business or in terms of 
acquisitions? 
Shantanu Khosla: Okay. I think we talked this maybe a couple of calls ago. One of our where to play 
choices is to successfully enter at least one new meaningful adjacency. So 
obviously we are in the process of evaluating which is the right one to do and to 
make sure that we succeed and create even more value for shareholders. 
Obviously I cannot talk about more details of what it is likely to be. Now we are 
like I had mentioned earlier absolutely agnostic to how we do it, whether we do it 
internally, whether we do it with partnerships, whether we do it externally. These 
are all on the plate, we will simply figure out which is the best way to do it to 
maximize chances of success but entering one more adjacency is a strategic 
choice we have made which we will do over the coming medium and long term. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harish Bihani from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 
Harish Bihani: 
Sir, is it possible to share the growth numbers for the segments like fans, pumps, 
appliances broad growth numbers for the quarter? 
Shantanu Khosla: Again the only reason I am hesitant to sharing it is really competition. I do not 
want to release data which will put us at a competitive disadvantage because it is 
a very competitive business. We had definitely robust growth on fans and pumps. 
We believe that the growth was at a level which was meeting our objective of 
gaining market share. 
Harish Bihani: 
Okay and when you say the premium segment has grown by 60% which means of 
the total fan sales of about 8%, 9% premium, that has grown by 60% would that 
be a correct understanding? 
Shantanu Khosla: Absolutely and right now our premium fan sales have grown to a little above 10% 
of the total fans business. So it is still relatively underdeveloped. 
Harish Bihani: 
Okay and another clarification is on the advertisement expense for the quarter of 
about Rs. 25 crores which you suggested. Now is this only advertisement or is this 
sales promotion plus advertisement which was somewhere around Rs. 35 crores 
for the second half last year? 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
10
10
Shantanu Khosla: This is only television advertising. 
Harish Bihani: 
And third is on EESL fans, now in the initial stage now but will these fans be in the 
category of something like a Crompton Riviera, Bajaj Bahar, Orient Hurricane? Will 
that be the kind of category where one should look at when analyzing the fan 
segment? 
Shantanu Khosla: I believe that right now the whole EESL program is more focused on the economy 
segment of fans and essentially it is the government program is conceptually 
trying to do the same thing as the lighting program which is to drive energy 
saving fans and increase it or reduce the energy consumption of the country. So it 
is a energy saving mass fans and obviously this public private partnership will be 
to drive this by creating scale, reducing costs and passing on those cost benefits 
of energy saving fans to more and more consumers. 
Harish Bihani: 
Understood sir but the procurement price hypothetically says what we hear is say 
Rs. 800 for EESL. If I had all the cost say closer to a Rs. 1,100 to say a Rs. 1,200 
will this compete with a Rs. 1,300 to a Rs. 1,400 fans are what I wanted to 
understand? Will that be a broad understanding would be correct or how would 
that be? 
Mathew Job: 
I think I would say a good, if you look at what has happened in the LED business 
if you see for example over time the gap between the market prices and the 
prices of EESL has come down. So a similar phenomenon can be expected here 
but you know as I mentioned before we are participating in the EESL business in a 
very logical way so that we ensure that our minimum expectations of profitability 
are met. And I think you know a lot of the stuff we have done in terms of driving 
operational efficiencies were actually allowing us to compete in this business in a 
fairly profitable manner and that is what we see going forward as well. 
Harish Bihani: 
Okay and my last question is what you had indicated is that some of the 
companies indicating that the LED bulbs program is seeing some kind of 
exhaustion, also the prices have kind of come down, the tenders have not come in 
the EESL, EESL has not asked for a tender for the past couple of months. So what 
do you really see over there? Do you really see scope that after say next 50 
million bulbs, will this program continue or is the price gap comes so low that 
most consumers would want to go to a normal shop and buy LED bulb versus 
buying from EESL. What is your thought process over there? 
Shantanu Khosla: I mean it is obviously just our thinking on the future. One is I believe that prices 
have now stabilized in the sense that a lot of cost has come out of the system 

 
 
 
 
 
11
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
11
because of scale but that has now reached a going level. Second, I personally do 
not think that the program is going to stop however I do think it will stop growing 
the way it has been growing and reach a more sustenance level. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aman Batra from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Batra: 
If you can highlight what is the kind of distribution reach you have and how does 
it stack up against the peers and as an extension if you can also highlight what 
are the different routes to market the go-to-market strategy? How many different 
lines of distribution or sales lines you have for each? Is it separate for each of the 
products or is it a common distribution platform how do you have that? 
Shantanu Khosla: First today our reach is about around a 100,000 stores and this we believe as the 
business growth has opportunity to increase. But importantly also the quality in 
the stores has an opportunity to increase and become more let me call it shopper 
friendly. In terms of channels and I rather talk the channels than our structure to 
service or channels because our structure will always adapt based on providing 
the best service to the different types of channels. One which is still the largest 
and most significant is the traditional electrical channel, which is a combination of 
distributors, large dealers in big electrical markets such as Lohar Chawl in Bombay 
and also wholesalers, electrical wholesalers who take the product further and 
deeper than we can ourselves. 
The second key channel is obviously the emerging or some would call it emerged 
but I believe it is still emerging modern trade which is growing and becoming 
more significant. Its significance varies based on category. So for example for 
small appliances it is far more significant than say pumps tend to be more 
specialty. The third key emerging channel which is growing is obviously e-
commerce and e-commerce is another meaningful channel again, channel salience 
varies based on the category, small appliances in e-commerce, lighting and LED is 
growing well in e-commerce. So these are the typical if you will retail or to 
consumer channel. 
Then of course we have government channels which are critical for parts of our 
business. These government channels would be one of course EESL but beyond 
EESL they are channels which are very important for our street lighting business 
where typically the customer is the Municipal Corporation as they are doing it so 
we have these B2G channel. And finally we have B2B channels right which are 
again key for the different segments of ours. These B2B channels would be 
commercial complexes, factories, etc, etc. So it is a multi-channel business in that 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
12
12
sense and we are continuing to work to grow and build more consumer and 
shopper centric programs with all our channels. 
Aman Batra: 
Sir, just an extension on that so when you are saying or you are saying that the 
connect with the consumer is very important. So this one lakh stores reach how 
would we split that between still let us say direct reach and indirect reach and 
would you focus on direct reach more going forward? 
Shantanu Khosla: Yes, we will focus on direct reach and want to grow the direct reach without a 
doubt. But I do not think it is a question of either or at the same time we have to 
be driving focus and programs for all these channels because our growth 
aspirations require us and we see the opportunities in all the channels. It is not 
that one is dying and one is growing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chanchal Khandelwal from Birla 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: Just wanted to pick your brains. We have seen numbers of other consumer 
companies being reported since you have a FMCG background I just wanted to 
pick your brains here. We are talking about rural slowdown big happening and we 
have seen all the durable companies report a strong set of number. Is it because 
of the penetration which is increasing or is it because of electricity availability 
where durable’s growth is coming strong your reading into it? 
Shantanu Khosla: Chanchal, I cannot really comment on other company’s performance or even more 
other industry performances. But frankly if you want to have a chat on my point of 
view on the FMCG industry just fix up with Yeshwant, I am happy to talk about it, 
right. But I am not close enough right now to the numbers and supply that on the 
FMCG to make any intelligent comments. I do not even stay close to. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: No, what I wanted to understand is the rural India. Is Rural India also growing 
for you or is there a pain which you are seeing and is it that most of the growth is 
coming from the urban or the top 100 or top 200 places within India? 
Shantanu Khosla: Okay, I think for our business; our business the percentage of the business which 
comes from rural consumption is relatively low. We still have opportunities for 
growth and relatively lower development even in small urban India, what is 
technically urban India as per the census. You know Class 4, Class 5, Class 6 
towns. The relative salience in rural is still low. So that is a future opportunity for 
growth but we have got I think a lot to do and a lot of opportunities till become 
there. 

 
 
 
 
 
13
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
13
Chanchal Khandelwal: By low you mean 20%, 25% of the entire sales would be rural or would be 
your higher number here? 
Shantanu Khosla: I would suspect lower. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: Okay and also on the electricity availability, so is that electricity availability 
increasing in the Tier 5, Tier 6 cities that is helping growth in the consumer 
durable space? 
Shantanu Khosla: Yes, obviously but it is not just you know electricity availability, it is also simply 
more urbanization is happening you know these kind of macro trends, kuchcha 
houses becoming pucca houses and all that kind of stuff as a macro trend is 
positive for this industry in general. But these are macro trends they are not 
quarter-to-quarter trends. The second thing I think in this industry which we need 
to keep in mind with regard to electricity it is not only the physical availability it is 
also the quality of electricity. Voltage fluctuations, level of voltage etc how long 
the power is there, all these kind of things have an impact on this industry. But 
the macro trends as we see it in the long term definitely it should be in the 
direction of indicators which are positive in the long term for this entire industry. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: Just one last one, on the premium fans which grew 60% for you. What is the 
total market size of the premium fans and how much of the premium fan is 
Crompton today? 
Mathew Job: 
Our estimate is about anywhere between close to 10% to 15% of the market 
would be premium fans, 10% is our estimate. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: And your share in that premium fan would be how much? 
Mathew Job: 
We will not be able to share exact market share based out for the premium fans 
as total fans as Shantanu mentioned earlier. Our contribution to the fans business 
from premium fans is roughly 10% to 11%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Snigdha Sharma from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Snigdha Sharma: 
Just really quickly I understand that we have had a good growth in fans. Any 
sense of what the industry growth has been here? 
Shantanu Khosla: Well, obviously we have seen as already declared numbers from Havells, which 
shows good growth in fans. V-Guard also shows good growth in fans but it is 
relatively small. What we do not yet know formally what is the growth because 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
14
14
results have been declared of companies like Usha, etc. I would suspect that in 
general this has been a better quarter than the previous quarters for the total 
category in fans just looking at our numbers and Havells numbers, though I would 
suspect that probably Havells and us both grew share in fans this quarter. I do not 
think the market growth would have been the same, but probably higher than has 
been in the last few quarters maybe linked to the fact that it was a very strong 
summer and it was quite a sharp summer. 
Snigdha Sharma: 
And secondly other than the product mix skew towards fans, our margins 
improved like you mentioned partly on account of cost optimization and 
efficiencies. Can we maybe elaborate a little bit on some of the things that we are 
doing here? 
Shantanu Khosla: Okay some of the things that we are doing, okay. One is obviously we have put in 
place a very strong and systematic cost reduction program. We are seeing 
benefits simply because now we are focused and looking at the business and our 
vendor base in totality and not independently as core business units. And that is 
generating cost reduction opportunities. It is a high priority for us as the 
management of the company to be eliminating that waste if you will from the 
system. Second, we are 
strategically thriving premiumization and that 
premiumization obviously is leading to a healthier mix across the Board in most of 
our categories, right. 
So on cost reduction it is not really rocket science, it is putting down the programs 
we have got a list of here are the key cost reductions programs, there is the 
initiative, there is an owner, we are monitoring etc and getting those efficiencies. 
And we see the possibility is moving forward and that is really what is enabling us 
to fund the investments which we believe needs to be made to drive long term 
sustainable growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayur Patel from DSP Blackrock. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayur Patel: 
But just one thing if I recollect reading your Annual Report, so you had quite a 
long series of new products launched during FY16 in lighting you have launched 
Hawk, you have fans there are couple of this sensing room temperature kind of 
products, pumps there are a couple of new products. So just wanted to check for 
this year is there similar kind of focus would be there in fans, pumps and lighting 
or you would have a rigorous new product launch in the consumer durable 
segment also? 

 
 
 
 
 
15
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
15
Shantanu Khosla: We plan if anything to step up our pace of innovation. The important thing is not 
only step up the pace but try and identify unmet consumer needs and drive 
innovations which are bigger. Both in our core businesses initially but like I said 
earlier, we are also for the medium and long term looking at adjacent businesses. 
But the immediate near term focus is on core businesses because we see a strong 
opportunity there. 
Mayur Patel: 
Okay sir just one more thing when we like Mr. Batra spoke about reducing 
acceptances when you have cash flexibility. So is it fair to see that the 
acceptances related cost also gets booked in the financial cost and this should 
come down when you use cash to reduce acceptances, is it fair to say that? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Not always, because you know if the acceptances have been arranged by the 
vendor in some manner that cost is included in his material cost. So obviously 
cost will come down. Now exact line where it will show will depend on who is the 
initiator and arranger of that acceptances. If it is a vendor, then it will be part of 
material cost. 
Shantanu Khosla: See the principle at the end of the day is quite simple. We will use our cash to 
invest in growing the business to be an enabler for us to reduce cost and to give 
to the shareholders to increase the value they get from investing in our business. 
This is what we will use our cash for in principle. 
Mayur Patel: 
Sure sir, this is perfect. I was just trying to just for our projection purpose 
whether to pencil in that benefit in our EBITDA margin improvement or the 
reduction in the finance cost? 
Shantanu Khosla: Yes, No worries. 
Mayur Patel: 
So anyway I will take this offline. 
Shantanu Khosla: I think Sandeep knew exactly why you are asking the question. But again just if 
you need any more details then speak to Yeshwant and whatever we know, 
whatever we have and can we are happy to transparently share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Bharatia from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Bharatia: 
Sir, just want to get your perspective. Are you viewing EESL as an opportunity or 
as a threat especially in the fans business? 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
16
16
Shantanu Khosla: I think we are viewing EESL as an opportunity. If you go back and you look at the 
lighting experience, which is I think the best analogy to draw. What happened was 
that the government helped provide the scale which enabled manufacturers to 
reduce the cost to provide a superior product to the consumer. Now of course 
there is a transition period while this happens. But the fact of the matter is that an 
LED bulb which was sold by various people anywhere between Rs. 300 and Rs. 
400 a year ago, is today sold at Rs. 100 to Rs. 150. 
And by and large people are not making lower margin today. So things will take 
their time, we will all move along the path but I think it is a huge opportunity 
because at the end of the day it is going to get more power saving fans into the 
hands of the consumers. Now we will work through tender-by-tender like Mathew 
said in a sensible manner, we will work with EESL in a sensible manner. So we 
ultimately reach a point where costs are lower for energy savings fans, more 
consumers have the benefit of energy saving fans and this work through a public 
private partnership. So I personally in the medium term see it as an opportunity 
though the step-by-step has to be worked out just like we did in the industry not 
just as in lighting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Trivedi from UTI Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Trivedi: 
Just one I appreciate the effort that the company has taken in terms to improve 
the efficiency but if any color if you can give on the fan as a category what kind of 
growth that you see in the segment in the medium to long term and also your 
same comments on the pump segment? 
Shantanu Khosla: Okay let me start with fans. If I look at historical trends and if you forget this 
quarter for a minute, the fans business has grown the category has probably 
grown at about 8%. It is kind of in some quarters higher, some quarters lower, 
but if I look at the last three four-year trend. Now our stated objective is to grow 
faster than the market. If we go to achieve that as a company we must grow 
faster than the market on a sustained basis in fans, right. So something 
meaningfully above 8% is what our goals, which require us to grow in fans. In 
pumps it is similar we would again expect ourselves to grow faster than the 
market. And as we have said our opportunities for incremental growth on fans is 
in premium where our market share is relatively small and I see agro segment 
which will help us drive that growth in pumps. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Charanjeet Singh from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
17
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
17
Charanjeet Singh: Sir, actually in the last call you had mentioned that we are trying to evolve the 
model for consumer appliances where we want to see what are the kind of right 
market approach go to market approach for this segment. So has there been a 
thought process which is evolved on the consumer appliances in terms of what is 
the right market approach? 
Shantanu Khosla: Yes, we have been working that Charanjeet and obviously it is an important area 
to work. So it is a little if you will premature for me to share outcome of that work 
because it is kind of still in progress but suffice to say that consumer appliances 
remain one of our discontinuous growth areas. As we have called out in our 
original strategy it is a more complex area simply given where we are and our 
starting point or position. But in the midterm we clearly aspire to develop a 
program which will be a combination of branding, innovative propositions and go 
to market which will enable that. We have got some test going, we are doing 
learning that is the kind of the state we are in it. 
Charanjeet Singh: Okay sir and the other question will be on the EESL procurement of fans. Sir, if we 
interpolate with you know what happened with the LED category and we saw the 
pricing declining at a very sharp pace and vendors would have to tweak their 
supply chains accordingly and manage the cost well during this transition. So how 
do you see that happening in the fans category because being fans is one of the 
largest proportion of our revenues, it would have a significant impact for us? 
Shantanu Khosla: Again this is all speculative but I see it directionally has happening like lighting. 
But the reason is for example an LED bulb used to cost Rs. 400 and a CFL bulb 
used to be below Rs. 100. I do not think we are talking about those kind of price 
or cost differences, right. So I think the whole process would be much smoother 
and over much more time and gradually. Personally that is what I believe and I 
think that will make a transition a longer term transition than lighting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss. 
please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
My question is on the premium fan side. As I had seen the growth in the premium 
side is quite healthy and strong so is that the entire market is and also shifting the 
fan market? What is on premium fan, or we are just gaining more of the market 
share in the premium side? 
Mathew Job: 
I think our estimates are that the premium part of the market is definitely growing 
faster than the average. But the fact also is we believe that there are set of 
actions we have put in place to drive premiumization, is also allowing us to gain 

 
 
 
 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
18
18
share in the premium segment. So both are happening. There is a shift towards 
the premium in the market as a whole but we are definitely getting share in the 
premium segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time that was the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
their closing comments. 
Shantanu Khosla: Thank you for all your engagements and thank you for the questions. Hopefully 
we were able to give you flavor of something behind the numbers and our 
thinking. Like I said Yeshwant and his team are fully available to take any further 
detailed questions. We continue I mean we are a new company just to remind 
everyone we are three quarters old in our existence. So it is a journey we are on. 
But we as an organization would like to stay as transparent as we can and share 
our thinking and the color behind these numbers on the going basis because the 
more you know about our business the better we believe it is. 
 
So thank you all very much and I look forward to speaking to you at the end of 
this quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of India Infoline Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
