
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
Q1 FY17 Earning Conference Call Transcript 
July 25, 2016 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Greenply Industries Limited 
Q1 FY17 earning conference call. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. If you need any assistance during the conference call 
please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Gavin Desa of CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Gavin Desa 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us for the Q1 FY17 earnings call for 
Greenply Industries. We have with us today Mr. V. Venkatramani, the CFO. Before 
we begin, I would like to state that several statements made in today's discussions 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available in the result presentation that has 
been sent to you earlier. I would now invite Mr. V. Venkatramani to begin 
proceedings of the call. 
V. Venkatramani 
A very warm welcome to everyone present and thank you for joining us today to 
discuss Greenply’s operating and financial performance during the first quarter of 
FY 2017.  
I will talk briefly about the performance of our business before taking you through 
the numbers for the quarter. While we continue to witness a consolidation we have 
delivered a decent growth across both Plywood and MDF businesses. We are 
steadily expanding the distribution network of our newly launched Wallpaper 
business with increasing acceptance. Our Plywood business has achieved better 
sales and improved margins due to better capacity utilization, cost control, cost 
reductions, improving manufacturing efficiencies and product quality. The quarter 
witnessed higher capacity utilizations with slightly lower realizations since our 
Rudrapur Plywood unit has come out of excise exemption with effect from 2nd May, 
2016. We have been able to maintain our market share and grow our volumes. 
 
On the MDF business our volumes continues to grow, given the increasing 
acceptance of the products leading to higher capacity utilizations. Going forward 
we hope to improve volumes further with the recent imposition of Anti-Dumping 
Duty on imports from Indonesia and Vietnam. We are happy to inform that land 
development work has started in Andhra Pradesh for our new MDF Plant which will 
provide the necessary impetus for future growth. 
 
Moving on to financials, Greenply delivered a topline growth of 9.3% in Q1 on a 
year-on-year basis. Growth has come on the back of a better performance by the 
Plywood business which grew by 7.7% year-on-year while MDF has grown by 

 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
11.4% year-on-year reflective of the overall industry consolidation and preference 
for our brands. 
 
Average realization for Plywood has reduced due to the end of excise exemption at 
Uttarakhand Plywood Unit with effect from 2nd May, 2016. And MDF realization has 
marginally decreased over the previous quarter owing to exports. MDF exports for 
the quarter was 3,472 cubic meter at an average realization of Rs. 17,279 per 
cubic meter. 
 
Our gross margins have improved on a quarterly basis by 110 basis points to 
45.6% due to increasing capacity utilizations and improving operational 
efficiencies. We continue to invest in brand building which in turn enables us to 
maintain our market share. Our ad expenditure to sales in Q1 was 3.3%, an 
increase of 34.6% in value terms which has helped in improving the brand recall. 
 
EBITDA margins have improved by 80 basis points at 15.5% for the quarter. Efforts 
to improve the gross margins have paid of at the EBITDA level. Our capacity 
utilization in Q1 were higher at 111% for Plywood and 106% for MDF compared to 
95% in Plywood segment and 92% in MDF segment in the year-on-year quarter. 
 
PBT growth for Q1 was higher by 29.5% at Rs. 46.3 crore and PAT growth was 
26.4% at Rs. 34.11 crore due to increase in tax rate from 23.85% to 26.4%. Tax 
rate has increased since the Rudrapur Plywood Unit has also come out of 
corporate tax exemption which was applicable till last year. 
 
Our Working Capital turnover has reduced by 17 days’ year-on-year to 47 days and 
three days on a sequential basis owing to a more efficient management of 
inventory and creditors. We will be focusing our efforts to reduce working capital 
investment in debtors. We are well positioned in the marketplace and looking 
forward to improve performance in future quarters with Anti-Dumping Duty now 
imposed on imports from Indonesia and Vietnam and expected implementation of 
GST. 
 
That concludes my presentation. I would now request to the moderator to open the 
floor for the Q&A session.  
Moderator 
First question is from the line of Nehal Shah from ICIC Securities.  
Nehal Shah 
How has been the growth in Ecotec both in terms of volumes as well as value? 
Second is the sustainable tax rate for the full year? 
V. Venkatramani 
On the Ecotec side we had a volume growth of close to 10%. Realizations were 
down by 3% compared to the year-on-year uarter. Our tax rate for this quarter was 
around 26.4% but for the full year I estimate that the tax rate could increase 
probably to a maximum of 28%. 
Nehal Shah 
What has been the sales growth in Ecotec? 
V. Venkatramani 
Ecotec sales were Rs. 61.34 crore in this quarter compared to Rs. 57.74 crore in 
the year-on-year, so approximately about 6%. But then it has to be viewed 
separately because earlier last year our Bwr Ecotec sales were considered in the 
trading segment which was shifted to the manufacturing segment. So possibly if we 
exclude the Bwr Ecotec sales from the  last year’s  numbers  the growth would 
have been closer to 16-17%. 

 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Nehal Shah 
So even if we include Bwr as well then Year-On-Year growth in Ecotec as a brand 
would be close to 16-17%? 
V. Venkatramani 
True. 
Moderator 
We have next question from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from JP Morgan.  
Gunjan Prithyani 
On this Plywood growth we have seen some improvement at the margin. Is there 
any change you have seen on the ground and how are you seeing FY17 in terms 
of growth for this segment? I missed your point of 16% growth which you 
mentioned just now, if you could just give some sense on that? And secondly if you 
could tell me about the Working Capital because there seems to be significant 
reduction there, what's the main driver for that? 
V. Venkatramani 
Your first question regarding the environment, so the demand environment 
continues to be as challenging as it was in the earlier quarters. I don't think we are 
seeing any improvement at all as far as the demand conditions are concerned. 
Regarding your question on Ecotec, in Ecotec there are two segments, we have 
Bwr which is premium and MR which is the low-mid segment. So till the first quarter 
of last year our Bwr Ecotec sales were also outsourced and later on to have better 
capacity utilizations at our manufacturing units we decided to shift Bwr Ecotec from 
outsourcing to manufacture. So because of that growth in this quarter is 6.2%. Now 
if we remove Bwr Ecotec from the last year’s numbers then growth would be about 
16-17%. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
That is the lower end MR? 
V. Venkatramani 
Yes, mid-segment Plywood. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Why have been the realizations under pressure in Plywood this quarter? 
V. Venkatramani 
Realizations have been lower in this quarter both on Plywood as well as MDF. 
Reasons are different. Uttarakhand Plywood Unit has come out of excise 
exemption with effect from 2nd May, so since we are giving realizations on a net 
basis after reducing excise duty so there has been a significant fall in realizations, I 
would say almost close to 4%. So if we remove that impact then the realizations 
would be possibly lower by about 0.5% sequentially. On the MDF side we have 
started exporting MDF which is at a lower realization compared to the domestic 
business. Last year in first quarter there were no exports, in this quarter we 
exported about 3,472 cubic meters at an average realization of 17,277 which is 
significantly lower than our normal realizations of plain MDF which would be close 
to 24,000, so that has impacted the realizations. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Why are we exporting? Since the demand in the domestic market was fairly good 
and we are anyways operating at fairly high capacity utilizations in this segment, so 
why just not cater to the domestic demand which is in fact better margin demand 
for you? 
V. Venkatramani 
Our Andhra Pradesh MDF Unit will commence production in the middle of FY19. 
We are estimating that it will start the production somewhere around September-
October 2018. So it's a very large plant. We will be producing approximately 
3,60,000 cubic meters in that plant.  The domestic markets may not be able to 
absorb the full capacity of this plant in the initial 4-5 years. So we have taken the 
decision to export significant quantum of our production at the new plant for the first 
4-5 years, probably in the range of about 30-40% of the production of that plant. 
would be exported in the initial 4-5 years till the domestic markets are able to 

 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
absorb the increased capacity. So at the moment when we are exporting from 
Uttarakhand Plant, land freight from Uttarakhand to Mumbai Port is prohibitively 
expensive, it's approximately 25% of selling price. Our realizations are getting 
significantly impacted and I don't think we are making any margins at all in this 
export business but we have to build the customer and the distribution network for 
the future when the new plant starts, so we have decided to export approximately 
2000 cubic meters every month to create the customer base for the new plant. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
Was there any regulatory issue or ban in terms of Face Veneer import into the 
country over the last couple of months from Laos or any other geography? 
V. Venkatramani 
I probably heard that they are not permitting exports of Face Veneer from Laos. I 
do not have a detailed report because we are not present in Laos. On Myanmar 
also we are getting reports that Myanmar might either reduce felling of timber or 
they may impose a ban on felling on timber but at the moment we do not have any 
detailed guidance from Myanmar as to what process they are going to adopt in 
future. 
Gunjan Prithyani 
But if there are any regulatory headwind coming through, how are we placed on 
that? 
V. Venkatramani 
We are planning to set up a Face Veneer unit in Gabon in West Africa. We have 
got the approvals in the last Board Meeting to do a survey and also work on the 
Capital Expenditure for the new plant. So over the next 3-4 months we will be 
finalizing that and then probably if the financial considerations are acceptable then 
we would set up a Face Veneer unit in Gabon. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Gaurav Sanghvi from Bajaj Allianz.  
Gaurav Sanghvi 
My question is related to MDF segment, given now that there is an Anti-Dumping 
Duty in place, we were not significantly present in South market, so what's your 
view now in the South market given on the backdrop of this Anti-Dumping Duty? 
V. Venkatramani 
We have to see the impact of Anti-Dumping Duty for at least a quarter before I can 
give you a detailed reply but my preliminary assessment is that it might help us to 
improve our volumes in the Southern market especially in the Industrial Grade 
MDF where we were unable to compete with imports in the Southern markets 
because of our significant freight disadvantage. But I would probably be able to 
give a more detailed reply in the next quarter. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
Second question is on the Anti-Dumping Duty Circular. If we look at there are a 
couple of players for which government has kind of not imposed any duty like a 
0%, whereas broadly excluding 2-3 players the duty is around 14%. So are these 
2-3 players contributing materially sales to India, if you can just throw some light on 
that? 
V. Venkatramani 
Could be either of two reasons, either they have submitted a costing and been able 
to establish that they are not selling below cost or they might be contributing a very 
miniscule quantity to the Indian imports, so they have been kept out of the purview 
on the ban. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
But does this affect us significantly? 
V. Venkatramani 
It is a very recent development so it is very difficult to assess the impact. So that's 
why I said I will probably be able to give you a better response in the next quarter 

 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
conference call. We will have to watch the situation at least for a couple of months 
before we can determine the impact it will have on the Indian MDF markets. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
If you can give a broad view on the MDF market and what's your outlook, are you 
seeing some improvement on the ground level and your thought on the GST 
coming into place for the Plywood market? 
V. Venkatramani 
As far as the demand conditions are concerned, they continue to be challenging 
both for Plywood and MDF. We have not seen any improvement at all in the 
demand conditions over the past couple of years. I think we will have to see the 
improvement at least for a period of two quarters before we can comment that 
there is an improvement in demand. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
The question on this Plywood market, there is an expectation that if GST gets 
passed there would be a significant benefit to the unorganized player to pay the tax 
and the advertisement expense will also get full credit. So if you can just throw 
some light? 
V. Venkatramani 
GST is expected to be favorable for the branded Plywood manufacturers primarily 
because of change in the taxation structure. At present when a dealer purchases 
Plywood from Greenply he pays Central Excise Duty and a Value Added Tax. The 
Excise Duty is a cost for the dealer he does not get an input credit for that and he 
gets an input credit for the VAT paid to the manufacturer. Now when GST is 
implemented both the Central GST which will replace Excise Duty as well as the 
State GST which will replace Value Added Tax will be Cenvatable for the dealers. 
So straightaway his cost of purchasing from organized branded players will come 
down by about 10% assuming that the 12.5% Excise Duty is retained as 12.5% 
Central GST. Now coming to the second part of your question regarding the 
unorganized players, practically they do not pay Excise Duty by maintaining their 
annual turnover below Rs. 1.5 crore which is exemption sealing for payment of 
Excise Duty. Now when GST is implemented this exemption limit will be 1 million 
per annum, so it will be very difficult for a manufacturer to maintain its Annual 
turnover below 1 million. So most of them would fall into the tax net although we 
estimate that they would still not be paying probably more than 25-30% of their 
actual taxation but still their cost will increase so that will help to further reduce the 
price gap between branded and unbranded. Hence we estimate that possibly the 
price gap could come down to somewhere between 6-8% once GST is 
implemented. So if the price gap is very small that could enable a significant shift 
from unbranded to branded. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
What is the price gap currently? 
V. Venkatramani 
It varies between 15-20%. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
So effectively what we are saying is currently organized players are paying 12.5% 
excise and 12.5% tax, so effectively organized players basically are paying 25% 
tax whereas the unorganized player would be playing roughly 12-12.5% tax 
because they are not paying excise, right? 
V. Venkatramani 
Or maybe even lower. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
So effectively because after that they have to pay the tax, so….. 
V. Venkatramani 
They would still not be paying 100% taxation but even if they pay say 30% of their 
taxes it would still help to reduce the price gap. 

 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
So this is the 10% direct benefit on the state. What I understand is, if you can 
correct me if I am wrong, on the Advertisement spend also currently majority of the 
companies are not getting full credit, so if you can just throw some light on that? 
V. Venkatramani 
We get full credit for our Service Tax paid on our Advertisement bills. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
There we won’t see any….. 
V. Venkatramani 
No, we won’t see any traction there. 
Gaurav Sanghvi 
So mainly it’s an excise benefit. 
V. Venkatramani 
Sure. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Baidak Sarkar from Unify Capital.  
Baidak Sarkar 
I am trying to understand as you mentioned that the operating scenario doesn't 
look good and we also saw there has been some drop in the average realization. 
For the rest of the year is there any further threat to even these levels of 
realizations, any pressure you expect on these? 
V. Venkatramani 
Like I mentioned pressure on realizations did not come because of market forces. It 
came because our excise exemption at the Uttarakhand Plywood Unit has come to 
a close.  
Baidak Sarkar 
So adjusted for these excise benefits would you say your realizations have been 
flat or slightly better? 
V. Venkatramani 
I would say its flat or marginally negative, I would estimate it would probably be 
about 0.5% lower than the sequential quarter. 
Baidak Sarkar 
Coming to the fact that you have mentioned a couple of times that operating 
sentiment is still weak but in terms of actual volume dispatches we haven't done all 
too badly, so if you could give us a sense what is driving this volume push and 
what kind of volume growth you expect for the rest of the year? 
V. Venkatramani 
I think I would stick to my guidance that we would probably look to a 7-8% growth 
in volumes this year, so I don't see any change in the environment which would 
enable me to give a more optimistic response. I still think that we would probably 
finish with a growth rate of somewhere around 7-8% for the full financial year. 
Baidak Sarkar 
This is for both the segments put together, MDF and Plywood? 
V. Venkatramani 
Both the segments put together. 
Baidak Sarkar 
So which actually means that in the coming quarters there could be some 
deceleration? 
V. Venkatramani 
There could be, like I mentioned, that was the guidance I gave at the beginning of 
the year, so at the moment I am not seeing any change which will enable me to 
increase the guidance. 
Baidak Sarkar 
Coming to your gross margin there's been a little bit of expansion. Has this come 
from better sourcing efficiencies, I am just trying to understand that what led to the 
gross margin expansion? 

 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
V. Venkatramani 
It is a mix of factors. I would say our gross margin improvement has primarily come 
on the Plywood segment because in MDF we were having pretty good operating 
margins. So if we compare over the last one year I would say the improvement in 
gross margins has come both in Plywood as well as MDF although there has not 
been any significant improvement in realizations. I would say probably the better 
capacity utilizations in this quarter contributed to the better gross margins. 
Baidak Sarkar 
Do we have enough levers in the system, apart from volume growth, to kind of 
maintain the gross margins at these levels? 
V. Venkatramani 
I think we will be able to maintain the gross margins at this level. At this moment I 
am not seeing any reasons, unless the demand conditions deteriorate further and 
capacity utilizations fall significantly, I think we will be able to maintain the margins. 
Baidak Sarkar 
In terms of demand environment being weak but you managed to improve your 
dispatches, so I am just trying to understand the extra efforts you have been 
working on your channel in terms of deepening it that is helping you do this. 
V. Venkatramani 
I think it’s a mix of different factors, over the last one year our product quality 
especially on the Plywood side has seen significant improvement. That has 
increased the confidence level of the dealers; we are seeing better lifting as 
compared to year-on-year. 
Baidak Sarkar 
This year the monsoon has been pretty decent, high moisture content in each of 
your products has resulted in better realizations? 
V. Venkatramani 
It did not have a significant impact on the Plywood side. We are comparing year-
on-year so we had the same benefit last year also regarding the low moisture 
content in wood, so that same advantage was also available in the year-on-year 
quarter, so that has not really helped in improving the gross margins or the 
operating margins. 
Baidak Sarkar 
On MDF given that our imports don’t get into the mainland because of duty 
protection that we have. I am just trying to understand how exactly are we 
competitive in the export region? 
V. Venkatramani 
It is not because imports are not competitive in the interiors, because you said? 
Baidak Sarkar 
I just want to understand that MDF currently has an import barrier. We have import 
duties on MDF,? 
V. Venkatramani 
Yes,. 
Baidak Sarkar 
So I think the import duty barrier not being there,I am sure there would have been a 
lot of dumping from China and our competitiveness of not just Greenply but the 
entire local manufacturing industry might be at risk in terms of the realizations, is 
that a fair assumption? 
V. Venkatramani 
Till now Anti-Dumping Duty did not have any significant impact on volumes since 
Indonesia and Vietnam were not covered by Anti-Dumping, imports basically 
changed from China, Malaysia, Thailand and Sri Lanka to Indonesia and Vietnam. 
So there was shifting of imports from countries which were impacted by the Anti-
Dumping Duty to countries which were not covered by Anti-Dumping Duty. So till 
now we have not seen any benefits accruing from Anti-Dumping Duty. Now that all 
the six Southeast Asian countries are covered by the Anti-Dumping Duty we might 
see some benefit in future of the Anti-Dumping Duty. 

 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Baidak Sarkar 
This new duty is on all grades of MDF,? 
V. Venkatramani 
It’s on the thick MDF, so above 6 millimeters, it’s not applicable for the thin MDF. 
Baidak Sarkar 
So our capacities would be in which range, 6 and above, or what? 
V. Venkatramani 
I would say probably about 70% of our manufacturing would be in the thick, about 
30% in thin. On the second part of a question regarding our competitiveness in 
exports, so we will be primarily exporting to countries which do not have their own 
MDF manufacturing capacities like Middle East countries and some of the 
neighboring countries like Bangladesh, Pakistan, Bhutan, etc. So there we will be 
competing against other Southeast Asian manufacturing countries. In fact our 
freight cost to the Middle East would probably be lower than say Thailand or 
Indonesia because we are closer to the Middle East than those countries. And in 
terms of quality our MDF which is manufactured on a European Plant is superior to 
the quality of those countries. So probably if we maintain the price parity we will get 
an advantage in terms of orders over those countries. Hence we will be quite 
competitive with the other countries on the export markets. 
Baidak Sarkar 
Given that our competitors are also beefing up their capacities in MDF, when the 
entire supply hits the market do you foresee a glut in a sense that how much India 
can absorb and then the rates to export out of India? Do you see that happening? 
V. Venkatramani 
It’s again a difficult question to answer at the moment so I'll explain our strategy to 
you. We think that MDF will continue to grow at about 10-15% over the next 3-4 
years and we are looking both at replacing imports because once we are located in 
Andhra Pradesh we will be able to effectively compete against imports since our 
freight cost will come down from about 12-13% currently to about 4-5%, that will 
enable us to compete effectively with imports. We will also have an advantage in 
exports because of the product quality. So although it's very difficult to give an 
opinion on how much of an overcapacity there will be in the MDF market after a 
period of three years, time alone will tell but I think our strategy of imports 
replacement, selling in the export markets and expanding our distribution network 
should help us to have reasonable capacity utilizations in the MDF business. 
Baidak Sarkar 
Would you have a ballpark estimate of how much of South Indian MDF capacity is 
catered to by imports today? 
V. Venkatramani 
Significantly because there is only one small manufacturer Rushil Decor who is 
based out of Karnataka, all the other MDF manufacturers are based in Northern 
India except Mangalam which is based in Orissa, so a significant quantum of the 
Southern markets is catered to by imports currently. 
Baidak Sarkar 
In terms of the capacities coming up apart from you which is there in Andhra, 
anybody else which is coming up in South India? 
V. Venkatramani 
I have heard that Rushil would be expanding capacities in their plant. I don’t have 
any official confirmation of that. 
Baidak Sarkar 
I noticed construction hasn't yet started, any significant regulatory delays that we 
are facing? 
V. Venkatramani 
No, we are not facing any delays on the regulatory front. 
Baidak Sarkar 
So by when do we expect the paperwork to be completed and construction 
starting? 

 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
V. Venkatramani 
The work has started. Like I mentioned, the land development work has started 
and probably in the next quarter we will also start the civil construction and the 
equipment should start arriving around December-January. So we would be able to 
have smooth progress on the construction side, I don't anticipate any regulatory 
delays. 
Baidak Sarkar 
So our MDF funding plan continues to be at about 250 crore for debt and about 
350 by internal accruals, is that a right number? 
V. Venkatramani 
Like I mentioned in the last call also we had revised the estimate upwards, like 
mentioned the total project cost is Rs. 700 crore so we will be raising about Rs. 450 
crore from debts, Rs. 50 crore from equity issue and about Rs. 200 crore from 
internal accruals. 
Baidak Sarkar 
How far is our plant from Amravati? 
V. Venkatramani 
I would not know from Amravati, it is about 60 kms from Tirupati. 
Baidak Sarkar 
So is it towards Chennai or is it towards the north of Tirupati? 
V. Venkatramani 
it’s approximately about 150 kms from Chennai. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Aman Batra from Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management.. 
Aman Batra 
On the MDF side, you said you are not making any money on the MDF exports, so 
how long you think this would continue that you would not make money, you need 
scale or the new plant to come up and to start making money? 
V. Venkatramani 
I think we will not make any money till we start exporting from the new plant. Once 
new plant starts production we will completely stop exports from Uttarakhand, so till 
that time, estimate roughly for the next 24 or 26 months, we will not be making any 
money on MDF exports. 
Aman Batra 
On the gross margin side, is there any kind of commodity benefit in terms of the 
phenol’s cost reduction which is playing into the margins as well? 
V. Venkatramani 
Yes definitely especially on the MDF side where chemicals contribute 
approximately 35% of the total raw material cost. We are definitely getting benefits 
on the raw material term because of fall in crude prices and all these chemicals are 
derivatives of crude, so we have got benefit on the raw material side. 
Aman Batra 
Similar thing would be on the Plywood side as well? 
V. Venkatramani 
Not much because the quantum of chemicals in Plywood is much lower. Like I 
mentioned it's about 35% in MDF and about 20% in Plywood, so no significant 
advantage on the Plywood side. 
Aman Batra 
You are saying 35% of the RM cost? 
V. Venkatramani 
Right. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand over the floor back to the management for their closing comments, over to 
you sir. 

 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
V. Venkatramani 
Thank you very much for taking out time to attend this conference call and I look 
forward to hosting you again on the call for Q2 results. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Greenply Industries 
Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
