
 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q1 FY17 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 12, 2016 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Godrej Industries 
Limited Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari of CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good Afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Industries Q1 FY 2017 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi 
Godrej – Chairman, Mr. Nadir Godrej – Managing Director, Mr. Pirojsha 
Godrej – Managing Director & CEO of Godrej Properties, Mr. Balram Singh 
Yadav – Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet, Mr. Clement Pinto – CFO, Mr 
Rajendra Khetawat- CFO Godrej Properties and Mr S.Varadaraj – CFO Godrej 
Agrovet. 
 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management following which we will have the forum open for an interactive 
question and answer session. Before we start I would like to point out that 
some statements made in this call may be forward-looking and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the conference call invite sent out earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make the initial remarks. 

Page 2 of 14 
Adi Godrej 
Thanks Anoop. Good Afternoon everyone. I welcome you to the Godrej 
Industries conference call to discuss the operating and financial performance 
for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. I shall take you through some of the 
key developments and operational highlights of each of our businesses 
followed by a summary of our financial results.  
 
I am pleased to share that in Q1FY 17 Godrej Industries Limited recorded a 
healthy growth of 33% in consolidated Total Income. 
I am also pleased to share that market value of Godrej Industries’ investment 
in GCPL and GPL has increased by Rs.2,658 crore (18%) in Q1FY17. GIL’s share 
price has increased by 38% CAGR since 2001. 
 
After an excellent FY2016, Godrej Properties made a steady beginning in Q1 
FY17. A couple of very important milestones were achieved in Q1FY17. 
Construction of both phases of flagship project ‘The Trees’ commenced and 
Godrej BKC received its occupancy certificate 
We remain confident of monetizing the remaining inventory of Godrej BKC by 
the end of this year given the strong upturn in the commercial real estate 
market. Total Revenue for Q1FY17 stands at Rs.333 crore, a 45% increase 
over the corresponding period of previous year. EBITDA grew by 9% to Rs.71 
crore and net profit increased by 9% to Rs.43 crore. 
We expect to significantly ramp up the sales momentum in the coming 
quarters given our exciting launch pipeline. Our consistent sales growth over 
the last year reflects our outstanding brand, sales and design capabilities to 
deliver a wide range of apartments across the country that keeps pace with 
customer demands. We are well positioned for continued growth with our 
differentiated and scalable business models, high yield development 
portfolio, backed by a strong execution record.  
 
Godrej Agrovet’s Total Revenue in Q1FY17 grew by 50% through a healthy 
mix of organic and acquisitive growth and profits grew by 29% over Q1FY16. 

Page 3 of 14 
Animal Feeds business had a steady performance in a challenging 
environment. Sales for Q1FY17 increased by 10% as compared to the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
Agri-Input business grew by 20% compared to the corresponding quarter of 
the previous year. This was mainly due to rise in domestic demand aided by 
monsoon revival. The business will continue to focus on building synergies 
this year with Astec LifeSciences. 
The Oil Palm business clocked a 63% growth in revenue mainly driven by 
higher CPO/PKO prices. In Q1FY17 the price of Fresh Fruit Bunch (FFB) was 
remunerative for the farmers and it shall help in bringing sizeable area under 
Oil Palm Plantation. 
GAVL’s Joint Venture in Bangladesh- ACI Godrej continues to do well clocking 
a growth of 18% as compared to Q1FY16. Volume growth in Q1FY17 was 
significant with cattle feed growing at 58% and fish feed at 15%. 
Strong Live bird prices enhanced the performance of Godrej Tyson. The 
business sustained the growth momentum by growing at 18% over the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
Creamline Dairy products business grew by 11% in Q1FY17 as compared to 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year and this has been mainly 
driven by value added products. We will continue to focus on improving the 
mix of value added products in overall sales. 
With an agile team, focus on continuously improving our operational 
efficiency and research and development in agri businesses and good 
monsoons I am confident that Godrej Agrovet will continue to do well across 
verticals and add value through the years to come. 
 

Page 4 of 14 
Moving on to the performance of Godrej Consumer Products; In Q1FY17, the 
consolidated sales of business increased by 9%, and EBITDA by 20%, in 
constant currency terms. GCPL delivered this performance despite the 
sluggish business environment across many geographies that it is present in. 
GCPL’s profits without exceptionals for Q1FY17 grew by 18% driven by 
judicious cost control and commodity tailwinds. 
GCPL’s India business growth was subdued during the quarter, however 
international business delivered a competitive sales growth of 18% and 
EBITDA growth of 29%.  I am confident that with our clear strategic focus, 
differentiated product portfolio, superior execution and top notch team, we 
will continue to deliver industry leading results and that our medium and long 
term growth prospects in India and our other emerging markets would 
remain robust. 
Our Chemicals business performance was impacted in Q1FY17 due to 
planned shutdown for maintenance at our Valia (Gujarat) factory. 
Revenue for Q1FY17 stood at Rs.280 crore and PBIT stood at Rs.16 crore. 
 
Let me now briefly run through our financial highlights. During the quarter, 
consolidated Total Income stood at Rs.2,101 crore, a growth of 33% as 
compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. Consolidated 
PBIT for Q1FY17 stood at Rs.180 crore a growth 10% over the corresponding 
period of previous year. We are hopeful that the good monsoons in India 
should lead to a pick up in rural demand later this year. We should also see a 
boost to consumption in India, following the implementation of the Seventh 
Pay Commission and the passing of the Goods & Services Tax.  
 
To conclude, we remain encouraged and confident of achieving our long term 
objectives of inclusive, sustainable and profitable growth. I am confident that 
our disciplined strategy, prudent approach, focus on agile execution and our 

Page 5 of 14 
committed team will enable us to improve performance further and create 
greater shareholder value. 
 
Moderator 
 Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. We have our first question from the line of 
Farzan Madon from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Farzan Madon 
The way I look at it, is the current market cap of GCPL and Godrej Properties 
is around 120% of the market cap of GIL, so it implies that Agrovet and 
Chemicals and the rest of the business is available free to a shareholder. I 
would just like to delve a little bit deeper into Agrovet. My question to Mr. 
Nadir Godrej is in one of your statement you had made Rs 10,000 crore is no 
gag, 10,000 crore is in the bag. So would this imply that are we reaching a 
turnover of 10,000 crore by 2020? 
Nadir Godrej 
There was no time horizon for that number that was an internal 
communication and was probably meant to encourage everybody but that 
being said, Godrej Agrovet is quite capable of a high double-digit growth rate 
for the next few years and acquisitions will always contribute to further 
growth as well. 
Farzan Madon 
Profit margins are currently 5%; I guess that should improve with your R&D, 
etc., going ahead? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes, with R&D and other initiatives but the profit margin will also improve with 
the improvement in salience of high margin businesses. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Anand Krishnan from Infina 
Finance. Please go ahead. 
Anand Krishnan 
The first question was with respect to your Chemicals division. You just 
mentioned in your presentation that you had a planned shutdown for the 
same. So was it not similarly done in the previous year? 
Clement Pinto  
No, it wasn’t done in the previous year. Normally this happens between the 
time period of 15 months to 18 months, so nothing was there in the last 
quarter nor in the last financial year. 

Page 6 of 14 
Anand Krishnan 
With respect to your capacity utilization in the Animal Feed business in India 
and Bangladesh what would be the capacity utilization that you are currently 
running at? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
So in Animal Feed India business we are at about 60% capacity utilization and 
we have commissioned a very big plant in Bangladesh,  and the capacity 
utilization in the last quarter was 80% but it has now come down to 55% . This 
plant will manufacture Floating Fish Feed and we believe we will have very 
fast growth in the next three to five years through this plant. 
Adi Godrej 
You must also realize and this Animal Feed we can't have a very high capacity 
utilization because of seasonality, so we need adequate capacity for the high 
offtake season. 
Nadir Godrej 
In addition to capital cost of capacity is not very high and we sometimes use 
excess capacity because it's cheaper for us to do that than to generate 
electricity at very high prices. 
 Anand Krishnan 
In the quarter your margins in your Animal Feed business has also gone down 
and in the presentation you had actually put down one reason as increase in 
maize cost which is actually one of the raw materials for that. So what is it that 
we need to actually track to keep a tab on what could be your margin impact 
in case the raw material cost goes up or down? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Normally if there is a pass through, whatever raw material cost increase is 
there it is passed on to the customers but last few months have not been very 
good for the animal protein industry and that is why this pass through has 
suffered a little and that has hit our margins but we believe that Q2 to Q4 
things are going to improve because normally Q3 and Q4 are the season for 
us. So I think by the end of the year we will get to our planned margin. 
 Anand Krishnan 
In your opening remarks you had also said that the Cattle Feed business 
volume has grown by 58%, the Fish Feed has actually grown by 15%. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
This is about Bangladesh. 
Anand Krishnan 
Okay. Basically because I was just seeing the numbers in totality wherein it’s 
just grown by around 10%, so I was just trying to figure out the variance 
between the two. Lastly, with respect to your Nature’s Basket what sorts of 
investments have you actually budgeted for that and what would be the store 
economics for the same. 

Page 7 of 14 
Adi Godrej 
We have not budgeted any fixed investment. We are going by the operations 
and demand. We are expanding capacity. We are also expanding same stores 
sales and we expect that with the picking up of the economy, with GST passed 
and with the other good signs on the economy and GDP growth likely to 
accelerate we think Nature’s Basket has a very good future over the next few 
years. 
Anand Krishnan 
What are the current economics of your store for Nature’s Basket? 
Adi Godrej 
The earlier stores which have been operating for a few years are doing well, 
new stores, of course, make losses in the beginning but that's the nature of 
business and we keep investing for growth. 
Anand Krishnan 
I wanted to put up one last question was with respect to your Veg Oil business. 
The margins have actually improved drastically. One would be basically 
because of your increase in FFB prices, so is there anything that would have 
actually helped you gain better margins in this business, any operational 
efficiency or something like that? 
Clement Pinto  
You are right, the good profit came from the Oil Palm business but also sitting 
in that segment is our trading business even that did very well during the 
quarter. 
Anand Krishnan 
The margins in the trading business have gone up is it? 
Clement Pinto 
Yes, that’s right. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Anand from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Anand 
If you could give us some indication on the CAPEX in Agrovet, standalone as 
well as in Creamline and Astec for the coming two years, ballpark numbers for 
CAPEX? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
I would say that there are several growth initiatives which we have 
undertaken in all our companies including the two acquisitions we made and 
in two years including the current financial year we will invest close to 
between Rs 300-350 crore in Godrej Agrovet consolidated business.  
Abhishek Anand 
Sure. Also at the time of Astec acquisition as well as in the presentation we 
have mentioned synergies coming through so do we have any rough targets 

Page 8 of 14 
in what area are we trying to derive synergies and if any number can be put 
on that that will be helpful. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
This year we procured one Herbicides for soya and Fungicides from Astec Life 
Sciences and we have already sold whatever we had purchased. What we do 
is we buy chemicals and formulate it and sell it, so total turnover this year of 
products taken from Astec will be about Rs 50 crore and if you take 1:3 
dilution because Astec gives us concentrated chemicals, so Astec’s sales to us 
will be close to about Rs 15-18 crore and both companies will keep healthy 
margin. 
Nadir Godrej 
We also expect over a period of time to get energy savings in both Creamline 
and Astec and our energy conservation cells are actively helping them out. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
The most important and we have done is that the joint initiative of R&D has 
started because one of the reason why we bought Astec was that we had a 
very poor product pipeline. So we believe that we were launching a product 
every 3-4 years, with Astec’s help and joint R&D initiative we will be launching 
a product every year now. 
Abhishek Anand 
If I am looking at the Chemicals business I see that exports have declined this 
time to 25% of the total revenues, any particular reason for that? 
Clement Pinto  
In this quarter we had our planned shutdown at our Valia factory which 
basically is production of fatty alcohol, mostly our fatty alcohol gets exported 
hence the proportion is lower. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Akella 
On an organic growth basis, adjusting for the two acquisitions that were made 
during the course of last year, what would the growth in profits have been for 
Agrovet overall? Is it possible to share that? 
S.Varadaraj 
If you are to just take out the inorganic growth which are there our profit 
growth would be close to 10%. 
Abhijit Akella 
Second, with regard to the Veg Oil segment again it seems that under IndAS 
there has been a substantial downward restatement of the revenues in that 
segment and I presume that's largely because of the trading business. 

Page 9 of 14 
Clement Pinto  
That’s right. It's because of international trading business under the IndAS we 
need to account this as a derivative so that it gets captured in the topline. 
Abhijit Akella 
So what is the portion that we record as revenue now for trading? 
Clement Pinto 
It will be under the derivative principle but in terms of the net profit it will 
remain the same under both the standards. 
Abhijit Akella 
Because it seems like the EBIT margin on the trading business seems almost 
like 20% odd if I am not mistaken. 
Nadir Godrej 
Earlier we could actually report trade as revenue, now we more or less report 
profits as revenues. 
Abhijit Akella 
So what we are seeing here is this quarter is sustainable going forward? 
Nadir Godrej 
The trading business will be volatile by its very nature but this was probably a 
little bit higher than normal profit in this quarter but nothing very 
extraordinary. 
Abhijit Akella 
If you could please tell us a little bit about the research objectives are in each 
of your three major segments and what you are hoping to drive actually? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
We are also adapting our feed to changes in the breed which is happening 
because there is lot of research and development which is happening at the 
breeding level also. The animals are changing, birds are changing and so are 
their nutritional requirements. So we try and cater to the nutritional 
requirement of these changed species also. 
Abhijit Akella 
One last question on Agrovet, the consolidated tax rate for Agrovet what 
should we expect it to be going forward, it has been in the low 20% in the 
past, will that continue? 
S.Varadaraj 
At a cash tax level we will close to MAT, that’s that we would be. 
Nadir Godrej 
But we have to report deferred tax as well but as you know that is not a cash 
flow. 
Abhijit Akella 
Do we have any exemptions because of which the tax rate is low? 
S.Varadaraj 
It’s a combination of various tax breaks which we get in terms of additional 
depreciation in terms of some of the agricultural extension activities which 

Page 10 of 14 
we undertake and R&D investments. So all these things help us to bring down 
our tax rate. 
Nadir Godrej 
Some of the exemptions may slowly be phased out but also that could happen 
only if the tax rate itself is reduced as indicated in the budget so overall we 
shouldn’t have a big change. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Manish Gandhi an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
My first question is to Mr. Balram Yadav. We have talked about in 
presentation higher prices of FFB in Oil Palm and it will help farmer bringing 
sizable area in this year. So can you just throw some light how much Oil Palm 
we have right now and what additional area do we expect? 
Balram Singh Yadav  We have close to about 63,000 hectare of which about 36,000 or 37,000 
hectare are producing, which is five year plus. And last year was not very good 
because of drought and also because of certain issues with government 
policies but we believe that this year we will be able to bring about 6000-7000 
hectare under Oil Palm. 
Nadir Godrej 
So we will get the benefit of that five years down the road. But we have a lot 
in the pipeline which is maturing each year. 
Manish Gandhi 
How are the margins in Oil Palm compared to last few years because as we 
know about this government policy change what do you think about the next 
2 to 3 years margins going in this sector? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
This year the margins have been good. As I have always been saying that our 
contribution margins is protected by the formula. Our fixed costs are absolute 
so the margins keep on varying and now you know that this has been a very 
good oil year so margins are in the mid-teens. 
Nadir Godrej 
And Palm Oil prices are quite good right now. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Nothing can be predicted about future. Our initiative is to keep on lowering 
our costs and keep on generating other steams of revenue from this business 
because we sit on lot of biomass, etc., which can be converted into electricity 
or some other usable material like briquettes. So that is under our control and 
that we keep on doing. 

Page 11 of 14 
Manish Gandhi 
Last three years India’s rural side we are badly affected by so many multiple 
reasons, how do you see rural demand for the next three years because of 
government policies or predicting good monsoons for 2 to 3 years, do you feel 
change on the ground? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
One thing which I have seen in last say 10 months, whether it is Central 
Government or State Government, they have spent disproportionate amount 
of money in rural India and first time I am seeing substantial amount of money 
is going in development of rural infrastructure focused at irrigation. So my 
sense is that if this continues for several years continuously I think we will be 
reasonably de-risked from the vagaries of monsoon. So that’s point one. 
Second thing is that this year rain has been very good. The area under 
cultivation has increased. We believe if you take the temporal and spatial 
distribution we believe Rabi will be bumper and we believe that food inflation 
will come down and once farmer sells the crop in October-November so the 
consumption cycle in several commodities will start. So I cannot predict about 
what will happen a year down the line. I think government has to continuously 
do what they have done in the last 10-11 months. And as far as this year's Rabi 
and this year’s Kharif are concerned we believe it will be a very good crop. 
Nadir Godrej 
And with good crops and strong Rupee we are likely to see much less inflation 
because a lot of our inflation is measured in terms of commodity prices and 
traded commodity prices in many cases so with lower inflation and lower 
interest rates also the Indian economy could get a big boost leave alone GST 
and increase of government salaries.  
Adi Godrej  
GCPL also is already showing signs of good increased offtake because of the 
good monsoon and we expect this to continue and, of course, GCPL could 
benefit tremendously once the GST is implemented because inherently it will 
lead to strong acceleration in sales growth. 
Manish Gandhi 
Mr. Adi Godrej, we have grown very well in Nature’s Basket not only in this 
quarter but over the years we are growing very strongly and, of course, I know 
that our model is not the discounting model like others are growing. I am 
confused, what do you think what is lacking for us to achieve cash breakeven 
and what needs to be done that we can come to a stage where we can grow 
from internal accruals. 
Adi Godrej 
We are investing a lot of money in growth. As I mentioned earlier, existing 
stores are doing quite well. However, new stores take a few years before they 
breakeven. So if we want to grow at a pace that we are growing we will have 

Page 12 of 14 
to continue to invest which we think is very valuable and we will continue to 
do that. 
Manish Gandhi 
We had one enabling resolution of putting extra money investment in Godrej 
Agrovet and Godrej Properties in this year’s balance sheet. Can you throw 
some light on that? What Godrej Industries is planning to do in that? 
Adi Godrej 
As mentioned by you it’s an enabling resolution so we had earlier such 
resolutions and they have been more or less exhausted so we had to review 
this enabling resolution so that at short notice that we need to invest we can 
do so. There are no particular plans for investment as of now 
Manish Gandhi 
The last question for Pirojsha. Congrats on two new deals of 13 million square 
feet largest ever for our company in any quarter and what I am positively 
surprised is by the 12% DM fees though it is a group company, so I just want 
to know, is it last few years we have shown our capacity in designing, 
marketing, so is that helping us and is there a possible that for our future 
group companies specially Vikhroli, do we have a chance that we can do 
additional JVs at this rate. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Thanks Manish and thanks Balram for one of the new deals this quarter. I think 
there is obviously a difference in location also with this Bangalore property 
and Vikhroli. One will sell at Rs. 20,000 a square foot, another at maybe Rs. 
4,000 a square foot, so obviously while the percentage might be a little bit 
better, the total return for effort put in is not necessarily going to be greater. 
So I think for this property we felt this was the appropriate rate. It's also 
incidentally the approximate rate we are doing with external partners for mid-
income type of properties. Typically we have been getting over 10% for such 
deals so this was a 12% which again is in line with what we are getting from 
unrelated partners and I don't think this should be seen as any implication on 
the Vikhroli deal. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi 
Just on the Chemical plant, the Gujarat Valia plant is up and running now and 
can you please quantify the revenue loss due to the closure of the plant? Also 
can you elaborate the transaction between GAVL and GPL regarding the 
Bangalore land? And what will be the profit or cash flow generation to Godrej 
Agrovet over the next period of 3 to 4 years due to this development of 
Bangalore land? 

Page 13 of 14 
Clement Pinto  
On the Chemicals piece it was a planned shutdown for maintenance. The plant 
has now started from mid of June. We incurred an expense of about Rs 4 crore 
for the shutdown expenses that was the impact on the profit. 
Aniruddha Joshi 
Revenue loss? 
Clement Pinto 
Revenue loss was especially on the fatty alcohol portfolio, the sales was lower 
by about Rs 40 crore. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
On your question on the potential value to Godrej Agrovet from the Bangalore 
deal with Godrej Properties. We wouldn’t like to give any guidance on the 
exact numbers achievable obviously it will depend a lot on ultimate selling 
price, it is a very large format project, saleable area is up to 9 million square 
feet. So I think it will depend on a lot of factors but certainly we see this as a 
very exciting opportunity for the group as a whole and both companies 
involved and my expectation would be several hundred crore of profit for 
both companies, exactly what number we end up with again will obviously 
depend on market conditions, phase of executions and so on. 
Aniruddha Joshi 
Is there any excess land parcel with GAVL apart from Bangalore land and, of 
course, the other subsidiaries like Creamline, etc., Astec? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
We have several land parcels but for use of farms, etc., so this was one land 
parcel which had come into urban limits and which could be developed but I 
don't think we have any other land parcel which can go for development in 
near-term. 
Nadir Godrej 
But we will constantly be acquiring land for other purposes which might 
ultimately become urbanized. 
Aniruddha Joshi 
Two last questions, can you indicate the segment wise EBIT margin of GAVL’s 
three segments? Lastly, we have been hearing various rumors of reverse 
merger of GAVL with Astec Life Sciences, is there any truth or is it just a market 
rumor? 
S.Varadaraj 
The segment results for the various segments of Agrovet like Animal Feeds we 
have said that it is around Rs 46crore. . And similarly for agri input business 
it’s around Rs 56.5 crore. Dairy is around Rs 16.5 crore and total Veg Oils is 
around 38.7 crore. 
Aniruddha Joshi 
Regarding the question on the reverse merger with Astec? 

Page 14 of 14 
Adi Godrej 
We have no plans for a reverse merger with Astec and we don’t want to 
comment on that. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Nikunj Gala from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikunj Gala 
I have a question on our standalone balance sheet. We are seeing our 
standalone debt has increased significantly over the last two years from Rs 
1400 crore to Rs 2600 crore, so I just need your take on this whether do we 
have any plan to reduce it because it's impacting our profitability on a 
standalone basis significantly. 
Clement Pinto  
Over the last 2-3 years we have invested well in the Chemicals business both 
at our Valia factory and at Ambernath and also we have made our investments 
in Godrej Consumer Products and the market value of consumer products 
currently is substantially higher than the cost of investment. 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the floor to 
the management for closing comments, over to you, Sir. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. 
If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
Company, we would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for 
taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Godrej 
Industries Limited that concludes this conference call. Thanks for joining us; 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
