Creation, not construction,
G
To,
The Assistant Manager,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department,'Exchange Plaza',
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400051
To.
The General Manager,
BSE Limited,
Corporate Relationship Department,
1"t floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400001
September 20, 2016
Sub: Transcript of Q{ FYl7 earnings conference call of Kolte-patil Developers Ltd.
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ
BSE Code and Scrip Code: 9624 and 532924
Dear Sir/Madam,
Please find enclosed transcript of Ql FY17 eamings conference call held on september 08,2016
of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited for the first quarter ended June 30, 2016.
This is for your information and record, please.
Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the same.
lopers Limited
Vinod Patil
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Membership No. A13258
Encl: As above
rlG&bn:-
KOTTE.PATIL DEVELOPERS tTD.
CIN ; L452drPN1991 P1C129428
tun. R.td' 0fflc. : 2nd Floor, CitV Polnt, Dhole Patll Road, Pune - 411 001, M$er$htsa, Indla Tel,r +91 20 5622 6500 Fu: +91 20 6622 65t l Web I www,koltepafll.com
B|nFlo..ofllc. r22 / 11, 13t Floor, Part Wes! Vittal Malva Road, Eengalore . 560 001 hdia Tel.t + 91 .80.2224 3135,2224 2803,4937 4444 Fax:+ 91 - g0. 2212 0654
Thanking you,
For KollqPatil

Kolte Patil Developers Limited
Conference Call Transcript
September 08, 2016
Moderatol
Varun Diwadkar
Gopal Sarda
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the el Fy.l7 Earning Conference
Call of Kolte Patil Developers Limited. As a reminder all participant li;es will be in
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call
please signal an operator by pressing ,,' then ,0, on your touchtone telephone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the
conference over to Mr. Varun Divadkar, thank you and over to you, Sir.
Thanks Karuna. Good evening everyone and thank you forjoining us on the el FylZ
Results Conference Call of Kolte Patil Developers Limited. We have with us todav
Mr. Gopal Sarda and Mr. Atul Bohra representing the Management team on the cali.
B-efore we begin, I would like to state that some of the stalements in today's
discussion may be foMard looking in nature and may involve certain risks ahd
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available on the el Fy17 results
presentation that has been sent to you earlier. t now invite Mr. Gopal Sarda to begin
the proceedings of the call.
Good.afremoon everyone. A very warm welcome to everyone presenl and thank you
for joining us today to discuss the operating and financial performance of our
company for the first quarler ended 30s June, 2016.
We have started the year on a positive note as our recent initiatives are enabling
improved financial and operational performance. We have recorded a strong uptick
in our presales higher by 33% YoY and 17o/o QoQ to 0.66 million square feet.
translating into a booking value of Rs. 370 crore. This was led by a slrong response
to the recent project launches at Wakad and Rl Sector in Life Republic, in addition
to strong sales momentum in our established mid-income proiec{, Corolla.
Collections continued to be healthy at Rs. 229 crore this quarter. Realizations were
lower in Q1 FY17 on higher contribution in the Corolla proiect and e4 Fy16 included
substantial sale of retail shoos in Mumbai and Pune.
f"m
QW'
Pagel of ll

iloderator
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
x?Kr''l" jl:j:::H r,f,g."r, Kotte-parir adopted Ind-As tramework startins
\r I r r | /. uomparabte Drior oeriod numbers have restated in compliance with lndl
1s_]gl1 T9"lins.ryt comparison. nevenues srooo at iJ'iid.biilii! i" e1 Fyl z as
compared to Rs. 189.1 crore in e1 Fy16. EB|TDAstooO at ns. SS.icrore in el Fy17
as compared to Rs. 47.1 crore in e1 Fy16, up 26yo yoi. Overall cost
IT|_"lj!y:ig* at :ugry-?lol.9"r has resutred in eedoAlip"n"ion of Eoo basis
pornts year-on-year to 32.9%. Net profit.for the quarter expanded _32of year-on-yJai
to Rs. 18.2 crore. We continue to execute well across all our piojects-ano ofered 402
units equivalent to 0.6 mlltion square feet for possession Oulind OiFy17. pAT post
minority interest stood at Rs. jtj.2 crore in Oi rVtz as comp"iJ t" n". 13.9 crore
in Ql FYl6. EpS forel Fy17 srood at Rs.2.+r as compareJio iJ. i.es in Ot ryto.
Our balance sheet continues to be.robust. We have seen a slight drop in our net debt
this quart€r. As communicated earlier we expect to bring dowi the dlot turther in the
course of the year with strong cash flows anO tocus on ioffeaions. --
The Bangarore portforio continues to be stabre and we expect to see some
momentum in H2 with the planned launch of two projects at Koramangata and Hosur
Road respeclively during the course of tne cunent finaniili v""i. -
lo-_11_.lud?, this.has-been a posjtive start to the year. We expect the pre_sates
momentum to sustain for the rest of the year and are expecting to record a 20% y-o_
LIT::l=..,^,":::ue trajectory is exfected to imp;ove i;;iit ". a srearer
!:?,9I':,1-"1 t_90..f owned projects come up for revenue recognition in;tuding
conlrrDuuon |rom Mumbai portfolio. Increased contribution fom asiet_light Mumbal
prqects will enable ROCE expansion and increase average price ieatizations. Our
main focus in FYlZ will be on execution. The company is iarjetin!'Jetveries to the
tune of 2,500 units In this tinanciar year. overafl cost 6mcieniies riiti ue maintained
at all project sites which wi facititate margin expansion.
With that I come to an end of my opening comments and would like to now ask the
Mooeraror to open the line for questions for further discussion. Thank you.
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies €nd Genflemen we will now begin the question
and answer session. We have the first question from the line of Bh;vesh J;in from
Envision Capital. Please go ahead.
Are we on track for our debt repayment target of Rs. 1SO crore for this year?
To r+iterate the number we had stated in the last earnings call was Rs. 100 crore
and we are on track to achieve that. In fucl in e2 Fy17, till l Orh July 2016, we have
already repaid Rs. 28 crore to lDgl Bank fiom our Corotta erolect. ' -
This 20% guidance is in volume terms per-sales for this year?
Yes.
\Mat was the reason for our collection to be lower this ouarten
Collections are lower for this quarter because last quarter there was substantial
contribution lronr tt!{nbal portfolio, so if you see in l;st quarter we have sotd two
Page 2 of 11

Bhavosh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavosh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavssh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
hayg SoJ a substantial collection over there. Atso Jai Vijay had contributed
11?lFltil!,il l:rr quarter.which was nor rhe case in rhis quarter, so rhat was the
major reason in terms of collections droo.
But year-on-year also it has come.down. In e1 Fy16 we have a collection of Rs. 266
crore versus this quarter lt is Rs. 229 crcte?
So Q4 FY16 and even el FyiT there were some schemes in terms of pre_sales and
there were also some defened payments which have 
"fre"Jy 
Oe"n gtven to the
customer' That is arso one of the fictors *t'"r"in vo, *iii iJJ'trie-trreaion in ttre
next coming quarters.
Whatever volume we have done that is pre_sales, has there been a delay in the
payment by the customer? The booking his been done k!"pinJi,"i in ,inOZ
Whatever number we have shown as far as the pre-sales goes have been showed
:jlJ!:liy: 
h"vesor '10% amounr ano abovd. rhat is wirar welJrow as a poricy
rcr tne reported presale number.
T-9"lli?tjon is hrgety because of the product mix, the reatization which has come
down this ouarter?
Yes, so product mix as wefl as the two retair shops which we have sord trom Mumbai
and 3-4 shops based out of pune, so this quarter we don,t nave ttrat?tarr snoo sate.
That is quarter-on-quader but year-on-year arso it has come down, the rearization?
Kolte Patil .has a vast portfolio of-Affordable, MlG, 24K, Super Luxury, so it all
9:ryldl *.hi"l' quarteJ which portfotio is contributing. tn thts'quarter ioro a has
conrtouteo substantia y and that,s the reason the ApR has come down.
Regarding this new accounting standard our debt
recognition has changed for Fy16 also.
has changed; gross debt
As far as the new Ind-AS Accounting Standard, we have to go vta control
m€chanism. So earlier at KplT, the township company *",""r"'f,"i" 4F% as our
snarenontng and r/ve were consolidating only 4,o/o. Since we have a control this
quarter onwards we have to conslder .t00% oi the number trom XFtt, and the debt
has gone up because ofthat.
Y: d9n l:onsigel l\l.C_Ds white reporting in the presentarion, any specific reason for
snowtng the net debt figure?
lfyou see gross debt, the cash and cash equivarent and cunent investments we have
showed' the difference in number is nothing but the ocDs, ccDs which are issued
at the various SpV.level. So going forward lihink we can atso-strow itrar numoer atso
Decause any which way if you iust do the reconciliation like Rs. 264 minus Rs. 40
crore and minus Rs. 68 crore, the balancing number is nothing but your OCD and
ccD.
Page3of11

Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Salda
Moderator
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshlt Kandpat
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshlt Kandpal
But that is also part ofthat because I guess this compulsorily convertible debenture
porlion is very less.
No, it's not a debt, basically it's ourstruciured mechanism. Suppose we have derived
that in an spv we have d*,*g 
19 f!"9 ^:. 
ioo ;;;;iliiintrioution by the
partner. We have sbuctured the instrum-errt in such a,"i'ttJnr. _33 we are
showing as an equitv and barance Rs. -oz trrougf, biJii,j'Ebo which is a tax
efficient structure at the organisation level.
But on OCD also we are showing 15% interest.
Corect. So we have to mention some coupon, ultimately ifs a debenture. So we
l]?I"_^gly:l that l5%_coupon which is nothins out our iapLi dacr on the initial
nvestment and tax efficlent struclure.
What will be this number for unrecognized revenue?
We are at around Rs. 2,100-2,1S0 crore.
The next question is fiom the rine of parikshit Kandpar fiom HDFc securities. prease
go ahead.
In Corolla the realization has come down to almost Rs. 4,14g per square foot, so are
we running some discounts because I underctand earfier pnises irere getting sold
atRs. 4,800 per square foot upwards or Rs. 5,000 persllaie toot, so mere nas been
a drop of almost Rs. 600-700 per square foot.
T-ypicalry, w-e.were seling at Rs. 4,450-4,500 per square foot, 2-3 quaners back at
the time of launch and to some extent, yei, ttre prices- ir*" br" down for
specifically Corolla project by around..Rs. 
-2SO_300 'per .qu"i" toot, taking into
consideration the overall competition in that particular rigion, io iiouno ns. ZSO,SOO
price benefit which we have already pass6d on to tnjcustomeitnrough muttipte
offers.
Like other. projects, Life Repubtic..you w1e gell]1S ctose to Rs. O,7OO_5,800 per
square foot, in case of Wakad also.itwas -Rs. 6,S00iersquare foot, so as a porttolio
we are giving some 5-6% discount to improve our pie-sales?
No I don't agree to this statement. lf you see Wakad, an ApR of Rs. 6,500 pef square
lo-o,-t,iTludgq co.mrnerciat shop sate, we have arounO t tat<tr squaie teet reta and
balance residential. At Wakad there is completely stable priclng. in fact we nave sold
I,!pTy. ?t Rs. 5,300-s,400 per square rbot a'nd from' ta;r Z_s ;;arters we are
maintaining an APR of Rs. 6,000 per square foot, so wtrenever tnerl ls a snop sates
f91g9yl1 b€ the ApRx,i[ go upto Ri. 6,300$,ooo per squareioot, if rhere is no
shop sates then the ApR wi be in the range of Rs. O,itOO pdr squar- toot.
Vvhat was the reason ofthe EBITOA margin expansion this quarter? Because if I see
y9yl..pr9dr.g revenue recognition across the projecls sb CorotL is the main
Tllr?l1or rher9 ylllg!_supposedty is.a Mtc kind of a product, so what exptains this
sharp increase in EBITOA margins this quarter?
Page4of11

Gopal Sarda
Parik3hlt Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parik3hit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
For this particular quarter if you..see.the overall efficiency has gone up. tf you
compare sates€nd marketing cost lhat has come down drastically because we nave
rocused on a BTL activities more rather than ATL activites anoliie werat efficiency
an terms of tea. d management and the conversion h;;;;;;p: Atso we have
undertaken multiple initiatives in our sales and marketing djpartment and the review
m€chanism which has resulted in a substantial saving oiarolnO- hs. Z crore in terms
?l s:lljlS_ il. qtarkering expenses and which is c6ntriOuting suisranria y to rhe
overall EBITDA improvement.
This Rs. 7 crore wi be I think atmost 3% of your overall sales, so what could be the
sustainable EBITDA maroin ooinq forward, e;dier used to b"lr*nJ ZS_fO"f ,*g",
27-2lo/o,sowhatkinooriusiainaireeBrbA;;;si;;;;iJui-u]ir"-ono*r
-a:I9_loy-"rd we can expect around 30-32% based on quaner_on_quarter
penormance.
B-ecause I am coming from the fact that you have already reduced yourApR in some
of your projects and other side we ars arso tarking ab'out rncreale rn the EBTTDA
margins?
:l.:*y,:11,1"^lil.p.:Illlg i:lh.!i" "lr 
100% owned projects tike Gisa Residency
1"_1191":,1.r"."n.a very_higherside. There are coupte of projects wherein the tand
cosrs are htstorical and few proiects which have been owned by us are atso old
projects, which are conkibuting t; some extent to the margin 
"ipa;sion.
Il,,:J:alg:'lg-?lrhecunenrquarrerrateof Rs. lS0croreandthevisibitiryasyou
saro Rs. z,t-00 crole ofunrecognized revenue, so what kind ofnumbers can we guide
the market for this year in terms oftopline?
As far as the top line is concemed particularly Fy17 we can expecl aroun d 16-20%
Jump on a year-on-year basis as well as the same for the botto; line.
This is on a like to like basis wherein you will also consider the Life Republic 100%
consolidation?
Yes.
That will also be applicable for the last year, right?
]9s l.am talking about the r+instated numbers. Even if you r+instiare as per Ind_
AS existing numbers versus forthcoming quarlers stilt you will see 1A-ZO* Srowtn.
Which will be the large proiects which will be contributing revenues this year?
Ithink lhis year onwards all the proiects will contribute, like Wakad, Stargaze,
gopllg, lrcc1 Life Repubtic. prima tLcie, three projects wi teaO,iorona, W'atad
and Life Republic.
lT:.$ l'lltg market tooking nox/? We have seen some good pr+sates groMh
ounng thrs quarler so overall Mumbai continues to do well, Bangilore has litfle bit
Page5of11

Gopal Sarda
Parlkshit Kandpat
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpat
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
-q:1:f 
bac.k. jqwas doing rea y we there has been some stovydoM |asr coupte of
quaners and this quarter you have again shown some good ;rowti,, so now do we
expect upcoming festive season. so how it wi irp"a V6riiji"i" *" going to do
that Kolte-patit Day which we use- to do earliLr c,jupfe-oilavs of sales and
showcasing our projects, so what will oe tne secono h;ilTil" f,;r;:i
P.une js predominanfly a stable market. Earlier it was led onty by lT, now we have
Manufacturing, Auto, pharma, Banking, Finance, " :;;'#;l 
ptaced and I
think demand wit remain hearthv with-ihe nJ iouirni'i"ni"ln-iti"iiu"" coming in,
15y :pgg!.t ..so t think soini rorward rhe d;L;;;liil-" i"irir' or' 
"uor". ano
as you have. righfly mentioned that we have tot of festival oiiers anO testivat
TmpaigT w!ri9[ rye are ptanning to do so in HZ. fhe guidance w]ricn have been
given earlier 2.4-2.5 miltion on a year_on_year basrc we jre very much confident we
will be able to achieve that.
Are we cunenfly running any subvention scheme?
Not exactly but just one tower in our Tuscan project.
What is that scheme?
That is like 25o/o nN and 75% on possession. Because we were having around
50,000 square feet unsold inventory and possession 
"r" "rp""t-A 
Oy f-elruary_
March'l7, so it's a matter ofjust six months.
Any other new launches you are not promoting through subvention right not,v?
No subvention.
*Tl:^lrj:!:?9:_q il Lg" can.sive us ail your Mumbai projecrs, what sraees of
rauncnes me new projecls or existing ones?
AsJar asour Mumbai portfolio goes, Link palace we have already gO% sold out only
one apartment lefi over thete. The executjon is pretty much on irack, we are at the
ninth slab casting. Similarly for Jai-Vijay, we have soid arounJ gS<d% ot our strare
::y3j31 3ll .,l99.rhat project has. two basements so by December or January we
wflr come up to ptinth. Going forward, on a quarler_on-quarter basis, we can planone
new launch, but still we are awaiting clarity fiom the government between the old
DCR and new DCR. So the momenfwe hjve 2034 OdR cbaty, then on a quaner-
on-quarter basis we will keep on launching one-one project bised out of Mumbai
Dortfolio.
Jumbo Oarshan, whats the update on that?
j:lT-P"fllal|l y: have. jusr.signed our documents and are waiting for rhe
app-rovars. we have got civil aviation, buffer zone & coupre of Nocs, we aie waiting
for MoEF and other municipal concessional approvals.
Last question, on this new housing policy which was announced by the CM on 2na
Depremoer, any update how it will impact us, your views on that foriilumbai?
o
Page6of11

Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
iloderator
Shubhankar Oza
Gopal Sarda
Shubhankar Oza
Gopal Sarda
Shubhankar Oza
Gopal Sarda
Shubhankar Oza
Gopal Sarda
Shubhankar Oza
Gopal Sarda
You are talking about Cluster or which policy?
f:9_ly:t9! on 2d_september, tast Friday Mf. Fadnavis has announced the new
housing policy for Cluster?
As far as,the Cluster redevelopment policy goes probably in our existing portfolio that
gtl"J^y'["] F,givjns us any benefirs bu1 navtns 
""i6 t "iLnJ", 
zo34 DcR, rhe
rrr nas gone up fiom 2.5 to 2.7 .and if that gets implemented then probably we $ll
get further benefits from the existing red*ei"p;;i;;ii;i;;. -'-"
lve havg the next question from the tine of Shubhankar Oza fom SKS Capital &
Research. Please go ahead.
|n terms of the totar debt repayment you said Rs. 1oo crore, out ofwhich Rs. 2g crore
rs done. ls that the number? Rs. 2g crore you repaiO tnis quarteiZ
1191-F.f]1* per lnd-As goes if you have seen the debt repaymenr, rhe net debf
has come down from Rs. 467 crore to Rs. 459 wnicn is noif,inii Our around Rs. I
crore, but substantial debt reoavment has happened in OZ. do tii iS, ,,ruty *" t au"
repaid Rs. 28 crore singte tianine to toer ;hi;tr-wai oui"i"niing on the corola
company.
So as on date you have repaid Rs. 2g crore?
Rs. 36 crore.
Basically if I have understood the numbers conecfly you said 1B-20% top tine growth
so we will be saving some interest cost plus therewill be some saving at the sales
and marketing you said, we have done fiiat in el anO ffrat trenO is filety to continue.
Yes.
So isnl our bottom line going to be much stronger for Fy17 compared to top line
growth?
Yes, FY17 you can expect better pAT number. Historically we were at 6.0%-9%, in
this_financial yearwe can expect around 10.0_1 i % sort oi Fef mart-in on a comptete
year basis.
Pune as you said there is a mix.of demand fom lT, pharma and Banking but
,?:']91"-r: l.::lgr," driven by tr is rhar unoerstandini correctinrioliven tne oufuor
ror rr oo you rntnK your new Bangalore launch which will happen this year will be
able to see a good demand in Bangalore market?
As far as Bangalore is concerned as you righfly said majorly the demand is coming
!".r.thg lI sec{or. Last 2-3 quarters ea-ngjtore nu,"O"i.'ru"i" p.t stabte not
substantially contributed but since we have two projec{ launches'which we are
expecting in H2, Exente and Koramangara, so protiabiy we wifl see further traction
because the product mix is the need of-the houi and it,i " 
propein ar"a tike Hosur
1".:!:^-S" I think in coming quarters we wi see trow eangSio[-mariet responds to
our project.
Page 7 of '11

Shubhankar Oza
Gopal Sarda
Shubhankar Oza
Gopal Sarda
Moderator
Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
In terms of the overall realizalion, e1 there has been a de-groMh, what is your
expectation for the Fy17 as a yean
APR we can expect around Rs. 5,700 per square foot for pune region and if Mumbai
sates we have to consider rhen prooa'ury,e *irr iorliiH".'dp'o"tiii,ro0 per square
So the overall mix is going to be litfle lower compared to Fy16?
3:H'1""r,"n 
Mumbai I rhink we wi be abte to touch Rs. 6,000_6,100 per square foor
we have.the next question from the rine of Rajiv Kumar, Individuar Investor. prease
90 ahead.
R1 sector is a part of phase-ll or phase-l?
Rl sector is a part of phase-ll, Life Republlc.
So if I am not wrong it is about .l million square feet, right?
1.45 million square feet.
The sales have already started there?
Yes.
\/vhy it was not mentioned in our project details in the presentation?
You are refening which slide?
ln presentation in Life Repubric we have onry R1 sector, phase I R3 sector and 1{
Phase 1-
Yes in the presentafion we will corect those numbers. We will bifurcate R1 and the
existing.portf-olio. so in total if you see we have sold arot,no i.e ralir-square reet, it r
am not wrond_
tr,tn"r" 
"nV Jf"c on our redevelopment project report this dumping ground effect in
Mumbai?
As 
-such no..We have aheady received.the CC and it is applicable for proiects
wnerein you haven't obtained the lOD, so before that circutar cbmes we were navlng
CC for our first two proiects.
In the the presentation slide number is 14, Life Republic phase 1 and Lire Republic
Phase 1 R3 Avenue. So this combineO is naving +'mit-tion.qr"r" tl"iZ
Yes.
Page 8 of 'l 1

Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
Rajiv Kumar
Gopal Sarda
Moderator
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
Bhavesh Jain
Gopal Sarda
iloderator
Parikshit Kandpat
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
There is no mentjon of Rl Sector in that. So is it including this or will it be separate?
It is included. Now what thev have included 1 million square feet based out of Rl
atso so phase 1 were 3.2 miirion.square feet and R r i" 
"'p-Jrt oi-p]i"." z which were
i.45 mittion square feet but out or*nicn *" ir"u" "onjiJrlo'Ii.iv i ,o,rr"r" .o tt 
"t,"
how they have menrioned 4 mi'ion sq-uare dao,ri Jii"'g ri,^i,:"li t wi' ask rhe tR
team to bifurcate phase 1 and phase 2 separately *-n"r"i" youl"n ctearly see the
traction coming from Rl sector.
How is the supply side market in,pune? How much is the supply, how many project
launches in the overall pune market?
Supply is predominan y on a vervtlgher side.buttaking into consideration ourlegacy
and 
_two-_and-a-hatf decade of niesgnge I think we *irf n" ili" to-,"intain 8_11%
fr:Tfffjj: 
on a year_on_year basis from the overJti Jids'-ro, tt,e particutar
|nej:oCuestlon 
is from the tine of Bhavesh Jain from Envision Capitat. ptease go
ls there any plan to replace high cost debt, is there any further opportunity available?
No, as.such,ifyou see the overall debt bonowing costs would be ar an average of
around 12.25-12.50%, so I think we are at a prett! decent fevJ.-- -
Going ahead beyond Fy17 is there any plan to buy any land as of now?
It alldepends on deal to deal, sogoing fon 
-ard 
probably we will be focusing on an
asset-right moder and we wi, foctis oi noce ,i"ru"i.'n'""indr'.1i0 that since we
have a. sfrong presence and a brand. name in pune market so we have started
evatuating more deats under DMA,_JDAs ano it ttrere is a iiiiliii"iprott *e .ee in
a particurar dear at that time we wi, evaruate and u"""J onin" 
"iinrerciars 
I thrnk
we will look at those numbers at that time. ft wiff Oe too e"rf yio-"1-rr"nt toO"y. Art
deal cn deal basis we will evaluate.
|fl:;uestion 
is ftom the tine of parikshit Kandpalfrom HDFC Securities. please go
l-y?: l?ofilS.l your sefling expenses it has come down sharpty, so whafs the
reason behind that y-o.y from Rs. 13.6 crore it tras comJ iownlJi's. z.e crorez
lf you. see Y-o-Y basis thete were launches and e1 Fyl6 we had Three Jewets and
corolla Phase 2 launches. Whenever we go for' a r"un"t tii. "ii"nses 
rs on a very
higher-s'de, so typically for a particular propct we require arouni'i.r-i< c.ore at ttre
time of taunch. In this oarriiutar quarteri Aprit, M;t, J;; G;'";re no Eunch
expenses, these are all iustiinable rnventory expenses.
R1 sector launch?
Rl happened in March 2016.
Pu,,, .
Page9of11

Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parlkshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
P.rlkshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
Parikshit Kandpal
Gopal Sarda
What was the number? Was that number high dudng that quarter?
I donliav-e_that number right now in font of me. you are asking about e4 Fy16 if I
am not wrong.
Rs. I crore quarterty basis " "u:11,11f1" or is.it like again spark up as you taunch
new projects? | mean new launches are you going to spend so much of monev now?
So if you see e4 Fy16 we were at Rs. .l1 crore.
Yi:tnill,r:?." 
new taunches in the second hatf where you w[ be incuning rhis
lllTf_y"r:.*" bis projecr nul.!:: *" are. expecrins bur rhar is comptetety
oependent on the approval cvcle..So one more pnase OaslO-Jut ot Corolla as well
as Life Repubtic, 1 milion souare feet 
^sectors 
unber apjrou"i .J 
""o 
on 
"pprou"r
clarity I think we will be in a position to give you a furifier cfarity inirz. So once the
approvat are in prace we wil be abte to;o#;;t;;;;L;;r""1' '
The employee expenses also down y_o_y, Rs. i4 crore to Rs. 10_11 crore, so shall
we take this as a quarterly run rate?
I?y-h.:rptoy99 expenses wil be stabte.so whatever quarter-on_quaner number
you see from last two quarters I think this *iff O" tt "-rorln'iurn 
g"oing tonvarO.
S-o 
_this year iust g9!9 by the e1 run rate_ so you end up around say Rs. 88G900
crore ofcolections (Rs. 220 crore x 4).ano ir r se,liyoui pdlyiJi"i""in.urr"o 
"rouno
.Rs: 
glcrolg^of gnstrucrion cost, so the outgo on construction wil be how much this
year, Rs. 400-450 crore?
[:T^9::llg,lore aggressive rarget-so probabty we wanr to do around Rs. SO0-
ccu crore tor this particular vear so H2 you witt iee lr1or"'tr"*ion towards the
construction expenses.
So we will have Rs. 350 crore of surplus and interest servicing will be around Rs.
100 crore so which leaves us with n.. ZSO .ior" oi.-urp'fu"
Al.'!01';:lj:"" 
cash flow you can expect for this particutar financiat year around
.Excluding tax, so tax provision in e1 is 16 crore, so Rs. S0€0 crore oftax for the full
year.
Yes, so post tax free cash flows will be around Rs. 125_200 crore that ts what we are
expectjng.
Androut of which you expecl to reduce Rs.
Yes.
Page 10 of 11

itodorator
Arjun Ashar
Gopal Sarda
Arjun Ashar
Gopal Sarda
Arjun Ashar
Gopal Sarda
Moderator
Gopal Sarda
iloderator
Next question is fom the tine of Arjun Ashar, Individual Investor. please go ahead.
lyl:'::rji:i]:yF" 
you take a price cut in certain projectwhar aboutthe profirabitity,
|s rnere a scope for certain effciency like in terms ofthe accessories you will provicie
to the consumer in terms of fit outs and all of that, or you lust experi a hster sales
momentum to take care of that? What is the impact dt prbfitaUitity of any price cui
you take?
Actually we_have to balance both; we have to take care ofthe sales vetocity as well
as the EBITDA.margin, we make sure that at any given point of time the EBITDA
TargiL :loltg be in the range ot 27-ggo/o on a ir6lect ;n proje; basis and at a
consolidated tevel it has to be in the range of 3O_ily" sorf ot'eeiiDn margin. So 3_
47o.here and there on a project on project basis we will consider if sometimes we are
getting faster cash flows rather than'holding ttre inventory anj Uringing Oown tne
overall ROCE and lRR.
But is there any kind ot a thumb rule where across the board say if there is a kind of
a conection in the markets overall, in the real estate sales markei, what is the impact
on the profitability, is there any kind of a thumb rule on the net fibfrt margins?
There is no thumb rule as such. lt all dep€nds on projecl to project. Some projects if
we have the sustainable inventorv on a higher sid6, sir proUJOty we aon,t minagiving
2-3% cut in the EBTTDA and inireasinglhe sare3 udrocrty. 6ui-aii rn arr we have
certain financial parameters like I have;heady mentioneO'ZZ-g3"/i is what we are
targeting and based on that only we take the business decisioni.
th"1 li. been the impact on recent developments in the lT sector. you hear a lot
aoour loo cuts and a that, so in the pune market what is the impac{ ofthat?
As such Pune market we havent seen any kind of drastic demand has come down
ftom lT seclor. So I thlnk overall we are milntaining the staOie response.
That was the last question. I would now like to hand over the floor to the management
for their closing comments, over to you Sir.
If:l^f:,^"1^Tjq1lj91 vo..qrr interesr and support. we wilt conrinue ro stay
engageo. prease be in touch with our Investor Relations Team for any further detaill
or discussions. Looking foMard to interacting with you next quartei.'inank you.
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and genflemen, on behalfof Kolte patil Developers
Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for loinlnj us and you may
now disconnect your lines.
./--
Page11of11
