
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Igarashi Motors Q2 FY17 Results Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P. MUKUND – MANAGING DIRECTOR, IGARASHI 
MOTORS. 
MR. DINAKARA BABU – COMPANY SECRETARY, 
IGARASHI MOTORS. 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRIYA RANJAN – VICE PRESIDENT, AUTO & AUTO 
ANC INSTITUTIONAL 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Igarashi Q2 FY17 Result Conference Call 
hosted by Systematics Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Priya Ranjan from Systematix 
Institutional Equities. Thank you, and over to you sir.  
Priya Ranjan: 
Good afternoon everyone. This is our pleasure to host Mr. P. Mukund and Mr. Dinakara Babu 
MD and Company Secretary for 2Q earnings conference call for Igarashi Motors. I would first 
like to congratulate Mr. Mukund for the very good 2Q results and now I will hand it over to Mr. 
Mukund for his initial comments and remarks and we will take it forward to the question and 
answers. Thank you. 
P. Mukund: 
Thank you Priya Ranjan, Thank you Rio. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. This is Mukund 
from Igarashi Motors. Our gratitude for your interest in our company and for participating in 
this conference call. Please allow me to speak a few words about the progress we have made in 
the last 6 months, mainly HY1 of this year from the point of view of the market and the 
technology which are so very crucial element as far as our continuity and success is concerned. 
And the first point, I am very happy to mention that as most of you know that this space that we 
play, is in the automotive turbos actuator motor segment, where we principally address 
applications of the engine throttle control, the exhaust gas and the turbo charger activator 
applications. In our review over the last one year and the last 6 months more specifically, we see 
that the market continues to be available because these features remain focus areas as far as the 
automotive industry is concerned. So that’s  good news from the medium-term to long-term 
standpoint, that unless and until there is a very severe disruption that takes place by way of 
electric vehicles, the need for an internal combustion engine as a standalone internal combustion 
in the engine or as hybrid will continue to be available. That is point number 1.  
Point number 2, quickly looking at our footprint as far as this space is concerned, as some of 
few who had participated in the earlier calls as well as have had the opportunity to meet 
personally, you know that, we built this traction over the last 10 – 11 years and tried to create a 
niche space by building some platforms where it can be a quasi-generic offering to several 
customers who were from the system in this space. I am pleased to inform that in the first half 
of this year, we have been able to crystalize 3 platforms, and over the last 3 – 4 months, we 
together with our sales and application engineering team globally, have had the opportunity to 
make this about 10 customers, many of them existing, some of them new, to introduce these 3 
new platforms. I am also happy to inform that we have created this capacity by our own 
investment. So we have created the capacities as Tier-5, Tier-4, Tier-3, and Tier-2, for these 
future platforms which we believe will give us a leading edge as far as our play in this space is 
concerned over the next 1- 2 – 3 - 4 years, and to repeat once again there is very positive interest 
from the customers. So looking at this, we have also taken another major step in the last 2 
months, wherein we have partnered with a Technology specialist from the Detroit area who has 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
an excellent relationship with all the OEM and Tier-1s, and he has been playing in this space 
with his company and his earlier employers for the past 35 years. So now he has come onboard 
with us and the advantage that we are going to get out of this is, while we were principally 
working as Tier-2 and focusing more on Tier-1, the advantage by partnering with this firm, is 
that we will also be able to migrate our engineer’s knowledge to understand the engines from 
OEMs standpoint. So this we consider as a very significant development over the medium to 
long term, to become a leader as far as being able to offer the most appropriate technology motor 
for the future car engines which the OEMs are developing. So this is as far as the market and 
where we are working and progressing as far as the product is concerned.  
In the second part I would like to mention which is a little more short term, that is the first half 
of this year, the first half of this year has been a fairly steady half, because we have been able to 
post a growth in numbers, in volumes, from all the customers, because as most of you know, we 
have principal customers who are Bosch, Continental, Visteon, Delphi, Pierburg, Magneti 
Marelli, Dellorto and several other customers are in the pipeline. So the good news has been 
compared to the last year, there has been a reasonable improvement as far as the real volumes 
are concerned. We did about 9.8 million motors business in the first half of last year. And this 
improved that to about 11.4 - 11.5 million in the equivalent period this year. That means you 
added about 1.6 - 1.7 million motors in the same period and interestingly every customer has 
grown. It is not that it is only Bosch has posted a growth or Conti has posted a growth, or Delphi 
has posted a growth. So everybody has grown between 5% and 25%. Likewise, even in the 
second quarter has been a fairly steady quarter. There again we have improved the volumes from 
4.8 million in the second quarter of last year to about 5.6 million in the second quarter of this 
year. So this is something which is a good trend for us because we have started adding capacity 
at the rate of 20% every years since last year, but as many of you know that in our industry, the 
year in which you add the capacity, the capacity starts getting realized in that year plus the second 
year or the third year onwards. So this is a good trend as far as the first half of this year is 
concerned.  
And quickly moving in to the numbers, even as far as the numbers are concerned, our sales have 
improved. We did about 255 crores of revenue in the first half of this year as compared to about 
215 crores last year and even in the second quarter it has been fairly steady because we posted a 
revenue of 130 crores compared to 105 crores of last year. And Likewise, EBITDA and the 
margins also has improved in the first half of this year, as well as second quarter of this year 
when compared to last year. So it gives us a fairly motivating and positive signals that what our 
team has been doing in terms of creating capacities and developing products which are more 
platformized are beginning to show results. So this is as far as the performance is concerned.  
Then the third point I would like to mention for the benefit of all the people with whom we have 
communicated earlier and these questions were also posted to us, in the last 4 – 5 months, we 
had couple of discussions with our parents in Japan and our sister companies in China, in relation 
with our sales team from USA and Europe. So we have also opened windows of trying to look 
at what are those products and applications which are there in the Igarashi worldwide portfolio 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
and how we can participate in that for 2 reasons, primarily from the point of view of our 
competitiveness which is getting better compared to China and compared to other locations. And 
at the same time, as a company we would like to de-risk customers and products to make sure 
that there are some interesting platforms that are running in China, also get into a second supplier 
situation from India which is a need not only from our side, but it is a need also from our 
customer’s side. With these 3 thought opening statements Priya Ranjan I hand over the team, I 
would like to take questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the first 
question is from the line of Rishabh Parekh from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Parekh: 
I have 2 questions, one is, can you throw some more light on how these quasi generic platforms 
exactly what they are and how they will benefit us? And my second question is regarding the 
recent election in America, Mr. Trump has quite categorically said that he will re-appeal Paris 
peace accords and does not believe in climate change, do you see this as a threat to our volumes 
in that geography at all? 
P. Mukund: 
This quasi generic platform, to go back to history, in former times, we used to work for 1 engine 
platform of 1 customer, we used to develop one specific motor. So result of that was we ended 
up developing in the same diameter, something like 28 to 29 varieties of motors. There were 
inflexible, there were too many parts and so on. At that time, let’s say on 10 point scale, our 
knowledge as far as the application, and our knowledge as far as the product lead application 
was between 4 and 5. But over the last 10 to 12 years, our engineering team and our global team 
has acquired very intense knowledge as far as the application and product specs that are required 
for the application is concerned. So therefore we started adding value in terms of creating 
platforms where about 60 – 70% of the product that we offer, the electric motor that we offer 
either for an engine or for an exhaust or for a turbo charger application, kind of standardized in 
our platform and the balance 20 – 30% is what will go specifically to the customer whether it is 
Continental for a GM program, whether it is Bosch for a Ford program, whether it is Pierburg 
for a Chrysler program, depending on what exactly the specs at the end are, there we kind of 
tailor the 20 – 30%, that’s what I mean by platforms. So what happens, the biggest significant 
advantage that we get out of this is, at Tier-5, Tier-4 and Tier-3 which kind of generic, I don’t 
have to sweat, as to I have created capacity in Continental doesn’t come, I have to lay the 
capacity. Now I can switch it over to the Pierburg. So that’s what I mean by quasi generic 
platform. However, it is not our intention to create a completely standard motor and go to all the 
customers and say that this is the motor that we made. It is the best, the lowest cost and this is 
what you need now. We want to be absolutely customer oriented but at the same time, we want 
it to make business sense not only to us but also our customers. May be ramp this as an 
accreditation over several customers and quite honestly, the customers are happy because they 
have realized that the total investment in the system is reduced, second, the time to launch a new 
product also gets reduced, and just to give you some numbers former times, we were taking 
somewhere between 3 to 3.5 years from the time the customer had awarded us business and we 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
had made PPAP now it has been brought down to as low as 18 months. I don’t know, whether I 
have been too technical, but does it answer your question?   
Rishabh Parekh: 
Yes absolutely. Thank you for your details.   
P. Mukund: 
And on your second question over Donald Trump, and the election in America, we are on the 
business streak Rishabh, I think you asking the right question to a wrong person as far as I am 
concerned. But in any case, for running this business, and for people like you who are our 
stakeholders, I think we need to have an opinion on this. My opinion is very clear. My opinion 
is that climate change topic is not a new topic. It has been going on for decades. For any decision 
that Donald Trump or anybody else might take on the reverse or on the contrary or climate 
change or anything, it is something which might have an implication over 5 – 10 year period, 
and equivalently, not a direct equivalent example, but in direct equivalent example is a story of 
electric vehicles. Now this electric vehicles, is going to disrupt the internal combustion engine 
is a story that’s been going on for about 10 years now. It is anybody’s guess in terms of what’s 
going to be the degree of disruption and what is going to be the timing of the disruption to that 
degree. So here is something which we have to wait and watch and as business managers, we 
have got to keep our antennas alive for this. My feeling is that for the next 3 – 5 years, I do not 
see any risk as far as the business streak were we operate is concerned Rishabh.  
Rishabh Parekh: 
And sir just one follow up question if I may, these generic platforms which you mentioned are 
they operational or are you speaking to customers now? 
P. Mukund: 
They are operational, they are all invested. Let me be a little metric way, up until last year, 80 – 
90% of this platform has a diameter of 36 mm. So 90% of the motors that we were supplying to 
all these platforms has a diameter of 36 mm but as I explained in the last call and also in private 
meetings, the world in the automotive industry is going towards more performance for less 
weight, more performance for less volume, more performance for less cost and more 
performance in our case for less current consumption because we are all battery operated. We 
depend on the battery. From that standpoint, we see a very clear direction, that this 36 in 5 – 7 
years will kind of get spaced out. They are migrating to 29, 28 and 25. I am very happy to inform 
you that on all these 3 platforms, between last 4 months and December of this year, we would 
have created a total capacity of 6 million motors, 2 of each, 2 in 28, 2 in 25 and 2 in 29 mm 
diameter. It is on the floor ready for PPAP between now and December. So it is not something 
that we are kind of Kite flying that we are going to do it next year or so on. About 50 crores of 
investment has happened between last year and this year and they are all on our manufacturing 
shop floor, Rishabh.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kumar Saumya from Wealth managers India 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Saumya: 
My first question is what is the quantum of CAPEX that the company is expecting to make in 
the coming years? Like this fiscal year and next fiscal year, quantum of CAPEX this company 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
has planned, how much CAPEX that we are going to do for the capacity addition? In 2013, the 
report we saw, the company has stated that electric motors other than automotive applications 
had commenced, so what are they exactly and what are the current size of those motors that we 
are making right now. And one more sir, what is the capacity currently in volume terms? 
P. Mukund: 
We have a thumb rule and the thumb rule is that for our kind of business model, our kind of 
depth of manufacturing, if you take 2 or a 3-year average, somewhere between 8 to 9% of our 
current year revenue will be our CAPEX which is an empirical rule, which we are experiencing 
over the last many years. Now if you are submitted last call I had mentioned that we going one 
step further in terms of taking a call, like I said a little while ago, that we are creating generic 
platforms. So this year we have budgeted an estimated a total capital expenditure between 43 
and 45 crores and so far we have completed about 32 and we have a nice opportunity also to 
acquire an infrastructure where we could look at new lines being laid out. Because we are located 
in this special economic zone. So that’s also being discussed with the government authorities. 
But if you look at CAPEX as far as equipment is concerned, we estimated a CAPEX this year 
between 43 and 45 crores. We have done 32. And we have something in our pipeline but looking 
at what’s happened as Rishabh mentioned about Donald Trump and the elections and so on, we 
are all manufacturers, we all put money in all these tiers. So from that stand point we have to be 
a little cautious in terms of not going very aggressive on capacity addition over the next 6 to 9 
months till we see that there is some stability because it doesn’t mean that we will be losing any 
opportunity of business because to answer your question, in our kind of business, capacity 
utilization varies between 65 and 75% normally. So it is not going to be something which is 
going to impact in next 1 - 2 years but at the end of the day, I don’t want to put money sleeping 
without knowing what the macro situation and what the feedback from my customers on the 
business streak is going to be.  
Coming to your second question regarding electric motors for other than automotive 
applications, yes, we did look at other than automotive applications in terms of using our 
competence bandwidth, we kind of ventured into looking at compressor applications which are 
used in air conditioners, refrigerators, we looked at industrial power tool application and now 
we find that there are many applications that are coming up, where we really don’t know what 
the application is because it is from an intermediary who uses this motors based on the specs and 
the performance and creates a system and uses it for something like a wheel chair movement, 
something like electric bed in the hospitals for the bed heads to go up and down, something like 
may be solar panels being moved. We are not kind of moving in this in an organized manner 
like we are doing in the automotive area, by looking at the market, looking at spaces, doing some 
analysis and so on. The size of these kind of applications is not very large. This automotive is 
very large. We found that our sales officials themselves stopped and if somebody wants to look 
at using it for some let’s say simple application like a toy or an application like electric motors 
for opening and closing the house windows or moving the screens up and down there is very 
wide bandwidth of application, I don’t want to spend too much of engineering and management 
time on these, when we have a good visibility as far as the play in the automotive space is 
concerned Kumar. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Raghu Nandan from Quant Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghu Nandan: 
I had 2 questions, one is, how would be the content per vehicle in geographies like Asia, Europe 
and USA and how do you expect to move it ahead? How do you expect to move ahead in the 
next couple of years? And would it be possible for you to provide a demand and margin outlook 
for the current year, thank you sir. 
P. Mukund: 
Raghu Nandan, as far as content for vehicle is concerned, content for vehicle for a company like 
ours is a macro situation, the reason being we are niche market players and one of the critical 
applications we play we have about 40% of the world market in that space. So from that stand 
point, we can say that about $3.2 for 40% of the vehicle is what we want. When we look at 
content per vehicle as much as we look at number of motors that we make and divided by the 
number of vehicles that are being made. For example, if we make about 23 million motors this 
year for these application, out of the total 90 million cars that are expected to be made, that’s our 
penetration. So we don’t really have this matrix in terms of content per vehicle as a Tier-1 would 
do. Normally contents for vehicles would be very relevant for Tier-1, since we play in Tier-2 
Tier-2.5, for us this is relevant metric slowdown, but how relevant it is to keep it as a bench mark 
we are still pondering.  
As far as demand and margin outlook is concerned, normally we don’t give guidance, however 
since you have asked this question, I think considering what is happening in the global scenario, 
considering what’s happening in different markets and so on, because China is also very volatile. 
There are no ups and downs. Suddenly one fine day, we realize that China has given some 
incentives for December and they expect some more vehicle production and I suppose you are 
aware that in our sales mix we do about 35% to the American geography, 35% to the European 
geography and 20% we do to the Chinese geography. And 10% is rest of the world including 
India. But at this point in time, having seen a steady first half, I would imagine that it will be 
prudent from a managerial perspective to look at if we are able to repeat successfully that HY1 
and HY2, we have done well considering all the uncertainties that are going around in the market 
place. So that will be at base case. So if that is any indication, that specifically with regard to 
guidance’s on the margins and the sales, we haven’t started that practice yet Raghu Nandan. 
Raghu Nandan: 
Just coming back to my first question, when we say 23 million motors, just for my understanding, 
per car how many motors will go in sir? 
P. Mukund: 
Normally if you have done any research work, any of the reports that Priya Ranjan and the other 
people have made generally speaking, these motors that we make go in for electronic throttle 
application which is in the engine, the exhaust gas fumes recirculation application which is in 
the exhaust and the turbo actuator application which is in the turbo charger. So normally there 
are one or 2 motors that are used in each. So if you see a fully loaded car, a fully-loaded car may 
have 3 motors for these application and that’s why, many of our earlier statements, we have 
mentioned that we see over the next 4 – 5 years, from an average of 0.9 to 1.1 motors per car, 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
we expect it go to somewhere between 2.2 to 2.3 motors per car over the next 4 – 5 years for 
these applications. Now it is our call what bit of that 2.3 we want to take.    
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Aman Vig from Astute Investment managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Aman Wig: 
I had 3 questions, first, could you tell the relationship between Igarashi USA and Igarashi China? 
Are these competitors or do they manufacture different set of motors or are they suppliers? 
Second question is we, basically if you, going by the numbers which you have given, around 23 
million motors per year, average, so we have a realization of around $3 to 3.5, or say 215 to 20, 
so who are actual competitors basically who only compete in say power train, because whatever 
research I have done, the major players like Mabuchi and others are more in comforters and their 
realization are much lower of around $1 – 1.5, so who are our competitors in the segment, 
basically the power train segment and the last question is basically, so could you further divide 
it say 11.5 million we did, so I am guessing most of this will be for ETC application. Rough 
numbers for turbo chargers and EGR as well as what is our market share in each of the 3 
segments as well as the global penetration levels? 
P. Mukund: 
One by one, first is as far as relationship with Igarashi is concerned, many of you know that 
couple of years ago, Igarashi came back. Igarashi bought the shareholding from Blackstone. So 
we have now become a kind of global company with the headquarters in Japan, its footprints in 
manufacturing in China and in India principally. We have sales application engineering logistics 
and customer relationship management in Germany, Europe in Chicago for USA and Mexico 
and in Japan, Shanghai and we have a small sales output in India as well. So the relationship 
with Igarashi USA is what they are our sales channel partners. So all the business that we do, 
we sell while the ownership of business is always with the manufacturing unit like the plants 
which manufacture, they get approved by the ultimate customer. The business transaction for 
Europe is done out of Igarashi in Europe. Business transaction for North and South America is 
done out of Igarashi in USA. To simply answer your question, they are our sales channel 
partners. The second point is with regard to China, China is about 40 years old and we started 
organized exports from 1996 - 1997. So the way we grew in terms of addressing the markets, 
addressing the customers, addressing the application, was very different from what China was 
doing, so therefore, as far as China is concerned, they are our partners and the manufacturing 
capacity. And since the last 4 – 5 years, what we have been offering to our customers is that 
since we are the only motor company in this space which has a manufacturing platform in India 
as well as China which is hitherto consider as the current and the future factories of the world. 
So most of the customers would like to try platforms which is India based where originally India 
was making 100% of the requirement but now we are slowly looking at Chinese market being 
served at by China. Likewise, there are many Chinese customers who are 100% buying from 
China, they are now coming to us and saying we would like to have 20% to 30% of the capacity 
from India. So that’s how we are kind of integrating and complementing each other. So there is 
no in sense of competition at all between India and China, and even if we are making the same 
products it is because it’s a strategic decision that is made together with the customer that we 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
launched the first line in India, do second line in China, do third line in India and then take it 
forward that way. So that’s my response to your first question.  
Response to your second question is the space that we play, it is like, very unique space and the 
kind of play as far as these motors are concerned is that prior to 2000, all the motors for these 
applications were made by the Tier-1 themselves. Bosch was making it themselves, Continental 
was making it themselves. Pierburg was making it themselves, but then they realized that these 
motors which they are going to make it, they are spending a lot of engineering sign on a $2 or 
$3 or $4 item and they are not bothering too much about the $10 or $20 or $30 system part. So 
they found suppliers like us, and then over a period of the last 10 – 15 years, from a 100% in-
house scenario, now the situation has come that about 30 – 40% is being made in-house by these 
guys by the Pierburgs, by the Continental, by the Bosch, by the Denso and so on and they are 
being purchased by suppliers like us. Now to give you a competitive scenario, the players as far 
as this space is concerned, the organized players who are being doing so for the last 10 – 12 
years are three. One is the company by name Mitsuba, second is by company by name Johnon 
Electric third is ourselves. And also here that since this space is a very interesting space, it does 
take time to get in, but then you stay on for a long time, there are couple of new guys coming up 
in and around China, in the last 2 years. We have our antennas on to the ground in terms of 
understanding where they are and so on in our own intelligence system and so on but overall the 
3 players who are there are Mitsuba, Johnson and ourselves. We take care about 60 – 70% of the 
top 35.44 actuator motors for all these applications that I just spoke of.  
Coming to your third question, fundamentally up to moment we are an ETC player, about 90% 
of our product is for the throttle control, 10% goes for the exhaust and turbo chargers we have 4 
enquiries and we have 4 products on the development, but we have not yet hit the sales stream. 
Going forward, our intension is to have somewhere around 2/3rd of the engine and 1/3rd for the 
exhaust and for the turbo chargers. That’s on the applications. However, I want to come back to 
my opening statement Aman, opening statement is that we are building a platform in such a 
manner that our generic platforms are fundamentally fit to be used either for the exhaust or for 
the turbo or for the engine platforms. This is our product strategy drive. I do not know whether 
it answers your question completely. 
Aman Wig: 
Just one small thing which is left is, what is the current penetration in al the 3 segments which 
you are in globally? 
P. Mukund: 
Penetration in throttle is upward of 80%. And the penetration in the turbo and the EGR is, I do 
not know because we work very closely on the business stream 37.06 with customers and that’s 
where we get so I don’t really have the macro information, but it is a fair statement to make that 
it is under 35%.  
Aman Wig: 
But if 80% is the current penetration, what is our market share in that? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
P. Mukund: 
Somewhere between 38 and 39. The space that we can play or we can look forward to is, all 
these Tier-1s who are making it themselves, 4 years down the line they will be making zero. 
Aman Vig: 
We still have growth opportunities in this because to me, this looks like the penetration level is 
very high. So shouldn’t the growth be aligned with the vehicle growth but our growth is still 
very strong. 
P. Mukund: 
I am not too sure if I have understood your question correctly. Our standpoint, as I said which 
means Johnson Electric and us who are the main players, Mitsuba also is also a minor player, 
between Johnson Electric and us, as pure motors suppliers together we have about 60% of the 
market and 40% again is available with the Tier-1s themselves. I, as a prudent business strategy, 
would look at how the 40% will be made by Tier-1s becomes 30, becomes 20 and becomes 10 
besides of the fact that there would be an increase in the overall IC vehicle sales as well. So 
that’s how we are trying to benchmark our strategic growth in ETC space Aman.  
Aman Wig: 
Just to finally summarize this, in long term do you still think if volume wise we can grow at 15% 
odd levels in ETC also. Because turbo charger and exhausts, yes, these are the new business 
opportunity for us but ETC? 
P. Mukund: 
This is our intension Aman. But quite honestly I am not going to be very stressed about it because 
at this point in time when we are creating a generic product, that kind of addresses the mechanical 
vibration of the engine, and this thermal requirement of the exhaust and the turbo charger, so I 
am kind of looking at the space that we play is the triplex space rather than just one.  
Aman Wig: 
Who are the strong players in exhaust and turbo chargers? 
P. Mukund: 
Johnson Electric is very good. It might probably have, I don’t know the exact number but 
somebody asked me in the last call but do you think Johnson has between 70 - 80% market 
share? My answer was I don’t know but it could be true? 
Aman Wig: 
Realization was also similar to the ETC realization or may be little higher? 
P. Mukund: 
Yes, depends because here, it depends on what exactly the application nature is because in those 
applications you have small motors of diameters of 20 mm and at the same time, you have bigger 
motors diameter of 40 mm, which means you are talking of sub-$2 to an upward of $5 kind of a 
price range.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Dhruv Bhatia from AUM Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurabh Shah: 
This is Saurabh Shah. Couple of questions. One was you had mentioned are we looking at both 
partnerships model with the Chinese Igarashi entity as well. Question was, is it only for new 
orders or incremental or is it the entire current stock of orders where for Igarashi end customer 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
is diversifying across geographies? The second one is you had mentioned that 2 – 3 other lines 
you were looking for putting in place just want to get a sense there as well, what’s the kind of 
market environment, what’s the volume of the market for those kind of products and where do 
you see you making concrete sales in the next 1 year to 18 months, what’s our timeline there? 
P. Mukund: 
As far as the partnership with China is concerned, this is something which when we last also, I 
touched on it briefly, is it something which you have been talking about over the last 5 years 
because a company like Continental, he is looking at a total volume of 12 million motors over 
the next 8 or 9 year period, he wants it to be addressed in multiple geographies. So obviously 
the option he has is either come to Igarashi and go to supplier of motors or look at Igarashi 
having a dual platforms. So what we tried to work with them was, great we will do all the product 
development and the application engineering works with Indian engineering team and we will 
do the first line with the capacity of about 3 million motors per year in India and we told them 
look at the second line after the first line comes to a certain maturity level, the second line would 
be put in China because that would address the Chinese market. And some of the Chinese market 
as you know is becoming very strong, from all the fuel efficiency, the emission, from all stand 
points and all the feature, it is becoming an excellent market over there now. So we have taken 
the decision is we put the first line here, start with Europe, start with USA, see China and the 
moment there is some comfort as far as China is concerned, we will put the second line in China. 
And then the third line we come back to India. So this is something which is going on for the 
last 5 years already and 2 of such lines or capacities are fortified, one with Conti, one with Bosch. 
Now 2 other customers that we are working with who are principally Chinese customers, next 
year we expect it to fructify are again European customers Pierburg may be one more not exactly 
our space but it could be comfort motors that we are working on. So this is a process that has 
been going on for some time and I believe we will continue and this is something as I said, in 
my Aman’s question that strategically it is something which is preferred that the customers are 
even for ourselves.  
Saurabh Shah: 
But it pertains to the existing bit of your order as well right, let us say if Igarashi was doing, 100 
motor in China now they are going to do some over here for the existing production, or this is 
only? 
P. Mukund: 
No existing production will move because the time to change the existing location itself takes 
about 2 – 3 years, in a growing market, why would you do that? We are not trying to migrate 
any running models from there to here because like what people do in Europe because we are 
losing money, the more we make, the more money we lose. So let’s sell the business or migrate 
the lines low cost countries and so on. This is not our challenge now Saurabh. And as far as the 
3 lines are concerned, these are running products which have been on the development stream 
since 2014 and now they have come into the manufacturing stream. So it is the business that we 
always have been doing except for the fact that the 36 mm diameter motor which are made and 
we are doing about 80% of that will slowly start tapering down to about 60% and then to about 
30% of the total portfolio. So it’s the same kind of applications, same kind of competence except 
that we applied to intense engineering to get this more performance for lower size, lower weight, 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
lower volume, and lower current. There is nothing new that we learnt to it. Just that we are 
progressing with the vehicle manufacturers desire because as you know the vehicle manufacturer 
for every new model that he is launching he wants more space inside and less space outside. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Shah, but due to time constraints, we won’t be able to take any more 
questions. I now hand the conference back to Mr. Priya Ranjan for closing.  
Priya Ranjan: 
Due to time constraint as Mr. Mukund has to go for some meetings, we had to control the 
conference. We want to thank Mr. Mukund and the team of Igarashi for such a successful and 
wonderful quarter. And would like to hand over to him to give any final remark or anything. 
P. Mukund: 
Thank you Priya Ranjan and I will once again express sincere gratitude to all the participants 
who have spent this time to listen to us, and we are quite pleased with what has happened in the 
first 6 months and as true blue manufacturers we want to be more steady as we go forward. So 
this is what we are looking at over the next 6 months, 1 year, 2 years because the market space 
that we play in is not going to go anywhere and the good news as far as our business is concerned 
is that it takes time to launch, it takes to ramp up and it will remain. So, this is the kind of 
principle advantage as a company we have built and now with all the linkages that we are 
creating with the Detroit-based people in our headquarters in Igarashi, we want to increase the 
content of our engineering and value offering that we offer to our customers. This is our strategic 
desire. I have no other specific comments to make in this call Priya Ranjan.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
