
 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Godrej Industries Limited 
Q2 FY17 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 15, 2016 
Moderator 
Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Godrej Industries Limited 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari of CDR India, 
thank you and over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good Afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Industries Q2 FY 2017 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Adi 
Godrej – Chairman, Mr. Nadir Godrej – Managing Director, Ms.Tanya 
Dubash – Executive Director & Chief Brand Officer, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej – 
Managing Director & CEO of Godrej Properties, Mr. Balram Singh Yadav -- 
Managing Director of Godrej Agrovet, Mr. Nitin Nabar, Executive Director 
and President (Chemicals), and Mr. Clement Pinto – CFO. 
 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management following which we will have the forum open for an interactive 
question and answer session. Before we start I would like to point out that 
some statements made in this call may be forward-looking and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the conference call invite sent out earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Adi Godrej to make the initial remarks. 
Adi Godrej 
Thanks Anoop. Good Afternoon everyone. I welcome you to the Godrej 
Industries conference call to discuss the operating and financial 
performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. I shall take you 
through some of the key developments and operational highlights of each of 
our businesses followed by a summary of our financial results.  
 
I am pleased to share that in second quarter of fiscal year 2017 Godrej 
Industries Limited recorded a healthy growth of 56% in Consolidated Net 
Profit. 
I am also pleased to share that in second quarter of fiscal year 2017 the 
market value of Godrej Industries’ investment in GCPL and GPL has 

Page 2 of 10 
increased by Rs.3,623 crore (27%, Y-O-Y) while Godrej Industries market 
capitalization increased by Rs. 2,773 crore (24%, Y-O-Y). GIL’s share price 
has increased by 38% CAGR since 2001. 
Godrej Properties got an excellent response to the launch of its new project 
in Thane, Godrej Emerald. This project was one of the fastest to launch 
projects we have ever seen in Mumbai and GPL registered robust sales 
despite challenging market conditions. It sold 269 apartments or over 
300,000 square feet with a booking value of Rs. 259 crore within the 
quarter.  
Total revenue for the second quarter stood at Rs. 368 crore, a decrease of 
73% over the corresponding period of the previous year. EBITDA decreased 
by 63% to Rs 62 crore, and net profit decreased by 77% to Rs 23 crore. 
However, if we look at the same numbers excluding the large single buyer 
sale at Godrej BKC in second quarter of fiscal Year 2016, our reported 
numbers all grew significantly. 
I am extremely happy to share with you that GPL was ranked 2nd in Asia & 
5th globally by the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark, which is an 
industry-driven organization that assesses Environmental, Social, and 
Governance performance of real estate companies globally. 
We welcome the recent demonetization step the government has 
announced, which is another step towards increasing transparence in the 
real estate sector.  We believe this step in addition to the Real Estate 
Regulation Act will help professionalize the sector and will be beneficial to 
companies with good governance standards. 
Godrej Agrovet’s Total Revenue in second quarter of fiscal year 2017 grew 
by 53% through a healthy mix of organic and acquisitive growth and PBT 
grew by 73% over second quarter of fiscal year 2016. 
Oil Palm business had a robust revenue growth of 34% & 43% in the current 
quarter & first half of fiscal year 2017 respectively as compared to the 
corresponding periods of the previous year.  In the current quarter the price 
of Fresh Fruit Bunch (FFB) continued to be remunerative for the farmers 
which shall help in bringing sizeable area under Oil Palm Plantation. 
Agri-Input business for the quarter grew by 28% and for the first six months 
it grew by 23% as compared to the corresponding periods of the previous 
year.  This was mainly due to rise in domestic demand aided by monsoon 
revival. Astec LifeSciences a subsidiary of GAVL showcased a great quarter 
by clocking revenue growth at 31% as compared to quarter 2 of fiscal year 
2016 and 21% as compared to half year of previous fiscal. 

Page 3 of 10 
Animal Feeds business had a steady performance despite headwinds in few 
categories. Sales for second quarter of fiscal year 2017 increased by 10% as 
compared to the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
GAVL’s Joint Venture in Bangladesh- ACI Godrej continues to do well 
clocking a growth of 13% in second quarter of fiscal year 2017 as compared 
to corresponding period of previous year. Volume growth in current quarter 
was significant with cattle feed growing at 48% and fish feed at 20%. 
Godrej Tyson had a steady performance for the quarter despite headwinds 
in terms of lower bird prices during festive season. For first half of the fiscal 
year 2017 revenues increased by 8% as compared to the corresponding 
period of the previous year. 
Creamline Dairy products business grew by 8% & 10% in second quarter and 
first half of fiscal year 2017 respectively as compared to the corresponding 
periods of the previous year and this has been mainly driven by value added 
products. We will continue to focus on improving the mix of value added 
products in overall sales. 
With an agile team, focus on continuously improving our operational 
efficiency and research and development in agri businesses and good 
monsoon I am confident that Godrej Agrovet will continue to do well across 
verticals and add value through the years to come. 
Moving on to the performance of Godrej Consumer Products; Despite a 
sluggish environment, GCPL delivered a reasonably robust performance 
during the last quarter. We continue to deliver ahead of the market and 
profitable growth. GCPL’s consolidated constant currency sales grew at 15%, 
with EBIDTA in constant currency terms growing at 17%. Its India business 
delivered a strong sales growth of 7%, driven by a healthy volume growth of 
9%.Consolidated reported Net Profit for the quarter increased by 44%. 
As we look ahead, we remain confident of a stronger performance in the 
second half of the year compared to the first half. As consumer demand 
picks up, we believe that GCPL is well positioned to continue to outperform 
the industry. 
Our Chemicals business revenues for second quarter of fiscal year 2017 
increased by 8% as compared to the corresponding quarter of previous 
year. However, PBIT for the quarter was impacted due to higher raw 
material prices relative to corresponding quarter of previous year. I am 
happy to share that our Valia Plant was awarded the ‘Energy Efficient Unit 
for second time in a row at CII National Awards for Excellence in Energy 
Management 2016 

Page 4 of 10 
 
Let me now briefly run through our financial highlights. During the quarter, 
consolidated Total Income stood at Rs.2,295 crore and consolidated net 
profit  stood at Rs.82 crore, a growth 56% over the corresponding period of 
previous year. For half year of this fiscal Total Income stood at Rs.4,421 
crore and consolidated net profit stood at Rs.144 crore a growth 26% over 
the corresponding period of previous year. 
Going forward we expect consumer demand to gradually improve, 
particularly in rural India. Multiple tailwinds such as a good monsoon, MSP 
increase and pension scheme benefits will lead to better growth in India in 
the quarters ahead. 
To conclude, we remain encouraged and confident of achieving our long 
term objectives of inclusive, sustainable and profitable growth. I am 
confident that our disciplined strategy, prudent approach, focus on agile 
execution and our committed team will enable us to improve performance 
further and create greater shareholder value. 
 Moderator 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Anand Krishnan from 
Kotak Infina. Please go ahead. 
Anand Krishnan 
I wanted to understand more about your Chemicals business. Last concall 
you had actually mentioned that the margins in Chemical business has 
actually gone down because of a planned shut-down in your facility. But if I 
were to just see your raw material prices the crude prices which were 
actually the same, if we compare it sequentially or on a Y-O-Y basis even 
then the margins are similar to what you actually did in the Q1 quarter. 
What exactly explains the same? 
Nitin Nabar 
The planned shut-down was in the first quarter of the financial year and 
now the margins are in the region of about 5-6%. Last quarter particularly 
were impacted due to very high raw material price. 
Anand Krishnan 
In the sequential quarter Q1 you said that it was a plant shutdown so the 
margins in that quarter were 5.5% and the raw material prices if I were to 
see in Q1 FY 17 or Q2 FY 17 and Q2 FY 16 the raw material prices were 
actually the same so that is what I am not able to understand as to even 
though the raw material prices were the same the margins have actually 
been the same as compared to Q1. 
Nitin Nabar  
What I said was in Q2 the raw material prices were very high. Shutdown was 
in the first quarter and where our sales revenue was lower. 
Anand Krishnan 
The sales revenue was lower but the margins got affected because of raw 
material prices. But raw material prices are the same is what I figured out 

Page 5 of 10 
through crude prices because that is your base raw material is what I 
understand. 
Nitin Nabar 
Our raw material is vegetable oil. Those prices were very high in the second 
part. 
Anand Krishnan 
Second question is with respect to your Animal Feeds business. If you were 
to just give me a break up of what was the actual Animal Feeds business in 
India and the Animal Feeds business in Bangladesh that would actually be 
helpful. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
The Indian business in first half is close to about Rs. 1300 crore and the 
Bangladesh business is close to about Rs. 300 crore. 
Anand Krishnan 
Are the margins in both the countries the same? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Bangladesh business has better margins. 
Anand Krishnan 
What would be the ballpark margins if you could just help me with that, Sir? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Bangladesh will be about 5-6% PBT of sales and Indian business is about 2% 
lower. Having said that I must also tell you that this year has not been very 
good year for the animal protein business, i.e., second half of last year and 
the first half of this year, but there is an improvement in the last few 
months so we believe that margins will improve in future. 
Anand Krishnan 
What is the growth rate that you are actually seeing in the business in India 
and Bangladesh as such? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Bangladesh business grew 13%; Indian business grew 10%, topline. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Akella from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijeet Akella 
A few questions on Agrovet, the veg oil segment EBIT that we have given it 
has doubled year over year from Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 50 crore. Would it be 
possible to just get a sense for how much of that is the traded component 
versus your actual Oil Palm business? 
Clement Pinto 
Bulk of it is the non-traded component; it’s largely from the Agrovet Oil 
Palm business. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
So in Agrovet there are two important things that happened, one is, the oil 
prices are very high, the CPO and the CPCO prices were high, about 20% 
higher than last year. And second thing is that there is lot of efficiency 

Page 6 of 10 
improvement which has happened in our business on two counts, one is oil 
recovery and utilization of byproducts. 
Abhijeet Akella 
But the high oil prices you can’t retain that because as per the formula you 
have to pass it through, is that correct? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
But you must remember that we pass almost 80% of the oil price but our 
fixed cost is constant, they are in absolute number, so profitability improves 
as the price goes up. 
Abhijeet Akella 
So have we seen a meaningful improvement this year in the Oil Palm 
margin? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Of course, there is a substantial improvement in first half over last year and 
profitability has almost doubled. 
Abhijeet Akella 
Just to understand one last thing on this point, the Veg Oil segment revenue 
is disclosed as Rs. 280 crore whereas your Oil Palm revenue is given as Rs. 
220 crore. So can I assume that the remaining Rs. 60 crore is basically the 
trading business? 
Clement Pinto 
We have two other smaller businesses under the Vegoils segement, one is 
our trading business and the other is our edible oil business. 
Abhijeet Akella 
Just ballpark, what would the margins from those businesses be? 
Nitin Nabar 
The edible oil business which is housed in GIL has a revenue of about Rs. 30 
crore. 
Abhijeet Akella 
And trading business would be? 
Nadir Godrej 
Trading business depends on how we trade. 
Abhijeet Akella 
But low single digit margin is fair to assume perhaps? 
Nadir Godrej 
Right. Trading business depends on how things go; sometimes you can lose 
money also. 
Abhijeet Akella 
One more thing on the JV disclosure, you have kindly given us the revenues 
for Godrej Tyson and ACI Godrej. Can we assume that the profit margins in 
both these businesses has remained fairly stable compared to what they 
have been in the past? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
In both these business H2 is always better than H1 so we will see a bit of 
improvement in margins in the coming months. 
Abhijeet Akella 
But 2Q was largely stable, right? 

Page 7 of 10 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Yes. 
Abhijeet Akella 
On the Punjab CAPEX that you have talked about in the presentation could 
you give us some color on how large that is, how much capacity that can 
add to the Tyson business? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
In Punjab the investment is largely on value-added products. We plan to set 
up in Phase-1, one line to manufacture vegetable products and the capacity 
of the line is 1 ton per hour, that is about 12 tons per day and investment 
will be close to about Rs. 40-45 crore at today’s cost. So the project is likely 
to be completed in about 10 months’ time. 
Abhijeet Akella 
What kind of asset turnover can it do at peak utilization? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Normally these kinds of businesses have asset turnover between 4 and 5. 
Abhijeet Akella 
If you could give us a tax rate guidance for both the standalone and the 
consolidated entities. Second, on the Chemical segment one more question, 
last year we had done 8% EBIT margin in the full year FY 16, this year it is 
down to about 5.3% so what would you say is a reasonable assumption to 
make for FY 17? 
Nitin Nabar 
Last year was exceptionally good. We normally talk in terms of about 5-6-7% 
margin. 
Clement Pinto 
Regarding tax rate, in GIL standalone - we are under NIL MAT tax situation 
currently and for the consolidated entity - the tax rate which is applicable 
for each companies on a standalone basis will get consolidated. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Anirudha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Anirudha Joshi 
On the Godrej Agrovet, can you divide the revenue breakup in three 
segments, Cattle, Poultry and Aqua, the Animal Feeds business? And what 
was the growth in the corresponding business? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
This is something which I don’t have right now but can be given offline. 
Anirudha Joshi 
What was the volume value breakup? What was the price hike which you 
would have taken from Q2 FY 16 to Q2 FY 17? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Q2 FY 17 was about 4-5% higher than Q2 FY 16 largely because of high corn 
prices. 
Anirudha Joshi 
Obviously it is very difficult to predict at this stage, but what is the impact of 
this cancellation of Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes? Secondly, the GST will also 

Page 8 of 10 
get rolled out, so what is the tax neutral rate for us and what is the 
expectation in terms of the GST rate? 
Adi Godrej 
For both your questions, for the first one, it’s too early to tell the effect of 
the demonetization. And on the GST rates it will vary a lot from business to 
business and it’s still not finally clear what the exact applicable rates will be. 
I think that information will be available in 2-3 weeks’ time. 
Anirudha Joshi 
Lastly, any update you would like to share regarding Godrej Agrovet IPO? 
Adi Godrej 
No, it’s something that is certainly not in the very near future and we will 
inform the market whenever a decision is taken. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Akella from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijet Akella 
The profit from finance and investments it has swung from a Rs. 9 crore EBIT 
loss last year in 2Q to a Rs. 21 crore profit. Could you just help us 
understand what the swing factors were within that? 
Clement Pinto 
Because of the new accounting standard under IFRS we had to factor into 
account the MTM gain and loss. So in the previous year we had the MTM 
loss on a non-group investment. Later in the previous year, we sold this 
investment at a good profit. For the current quarter, we had positive 
revenue in this segment with no MTM loss impacting us. 
Abhijet Akella 
So this is a kind of stable run rate to work with going forward? 
Clement Pinto 
No, the finance segment will vary quarter-on-quarter. 
Abhijet Akella 
Just a couple of quick questions on Agrovet again. One is, on Creamline I 
think this quarter we have seen a slight moderation in the profit margins 
compared to what we saw in the June quarter. Also the value added 
products percentage seems to have declined a little bit, so if you could just 
explain a little bit about that and also what your outlook is for FY 17 for both 
VAP and the profit margins. 
Balram Singh Yadav 
There is a drop in quarter 2 from 6.2% PBT in quarter 1, we came to 5% and 
that is largely because of Ice Cream segment which was quite big in quarter 
1. So that explains the drop in profitability in Q2. Quarter 2 normally is the 
steady state profitability for the rest of the year also. 
Abhijet Akella 
By year end what kind of value-added percentage would you hope to be at? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
We were at 21% last year. We went to about 29% in quarter 1 and we have 
come down to 25% in quarter 2. There are a lot of initiatives which are on in 

Page 9 of 10 
terms of branding and introduction of new products. We believe that we 
will end up anything between 26-27% salience of value added in our total 
turnover in FY 17. 
Abhijeet Akella 
On the agri inputs business in which it seems as if we have done extremely 
well compared to what the rest of the market has done both Godrej’s own 
agri inputs as well as Astec LifeSciences. So are there any specific growth 
drivers in terms of products that have driven this performance and also 
what’s your outlook for the year in terms of profitability in each of these 
businesses? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Agri input definitely did well because of good monsoon. Last year our main 
product Hitweed which is the cotton herbicide almost bombed because of 
lack of water, so this year we had a very good year for our cotton herbicides. 
So that explains the first half for agri input. We believe that we will be able 
to maintain the same percentage of profit on sales what we have been 
doing for the last several years. As far as Astec LifeSciences I think there is 
lot of improvement in general hygiene of the company, in our raw material 
cost, in our payment terms so that is reflecting in profitability. The contract 
manufacturing business is quite remunerative for us. It has gone up. And the 
salience of exports from 36% has gone up to 41% even though realization of 
export sales we would have changed because of IndAS. So we believe that 
as exports rise as a total percentage of total sales our profitability will 
improve further. 
Abhijeet Akella 
Just one last question on Animal Feeds, we have been hearing about the 
pressures on the broiler feed segment for some time. But you have also 
spoken about shrimp this quarter now, so what happened there? You have 
also mentioned in your presentation about some sales initiatives you are 
taking to drive growth so if you could talk a little bit on that please? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
Two three things I want to say, one is, shrimp is not because of any 
structural change in the market, etc., the only thing is because of disease 
the shrimp got harvested a little early, we could have definitely surpassed 
the tonnages of last year and this shrimp stayed in ponds for another 3 
weeks which it normally does. So I think that explains shrimp. But the other 
part of shrimp is that whenever we have seen early harvesting we have seen 
early start to the second season. So we believe that the last quarter of FY 17 
will be good for shrimp business because there will be early start for the 
shrimp season for the next year. Broiler feed I think there is a big structural 
change happening in the market. As the market becomes integrated, in the 
open market for feed sellers is reducing. Whatever initiatives we are taking 
is to be able to make sense to the small integrators who are institutional 
customers. In a layman term our B2C business is changing into B2B business 
and we have to adapt to it and there I think we have taken a little bit of time 
because we need to change lot of things including our distribution as well as 

Page 10 of 10 
payment terms, etc. We believe that we will be able to start on a growth 
path in broiler feed in next few quarters. 
Abhijeet Akella 
For the Animal Feeds segment overall, all three put together, do you think it 
will sort of remain around this 10% growth mark going forward or do you 
think it's possible that growth can accelerate? 
Balram Singh Yadav 
It is a mixed bag. I think in Cattle Feed we have close to 15% volume growth. 
In Fish Feed we have double digit growth. In Layer Feed we are growing. It is 
only Shrimp and Broiler where there is a challenge. Now one thing you all 
should also understand is that Godrej Agrovet is what it is because of our 
portfolio. Our businesses are seasonal and cyclical, I think some will do well, 
some will not do well. But you see the overall picture will always be very 
good. Last year we had a very bad monsoon for two years but still we could 
hold on because Animal Feeds business was doing well. So you will always 
have these cyclical and seasonal issues but I don't think that a long-term 
growth of this company of a decent double-digit in mid-teens is going to be 
affected because of the seasonality and cyclicality. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Adi Godrej 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions 
satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more 
about the Company we would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once 
again for taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, 
on behalf of Godrej Industries Limited that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
