
 
 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
 
 
S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY17 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 15, 2017 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SH Kelkar & Company Limited 
Earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. In case you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on SH Kelkar & 
Company Limited’s Q3 and 9M FY 2017 Earnings conference call. We have with 
us Mr. Kedar Vaze – Whole-time Director and CEO; Mr. B. Ramkrishnan – Head-
Strategy; Mr. Tapas Majumdar – CFO and Mr. Shrikant Mate – VP-Strategy of the 
company. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management following which 
we will have the forum opened for a question-and-answer session. Before we start 
I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be forward-
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make his opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our third quarter and nine 
months ended FY17 earnings call. I will begin by taking you through the operational 
and financial highlights of the quarter and we will look forward to taking your 
questions and suggestions. 
I am pleased to share with you that we have reported healthy performance despite 
the muted environment witnessed by us in the domestic as well as the international 
market. In 9MFY17 our total income increased by 11% to Rs. 733 crore, EBITDA 
improved by 21% to Rs. 136 crore and PAT grew by 58% to Rs. 77 crore. Even 
though demonetization impacted the FMCG sector we have been able to grow our 
domestic business by 21%. 
In 9MFY17 growth in the Fragrance division was 5%. While we saw a healthy 
traction in the domestic markets where revenues were up 15%,. our overseas 
revenues were lower by 13%. The performance in the overseas segment remained 
subdued as lower demand and depreciating foreign currency continued to impact 
our result this quarter. However, the division registered a notable 27% growth in 
profitability to Rs. 102 crore as margins improved by 270 bps to 15.7% in 9M FY17. 

 
Page 2 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
We continue to work on several cost benefit measures which should help us lower 
our cost going forward. I would like to highlight here that our board has approved 
the proposal to acquire and develop the Intellectual Property in Fragrance 
Encapsulation Technology held by Tanishka Products. Tanishka is a partnership 
firm in its startup phase and this technology would allow us to offer differentiated 
Fragrance products and systems. This is the technology for the future and we 
would like to integrate that with the development of Fragrance so there is a 
consolidated development of Fragrance along with the technology which will give 
us unique synergies going forward. A nominal consideration is payable and we 
hope to see tangible long term outcomes from this strategic acquisition which is 
structured in a manner that there is a pay out at the end of five years based on the 
business performance.  
Coming to our Flavor business, in 9MFY17 the division registered a robust 110% 
increase year-on-year to Rs. 85 crore with both domestic and export business 
growing by 164% and 70% respectively. This growth has enabled us to significantly 
increase our market share in the industry. The tuck-in acquisition of HTT along with 
significant off take in the domestic and overseas markets enabled us to report such 
strong performance. The business also registered healthy growth of 196% in 
profitability. Operating profit stood at Rs. 22 crore and margins improved to 25% 
compared to 18% in 9MFY16. The operating leverage achieved by shifting 
production from HTT’s Daman facility to the company’s Vashivali facility has 
primarily helped us report better operating margins. With the acquisition of Gujarat 
Flavors also expected to be integrated soon we hope to report similar operating 
efficiency benefit and better performance going forward as well. 
To sum up, in all our markets we are witnessing increased level of business 
activities. This keeps us excited and fully engaged in our business to tap these 
opportunities and transform them into tangible business. This along with our 
leadership position in niche industry, increasing investments in R&D, a strong 
balance sheet and unique business model should enable us to deliver sustainable 
growth in the future. 
 
This brings me to the end of my discussion. Thank you for your time and I would 
now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions or suggestions that 
you may have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-
and-answer session. 
We have the first question from the line of Chintan Modi from Motilal Oswal 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Modi 
Sir, firstly if you can share one data like what is your breakup in the Fragrance part 
of the business between domestic, exports and service income? And if you can 
share the growth of each for the third quarter specific? 
Kedar Vaze 
The third quarter number for the domestic growth is 7%. International is minus 
22%. In this we have the service business which was roughly 1% growth and the 
rest of it 6% was domestic organic growth. And in the international we have the 
operations out of Netherlands which has witnessed slack demand on the global 
basis. So the global demand has been very poor. And that has led to a decline in 
the operations in Netherlands by almost 20%. The ingredient or the formulation 
business continues to be flat in the market as we have continued our strategy to 
move to higher value added products while reducing our sales to lower value or low 
margin products which we are phasing out.  

 
Page 3 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
Chintan Modi 
So this problem with the Netherlands business was it because more of the 
currency issue or we had seen decline from the volume perspective also? 
Kedar Vaze 
The global Fragrance and Flavor industry typically looks at growing by 4% to 5% 
CAGR . Last two or three years it has been soft which has led to overcapacity in 
the market place. The declining margins and declining volumes for the current 
market place. We will continue to invest and we have a program to invest in our 
domestic units in the next six to nine months which will allow us to be flexible on 
our operations. Netherlands is roughly 80% at an operating level today kind of 
capacity utilization. 
While today we are at low capacity utilization of 45% in India, we do not have 
enough capacity to absorb the entire Netherlands operations at one go. So we will 
add some capacity and be ready for both options either the global economy and 
growth is restored to normal growth or fast growth in which case we have the 
capacity for that. Or we can operationally have flexibility to change the operations 
to merge or reduce the operating locations or cost savings thereof. 
So we will invest to be prepared for both options. We can be ready for future 
growth and if the growth does not come in we will operationally move the 
productions around to have the right production at the right location and be able to 
bring better operating efficiencies. 
Chintan Modi 
So going ahead do you see that this issues will be there in FY18 also or you 
continue with your projections of 17% to 18% kind of growth in the overall 
fragrance business? 
Kedar Vaze 
The topline decline which has happened is already in the numbers. I do not see 
there will be further erosion beyond the 20% which has happened in the global 
markets. So we will continue to grow on a normal trajectory. 
Chintan Modi 
Coming to the gross margins we have seen significant improvement in the quarter 
but I can see that in the base quarter also that is 3Q FY16 there was some good 
amount of gross margin expansion compared with previous trajectory. So do you 
think there is some peculiarity with product mix in third quarter or there is 
something else to it? I mean it is more from a sustainable perspective? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, I think it is sustainable. As we are growing our operating efficiencies kick in and 
we continue to improve our margin. And we have benefitted from making contracts 
at the right time on some of the raw materials and so on and so forth. So I think the 
operating margins of 20% EBITDA level is what we aspire and we are targeting on 
a longer term. 
Chintan Modi 
And last two questions. One is whether the impact of demonetization that I think 
was not seen much but considering that we are into a B2B business, do we expect 
any kind of impact in the fourth quarter? 
Kedar Vaze 
Our domestic business, both Flavor and Fragrance, has seen an impact of 
demonetization. So the momentum prior to the first week of November was even 
better. The business was running at a better growth rate. Post demonetization 
while the overall number for the year-to-date does not seem to be affected. It is 
substantially lower growth than the first half of the year or the first 45 days of the 
quarter. So there is an effect on demonetization in terms of a slowdown. But prior 
to that we were at a 14% or 15% kind of a revenue growth quarter-on-quarter. This 
quarter we were at 9% or 7% when you take in to account the ingredient. 

 
Page 4 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
So this is the result of definite slow down due to the demonetization in this quarter. 
And we see that there is a generally uncertain environment in terms of product 
launches particularly new launches. So the fourth quarter which normally is our 
strongest quarter launches in for the summer and the next year’s budget for most 
of the companies come in. I think this year we are witnessing a slowing pace of 
new products coming to the market and therefore we are observing the market. 
There is a clear effect of demonetization. 
Chintan Modi 
And coming to this encapsulation technology that we have acquired. One thing I 
wanted to understand how do we see it going ahead I mean in terms of 
applications what is the kind of market and what kind of value does it bring on for 
us? 
Kedar Vaze 
So there are two models to exploit the encapsulation technology - One is the 
technology becoming in-house. This technology has been around for some years 
particularly in Europe and America. In the other model, the technology is 
outsourced by the fragrance companies / final use companies from technology 
experts. We will be making this technology in house which will allow us to jointly 
develop the fragrances together with the technology experts. 
So it is combined to give us the best synergy and best use of the technology in 
fragrant applications. The immediate markets are all fabric softener and liquid  
detergent and body wash or any liquid format of fragrance. FMCG is an immediate 
application for this technology. 
Chintan Modi 
Can you name some products where this technology is being currently used in 
India? 
Kedar Vaze 
So this is not yet used in India. This technology is prevalent globally and definitely it 
is used in things like fabrics softener and liquid detergents on a global basis. I do 
not think it has been adopted in India at this point and we are the early movers in 
that. 
Chintan Modi 
But I believe that since this technology brings some value addition would the price 
of the end product or the price of the fragrance that we will supply will go up 
significantly so it would be targeted only for the luxury or the premium kind of 
customers? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, I think, at the moment, the way the technology is being used globally, it is 
targeted at the premium customers. We have some development around that 
which will enable us to target low cost or popular segments of the market as well. 
And that is the exciting part of the partnership with Tanishka Products which is to 
bring this technology at a cost level where it can be commercialized such that 
popular or even sub-popular categories can avail of this technology. 
So we are not looking at one more technology which is already there in the global 
world but to innovate to bring in this kind of technology at a price point which is not 
really currently available in the market. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Lakshmi Narayanan from 
Catamaran. Please go ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
A couple of questions. What is the repeat business for you in fragrances? And 
second if I look at the turnover from fragrances and split in to three which is new 
business from existing customers, new business from new customers and old 
business. What will be the kind of split there? And then pertaining to fragrances. 

 
Page 5 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
How many of the customers you are a sole source supplier for that particular brand 
or that particular fragrance and how much that contributes to your overall fragrance 
revenue? And then I have another question related to the flavors. In India who is 
the next immediate competitor for you in terms of flavors, are you looking at 
Synthite as a competitor or who are the others who are actually doing the similar 
things? These are my questions related to fragrances and flavors. 
Kedar Vaze 
I may not answer all your questions point-by-point. I will answer you in a summary 
so all the questions get covered so that you have an understanding. If you still have 
further question then you can ask me. I think in terms of Fragrances, barring the 
products out of Netherlands almost 85% of our Fragrance products are unique 
proprietary products and our company is the only company that makes it. And the 
brands and FMCG companies are buying it exclusively from us. So there is a one-
to-one relation between what we are selling and what they are buying in both ways. 
 
On your question in terms of new customer, new business within India - by and 
large we are already a supplier to almost all the FMCG companies. So there is very 
few new customer acquisition and we continue to supply new products to all of the 
companies which in the last three years has been roughly 13% of our revenue has 
come from new products. So this is an ongoing process with all the customers. 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
You said 13%? 
Kedar Vaze 
13% of our revenue today this year would be of products which are new products 
developed in the last three years. And that is an ongoing cycle as new products are 
introduced in the market. Your question on Flavors, I am not particularly 
knowledgeable about the activities of Synthite in Flavor. So our main competition in 
Flavors are the big four flavor companies Givaudan, Symrise, IFF and Firmenich 
and to some extent Takasago. These are the global five companies which are also 
present in India. And we look at them as our main competitors in the Flavor market. 
 
There are various smaller companies with niche customers and products across 
India which we look as their competitors but they are not really competing on all the 
flavor segments. 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
Sir, and I see that there is a movement towards the so called non-chemical based 
fragrance or flavors, right. Now do you actually see that as an opportunity and what 
kind of contribution you actually would be getting from those things which are 100% 
natural? And then the other question which I had is that when it comes to 
negotiations how often do you actually negotiate the prices for example 85% of 
your business? 
Kedar Vaze 
So in terms of the question on naturals yes, there is a definite trend towards natural 
products and trend towards Ayurveda. Just that we already have an Ayurveda 
extraction unit within our group which enables us to offer this Ayurveda or natural 
products to our customer. We will further enhance our offerings in the natural 
space particularly on the flavor side. We are amongst the first company in India to 
make fully natural flavors and offer that on extensive range of natural flavors to our 
customers for various applications. So this is an ongoing trend we are aware of it, 
we are working in that trend. 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
And also globally Givaudan, Symrise their end consumers are also demanding 
natural modes of fragrance as well as flavors? 
Kedar Vaze 
So I think in general, globally there is a trend towards naturals in wellness and 
beauty products. It is a global trend. Within that each economy and each cost point 
has a different reality. So if you look at let us say a Jasmine flower extract that will 

 
Page 6 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
cost you Rs. 3 lakhs, Rs. 4 lakhs a kilo which is prohibitive and it cannot be used in 
isolation. So it needs to be combined with other natural and synthetic products to 
make it commercially viable. So yes, there is a definite trend towards naturals. I 
would not say 100% natural is still economically unviable for many products. But 
there is a definite trend towards more natural content and more natural actives in 
the product. 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
And the last question on the negotiation. How often the cycle is, do you negotiate 
once in a year or once in three years? 
Kedar Vaze 
Typically once in a year. But it is not a hard bound basis. We will negotiate if there 
is a change in the economics or change in the raw material prices we will go back 
to the customer and negotiate. But typically once a year is a typical cycle. 
Lakshmi Narayanan 
And the operating margins enhancement you have got in the last one year, how 
much you can actually explain due to the price negotiations and how much is the 
product mix? 
Kedar Vaze 
So the operating margin improvement I would say there is improvement on the 
product mix which is roughly half of the operating margin improvement which is a 
conscious call where we got rid of some of the low value products. The other part is 
in terms of our R&D so we have continuously invested to improve our operating 
efficiencies and supply chain and we have made processes to make some of these 
products at a more economical cost by doing contract farming or doing in-house 
processing. So another percentage point improvement is actually attributable to our 
R&D efforts in internally improving the cost base. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jignesh Makwana from 
AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Makwana 
Sir, can you quantify the service income for this quarter? 
Kedar Vaze 
It is Rs. 11 crore. 
Jignesh Makwana 
And sir, can you break down the flavor sales between the organic sales STT and 
overseas revenue from the flavors? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, I will get you the numbers. Just to put in context. The organic revenue growth 
for flavors was 30% combined, 22% in the domestic and 33% for the International 
business. 
Jignesh Makwana 
For this quarter? 
Kedar Vaze 
This quarter. And the year-to-date it was 26% for domestic and 70% for 
international, organic growth. 
Jignesh Makwana 
And sir, we have been acquiring business in the flavor segment for almost like one 
year. But most of them are relatively small in size. So can we expect some sizeable 
or scalable acquisition in the Flavor business? Is this the lack of opportunity of 
targeting the flavor market? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think we will continue to look at tuck-in acquisitions, if you look at our acquisition 
of HTT for example while the business was small in overall picture it is sizeable in 
relation with our Flavor Domestic Sales. So it was almost equal size or 80% of our 
domestic sales. It was a quite a sizeable acquisition from operations and 

 
Page 7 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
improvement point of view. As we continue to grow our Flavor business our 
appetite for larger acquisitions will also be better. 
Jignesh Makwana 
So what kind of ticket size we are targeting, it will be Rs. 50 crore to Rs. 100 crore 
or more than Rs. 100 crore in flavor segment? 
Kedar Vaze 
So we are I think rather than on the smaller side each one we will look at a 
strategic fit and synergy and we will evaluate. We have no sweet spot but I would 
just say that we would not look at an acquisition which is bigger than our revenue in 
terms of Flavors. 
Jignesh Makwana 
And sir, margin in flavor business improved substantially. So I think the 25% level 
is norm for flavor business or can we expect some more improvement or some 
decline from here onwards or some decline in the margins? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think I would say long term we are still looking at a 20% margin level for EBITDA 
on a consolidated level. And different businesses would typically be between 18% 
and 22% margin profile. 
Jignesh Makwana 
No, I am talking about particularly the flavor business what is the margin? So this 
quarter I think you have reported some 29% EBIT margin. So I think it has 
improved substantially on QoQ basis as well as YoY basis. So can we expect the 
similar improvement or it will settle down at 25% level over the next say three, four 
quarters? 
Kedar Vaze 
If you look at it we have grown the overall business in organic and inorganic by the 
year-to-date almost 110%. So you have a huge amount of growth and therefore a 
huge amount of operating leverage has kicked in in this year. And now year-on-
year we will aspire to keep the margin profile as best as possible. We will also 
continue to invest more money in R&D and sales and development so that we 
balance the margin for today and the growth opportunity for tomorrow. So long 
term view we will still look at a 20% level to be susintable. 
Jignesh Makwana 
And sir, last question. How is the working capital cycle for the December month 
ending? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think the working capital cycle for December I would just put a rider that because 
of the demonetization lot of the stock which would normally have moved were still 
lying with the company as on the 31st of December. But it is not a fair comparison 
vis-à-vis the normal quarter ending. Having said that we have been at the same 
level of 150, 159 or 160 days of sales as net working capital and Rs. Rs 430 crore 
as net working capital. Large part of that is in inventory around 90% across the 
group. 
So our target was to continue to bring down the inventory as a result of our 
improvements in the supply chain. We have had an effect of demonetization where 
the finished goods which we normally would expect to be sold in November and 
December have not got sold. So we have I would estimate Rs. 10 crore to Rs. 15 
crore increase in the working capital by the end of December which is a one-off 
issue. And we will continue to bring down the working capital going forward. We 
have also operationalizing the Singapore hub as a buying and sourcing hub so that 
we can further benefit from synergies of buying in consolidated terms. 
Jignesh Makwana 
And sir lastly, the flavor segment breakup between organic sales, HTT and 
overseas operations? So you have mentioned the growth rate I think the sales mix, 
if you can just? 

 
Page 8 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
Kedar Vaze 
You want the absolute number? 
Jignesh Makwana 
Yes, it will be really helpful. 
Kedar Vaze 
The domestic flavor which is the quarter 3 number is Rs. 6.5 crore which is 21% 
over last year same quarter. And the export flavor is Rs. 15.8 crore which is 33% 
over last year. HTT was Rs. 6 crore for this quarter. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Niket Shah from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Niket Shah 
Kedar, just a few questions from my end. Wanted to know within the domestic 
revenue growth of 15% that you have seen any specific category that you have 
seen which has grown at a faster pace because most of the listed companies in the 
FMCG space would have reported better than expected numbers but would have 
been much more subdued because of demonetization. So any specific categories 
stood out for you? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, I think no specific category was different in this quarter it sustained as in earlier 
quarters. One I would say, that the specific product mix so within the category there 
are type of customers the large customer and the very small customers who are 
more affected by demonetization. 
Niket Shah 
And on the opportunity of the ingredient part of the business you had mentioned 
obviously the restructuring of moving away from Netherlands and moving to India 
largely in Vapi and within Vapi looking at opportunities of outsourcing where 
obviously you will look at larger bag size orders being manufactured in-house and 
smaller bag size being outsourced. Just wanted to get a sense on how is that plan 
happening, is it likely to accelerate over a period of next 12 months or is that on a 
slow footing? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, we will accelerate that and we have plans to deploy and put the operating 
efficiency plans in right away. So we are going ahead with the necessary 
investments and plans to our next year budget. And we will continue to implement 
that as soon as possible being ready for the future. 
Niket Shah 
So it is safe to assume 12 months would be a good time for all of this to get over 
and the benefits to start seeing 12 month down the line? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think 12 to 18 months. There are a lot of variables which we need to consider. 
Niket Shah 
And the final question on the point that you just mentioned on the sourcing from 
Singapore. If you can just elaborate is it more of like you mentioned that the 
sourcing? 
Kedar Vaze 
It is a supply chain efficiency target measure. So we will combine our buying in one 
location and we will keep our excess inventory hedging stock in one location rather 
than multiple operating locations. That allows us to keep same amount of inventory 
and service more businesses. 
Niket Shah 
At this point in time what was the status was it being sourced from multiple 
locations? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, it is actually at this point that the supply chain is organized plant-by-plant. So 
each plant does its own supply its own procurement and own stock of buffer stock 
and future inventories. We will combine the buffer stock. 

 
Page 9 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
Niket Shah 
So this is become more like centralized sourcing benefitting the purchase of raw 
material cost or it is just supply chain management efficiency and nothing to do 
with raw material benefit that you would get? 
Kedar Vaze 
Our sourcing is already there. This is more working capital management. So if I 
combine the inventories in one location we will see operating plants as and when 
they need to keep separate inventory. So the same say 50 tons I can look at the 
peak demand or variability in two plants rather than keeping 50 or 30 tons in two 
locations. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Suvarna Joshi from SMC 
Global Securities. Please go ahead. 
Suvarna Joshi 
I had one question on the fragrance encapsulation technology. You mentioned that 
we have acquired this particular company Tanishka Products to avail of the 
superior technology specifically for the domestic market. If I understand that 
correctly. So with this technology will we also stand to be better placed in the global 
markets as compared to the other players who are offering this technology? And is 
this technology globally offered by Givaudan, Firmenich, Symrise and the likes? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, this technology has been around for almost 15 to 18 years in the developed 
world in America and in Europe it is already been used. It is also been applied in 
Southeast Asia to some extent. What we are saying is not that the technology 
alone the technology which is current state of technology we are acquiring. But we 
have also our own development program which has given us some proof of 
concept of improving the technology to a cost level where it will be a breakthrough 
cost proposition. So that is really what we are trying to take in this. 
We will take the technology we have improvement which we have already done at 
a proof of concept. We will use the synergy of this in terms of a fragrance which is 
co-designed with the technology rather than separately designed and fitted to the 
technology. And that will enable us to drive our synergies and drive cost structure 
of this technology to where it can be sold at the price points in India and in Asia. 
Suvarna Joshi 
Sir, just adding to the other question on the same point was it has been mentioned 
that we will be paying some additional amount at the end of five years. So based 
on the business that we do have we decided upon any percentage payout at the 
end of five years or something of that, sir? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, so this is an entrepreneurship model which we are incubating. So it is typical 
model used for technology incubation. We have acquired 51% of the company and 
the technology. So we have a 100% ownership of the technology. We will work with 
the current team of founder chief if I may call or the current technology people 
along with our people which will further use and commercialize this technology and 
the final payout of the technology will happen post commercialization at a period 
five years down the line. 
Suvarna Joshi 
Yes, so is it going to be some percentage basis that we will be looking at or? 
Kedar Vaze 
The current owners or current partners continue to hold 49% in the JV share in the 
technology which will be valued at the end of five years on a pre-agreed valuation 
metrics. 
Suvarna Joshi 
Sir, my second question was you mentioned in your initial comments about some 
gains in market share in the flavors business if I recall that rightly. So could you just 

 
Page 10 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
help us with what the market share stands at today and what it was may be in Q2 
of FY17 and Q3 of FY16? 
Kedar Vaze 
We do not track market share quarter-on-quarter. I think the market is being 
growing at 10% to 12% estimated for this year. We are growing at 21%. So there is 
a gain in the market share. I do not have an exact number which I can point out. 
We do not have that study or that number. What we are tracking is growth faster 
almost twice that of the general market. 
Suvarna Joshi 
So sir, what would you allude this growth in the flavors business besides the HTT 
acquisition? I mean have we got access to new customers or are we I mean 
providing new flavors to the existing customers or what would that be? 
Kedar Vaze 
Continuing to develop new flavors we are continuing to add more people on the 
ground and reach customers which we did not have earlier. So across the country 
we have put and deployed 14 people and 4 offices in North India, South India, East 
India and that the national network for sales. This is actually the reason the 
business is growing and we continue to invest in growing this business. 
Suvarna Joshi 
And the last question sir was on the Southeast Asian markets. I think a couple of 
quarters in one of the previous con call you had mentioned that we will be looking 
to grow our international business by focusing on the Southeast Asian 
geographies. So could you just help us with some update on that front? 
Kedar Vaze 
We continue to grow our business there. In the Southeast Asia there are 
businesses, our business is continued to grow there. It is that in dollar terms $15 
million more or less for this year. We have certain businesses in Southeast Asia 
which was catering to the Africa demand. So products were made in Southeast 
Asia particularly Indonesia and exports out to African countries. That has been 
somewhere where there is decline in the demand. And to that extent we have 
declined sales for our Africa consumption. The remaining consumption within Asia 
continues to grow at 20%. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vicky Punjabi from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Vicky Punjabi 
Sir, the first question was on the domestic fragrance segments. So we have seen 
some sharp slowdown in this quarter on account of demonetization. How is the 
trends been during this quarter sir? Are we seeing some kind of an improvement? 
Kedar Vaze 
It is too early to comment on that there is it is back to normal or what is the status. 
We keep hearing that some of the brand launches are postponed or have missed 
the board. So that is something we are keeping watching carefully. I would not 
want to comment either ways we have seen some normalization in January, good 
momentum with some customers, not so favorable business with other. So I would 
not make a general comment wait and watch. 
Vicky Punjabi 
And sir secondly, on the cashless side I mean when I was going through your 
slides there was this cash from investing activities where you probably spent 
around Rs. 99 crore during the year. If I had to leave all the acquisitions aside that 
would probably be HTT, Rasiklal and the Gujarat Flavors which would come up to 
around Rs. 45 crore to Rs. 50 crore. We still have a balance of around Rs. 45 crore 
to Rs. 50 crore spent extra. What would be that related to? 
Kedar Vaze 
So it is I think if you look at the acquisitions we have done acquisitions of roughly 
Rs. 92 crore or Rs. 93 crore in the four acquisitions. We have paid out already 

 
Page 11 of 11 
 Q3 & 9M FY2017 Concall Transcript 
advance to Gujarat Flavors which is not yet in our revenues with a Rs. 12 crore 
was paid out in this period. We have Rs. 33 crore roughly on the RHAPL 
acquisition, Rs. 23 crore to Rs. 24 crore on the HTT acquisition. So this is entirely 
Rs. 90 odd crore is the acquisition. 
Vicky Punjabi 
So I thought that Rasiklal was around Rs. 5 crore and the balance Rs. 25 crore 
were largely cash? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, it was cash. So from a cash flow point of view we have to account having paid 
it out. And then it comes in your balance sheet as a cash in hand. So cash flow 
point of view it is cash out. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference call over to the management for their closing remarks. Thank 
you and over to you. 
Kedar Vaze 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about 
company feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again for 
taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of SH Kelkar & Company Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
- ENDS – 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
