Huhtamaki PPL Ltd.
(formerty The poper producfs [td.)
centraf Headquarters:L'B.s'Marg,Majiwade,Thane-4oo60l.Maharashtra, lndia.Tel No.: +91 (22)21735591 /5551,FaxNo: +g1 (22)21735599/5650
Reg & corp' off': 124-06, B-wing, 13th Floor, Parinee crescenzo, c-38/39, G-Block, Bandra Kurla complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 4000s1, Maharashtra, India
Tel No: +91 (22)6174 0400 FaxNo: +91 (22)61740401 126531310, CIN No: L21011MHlSSOFLC1+sse7, website: www.pptpack.com
28th Februa ry,2OIZ
The Department of Corporate Services
BSE Limited
P J Towers, Dalal Street,
MUMBAT - 400 001
Fax N o. : (0221 227 2 3I2I/ 37 L9 / 2037
corp. relations(O bseind ia.com
Ref: Security Code No.: 509820
Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400 051
Fax. No. (022)26598237 / 8
cmlist@nseindia.com
Ref: PAPERPROD
sub: Transcript of conference call held on 22nd February,2oLT
Dear Sir/Madam,
lFurther to our intimation dated L5th February,2O77 in relation to the conference call on the
lFinancial results of the Company for the quarter/ year ended 31't December,2O1,6, please
1[ind enclosed herewith Transcript of the said conference call held on 22'd February,2OIT for
vour perusal/records.
l(indly take the same on your records.
lfhanking you,
\/ours faithfully,
For Huhtamaki PPL Ltd.,
Company Secretary & Head - Legal
Encl: As above
Huhtamaki -PPL

Event Date / Time
Ilvent Duration
Presentation Session
Transcript
Conference Call of Huhtamaki ppl Limited
Page 1
22no February 2017,03:00 pM IST
52 min 43 sec
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the
Huhtamaki PPI- Limited 4Q cY16 eainings confJrence calt hosted by Aditya Birla
Money' As a reminde-r, all parlicipant tines-will ue in ttre-tisten only mode. Later there
will be an oppoftunity for you to ask questions after the pr sentation concludes. please
note that this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr.
Jaymin Trivedi of Aditya Birra Money. Thank you and over to you sir.
Jaymin Trivedi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. we wercome you to
the 4Q cY16 erarnings conferencb call for Huhtamaki ppl'Limited i"d"y from the
management we have Mr. Parag Vyavahare, who is the cFo or ilre compani. To start
with the call, we will have a briei update from sir on the reiults, after which we will open
the floor for quer;tions. Over to you sir.
Parag vyavahare 
Thank you Jaymin. Good afternoon ladies and genlemen.
Thank you for breing patient and th-ank you for joining ,i on this call. The quarterly and
whole year results, which we have puolisheo iesterEan th"y "r" 
I think wiitr att of you.
so, I willjust quir:kly cover the key points in ttre whot" vLbi. performance.
This year results were impacted by various factors. On one side, we had the e1, which
went quite well because of the low raw material prices, which reatty hetpeJ Js in that
quarter and the rSrowth was okay. Profitability was quite good a2 ind e3 were really
soft' The raw material prices situation was veiy volatile an-o tt.'"y *"r" .hrtt"nges on the
profitability and as we entered the Q4 and in ttre mioole of the e4, we saw the
demonetization r:oming in -and hitting. so, as a result it *" really look at it as a
consolidated entity, on proforma basis, considering the last year and the whole year
performance of the Positive vis-d-vis the current year and everything put together, we
have roughly grown on.sa.res, on roughry proforma o"ii. ov 3.4vo,6n the,ihor" y"",
basis. However, if we look at only th; 04 compared to1rr6 e3, we are down by 6%.
And that is primarily driven by the demonetization effect, *;.'i"t.' really hurt us. However,
if one looks at the PBT, the whole year, our PBT is ,p Li around 216/o andthe pAT is up
by around, close to around 9.go/o-101o.
so' overall I will say it has been a very satisfactory situation, because considering the
fact that were challenges on the exporis market wittr ttre oil situation and the iurrency
crisis continuing in many of the markets, primarily the African markets, where we are
predominantly exporting. Those were the challenges. so, the trading conJitions in
those economies were very difficult. And despite thit I thi;k we have managed to hold
our water in those markets and managed to keep our export line largely it"i] so, tn"t t
think is a positivr: feature. Even tha-t at circumstances when the domestic situation
Transcript - Conte

Page 2
turned adverse. obviously we had some challenges in the Q4. But, I think overall I will
iril';]tu" 
have been able to come through witn tris trme"plrioo r""rbn"oiy quite or<ay, r
H*lilr'#:J,,llr'5: 
to throw the rloor open ror the questions rrom the parlicipants.
Question and Answer Sessron
Participants, if you have any questions, prease press * and 1 on your terephone keypad.
I repeat, if you have any questions, prease press * and 1 on your terephone keypad.
sir' the first querstion comes from Mr. Rajesh Ranganathan from Toric capital. please
go ahead.
Raiesh Ranganathan: Thanks a rot for arranging this cail. Heilo?
Parag Vyavahare:
Yeah, yeah, I am here. I am listening Mr. Ranganathan.
Raiesh Ranganathan: so, for the e4 and for the fuil year, can you give us an
understanding of the break up between the domestic and 
""po,t 
sares?
Parag vyavahare: . 
sorry, I rost you. courd you repeat, because in between
there was ceftain changes.from ttre opeiator side. so, your sentences were cut. so,
could you repeat that question please?
Rajesh Ranganathan: yeah. For e4 and for the fuil year, what is the break up
between domestic and export sales?
gr.own.roughly by this thing. So, if you lo
llll.g, I think the exports proportion maybe
26%.
Rajesh Ranganathan: And in terms of your exports, do you export direcily or
through Huhtamaki now or global?
Parag vyavahare; 
No, no, we primariry export direcfly. we primariry export
directly. Direcfly.
Transcript C

Page 3
Raiesh Ranganathan: And is there a difference in the product mix margrns and
things like that, between domestic and exports?
Parag vyavah'are; There is some. There is some. Because, the kind of the
servicing cost iand challenges which you fa
terms of the quality and service stanbaros
Rajesh Ranganathan: And with oir. prices now having gone up compared to the
lows at the same time rast year, what is the impact on our margins going ahead?
Parag vyavahare 
lve as a poricy, we unfoftunatery Mr. Ranganathan, we do
not give any guidance. So, I won't be'abre-tc comment on iirt question.
Raiesh Ranganathan: No, not from a guidance perspective, but from a strategic
perspective, how did it impact our marginJ historicaiiy 
"i-'o ho* wirr it impact in the
future?
down, because you are not able 
ass on the whole cost increase
impact to the customer. So, for so 
do get some amount of hit. But,
you do correct it over the period of 
eral situation.
:?;,?:XRangan'athan: 
But, did vou arso benefit when the oir prices fer quite sharpry
Parag Vyavahare:
Yes. That is what has really happened in the last year e4
down substantially and hence the raw
2015 and Q1 2016, when the oil prices went
material prices were very low, we did benefit.
Farag Vyavahare; 
Just give me a
guidance in terms of what kind of sustarn
what has generally been our endeavor has
can say is that, our EBITDA margins have rar
generally our endeavor wiil be to maintain them in that range.
Raiesh Ranganathan: And if you look at the debt currenily, we have roughly about
400 crores of debt or something like that?
Transcript - Con

Page 4
Parag Vyavahare:
Yes, yes.
Raiesh Ranganathan: what is the expectation going ahead, is that in rupees or is
that in dollars? ls it likelv to go down or go up going forward? what are the cApEX
plans?
Parag vyavahare 
The debt will primarily go down going fonruard. The debt will
go down' There is a small portion of debt whichls in the foreign currency, very small
portion' And the major portion of debt is in the rupee. nno we do not, at least as of now
our plans do not envisage any major increase in the box.
ok at our return on equity, we are roughly
a point of view of your long term targets, 
-l
eds to happen for you to reach say,-2}o/o_
Parag vyavahare; 
lt is too, too subjective. I don,t think I would be abre to
give.. . ...
re a significant scope for you to improve
y*ou to, you said margins cannot improve
tilization increase. So, is that the main
Parag Vyavahare; 
Yeah, the margins and the sale growth, those will typically be
the main drivers for the growth.
fiffi;'Ranganizthan: so, what would be the current capacity utilization do you
Parag vyavahare; 
We would be roughly at around, I will say around, of course it
Rajesh Ranganatha.n: okay. And if you rook at our top say, five customers, what
percentage of our sales are they?
Parag vyavahare: 
I willnot say top. five. I will say top fifteen customers roughly
will constitute roughly around 600/o of our sales.
Rajesh Ranganathan: okay. And what would be our market share within these
customers?
Parag Vyavahare 
lt will vary from customer to customer. But, generally it will
vary from the customer to customer. Few customers it could be high. But generally it
will be anywhere lcetween 2oo/o to 50%-60%. But, I am noilatking 
""oort oniit6e fifteen
Transcript - conferencffi

Page 5
customers, I am talking about in general I am talking of. That is where it generally
ranges.
Raiesh Ranganathan: okay. Because, if I look at the capacity utilization, say BO%
right now, that is already quite high, given. the seasonality. 'so, 
that means for us, to
improve the asset turn from the cuirenilevels, there is not that much room, isn,t it?
Parag vyavahare _^That is right. The present capacity, there is a small amount
(ayd1o break) maybe 7To-8o/o or maybL maximum 9% we can try to squeeze out from the
existing capacities, maximum we can squeeze out that much and not really more than
that.
Rajesh Ranganathan: Okay, go ahead.
Rgigsh Ranganath But, that goes back to my previous question, so in that sort
of situation, if you want to improve your return on equity, what are the levers in your
hand, because there is not that much room in the capacity utilization?
Raiesh Ranganathan: okay. Thanks for your feedback. I will follow up tater.
Thanks.
Parag Vyavahare; And also the debt reduction what we have been doing, that
also gives us a reasonably good trigger for improving the return on equity.
Rajesh Ranganathan: Okay, thank you.
Moderator 
Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Sunil
Kotharifrom Unique Investment consultancy. please go ahead.
Parag Vyavahare:
So, that is it.
Sunil Kothari:
Parag Vyavahare:
Thank you very much. Good afternoon parag_bhai.
Good afternoon.
you look at this acquisition of positive
s almost completed. So, broadly this benefit
othree years period, they are yet to come.
ovement in productivity or cost efficiency, if
not clear)?
Parag Vyavahare; 
The real synergy benefits were in three areas. One was the
market expansion or the more customer coverage and more extensive product portfolio.
That is one. But, unfortunately with the export markets being down and because of the
currency and the commodity pricing challenges, so the export markets have not afforded
Transcript - Conferencffi

Page 6
much of an opportunlty f9r the growth. so, that is why I mentioned export have
remained largely flat. so, that is on the one side. The other opporlunities primarily were
in the raw material sourcing. Because, once you optimize the resources and those
things, so that is one. nno ttriro would be on it"'" "-*p"n.". And fourth was on the
working capital management and cash flows. so, I wilt' ny the large amount of benefits
from these already has been derived. lt is not that and at is why you are able to see
the kind of results you are able to see today They do reflect tr.tatir.ring, -bJcause 
ttre
kind of debt reduction we have gone through in the iast two years is also a reflection of
that thing, plus the expenses efficiency, delpite the chalienges on the growth which we
have faced, the expense as a percentage to the sales have not grown, they rather have
come down' so, that is another arei where we have beneiited. nno ttre margin
pressure, despite these challenges and the sales growth being low in ihis 
-perioo, 
we
have been able to sustain. so, ttrat shows that w6 have been able to realize certain
benefits there, which have helped us in (not sure) tnrough ihe situation.
sunil Kothari: 
okay. And this market expansion and this new client
acquisition, plus new market because of these synergies, fine, that is a matter of time
where you will be definitely acquiring something ,br"."
Parag vyavahare; 
lt is not that we have not acquired any new clients, but new
clients we have kept on adding. But also wrrat trappens-i. tnrt when the growth rate of
many of these markets have come down., so what happens is that the effecj remaining is
subdued and you are not able to see that very clearly. 
'
sunil Kothari: 
so, what wiil be the focus area now? For growing this
company maybe over the next three-five years, new segments, any proiuct related
things you are developing,.any new or new market or. !o, feel onty'1ris-growtn in
volumes, only those can be the growth drivers? What are the... ... ?
Parag Vyavahare; 
lt will be all co.re areas, geographical expansion and trying to
expand in the various markets and trying. to incieaJe your hold in those markets,
acquiring new customers, launching innovalive product., *t'i.t.' can give giowth and at
the same time while being more cost efficient.
Sunil Kothari: 
okay. So, these are the areas in which you will be focusing
in next year and then onwards?
Parag Vyavahare; 
That is right.
sunil Kothari: 
And Parag-bhai, what about this webtech? Last year what I
understand is, it was little bit slow and very steady. How that segment parlicularly is
growing now?
Parag Vyavahare; 
The current year, the Webtech has performed quite well. In
the last year there were ceftain challenges, because prima facie as you tnow, webtech
operates in this pharma segment. nio in 2015 we had lot of challenges coming
because of the fact that many of the Indian pharma "*po't"r. faced chattenies with the
US FDA' So, that period there were challenges, because the derived demand which
was there for the packaging, obviously got affeited because of Indian "*porti-io the US
company, to the US markets had taken some amount of beating etc. But, current vear
Transcript-Confere@

Sunil Kothari:
segment?
Parag Vyavahare:
Sunil Kothari:
Sunil Kothari:
Moderator:
louder?
Sunil Kothari:
this HPPL to....?
raae I
we have been able to see a very nice turnaround. And the growth has been reasonable
and the profitabirity arso has seen good reoornJ.'v"ry gfo-Jrunound, I wiil say.
How do you see (audio break), particularly in this Webtech
It should grow quite, it should grow reasonably well.
Okay. And we have enough capacity there now?
we are adding capacity. So, it is
there are different applications and
re is opportunity for growth and the
ty.
consolidated quarter four margins, very
nan quarter three also. But, standalone we
or are we doing now enough effort
dalone margin, which has failen to g
exports, has been abre to betrer absorb ilrat enB#, i;if'J;rl"s 
the hishest proportion of
Fine. And last question parag_bhai.
sorry to interrupt sir. Mr. sunir, courd you prease be a ritfle
Okay. But, we are taking now enough effort for standalone,
sunil Kothari: 
And parag-bhai, what is your observation, how things are
moving now after this Novernber, De6mber event? Voruml is picking up or it will take,
what is your opinion?
Transcript - Con

Page 8
Parag vyavahare,i our understanding is that, even the Q1 2017 willhave some
effect' lt will have some effect. The effect wJll not vanish so quickly. For the effects to
;:1llj,:"'Ji,X#ll:e;"J;*;l,.eo$,, 
be abre to see " r".,onibry, the i,n".i gliiins rarsery
Right. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Ankit Gor
Please go ahead.
Ankit Gor: 
-. Thank you sir.for taking my question. sir, my question is
S[li"nttos 
to webtech first. whbt was the reveriu" r biro for webtech ino protits
Sunil Kothari:
Moderator:
from Systematics.
Parag Vyavahare:
entity.
second question is with regards to plpl,
lked in couple of quarters, s-ince couple of
rts. ls those challenges remains there or it
Parag Vyavaharej 
No, I will not sa
Ankit Gor: 
Got it sir. sir, it will be safe to assume that standalone
business was mainly lriven by webtech performance, which you had suggested that it is
a kind of a turnaround this quirter. so, is it safe to assume that?
Ankit, I would not rike to tark specificaily about any separate
Correct. So, in e4 as well plpl was not doing good or some
Parag Vyavahare:
Sorry, I didn't get your question very clearly Ankit.
Ankit Gor: 
. So sir, my question was, as you said standarone was
affected due to demonetization. ptpt-, stitt challenges'p"oi.t there. And whatever we
see some ray of hope coming in, in consol basis wai r"inry because of Webtecfr.
Parag vyavahare; 
No, I think onry if you are rooking at the e4 basis, yes both
webtech as well as the Positive performed quite well in this quarter and that h-as really
helped us maybe overcome some of those challenges 
-oi 
stanoalone business being
slightly down.
Ankit Gor:
respite was there'?
Parag vyavahare 
. No, it did quite okay rt did quite okay. And that is why we
are able to see a reasonabry good effect on the consoridaied resurts.
Ankit Gor: 
okay. sir, roughry our capacity currenfly stands at around
like a ton, if I am not wrong. what is the production number'for cy16 sir, in that case?
Transcript-Confere@

Page 9
Parag vyavahare 
ln terms right now Ankit I don't have that number in front of
me anyway, so you will have to excuse me forthat thin! and maybe y";;iii;r;e 1o......
Ankit Gor: 
okay sir. My next question is with regards to debt. sorry I
missed that par1. what does the current-debt stands at sirz'
:ir::rY!r";;{:{::." 
Just one second consotidated debt now is standins roushty
Ankit Gor: 
sir, and I also witnessed the scene that this short term debt
has reduced, shorl term borrowings have reducei orJicalrv. so, what was the
adjustment there or what was it sir, if-you can explain to us?
s basically vis_d_vis working capital
ially repaid off. So, now whitever is
which will get repaid over a period of
Parag vyavahare 
. yeah, very much, very much. so, the positive there which
we acquired was almost at the level of 250 crores. And today that debt has come down
to substantially to around 40 crores level.
Ankit Gor:
we acquired?
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
Okay. So, have we started paying the debt of plpl, which
And free cash flow was?
Free cash flow, how do you define the free cash flow?
So, what was the CApEX sir?
OAPEX was around 23 crores.
23 crores was the CAPEX, okay. So, probably 170 crores is
Yeah, 167 crores.
Sorry sir?
Ankit Gor:
Oh wow, that seems okay. Then in that case, cash
generation was decent, rigirt sir?
Yeah, yeah, cash generation was decent.
What was it? lf you can give us some amount their side?
Parag vyavahare 
Just one second. so, operating cash flow was something
like, in the year 2016 was around 190 crores.
Ankit Gor:
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
kind of the free cash flow
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
Transcript - Co

Page 10
Parag vyavahare: 
167 crores. But each one will take their own definition of the
free cash flow, that is why I wiil say that it is arways olti", to ast<.
Ankit Gor: 
Right sir. sir, my question was with regards to the new
Ii:ljt ill'th 
we have talked a-bout last quarter in the Eastern market. ilvt,"t is the status
Ankit Gor:
the business sir?
sir, after this what wourd be our capacity in frexibre side of
Parag vyavahare, 
T.he capacity roughry wiil go up by around, roughry you can
say around 4000 tons capacity should gb up.
Ankit Gor:
So, currently around a lakh capacity, right?
Parag vyavaharei 
yes, yes, whatever capacity we are having, you can add to
that thing the 4000 tons.
Ankit Gor:
Sir, I am asking what is the current capacity there sir?
Parag vyavahare.' 
No, you said lakh tons, like you mentioned. so, I said at the
same capacity, you can add that 4000 tons.
Ankit Gor:
Sir, lakh is the right figure to work with sir?
can say, more or less. What happens
pacity at times in tons is very misnomer. lt
Ankit Gor: 
Right sir, I absorutery get that. ,And sir, cApEX wourd be for
this facility would be around 65 crores, if I am not irrongt
Transcript - contffi_ 
Limrted

Page 1 1
Parag Vyavahare 
No, no, the CAPEX for these two facilities will be roughly in
the range of around, I will say around 45 crores.
Ankit Gor: 
45 crores. And apart from this, what would be the any other
CAPEX we have for the next two years?
Parag vyavahare; 
Yeah, we do have various capacities. of course we are now
h from there to, from the existing premtses,
space. So, we are trying to shift it to some
ing a reasonable large sum. And plus of
clear) either for the capacity balancrng or
be able to produce value added products
Ankit Gor: 
Sir, what would be the amount in terms of capital ouflay sir,
apart from this 45 crores?
Parag Vyavahare:
2017.
Ankit Gor:
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
amount, in CYlB?
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
volume numbers. In Q4
consol level?
we are looking at roughry around 120 crores of cApEX in
ln 2017?
Yeah, in FY17, calendar year 2017, we are looking at 120
crores of CAPEX, provided the market.
Yeah, totally get that sir. And in 2019 sir, what wourd be that
Right now we haven't frozen any numbers for 201g.
Okay. But, definitely lower than this what we have.
Right now I would not like to put any estimate on that.
No problem sir. Sir, my next question is with regards to the
how much volume declined because of demonetizlation at the
Parag Vyavahare.' Just one second. Ankit, I don't think I have got right now the
figure for Q3 to Q4, specifically on the volume. But, compared to the iast ylar e4, we
have grown by roughly around 5% or so.
Ankit Gor:
Parag Vyavahare:
Okay. So, last year Q4 to Q4, we increas ed bv So/o?
5o/o.
Ankit Gor: 
okay. And sir lastly, if you can help me with just the revenue
number of Webtech, because In every quarier, in every concall you mentioned the
revenue of Webtech.
Transcript - Conference Catt of Hufrtarnat<i ppL LimiteO

Ankit Gor:
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
Koushik Poddar:
products, is it?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, no, I didn't say margin, I said basically 2|o/o to 30% of
turnover comes from the new product.
Koushik Poddar:
Okay. And that ratio is normally maintained both the years?
Parag Vyavahare: -. 
In a year, it could be down by 1% or 2o/o or in a year it could
be up by this thing. That is why i said, it more tends to be in that range of 21o/oto 30%.
Koushik Poddar,: 
okay. And rasfly, a good amount of your rong term debt is
accounted for by borrowing from your parenicom-pany, right?
Page 12
Parag vyavahare; webtech is roughry around, today is around roughry 1 10
crores of business or slighfly lower than 1 10 irores.
Okay. So, you are talking about Cy16, right sir?
Yes, yes.
Okay sir. Thanks a lot. Thank you very much.
Moderator: 
.. . - - Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Koushik
Poddar from KB Capital l\4arkets. pl""s" go ahead.
Koushik 
Thank you. You have talked about the capital expenditure of
around 125 crores.this.year as agiinst around 35 crores last year. can you tell me the
reason for the sudden increase in capital expenditure i 
-
you have to go, the spare capacity wi
somewhere it is around compared tro m
able to catch another 150 crores to 160
existing capacity. lf I have to grow beyo
that is why we are looking at adding the
able to see the jump in this thing.
er my understanding, one of the levers for
of innovation. So, can you give a sense of
launched in the last three years, which
Parag vyavahare: 
Typically what we do is that, we generaily try to achieve a
mix of somewhere between z.s"t" to 3oo/o of our turnover shoutd come from these new
products. And generally we have been able to hit that ratic,.
And you normally maintain this margin 2so/o-3oo/o being new
Transcript-confereffi

Page 1 3
Koushik Poddar: 
so, is there any proposal from their end to reduce it or to
convert into equities or something of that sort?
debenture. So, there is no
completely ruled out. Now,
January 2015. So, this loan
ve a prepayrnent option after one year.
Parag Vyavahare:
Yes, yes.
Koushik Poddar:
Okay. lf you have the requisite cash flow, you can repay off?
Parag vyavahare,: And if we feel comfortable and if we feel that, okay, I did not
require that cash for other purposes and then I can, we can always do that.
Koushik Poddar:
Parag Vyavahare:
Koushik Poddar:
So, the option is at your end?
Option is at our end.
Okay. That is it. Thank you.
Moderator 
Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Udit from
Catamaran Capital. please go ahead.
udit:
is rike, when vou ':li1gt#:i: #:{.Idi,l'*'l,9,illl,lf;'"?H"fJ:,ilIffl?J"T'::i
You are looking at conversion margin, EBTTDA ,"rgin, iir." r..,o* are you deciding?
larag Vyavahare; This industry
industry works on what is known as the v
from the sales price whatever raw mater
that thing yor.r take a call, whether you are
he price.
Udit: 
okay' lt is basically you incorporate the total raw material
cost that you have to buy for the printing ano then yo, 
"uo 
some x p"r."r,t.ge of the
raw material cost, is that the right way sir?
Parag vyavahare; 
No, no. A very, very arbitrary exampre if I have to give you, if
a product to manufacture, the raw material cost is ret;stav Rs.70, I will generally, as a
very ballpark figure, generally I will be very comfortable lo sell this product anywhere
between Rs.97 to Rs.1O0.
And on the exports, as you mentioned
g from exports. So does the, is it like the
rs and then it says that, okay, this customer
going there and trying to win that customer, l#[ 
Huhtamaki India salei person who is
Transcript - Con

Page 14
udit: 
So, it will be possible that even in Africa as well, you might
be competing with one of your sister companies there?
onln", 
overall how it can be cooperative
udit: 
yeah, got it sir. And sir, many FMCG companies are tarking
about lot of sustainable packaginj so, any thoughts on t'"t regard, like how you are
seeing or how are you working wittr ttrem to identifyithis?
Parag vyavahare 
This depends on specifically the own approach of these
FMCG companies, as to how much they are comfortable. Because, this sustainable
packaging etc' that means a differeni kind of situation in terms of the whole
manufacturing processes, in terms of the cost structure. And also one has to look at it
or what kind of (not clear) etc. it mean and
upon that thing, we do have knowledge
, it is really too early in the case of the
ment on that side, I will say.
Udit: 
ln HUL India I think has made a comment that they are trying
to reduce -the plastic wastage and just wanted to have your thoughts like, is that
already... ..?
Parag Vyavahare: 
. what happens is that, what one needs to understand is that
the packaging material-which they want is a specific tailor made product packaging
which we are making' so, if the customer designs, if he builds more' plasiic, i will have
to put that more plastic. rf he say no, he go.ein'q. wani prastic and he *"ni, iet,s say
more foil or more paper or some other material, I will have to put that material and to that
extent, it is the customer's call as to what kind of content he wants to have and hence
what he calls a sustainable or non-sustainable etc. So, n"."rre it is a tailor made
product' Somebody is.like, you go to the tailor and give'him, telling him that lwant a
cotton shitl, he will stitch a cotton shirt for you. lf somJbody goes to the tailor and says, I
want nylon shirt, he will make a nylon shirf for you.
Transcript - Conferenceffi

Page 1 5
Udit: 
Understood.
are you referring to premium product
premium I mean, like HUL is a premium
generally gives you a higher margin. ls t
internally defirre what the product mix is like?
ge of your revenues to come from
n, is it something like that? That is
udit:
structure, can voL, herp me SLiJ;,lii il: J":i%J:,ffiij|Ts iH 1"#i',3 il3Tg
of the next biggest competitor apafi from you?
would be Uflex. Uflex, they will be
be almost of equal size to us, I can
I players will be, typically they alt will
Transcript - Confereffil_imited

Page 1 6
udit: 
okay. And sir, once again on the margins, you mentioned
that you will try and keep the EBITDA margins or lrt". But, if I understand like, wnen
you are pricing your customer, you are pricing for gross margins and then it ii up to your
operational efficiency, whether you will be able to riaintain ttr"e e gtron margin.,'-rigl..,tz
Parag Vyavahare:
udit:
Parag Vyavahare:
Vipul Shah:
will go up?
Parag Vyavahare:
Sure, absolutely. Absolutely.
Thanks a lot for this.
Moderator 
Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Vipul
Shah from Sumangal Investment. please go ahead.
Vipul Shah 
Hi sir. Can you give separate operating margins for all three
entities, Positive, Webtech and standalone?
Parag Vyavahare:
No Mr. Shah, it would not be possible.
vipul Shah 
- But, you are going to merge it very soon, but still at least you
will not like to share that?
Parag vyavahare; 
No, for practicar purposes, we are rooking at it as one
enterprise from our perspective. And we w( uid not like to talk about ttne"margins of the
three enterprises in three different... ..
vipul Shah" 
Can you give any broad indication, how much margins are
higher for Positive as compared to standalone? 
r
No, I would not like to put any guess on that thing.
And sir, with this 125 crores of CApEX, how much capacity
As I mentioned, our capacities will go up by roughly around
4000 tons to 5000 tons per annum.
VipulShah:
Once this 125 crores CAPEX is complete?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Yeah, because lot of this CAPEX also is for upgradation of
the equipments or for capacity balancing or for adding new formats of mlaterials, so
which will not lead to substantial increaseln capacity. TEat is why I mentioneo it is 4000
to 5000.
Vipul Shah" 
okay. And lastly sir, now since GST seems to be becomrng
a reality, what impact will GST have on our company?
Parag Vyavahare; lt is slighfly pre 
he
GST law is still to be out. Varioui factors 
nd
material and to the FMCG indust
broad principle *t"'rcfr you can kee 
l:
hence, in our case the indirect tax
Transcript - Conference catt ffi

Moderator: 
Thank you sir. participants are requested to ask two
questions in the initiar round and may join the queue Jgain for more questions.
li:J:" 
question comes from Mr. Bharath Bhagnani, an Individuat tnvestor. ptease go
Bh1lath Bhagnani: 
Hello sir. I just wanted to ask that, since you said that there
will be a capacity expansion whereby ybu will oe spenoirrg about 125 crores, so is itfair
to assume that we are not looking at any more acquisitioni or how is it?
Vipul Shah:
Parag Vyavahare:
Parag Vyavahare:
talk on that thing.
Bharath Bhagnani:
Parag Vyavahare:
Page '17
Okay sir. Thank you and all the best for the future.
Thank you.
As of now there are no specific plans or nothing specific to
Bharath Bhagnani: okay so, you are not rooking activery at any, acquiring any
other capacity, since you are puiting up-your own capacity?
Bharath Bhagnani.: . . okay. And sir, just one rast thing. During the
demonetization period, how is the industry as a whole been impacted, if at all?
Parag vyavahare: .what really happened if you see, I think the impacts are in
the form that the real major effect what we are able to see is that the prices really
got""'because t 
able to, the ultimate consumers were finding it
difficult because 
o purchase from retailers on one side. On the
second side, the 
it very difficult to pay to the distributors and the
wholesalers. So
order frows back to the FMCG .orp"ni"", ff^iJ31""1,ffi-il:*T3flo',5;rsfr5Lil li:
consequent effect came on us, because as their sJles siarted going down and they were
getting into a bit of a destocking situation or reducing their production, their order flows
to us came down.
Bharath Bhagnani: okay. Was there any order flows from others....from some
smaller companies, who were maybe not able to deliver at that point in time?
Parag vyavahare; 
Not much, not much.. smail pruses or minuses keep on
happening, but it is very difficult to discern a specific pattern out of it.
Parag Vyavahare:
Yeah, that is right. That is right
Okay. Thank you sir.
Thank you.
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Udit from
Catamaran Capital. please go ahead.
Transcript - Conference etl oiHuhtamaki ppL Ltrflted

Page 1 8
Udit: 
Hi sir. I just wanted another question. Sir, when there is
more, which cafton based packaging or generally flexible packaging is there more scope
for value addition, ljust wanteO tJ uiOerstand that?
Parag vyavahare: . 
sorry, your voice has got srighfly bugred up, so r courdn,t
understand your question. can you repeat your quJstion filease?
udit: 
sir, if I compare between cartons based packaging and
flexible packaging, generaily where is more scope for varue addition?
Parag Vyavahare; Cafton is a v
differentiation really doesn't matter for me,
cartons surely will be just around 1% of the
flexible packaging manufacturer. Carton is
portfolio to me. So, I really can't comment as to, whether the caftons give me better
margins or flexible gives me better margin. That really is not just relevant.-
udit:
was my.....
udit:
the carton industry, there are not many
difficult to offer comments on what is the
ther that has been the problem of the both
e packaging industry is a very fragmented
ss players in the public space.
udit: 
okay. And how do you see the growth of the frexibre
industry over the next year, like where do you see the "nJ o"m"nd? Which industry is
driving the end demand in both?
Parag Vyavahare; As the penetra
the demand for the ready to eat, ready to
serve packs is increasing, that is where we
also, to some extent if it (not clear) which k
demand for more and more utility oriented p
products etc. and for those kinds of packaging, the demand is going up.
Just from my understanding of the overail industry rever that
Okay, thanks a lot. That is it.
Moderator 
Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Ankit Gor
from Systematics. Please go ahead.
Ankit Gor: 
Hi sir. Thanks again. sir, my question is again on debt
sir"'sorry on CAPEX side, just to confirm tliis, sir next year 125 crores CApEX will
include this 45 crores of cApEX we are setting up capacity, correct?
Parag Vyavahare; yes, yes.
Ankit Gor: 
So, for flexible it will be around 45 crores, for flexible and
remaining for Webtech.
Transcript - Conferenceffi

Page 19
Parag vyavahare.' No, no. sorry, r think you are srighfly getting this thing.
Three facilities what we are doing, which is the flexible factory in North East, the sikkim
factory and the relocation or the ieconstruction of the new factory for webtech. All that
put.together roughly is going to be around 65 crores. And remaining 60 crores will be
basically for capacity eT,PSltjgnr upgradation or adding new tormat et6. tnat is how you
will look at it and that will I think be'riore appropriate.
Ankit Gor: 
okay, that is the rerocation and everything. And sir, if you
can elaborate now relocation, that is what you are shiftinj Mahape Weotecrr facility to
shifting where sir actually, other area means?
Parag Vyavahare; 
Yeah, other thing will basically be adding machinery to the
existing factory or adding some balancing (n-ot clea4 or ieptacing few-old equipments or
adding some capacities for new formats, 6asically 
"nitity 
to-build -on the curieni'portrotio.
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
right?
Ankit Gor:
Parag Vyavahare:
Moderator:
It will be nearby, just outskirts of Bombay.
Okay. And adding some machinery into the existing plants,
Okay, thank you sir.
Thank you.
Thank you sir.
here are no further questions. Ladies and
e call for today. Thank you for your
conference call service. you may all
ve a good day everyone.
'1 .This document has be
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudibre or incomprehensibre
words.
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtarnaki pF,L Ltmtted
