APAR INDUSTRIES LTD.
cORroRAiE OFFicE :
APAR  HOUSE,  CORPORATE  PARK
SION TROMBAY ROAD,  CHEMBUR
MUMBAl  -400  071.  INDIA
T     :  (+91)(22)25263400/67800400
F     :  (+91)(22)25246326
E    : corporate@apar.com
url  :  www.apar.com
SEC/0803/2017
Bv e-filing
1 oth March, 2017
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd®
"Exchange Plaza",
C-1,  Block G,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai -400 051 a
Scrip Symbol  : APARINDS
BSE Ltd.
§7°tFPF?:aotr:
Relationship Department,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Fort,
Mumbai -400 001.
Scrip Code : 532259
+dAttn.:TheManager,L[stingDept.|ngAmrfo_rporateRelatlon.§.h!F===J
Sub.  : Submission of lnvestors Con call Transcript -for Q3 FY 2016117
Dear Sir,
We  are  sending   herewith  transcript  of  Apar  Industries  Ltd.  for  Q3   FY  2016-17  Earnings
Conference Call made on  February 03, 2017.
Kindly take the same on  record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
FOR APAR INDUSTRIES  LTD.
ifftyvtr~r''fAulst
E=
(SANJAYA KUNDER)
COMPANY SECRETARY
EnclD  : As above
REcO. OFFICE :  301/306,  PANORAMA COMPLEX,  R.  C.  DUTT ROAD, VADODARA -390007.  INDIA
T  :  (+91 ) (265) 2323175 / 2323176 / 2322798 . F  :  (+91)(265) 2330309 . E  :  Qpar.baroda@apar.com . url  : www.apar.com
CIN  :  L91110GJl 989PLC012802

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
“Apar Industries Limited Q3 FY17 Results Conference Call” 
February 03, 2017 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone on behalf of Four-S Services, I welcome all the participants 
to Apar Industries Limited Q3 FY17 Results Conference Call. Today on the conference call we 
have Mr. Kushal Desai – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya Desai - Managing 
Director and Mr. V. C. Diwadkar - CFO, Apar Industries. I would now like to hand over the call to 
Mr. Desai for his opening comments.  
Kushal Desai: 
Thank you, Nisha. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to the Q3 FY17 earnings 
conference call of Apar Industries. I would first like to outline the key operational and financial 
highlights of the quarter and then deliberate a little bit on our growth strategy and then open 
up the floor for questions. 
In the last quarter, we are happy to report that there is a growth in profits for the 6 consecutive 
quarters in a row. Profitability has increased which is largely been driven by contribution from 
our conductor business, where there have been some additional value added products with 
good traction and a high efficiency conductors as well as from our cable business where our 
Elastomeric cables sales have further increased. EBITDA in the quarter grew by about 24%, so 
that has increased from Rs. 87 crores, a year ago to Rs. 107 crores and profit after tax for the 
quarter has grown by approximately 50% to Rs. 43 crores from the previous year’s Rs. 29 
crores. If you look at the EBITDA and PAT margins, the EBITDA margins have increased to 9.3% 
and the PAT margins have increased to 3.8% compared to 7.2% and 2.4% in the corresponding 
period previous years respectively. 
Revenue, however has been marginally impacted largely due to lower input prices compared to 
a year ago and in some segments like conductors, the volumes have been slightly smaller as we 
have produced more of the high temperature conductors which carry a larger value per unit of 
volume. In the 9-months’ period, we have witnessed a similar uptrend in the EBITDA, so that 
has grown by about 21% and our EBITDA for these 9-months has come in at about Rs. 270 
crores a year ago and this year it is at Rs. 326 crores. And if you take profit after tax for the 9-
months’ period that has grown by 65% to Rs. 136 crores from Rs. 82 crores. The EBITDA margin 
has reached 9.2% and the profit after tax margin has come in at 3.9%. So, revenues saw a 
marginal decline of about 5% for the 9-months and it has come in at about Rs. 3,533 crores. 
This improvement in profitability is actually a testimony to the efforts that we have put in of 
really bringing in more higher value added products, which are now picking a momentum in 
terms of total volume and having some impact on the bottom line. Additionally, there are some 
discussions going on for the 13th plan and even though it will come out in a different form. The 
draft plan seems to indicate that the total investment involved will be about Rs. 260,000 crores 

Page 2 of 22 
which include about a 100,000 circuit kilometers of transmission lines and 300,000 MVA of 
transformation capacity at 220 KV voltages and above. 
Even in this quarter gone by there has been some positive developments particularly on the 
high end technology front in the transmission & distribution side and $840 million mega project 
has been awarded to ABB of 800 KV, ultra-high voltage DC transmission line. So this is 1,830 
kilometer line connecting Raigarh to Pugalur which will be amongst the longest such lines in the 
world, bringing electricity to approximately 80 million people. So ABB and BHEL have teamed 
up and this order has been awarded by Power Grid. On another note there has been further 
progress in signing different states under UDAY. So, 4 new states in the quarter has signed up 
which include, Tamil Nadu, Himachal Pradesh, Telangana and Assam. So, now 92% of the 
country’s DISCOM debts have been covered under the UDAY scheme. However, there are still 
execution issues and some delay continue to be there in on the ground implementation. 
Honestly we have not really seen a big surge in orders coming in from the UDAY cycle, both in 
transformer oils and in the conductors segment. But it is eminent that it is likely to happen. We 
are also confident that given the above developments in the sector, it is a matter of a quarter or 
two before which we will start seeing the positive effects of UDAY and some of this TBCB 
bidding that has happened. In the mean time we continue to increase our focus on some of the 
export markets and as is reflected in the conductor order book from the last quarter, we have 
received some significant export orders, as well as our intake of high efficiency and high 
temperature conductor has also increased. 
I would now like to spend a few minutes and discuss each of the business segments in more 
details. If you look at our conductor segment, the revenues came in at about Rs. 510 crores 
compared to Rs. 540 crores from a year ago. Exports contributed 44% of the segmental 
revenues. The decline goes on account of slightly lower commodity prices but also because of 
the change in the nature in which we have executed some of the business for a few large 
customers. In these contracts, we have taken on processing contract as opposed to buying the 
metal ourselves and this has really only impacted the revenue but then once you get down to 
added value, contribution margin and the EBITDA per ton, this is really agnostic in terms of 
those measurements. High efficiency conductor’s contribution came in at 8% of the overall 
conductor’s revenue compared to 3% from a year ago, indicating that there is a steady growth 
that is taking place. If you look at the EBITDA per metric ton post forex adjustment, it has 
increased to Rs. 13,912 per ton compared to Rs. 7,738 from a year ago. 
A word on our order booking, which has actually come in at Rs. 1,611 crores as of 31st 
December, which is 6% higher than what it was at the end of the previous quarter. Export 
orders comprise about 46% of this order book and as I mentioned the company has witnessed 
better traction on the export front compared to the domestic side in the last quarter 
particularly. We have won orders in new geographies and also received our first large export 
order for high temperature conductors. 

Page 3 of 22 
Our new plant at Jharsuguda, which commenced production in September is now ramping up, 
we have completed getting the most important approval of Power Grid and post that have 
started bidding on fresh business with Jharsuguda as a source of supply. If you look at the 9-
months’ period, the revenue for conductors has declined by 10% for the same reasons as I 
mentioned before. However, EBITDA per metric ton post FOREX adjustment is up 83% year-on-
year at Rs. 12,053. So just to recap, what has contributed to this EBITDA increase, it can be 
attributed to a higher percentage of profitable orders some of which have actually been 
preponed and some less profitable orders which have actually been postponed for the last 
quarter. There has also been a fundamental growth in the high temperature conductor 
execution which has had a positive impact on the bottom line. 
As mentioned on the downside the domestic demand has been a little bit slow, some of the 
tariff based competitive bidding projects awarded have not yet resulted in orders for 
conductors. We had anticipated that in end of the 3rd quarter we would start receiving orders 
from them, but the ordering cycle seems to have got delayed to some extent from the 
companies that have won these TBCB projects. This has resulted in the competitive intensity in 
the domestic segment having increased in the last few months. There are also a few TBCB 
projects which have been bid upon by various parties but the concerned nodal agencies have 
not yet opened those bids. So that has also resulted in addition to some of this awarded 
projects not been converted into orders, resulting in a temporary slowdown in demand in the 
short term in the domestic market. However, as we have always used as part of our risk 
mitigation strategy to go down on a global basis. We have turned on stronger focus for the 
export business and that has actually helped us counter the effect in the short term. 
Coming to our next segment, which is the transformer and specialty oil, Revenues for the 
quarter came in at Rs. 423 crores which is about 6% lower compared to the previous period 
mainly on account of lower raw material prices. However, volumes have posted a growth of 6% 
and that have been driven primarily by increased demand from domestic transformer oil, white 
oil exports and our rubber process oil shipments. If you look at it on a global basis, shipments 
for the quarter came in at 90,789 KL compared to 85,606 KL from a year ago. And this actually is 
the highest volumes sales that we have had for a third quarter of any year thus far. 
EBITDA per KL after FOREX adjustments actually declined to Rs. 3,851 from Rs. 4,871, so 
approximately, Rs. 1,000 per KL was the fall. This can be really attributed to the base oil prices 
having increased in the short term, which have impacted the profitability especially in the price 
sensitive segments like, white oils and process oils. A higher percentage sale of distribution 
transformer oils, which again carry a slightly lower margin and the sales of Industrial and 
automotive products has been lower which normally result in significant weighted average 
improvements that takes place in the bottom line and some of this has primarily come from 
reduced sales in the month of December post the demonetization. 

Page 4 of 22 
We expect that volumes will start picking up from the month of February onwards as normalcy 
seems to have started creeping in especially into the retail distribution segment which is the 
most profitable segment that we have. If you look at revenues for the 9-month period they are 
down by about 8% from Rs. 1,263 crores on account largely of lower raw material prices. The 
volumes are up by 6% on a 9-months’ basis, again with contributions coming in from the 
domestic transformer oil side, white oil export and rubber process oil. Also on a 9-months’ 
period the auto lubricant business has still continued to show a 10% growth in volumes. So, 
considering this the EBITDA per KL post FOREX has come in at Rs. 5,108 per KL which is pretty 
much in line with the guidance which we have provided for the year. 
Our sense is that the EBITDA per KL which is being declining from Q1 through Q3 should now 
show some signs of picking up in the fourth quarter as price adjustments takes place to 
compensate for some of the cost pressures that we have witnessed in the business. An 
important additional piece of information is that our plant in the Hamriyah Port which is part of 
the Sharjah Emirate has now commenced commercial production towards the end of January 
and we are in the process of picking up orders and gradually ramping up the production from 
that site. 
Coming back to the auto lube segment, we have delivered a sales volume of about 5,741 KL for 
the 3rd quarter, which is a little lower than what we had same period previous year. But as I 
mentioned the sales numbers of the quarter were comparatively good considering the 
demonetization impact which hit both the aftermarket segment as well as the OEM sales in the 
month of December. If you look at the 9-month period the sales are up by almost 10%.  
Now, coming to the cable business, the cable business has delivered a marginal improvement in 
revenues of about 3% in the quarter. So, revenues came in at about Rs. 211 crores versus Rs. 
205 crores from a year ago. However, the EBITDA margin post FOREX increased significantly by 
almost 189 basis points to reach 9.7% and this is primarily lead from a very good product mix 
that we were able to put together in the last quarter. 
Our Order book also stands at around Rs. 268 crores compared to Rs. 252 crores from the 
previous quarter and all the increase has actually come from our Elastomeric cable. We have 
continued to see further growth in the non-conventional energy side for us, which is the wind 
mill and the solar side of the business. We clearly are the largest supplier of specialty cable now 
in this segment as far as India is concerned and we have also started seeing more traction from 
business being awarded to us from the defense. We expect the solar segment to continue to 
improve in Q4 FY17. The power cable side has also witnessed increased demand, the margins 
have remained stagnant because of competitive pressures but we are clearly seeing an increase 
in the volume that we are able to address. Due to various cost control measures and the 
strategic focus on the specialty cable segment, we have been able to come in with this 9.7% 
versus the guidance which we are given of 8.5%. 

Page 5 of 22 
If you now look at the 9-month revenue, we have seen a fairly robust 22% year-on-year growth, 
sales is at about Rs. 584 crores. The EBITDA margin post FOREX has increased 75% compared to 
a year ago to reach Rs. 51 crores for this business segment and the EBITDA margin for 9-months 
has come in at 8.7% versus our annual guidance of 8.5%. Our expansion in this segment is going 
as per schedule in terms of all the CAPEX that we are incurring. Most of it is focused around 
debottlenecking the Elastomeric side of the business, which we expect to grow by a further 15% 
to 20% next year and the power cable side where we are putting in some significant new 
machinery. 
If you look at the general outlook, it remains positive. We expect all the planned CAPEX in the 
domestic T&D segment to start getting converted into new orders and this should likely happen 
in FY18. Post our recently commenced capacities, we are very well placed to monetize this 
growth opportunity. Our optimism remains that the effects of this demonetization in the short-
term slowdown from this TBCB projects and execution issues in UDAY will quickly pass and 
within a couple of quarters we will start returning to seeing business flow improving. In fact 
these numbers have been delivered without really any impact coming in from some of the 
schemes like UDAY. 
So with this, I would like to come to the end of my comments. Thank all of you for joining this 
call and at this stage we would be happy to take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer 
session. We have the first question from the line of Pawan Nahar from Religare Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead. 
Pawan Nahar: 
After I think about 3 years, we will be hopefully making 19%-20% ROE, which is in line with our 
long-term average, so that was one. Second was if I were to then look at next year FY18, okay 
this year you say, we have not benefitted from UDAY and we have had very good profitability 
because of good product mix. What would you like to guide for FY18, both in terms of volumes 
and spreads for these segments? 
Kushal Desai: 
We have earlier given a guidance where we are expecting in our cable business growth in the 
vicinity of 20% in terms of topline as well much volume growth. Profitability should also grow 
by between 20% and 25% because we expect some of the orders which have come in that are 
profitable like defense, etc., larger part of that execution will happen next year. The conductor 
business, we expecting may be a growth of about 5% to 6% in volume terms, there will 
definitely be improvement in terms of value because as we had mentioned even in some of our 
earlier calls, there is a lot of activity happening on the ground on the high temperature 
conductor side. It is slowly resulting in orders but the 2 signs that we look for is ticket size of our 
project as well as the breadth in terms of the number of states which are actively looking at 
participating in these sort of conductor opportunities. So, both of those metrics are positive, so 
our guidance actually for high temperature conductor is to probably target about 20% revenues 

Page 6 of 22 
of the business coming by 2020. In the next 3 years, if this picks up the way, it seems like it 
should, we should get somewhere in that vicinity of 20%. Additionally we are started seeing this 
high temperature conductor phenomena starting to also take route in some of the export 
market that we participate in. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Oh yes, that was a question in fact, which market? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, if you are seeing that in some of the South Asian markets, South East Asia also in North 
America where it is a standard. We received our first large order after a while from North 
America which is almost Rs. 100 crores in the last quarter. This is from an EPC contractor in 
Canada and Mr. Trump’s infrastructure spend is something that should hopefully start showing 
some signs of coming in. So we are not targeting a big volume growth on the conductor side but 
looking at a better mix in terms of not only product mix but also hopefully client mix. On the 
bottom line the profitability will depend on the actual implementation of GST because as a 
company other than our conductor division we are paying a significant amount of central sales 
tax which our competitors are not paying, both in the oil business as well as in the cable 
business. So, that could affect to the tune of almost Rs. 30 crores at today’s level. On the 
specialty oil side our guidance would be again something in the range of about 7% to 10% 
growth in overall volumes. Especially if UDAY starts picking up, we will see a significant uptick in 
distribution transformer volumes as well as some of the HVDC projects, we have large takes in 
terms of winning business in these segments. So, if that execution starts going on well, then we 
should see some uptick on that side also. 
Pawan Nahar: 
And in terms of spreads like 9-months this year for oil you got Rs. 5,100 per KL, right? So what 
could you like to say for next year, should be higher right? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, so our idea would be, our target is to look at about 10% higher spreads in the next financial 
year. So, from about Rs 5,100 per KL looking at something in the range of about Rs. 5,600 per 
KL. 
Pawan Nahar: 
And for conductors overall for next year? Like this year hopefully you will be like more than Rs. 
11,000 per MT it seems. 
Kushal Desai: 
So, this year 9-months we are little over Rs. 12,000 per MT. It is a better run than we had 
originally planned or guided for. So, our immediate objective would be to kind of sustain that 
level through the entire next year. Because we do have a few orders which are actually not 
profitable and which were expected to the executed this year but for whatever projects related 
reasons, they have been pushed out and are likely to happen in the first half of next year. But 
we are trying to hopefully iron that out against some of the more value added business that we 
get in. So, competitive intensity of the domestic side in the last few months has been a bit 
stronger. Because as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, the order flow from TBCB that has 
already been awarded as well as some of these new bids which have not been opened, they 

Page 7 of 22 
have not actually flown into the industry yet. So, I think when they start flowing and then again 
you will start seeing just better business flow taking place and less pricing pressure. But at this 
stage we are factoring all that in and for the next year are looking at something which is 
relatively at the same level this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aditya Wagle from Equitas. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Wagle: 
I wanted to ask like following up with the previous question, you are guiding that Rs. 12,000 
EBITDA per metric ton guidance in conductors going ahead, approximately in that range. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Yes, Rs 12,000 per ton. 
Aditya Wagle: 
Similarly so, what could be our guidance for transformers and specialty oils? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Around Rs. 5,600 per KL. 
Aditya Wagle: 
In this ABB order out of $840 million what you think would be the percentage of conductors or 
something. 
Kushal Desai: 
So actually what ABB has received is an order for transformers and so as a consequence some 
specialized types of transformer oil will also go into that. 
Aditya Wagle: 
But what could be the percentage? 
Kushal Desai: 
So we are one of the sort of key business it has still not been awarded because they have just 
very recently received that award from Power Grid. So the execution of that will certainly come 
up after several months, but it is just giving signs that this class of business is starting to grow 
substantially and the sizes of orders also have been very large. This gives a better trend for 
people like us to participate in these types of businesses. So, it is a little early for us to be able 
to say anything, we do not want to count our chicken before the eggs are hatched. The signs 
are clearly that we have some good tailwinds which are helping us. 
Aditya Wagle: 
Sir and what would be the volumes we did it in conductors in Q3? 
V.C. Diwadkar: 
Q3 volumes are around 38,000 tons. 
Aditya Wagle: 
And by when is Hamriyah expected to achieve full ramp up? 
Kushal Desai: 
We have already started the process, the plant actually received the clearances for actually 
commencing production just a few days ago. So, our target is to actually reach 5,000 tons per 
month from that facility. We expect to reach that volume may in about 4 to 5 months that 
seems to the target that we have. There are approvals to be received even though it is really 

Page 8 of 22 
the same product, with the same recipes, utilities need to reapprove the plant. So, if there are 
no major delays, then in about 4 to 5 months, we will start seeing the ramp up. But hopefully 
no, later is around than 6. 
Aditya Wagle: 
All right 5000 kiloliters per month. 
Kushal Desai: 
5000 tons per month is equivalent to almost 6,000 KL. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Maulik Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Maulik Patel: 
Couple of questions and I have asked this question in the previous call also. What could be the 
long-term EBITDA per ton in conductor business, because it seems that every quarter we have 
been doing better than the previous quarter and the expectations during the last concall you 
said that probably EBITDA per ton will come down, but it does not come down. That is number 
one. You mentioned that 8% of your conductor revenues is from the HEC. What could be this 
optimal mix in next 2 to 3 quarters which is again going to guide something related to the 
EBITDA per ton? 
Kushal Desai: 
This is to answer you first question Maulik, our numbers have come in better than what we had 
planned partly from the luck of the more profitable order book getting preponed and some of 
the lower profitable orders, getting pushed out into FY18, , actually those projects getting 
stuck. So, some of it is actually just a short term tactical benefit that we have seen. From a 
structural stand point, the high efficiency conductor business has grown to 8%. We will start 
seeing it gradually going up, it is difficult to track in necessarily quarter-by-quarter but in a long-
term strategy is to get it upto about 20% by 2020. So, that is about 3 years from today. So, 
approximately about 3% to 4% increase every year in terms of that volume of business and we 
attribute that to increase business domestically as well as some of the export markets also now 
starting to show signs. We have reached certain critical mass to be able to bid on these projects 
overseas. Because without having a certain volumes and lines which have been commissioned 
for certain durations of time you do not end up meeting the minimum criteria that is required 
to participate in these tenders. So, in most of the range of the high temperature conductors 
today, with the work which we have done over the last 3-4 years, we have garnered enough 
volumes to be able to now start bidding on some of these projects even overseas. So, that is a 
good development from that stand point. 
Maulik Patel: 
What is the current volume as percentage from the HEC, around 5%-6%? 
Kushal Desai: 
It is at 8%. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
8% for the quarter and 11% for 9-months. 

Page 9 of 22 
Kushal Desai: 
And in fact there are number of tenders which have been bid and open and they are in the 
stages of actually negotiation and business being awarded. So, I would see the opening order 
book for FY18 having some reasonable high temperature conductor. 
Maulik Patel: 
Second question is on the working capital side, Because of commodity prices both aluminum 
and the base oil has gone up. We got significant benefit of commodity price going down last 
year in terms of our working capital, which was very low last year and this year the prices have 
gone up. So, what kind of working capital right now we are sitting on, if you can give us an 
absolute number that could be very helpful? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Transformer Oil, capital employed is close to around Rs. 300 crores and cable is Rs. 328 crores 
and conductor is around Rs. 500 crores and the oil fixed assets are Rs. 86 crores, conductor net 
fixed asset is Rs. 197 crores cable is Rs. 178 crores. 
Maulik Patel: 
What will be the CAPEX guidance for this year and the next year? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, actually Maulik just to recap, you got the specialty oil side having working capital and 
involvement of a little over Rs. 200 crores about Rs. 215. The Rs. 150 crores in the cable side 
and about Rs. 300 crores on the conductor side, so that is around Rs. 650 crores to Rs. 670 
crores. There is no control, if commodity prices goes up but the company’s balance sheet and 
working capital limits in place will post no problems in terms of being able to accommodate the 
higher commodity prices as well as the volume growth which we are expecting. 
Maulik Patel: 
Sir, I know our balance sheet is one of the best in the industry and I am also looking from the 
operating cash flow perspective that this year will be significantly lower because our overall 
working capital will go up. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, there will be some impact because of interest not only from the higher commodity prices, 
however interest rates in India are coming down but all the Dollar rates have already started 
hardening. So, our expectation is there will be some creep in terms of finance cost but this is 
going to affect the whole industry and so, I do not think on a relative basis we have any 
disadvantage. The good news is that our balance sheet can accommodate this without having 
to go to the banks for any increased limits or anything of that sort. So, we should not have any 
operational issues coming out of this. 
Maulik Patel: 
That I am pretty much clear sir on that side. I was just asking the CAPEX for this year and the 
next year? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the CAPEX for this year we got only one major project. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Already in 9-months we have incurred up to Rs. 105 crores on the consolidated levels, including 
the Sharjah plant and next year CAPEX will be mainly in conductor. 

Page 10 of 22 
Kushal Desai: 
So, we are looking at approximately Rs. 60 crores in terms of CAPEX for FY18 versus Rs. 105 
crores we had in the 9-months plus about another Rs. 25 crores which we will have in the last 
quarter to complete the major cable expansion. 
Maulik Patel: 
And out of that what is the CAPEX for the Sharjah plant? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Sharjah total is around Rs. 105 crores. That is completed, entire capital is completed. 
Kushal Desai: 
Spread between something that was incurred last year and this year. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Saurabh Patwa from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Sir, just as you mentioned in the opening remarks that since you believe that part of revenue 
was slower because the raw material was outsourced or as in like we did only a processing job, 
so just wanted to understand the impact on EBITDA. So, the EBITDA per ton, is it higher because 
that the volumes taken as a denominator would be lower? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
No, it is not like that actually. It does not affect the EBITDA but it affects the topline because the 
sales value, it does not capture the sales value only processing charges are captured and that 
gets into the EBITDA. And the tonnage is considered for EBITDA. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
That is what I am asking sir. So, the benefit is taken in EBITDA? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
And the quantity is also considered for 
Saurabh Patwa: 
So, the quantity itself is also considered. 
Kushal Desai: 
So, what happens in this instance is that instead of Apar buying the metal some of these larger 
TBCB type projects, clients can actually get extended credit for metal, particularly for 
aluminum. It is not a very difficult thing to do, at the same time what it does for Apar is that it 
limits our exposure to a particular project and particular client. So, it also fits into our risk 
assessment metrics. So, it is like a win-win situation for both parties. You are agnostic from the 
value addition onwards, so all the metric that we reported will not get affected other than the 
sales value. The topline does not have actually the component of raw materials in it. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
So, just from a technical point of view, now we will have a maybe in the quarter or two, since 
when Hamriyah will also start generating a good amount of revenue. So, we will be given the 
consolidated numbers going forward or will we still continue to give the standalone numbers as 
they are right now because otherwise after in the fourth quarter when you will declare 

Page 11 of 22 
consolidated from a next year point of view then the diversion would be higher as compared to 
what it is now. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Yes, I agree with you actually. We are considering to give consolidated number from quarter 
one FY18. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
And just this one last question, what would be total amount of debt right now? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Debt is around Rs. 394 crores, Rs. 125 is the long-term debt and Rs. 269 is the short term debt. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prithviraj from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prithviraj: 
My question is regarding your cable segment. Can I have a breakup of solar and wind cables and 
Elastomeric cables as a percentage of the cable revenue? 
Kushal Desai: 
So the solar cable, etc. actually get embedded within, the specialty solar cables, which get 
embedded within the Elastomeric segment. So, if you see that approximately in the 9-months’ 
period Elastomeric cables for us has been approximately 40% of revenues and the power cables 
have been approximately 50% of revenues. 
Prithviraj: 
And in the previous con call you mentioned that spot oil price is lesser than your contract oil 
price, so has it increased now? 
Kushal Desai: 
So in Q3 what we witnessed was that there was a big oversupply situation with the Adnoc base 
oil refinery coming on stream and as you know any big refinery actually takes some time 
particularly in base oils to find an equilibrium on their clients. So, large parcels were offered to 
the Indian market on spot. So the spot prices actually came down very sharply because of that. 
So, the gap between our contract prices, spot prices actually became negative where this spot 
prices were lower than our contract price and normally contract prices are relatively quite 
competitive. So, this actually put a pressure on that, as you move into the fourth quarter we 
pretty much see that phenomenon is been pulled off because in fact Adnoc refinery had a fire 
in the first week of early January. So, their production is down which has actually resulted in a 
base oil scenario becoming pretty tight because there has been a few other refineries too, that 
had outages. So, we do not see that problem in the fourth quarter and that is why in my 
opening remark, we have mentioned that the decline which we have been seeing in the oil 
EBITDA by almost the Rs. 1000 per quarter from Q1 to Q2 and then Q2 to Q3, we expect that to 
now sort of reverse in Q4 because we are not only having a more stable base oil supply scenario 
but also some of the price increases which we had to eat towards the end with all these 
demonetization and all these things, we should be able to pass them through in the fourth 
quarter. 

Page 12 of 22 
Prithviraj: 
And one final question from my side sir, so in your conductor business, you have said that most 
of the high efficiency conductor has been preponed. So, do we see any drop in Q4 margin? 
Kushal Desai: 
Well, preponement is not necessarily of high efficiency conductors but it is been of the more 
profitable orders even of conventional conductors that we had. So, there will be a fall in the 
profitability in the fourth quarter compared to the first 3 quarters but it will be still higher than 
the guidance which we were offering for the year. However, as we get into the next financial 
year, we would pretty much try to maintain the same level of EBITDA per metric ton. The 
sooner GST gets implemented, if it really gets implemented on 1st July then our Jharsuguda 
facility actually will start reaping some benefits. Because there are some anomalies in the sales 
tax structure in the state of Odisha, where we are not able to get the full VAT credit. So, when 
you are buying from a smelter in Odisha you are not able to take the full benefit of the VAT 
credit and with GST coming in all those rules get rewritten and uniform across the country. So, 
the benefits which are there or actually being located near this smelter and being located near 
the customer will transparently fall to the bottom-line, because this offset of losing value added 
taxes credit that will actually disappear. So, GST implementation for us is a very crucial across 
all the 3 divisions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ankit Soni, from Karvy Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Soni: 
Sir, actually EBITDA numbers in conductor segment is showing a good growth. So, what is 
considered as a driving factors for that? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Yes, as I said earlier, it is because of the more profitable conventional orders and increased high 
efficiency conductor execution. So, we have executed close to about 11% of high efficiency 
business as against last year 6%. Last year first 9-month was only 4%. So comparing YTD year on 
year, actually it is 11% high efficiency this time against 4% last year, plus the conventional 
orders that were executed are also more profitable orders. 
Ankit Soni: 
On that front do we stand on the same lines of 15% HEC revenues to be contributing from total 
segment revenue? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
At present it is 11%, we are hoping that this year we will close to around 11% only, next year we 
can target around 3%-4% more HEC revenue. 
Ankit Soni: 
Just on a clarification point sir, like you said Jharsuguda plant will be manufacturing around 
5,000 metric tonnes per month. So, the total capacity comes off to 60,000 tons, so can you just 
clarify? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Jharsuguda plant will manufacture only 3000 metric tonnes. It is 35,000 metric tonnes plant.  

Page 13 of 22 
Ankit Soni: 
Sir, just before somebody said that 5,000 per month metric tonnes will be manufactured? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
That was Hamriyah actually. That is the specialty oils Hamriyah, Sharjah plants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of HR Gala from Pranav Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
HR Gala: 
Two clarifications, one you already said that you do not know what kind of value this ABB 
contract can fetch you. Sir, my question pertains to this one slide number 19 where we have 
said that strategic investment of over Rs. 550 crores, so out of that how much has been spent 
till say, FY17 end? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Almost everything has been spent now actually. 
HR Gala: 
So, nothing is pending, these are all the projects which are over. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Yes. 
Kushal Desai: 
On the CAPEX front, Mr. Diwadkar earlier had mentioned that our 9-months spent has been Rs. 
105 crores. We have approximately Rs. 25 crores which will come on stream in the fourth 
quarter to complete some of the cable projects which are still in CWIP and our next year’s plan 
is to do about Rs. 60 crores of Capex. So, hopefully next year actually the increased free cash 
flow will also increase. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from Kedia Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Sir, my question pertains to conductor order book. It is Rs. 1,611 crores and what is the 
execution period? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
It is about 125,000 metric tonnes. So, execution period you can say around 8 months or so. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
And sir just for a clarification sir, when a new tender comes in, how long it takes to convert into 
final order for the company usefully on and average basis? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
It depends, sometimes the client has a deadline to meet, so they will go for a very fast delivery 
and at times they do have sufficient period but generally we are seeing the trend that it is 
getting compressed compared to earlier days when Power Grid used to be the monopoly that 
time, it used to be between 18 and 24 months. Now we are seeing within 6 to 12 months 
generally we get the business to execute. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Sir, on your guidance for 2020 you have said HVDC should be 20% of a Conductors revenue that 
you were targeting, may I know what is it contributing right now? 

Page 14 of 22 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Right now, it is 11%. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
And sir, one more question. Do you have any plan of demerger of any of your vertical in these 
2-3 years? 
Kushal Desai: 
Not really. Actually we do not have anything immediately planned, if you see the composition 
of these 3 businesses in a period, where there is a lot of expenditure happening in the T&D 
segment. The composition of these 3 businesses actually it put us in a very strong position to 
participate across all the sub segments of the transmission & distribution side and we have 
been for while maintaining that we were not getting into a phase, where all the 3 businesses 
were able to kick in and start delivering positive numbers above par. But in this financial year 
quarter-on-quarter we have been able to see that happening and so, the big jump which has 
happened compared to the previous year really is with all 3 business segments actually starting 
to positively contribute. And in FY18 it seems pretty likely that the same should continue and 
thereafter because as the cable business was sort of dragging the rest of the profitability down 
that has clearly turned the corner with not only volume but also with fairly rich product mix. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Sir, we are also increasing our cable capacity. So, what is our target capacity and what is it 
currently? 
Kushal Desai: 
So cables capacity is very difficult to measure because of the large variety of products that we 
have, but we are looking at approximately increase in revenues next year of (+20%). So, this 
year also the 9-months we have grown revenue 22% and so on that higher base next year also 
we planned to repeat similar growth in revenue. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Sir, on buy back, if may ask how successful has been the buy back and did promoter or 
promoter group also participated in that? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
We just got the SEBI approval. So, further process is on now actually and buy back will be 
completed by mid-March. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Varun Agarwal from BOI AXA Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Varun Agarwal: 
Sir, just I missed initial part of the call. So, I had just few questions about certain segments; first 
of all cable segment. We had done really well in cable segment, so is this 10% margin 
sustainable for us? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yeah, actually the sustainability of the margins are pretty much there. I would look more at the 
9-month margin profile which is 8.7% and so, as we had mentioned even in your earlier call our 
FY18 target is to start looking at getting into double digit for EBITDA Margin. From that stand 
point yes, it should be sustainable. 

Page 15 of 22 
Varun Agarwal: 
That will be more due to the overall mix change or operating leverage? 
Kushal Desai: 
It is actually both, because see if you look at last 5 years this business has grown at about a 16% 
CAGR. Last year in 9-month growth is 22% we expect (+20%) as we go from FY17 to FY18. So, 
clearly scales and operating leverages is one of the factor but that alone cannot contribute to 
200 basis points change, this is also coming from the mix of product that we are targeting. If 
GST comes in then we should have some more upside coming from the contribution on the GST 
implementation because some of our biggest competitors are actually not paying 2% tax 
because either they are in tax free jurisdiction or they are paying a tax which is 0.5%, 0.75%, 
etc. So, I think to answer your question sustainability seems quite possible. 
Varun Agarwal: 
Sir, in specialty oil business, you said the overall there was a little slowdown but going forward 
you said there is certain orders which can help us in improving the scenarios, so how is our 
overall outlook in specialty oils, specifically about transformers oil business? 
Kushal Desai: 
See, on the transformer oil side domestically after a while we have seen double digit growth. 
So, the volume has not been the issue, the problem has been on the profitability front which as 
we had explained, there was some reductions that took place in spot versus contract which is 
the replay, also there was some increases that happen towards the end of the quarter given 
that general crude and gas oil started moving up. So, combination of these 2 things put some 
effect, also there was a reduction that happened in the weighted average EBITDA because sales 
of industrial oils through our distribution channel as well as automotive oil across the board fell 
and these are the 2 most profitable segments. This was a fall out of the demonetization effect 
that happened particularly in the month of December. So, we see the reversal of the EBITDA 
per KL happening in the fourth quarter. 
Varun Agarwal: 
Because of oil prices going up, so do we see some impact on our inventory losses? 
Kushal Desai: 
No, in fact on the contrary there could be some upside only in the inventories that we hold. So, 
in our case because we have fair amount of ratable business that happens from clients, I do not 
think we are going to really see a lot of inventory gain. Whatever improvements happen should 
to a larger extent happened from just fundamentally booking orders at the right price levels 
going forward, catching up for the increases that are happened on the cost side. 
Varun Agarwal: 
2 more questions. One on this auto lubes business, how is the outlook for that, second can we 
improve margins there?  
V. C. Diwadkar: 
On the auto lubes side, the EBITDA for KL for us is much higher than in any of the other 
segments. We are very bullish on growth in the automotive lubes segment because not only is 
the company itself gaining traction on its distribution and the new products which have been 
launched are receiving higher sales volume but generally we expect that the auto market itself 
should show positive sign of growth. The Rabi crops has been pretty good, it will have an impact 

Page 16 of 22 
finally in terms of tractor sales. Similarly, you got two wheeler demand expected to go up, 
passenger car likely to go up, even commercial vehicles indications are from various industry 
bodies and that also is likely to go up. So, putting all that together, I think auto sales is an area 
where we would target double digit growth at least for the next few years. 
Varun Agarwal: 
So, here in Auto Lube segment do we pass on the price increase / decrease on regular basis or it 
is something where which is like market driven? 
Kushal Desai: 
The prices increase, there is a latency factor for passing on the prices. Usually the call is taken 
by some of the largest players like Castrol, who make the first move on prices and then the 
whole industry has room to basically correct, but essentially you have almost 2 to 3 months lag 
for that effect to finally take place. So, generally if the increase is not very sharp then within a 
couple of months it gets recovered. 
Varun Agarwal: 
So, one last question on conductor business, so you said in your initial remark that due to TBCB, 
some of the orders getting delayed. So, there was some delay in ordering, so how soon do you 
think that can pick up and how much impact that can have on our overall order book? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, there are 2 parts to what I mentioned. There are certain tariff based competitive bidding 
projects that have already been awarded and then you have an ordering cycle taking place by 
the winner of that bid. So, we have not seen conductor getting ordered yet, it has taken a little 
bit longer than typically we would have liked. So, that is one part of the problem. The second 
part of the problem is that there are several bids which various parties have bid on for projects 
but those bids have not been opened and finalized within the time frame that the nodal 
agencies had indicated. I would say that within 3 to 6 months you should start seeing, it could 
even happen as early as this quarter especially for those projects which have already been 
awarded because with aluminum also strengthening to some extent, I am sure these companies 
will have to, because their bidding is not a fixed basis. So, they need to form up their aluminum 
procurement strategy, an ordering strategy and there is no sign of commodities coming down. 
So, I would imagine that they would probably now being looking more seriously at starting to 
place these orders out. 
Varun Agarwal: 
So, will that have any impact on our overall margins in the conductor business because of as 
you said in the commodity prices have moved up and if there is any delay so, does that impact 
our margins ? 
Kushal Desai: 
No, our margins should not get impacted because we do not speculate on metal we do 
everything back to back, where actually we see a short-term problem in terms of conductor 
margins is only because a lack of activity in this TBCB area in general has resulted in less order 
booking taking place by the industry. So, competitive pressures have been a bit high, but we 
see this as being a temporary phenomenon and once the ordering cycle starts, we should start 

Page 17 of 22 
seeing again normalcy coming in. So, from that stand point we do not really see that as a very 
long term thing. 
Varun Agarwal: 
So, my question was with respect to the earlier thing, earlier method versus TBCB, so has any 
difference in margins or do you think margins are at par in TBCB also? 
Kushal Desai: 
Well it is difficult to just predict generally, because these are all negotiated deals with the 
winners of the project. So, there is no appreciable improvement or reduction compared to what 
we have been doing in the last few months in terms of that order booking. 
Varun Agarwal: 
Basically you will maintain our margin? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yeah, that is why guidance for next year also is that we would like to try to keep and achieve 
these sorts of numbers through FY18? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Alok Deora from IIFL Please go ahead. 
Alok Deora: 
I just had couple of question. One was in your presentation you have mentioned about taking 
price increase in the specialty oil segment in Q4. So are you seeing that kind of demand where 
you would be able to take this price increase or would it be like very marginal increase which 
we would be able to take? 
Kushal Desai: 
The increases have already started, we have already started quoting from January itself higher 
prices, some of them have already fructified and as you move into February we are seeing, the 
next phase of it getting implemented. So, I would say largely that by March we would have 
recovered pretty much most of the impact of the higher raw material prices. See, you do have a 
lag, because generally the client base is quite large and in the case of the automotive and 
industrial side you cannot change prices every month but because the increases have been 
reasonably significant you see crude from the mid-40s now in the mid-50s. So, that $10 is large 
enough to sort of create industry wise and globally prices have started going up of finished 
lubricants. So, it is really just a matter of couple of months before which it catches out. 
Alok Deora: 
And one thing in this cable segment you also manufacturer this optic fiber cables. So, just 
wanted to know that in this budget we had this news on Bharat Net program or increased 
allocation, so does that impact our business positively in any way? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, it does in the sense that after an initial spurt of ordering that happened by actually the UPA 
government before the Narendra Modi government came in, very large orders were placed for 
this fiber optic cables, there is been actually a big lull from both BSNL and BBNL. The number of 
tenders have been few and the values also haven’t been very large. They have now started 
picking up and with the increased allocation in the budget hopefully we should start seeing 
larger tenders on the optical fiber cable side. However, the dampener in that particular 

Page 18 of 22 
segment is that there is a big shortage of optical fiber because China has ordered what is more 
than 10 times what India is looking at ordering in the same timeframe. So it is kind of sucking up 
the worlds excess fiber supply, so there is going to be a pressure in terms of margins for any 
companies that buy its fiber in the market and then makes optical fiber but in our case it is 
about 10% of our business and hopefully with the tendering and the volume increasing the 
higher fiber prices will any way be factored into new pricing of projects. So, we do not have a 
big back log. We will be in a position to participate in most of these new tenders. 
Alok Deora: 
So, we procure the fiber from local player like Sterlite or the imported? 
Kushal Desai: 
Both. 
Alok Deora: 
But it is not that profitable, so any way 
Kushal Desai: 
At the moment, there is a lot of cost pressure coming from the optical fiber in the manufacture 
of an optical fiber cable. So, fiber manufacturers are actually today in a very strong position 
globally because of their profitability. Given that there is a shortage of fiber especially as I said 
just now is driven really by a very huge program that China has launched. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dhiral Shah from GEPL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Sir apart from this Bharat Net addition which has been announced in the Union budget, any 
other key positive take away? 
Kushal Desai: 
Well, from the budget actually there is no negative surprises, there have been larger allocations 
in most infrastructure segment. We expect non-conventional energy particularly, the solar side 
to pick up fairly strongly. It is a big increase compared to this year, 50% more actually in 
financial year FY18 over FY17. So, solar side obviously will be a positive, additionally increased 
allocation in terms of railways CAPEX, which have been a laggard, the defense and the 
increased spending considerably on the type of cable we made, Railways we have not nearly 
seen much improvement. With the increased allocations which are there in the segments that 
we participate in, we would expect that railway procurement over the next 2 years will 
substantially go up. So, in that sense it is all general positives, there is no negatives that have 
really come out of the budget for any of our businesses. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And also this rural electrification by May 2018, so this is going to benefit us, 100% rural 
electrification and there has been incremental allocation to Deendayal Upadhyaya integrated 
power development scheme? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, these are two older schemes which are there that fall under UDAY which is, Deendayal 
Upadhyaya and IPDS. So, the increased allocations means that there will be more spending 

Page 19 of 22 
happening, so it is a direct impact in terms of our conductor and cable business as well as in the 
case of oil, Deendayal Upadhyaya and IPDS actually benefits the distribution transformer 
segment to a much larger extent. Having said that even the draft plan for the 13th Five-year 
period sort of which is the next five-year projection from Central Electricity Authority has a 
pretty healthy procurement of transmission lines as well as transformation capacity. So, power 
transformer as well as conductor should both see sustained demand taking place over the next 
5 years, as this next five-year plan is actually implemented. Outlook looks quite comfortable at 
this stage. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Sir how much you may have gained from this 12th Five-year plan then? 
Kushal Desai: 
Well 12th Five-year plan was a huge increase over whatever had ever been executed before and 
as you would see, the biggest gains are usually in the last year of the plan. So, it is actually 
apparent from even our numbers that this FY17 has been better that FY16 and FY15, etc. So, 
our company will clearly benefit from any tailwinds which are there and any increased spending 
that happens anywhere in the T&D segment. Any of the sub segments grow we should start 
seeing some traction or the other happening in some part of our business. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And sir, in last concall you have stated that Rs. 50,000 crores worth of order to be announced in 
the system. So Q3 was like a lull period. So do you expect same amount of order to announce in 
Q4? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yeah, it is not very clear as to what ultimately PFC and REC do because we have discussed 
earlier there have been some delays in various bids. But at some point those projects will get 
implemented. 
Dhiral Shah: 
By March you expect, a big bang announcements something like that? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
No, I think there will be more implementation happening at some point on the UDAY front. So, I 
think right now that will be the main concentration of the government and as you mentioned 
the electrification to be completed at the earliest, in fact they are talking about bringing it 2 
years in advance of  their initial plans. So, there will be a lot of implementation happening right 
now. Also we have mentioned earlier with the IPDS scheme, there will be a more this semi 
urban work happening and our reconductoring work also may improve, more cables being 
used. At the moment if you see there is no lack of announcements, there is no lack of allocation 
it is really certain implementation related issues whether it is politics between center and state 
of placing of orders and then further components of those orders going into the system. So, I 
think after the lull that has been there for the last few months that catch up should happen. 
You started seeing like for example ABB thing it was hanging for almost 8-9-months and it has 
come through. So, there is a lot of pressure coming from the government to deliver action, we 
are just patiently waiting and we have the capacity, we have everything in place. So, as the 
business start getting awarded we are pretty much there in terms of picking it up. 

Page 20 of 22 
Dhiral Shah: 
And sir, what will be the scope of business for us in that $840 million announcement? 
Kushal Desai: 
Well the scope is only supply of transformer oil, so transformer oil is typically about 5% of the 
value and provided we get a substantial portion of it. The execution strategy, ABB is still 
evaluating that because it has just got the order very recently. But the point I was trying to 
make in the opening remarks is that the CEA and the various utilities are now getting much 
more comfortable in executing complex projects of high voltage of transformers and that 
augers very well for Apar as a group and for our transformer oil business. As this business 
grows, we should start seeing obviously higher end products getting executed. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And sir lastly sir, what is the percentage of value added revenue contribution to the overall 
business, combining the 3 segments? 
Kushal Desai: 
It is difficult to pick up, because each of the sub segments also has pieces which we try to focus 
on the upper end of the market. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Sir, what will be the contribution in 3 segments, let say 20%-30% something like that and you 
said in conductor it is 11%.  
Kushal Desai: 
That is high efficiency conductor 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Cable is around 40%. 
Kushal Desai: 
40% is the Elastomeric cables which has a more profitable cable for us. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
And oil side the high KVA transformer is around 35%. 
Dhiral Shah: 
When you combine all this thing, what will be the proportion then in overall revenue? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Close to 35%. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And sir what is the export revenue? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
On an average export revenue is around 35% to 40%, this time conductor has done more 
actually 44% this time, this quarter actually. But overall it is around 35% to 40% is export 
revenue, the company as a whole. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Anand Gurnani from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Anand Gurnani: 
Most of my questions are answered, just one clarification needed, in early part of concall you 
mentioned that due to central sales tax and GST coming in Rs 30 crores kind of impact could be 
there post-GST comes in for oil and conductor business. Sir, can you elaborate on that? 

Page 21 of 22 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
For oil and cable business, basically we are paying central sale tax but our competitors are in a 
location where they are not paying the central sales tax. So, at present there is competitive 
disadvantage to us. Once the GST comes in everybody will be on par. 
Anand Gurnani: 
So, Rs. 30 crores odd benefit, do we directly expect it to flow to the bottom line? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Not necessarily actually. But it helps us in the competitive scenario. 
Kushal Desai: 
See today this money, this 2% is actually being absorbed by Apar in its pricing. So, as a 
consequence when GST comes in it become a level playing field there will be no longer a need 
for Apar to actually absorb the 2%. As a consequence it is the chances of it then, the margins 
getting expanded by that are very high. Because competition is already not paying any taxes or 
paying very marginal taxes compared what we are paying. It is a combination of central sales 
tax and local body tax which we pay here in our oil plant in Rabale. Put together it is little over 
Rs. 30 crores based on FY17 expected numbers in the 4 quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sachin Mehta from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Sachin Mehta: 
Sir, most of my questions have been answered, I missed out few more questions, this is 
regarding conductor business. So, if you could give some color about the order book of Rs. 
1,611 crores that we have. What is the quantum of low margin orders which are pending to be 
executed now that we see getting executed in FY18? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
We do not give this details actually. 
Sachin Mehta: 
And sir the low margin as we see is in the range of Rs 8,000 to 9,000 per MT? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
See, there will be orders with several EBITDA margins actually it can start from Rs 5,000 it can 
go up as I said. 
Sachin Mehta: 
And in the next year when we will look to achieve the similar kind of a run rate on the 
conductor side, one of the contributors will be the HEC revenue and margins growing from 
what we see as 11% growing to 14%-15% next year and at the same time you see some kind of 
pick up on the competitive intensity as well in the domestic side. So then when you are looking 
at, we will have some part of the lower end orders also getting executed next year. So to offset 
it, is cost efficiency the only major driver apart from probably some additional exports that will 
kick in on the HEC side? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
No, actually what has happened, the low margin order now it has got spread out actually. 
Because right in the beginning of the year we were having good amount of low margin orders. 
But because some of these projects got delayed actually, they got spread out, so that impact 
will not be felt now that much. That is why we are saying that next year we will be able to 

Page 22 of 22 
maintain the Rs. 12,000 per ton EBITDA margin. Plus of course there will be some gains coming 
out of the GST, some gains coming out of the Jharsuguda plants  
Sachin Mehta: 
Some cost efficiencies. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Cost efficiencies will be there, correct. 
Sachin Mehta: 
And sir just coming back to what Saurabh has asked earlier we had some kind of outsourcing 
done on the conductor side, which is why you look at the EBITDA per ton, it looks stronger but 
when you look at the revenue per ton, it looks declining sequentially. If I look at your revenue 
cut and it has come of sequentially on the conductor sides of about 14% whereas in the same 
period, if I just have to compare the falling price of aluminum which is the major component of 
RM and having a reflection in the topline as well, it has moved up about 5%. So, that anomaly 
only because of the reason earlier specified. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Yes, that anomaly is only because when you do processing, the sales price is not captured in 
that. 
Kushal Desai: 
So, to evaluate this business, the 2 metrics that we would recommend for any analyst to look at 
is the volume sales, the volume execution that is happening and EBITDA per metric ton. If you 
look at these 2 measures then it is agnostic of this other sort of thing and it gives you really the 
crux of how well the business has run without any confusion taking place. So, I would 
recommend that these 2 metrics and that is why we actually focus on these 2 metrics, which is 
the total volume and the EBITDA for metric ton post the FOREX adjustments. So there you get 
an apple to apple comparison across each quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Miss. Nisha Kakran for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, 
ma’am. 
Nisha Kakran: 
I would like to take this moment to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to 
organize the call and all the participants to join in the call. Thank you. 
Kushal Desai: 
Thank you very much for your patient listening and participation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Apar Industries Limited that does conclude the 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
