NILA/CS/2017/154 
Date: June 12, 2017 
To, 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Toweres, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 530377 
Dear Sir, 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
NILA 
INFRASTRUCTURES 
LIMITED 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Compelx, 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: NILAINFRA 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on May 29, 2017 
It is submitted that Nila Infrastructures Ltd. had held a Conference Call on May 29, 2017 to provide 
· the information about the financial performance and -business of the Company for the quarter 
ended on March 31,2017. 
In this regard we are hereby, in terms of the Code of Practices for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information read with the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015, submitting transcript of the said conference call for the information of the 
exchange and doing needful. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For, Nilaflnfra 
tructures 
. ~ 
/:f\0 
1/§~9 
l 
{J " 
• 
(~~( AHO 1:! 
Dipen Y. 
rikh 
\}i;-J~ 
Company Secretary 
"~7 
Encl: aja 
CIN: L45201GJ1990PLC013417 
Registered Office: 
1st tloor, Sambhaav House, 
Opp. Chief Justice's Bungalow, 
Bodakdev, Ahmedabad 380015 
Tel.: +91 79 4003 6817/18,2687 0258 
Fax: +91 79 3012 6371 
e-mail: info@nilainfra.com 

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Nila Infrastructures Limited Q4 FY2017 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
Monday, May 29, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEP VADODARIA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
MR. PRASHANT SARKHEDI – CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER 
MR. HIMANSHU BAVISHI - PRESIDENT (FINANCE) 
MR. DIPEN PARIKH - COMPANY SECRETARY 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Nila Infrastructures Limited Q4 FY2017 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deep Vadodaria – Chief Operating Officer. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Good afternoon friends. I welcome you all to earnings call for Q4 and FY2017. Along with me I 
have Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi our CFO, Mr. Himanshu Bavishi our President of Finance, Mr. 
Dipen Parikh our Company Secretary and Strategic Growth Advisors our Investor Relations 
Advisors. 
I will start with an industry update, in which affordable housing has been accorded the 
Infrastructure status by the government. The sector has seen an increased level of activity. The 
scheme regarding profit linked income tax deductions for promoters of affordable housing has 
brought back the interest of the developers towards launching new projects in affordable housing 
space. Likewise, the government is also driving the demand of affordable housing with various 
schemes targeted directly towards the end users like Housing for All, Interest subsidy schemes 
on affordable housing loans, etc. 
To share some small statistics, the Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty has sanctioned a total 
of 1.9 million houses with a total approximate investment of Rs. 1,00,000 crores for 
economically weaker sections, under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana in 2,151 cities and towns and 
in 34 states and union territories. Again, of the total houses sanctioned so far, 0.7 million houses 
are under construction and above 0.1 million houses has been completed, which provides for a 
huge opportunity for players like us to participate in construction of these houses. Gujarat 
followed by Rajasthan are the leading states for construction of houses for urban poor under 
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana and again on the city wise basis, Ahmedabad followed by Jaipur 
are the leading in construction of affordable housing for urban poor. 
This is also visible in the on-ground activities by the state government where the number of 
tenders has increased for affordable housing which directly benefits us as the competition and as 
we have our core operations in Ahmedabad, Gujarat and currently we execute a couple of 
projects in Rajasthan. While loans which are meant for affordable housing, home loans of ticket 
size less than Rs. 10,00,000 has shown a robust annual growth with rate of 23% over the last 5 
years. Gujarat is among the top 5 states with highest number of affordable housing loan in the 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
last 5 years. There is a robust demand of affordable houses due to decrease in home loan rates. 
With the government creating an eco-system around affordable housing space we find ourselves 
at the epi-center of the huge opportunity, with our core expertise in construction of niche 
government affordable housing units. 
We have been executing government projects on EPC, EPC + PPP and PPP mode, which are 
generally focused on Housing for All mission of government. We are also well-established 
player in developing civic urban infrastructure project like development of medical college 
campus, office complex, BRT stations, multi-level car park, community hall, bus terminals, etc. 
on EPC turnkey PPP mode. For any government projects, we build the project is either of 3 
forms, like EPC, EPC + PPP or PPP. The authorities of our home state Gujarat generally award 
projects on EPC basis or on PPP basis, whereas the Rajasthan government award majority of the 
projects on EPC + PPP basis. 
The EPC projects that we execute are simple construction awarded for engineering, procurement, 
construction and are generally fixed price contract with low risk moderate margin profile. 
However, the project on PPP basis are kind of moderate high-risk margin profile, where the 
company fund the construction of the projects and the government reimburse the company in the 
form of balance vacant land or transferable development rights or the differentiating point of 
these TDRs. The government has itself created a market for these TDRs and are currently very 
high in demand. The third form of project, we execute are a combination of EPC and PPP 
projects, where the government reimburse the part of the development cost through direct 
payments and part through transfer of balance vacant land of the project. Through this mode the 
government, ensures that the project itself subsidizes the cost of the houses for the beneficiary 
rather than government providing direct subsidy to them. 
These kinds of projects are more prevalent in Rajasthan where we have entered in an MOU with 
the government of Rajasthan worth Rs. 400 crores through which we do bid for various civic 
urban infrastructure project including affordable housing. Under this MOU, we have already 
received 5 projects aggregating Rs. 669 million last year. This brings us to discussion of our 
unconfirmed order book which is of Rs. 4,076 million as on 31st March 2017. Of our total order 
book, 65% is towards affordable housing and the balance towards civic urban infrastructure 
projects, which consists of construction of medical college campus and residences at Barmer 
Rajasthan, a multi-level parking in Ahmedabad, Gujarat construction of PMC office building by 
Adani Ports and SEZ in the outskirts of Ahmedabad. Geography wise 59% of our order book is 
from state of Gujarat and the balance 41% is from Rajasthan. 
We were recently awarded project for civic transport and logistics related construction business 
aggregating Rs. 292 million. These projects are for construction of bus terminal facility with an 
iconic structure and design as well as modern facilities that integrate commercial facilities on 
BoT basis. The bus terminal facility construction work envisages development of the latest 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
infrastructures including work space, administrative area, operating area, repair area, passenger 
amenities. These 2 projects are on PPP basis by Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation for 
Amreli and Modasa city in Gujarat. 
With this, I will now invite Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi our CFO, to share the highlights on the 
financials of the company. 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Good afternoon and we thank you all for joining us today on our Q4 FY2017 earnings call. I 
believe you have had an opportunity to see results and presentations that we have circulated and 
uploaded on our website, as well as with respective websites of the BSE and NSE. 
I would now present the standalone results for the quarter and year ended March 31st, 2017. 
Revenue for the Q4 FY2017 grew by 7% from Rs. 692.7 million in Q4 FY2016 to Rs. 740.9 
million. Revenue for FY2017 grew by 22% from Rs. 1,831.1 million in FY2016 to Rs. 2,242.0 
million. On the profitability front the EBITDA for the Q4 FY2017 grew by 49% from Rs. 74.7 
million in Q4 FY2016 to Rs. 111.1 million. During the Q4 we have seen EBITDA margin 
expansion of 420 basis points to 15% from 10.8% in the Q4 FY2016. EBITDA for FY2017 
stands at Rs. 365.3 million compared to Rs. 274.2 million for FY2016, a growth of 33% year-on-
year basis. The EBITDA margin for FY2017 expanded by 130 basis points to 16.3% from 15% 
for the FY2016. 
The profit after tax is Rs. 77.1 million for Q4 FY2017, a growth of 33% compared to Rs. 58 
million in the Q4 FY2016. Profit after tax for FY2017 has grew by 34% from Rs. 170.4 million 
in FY2016 to Rs. 228.4 million. The PAT margin for the Q4 FY2017 improved by 200 basis 
points to 10.4% and the PAT margin for the FY2017 improved by 90 basis points to 10.2%. At 
the March 31st 2017 the standalone net worth is Rs. 2,014.3 million, whereas the standalone gross 
debt is Rs. 1,467.5 million, while the cash and bank balances on the standalone basis is Rs. 51.4 
million, the net debt equity is at the comfortable level of 0.7 on the March 31st, 2017. 
With this, we now open the floor for question and answer, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have the first question from the line of Maulik Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Maulik Shah: 
Sir, I just wanted the outlook on your sales and the EBITDA part and also on the balance sheet 
side, I need the outlook on the debt as well. So, if you could help me with that, please? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, the outlook on the margin front looks better because the unexecuted order book that we 
have has shown increase of the orders that are coming in from EPC + PPP basis and PPP basis. 
So, they are going to account for more number of revenues in FY2018 compared to FY2017, so 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
the margin picture is definitely going to look better than what you see right now and as far as 
debt is concerned the debt has consolidated at this level and the revenues have grown. We have 
not envisaged the immediate need to raise debt. So, we largely look at debt remaining stable or 
may be gradually coming down in the due course of time. 
Maulik Shah: 
So, on the sales part at what rate do you expect to grow for the next 2 years? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Well, I will not be able to come out with categorical number but I think it is safe to assume 
looking at the earning and with the order book that we already have on hand, which is the 
sizeable with more than Rs. 400 crores, i it is going to be a good year going forward and you can 
expect to see the same sort of topline growth that we have seen in the past 3 years and continue 
forward for the next few years to come. 
Maulik Shah: 
On the working capital side as a percentage to sales, what is your guidance on that? As the sales 
will grow on that part of also grow? So how much do you expect? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Definitely the working capital will improve there is no doubt about it. But the percentage would 
be definitely higher than what present financial year was showing this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Prabhat Chandra of Green Field Advisory. 
Please go ahead. 
Prabhat Chandra: 
I have couple of questions, the first question is looking at the project mix, EPC, EPC + PPP and 
PPP we see that proportion of PPP projects have gone down. So, in 2016 on the unexecuted 
order book almost 30% of the projects were PPP but in 2017 that is only 6%. So, my first 
question was, do you still expect the margins to improve considering the PPP projects have gone 
down? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, we will definitely expect the margins to go forward because there are two points here. One 
is the two PPP award contracts that we won in this financial year for constructing bus port. 
Actually the order value is only calculated on the basis of the bus terminal facilities that we had 
to construct, which all put together in both places is combine to about Rs. 30 crores but in both 
places we are going to get to construct 17,000 square meters of commercial space in Amreli and 
34,000 square meter space in Modasa, that is the revenue model of that. So, the overall revenue 
booked on that specific project is going to be substantially higher than Rs. 29 crores. 
Prabhat Chandra: 
So, that is going to support your margin expansion going forward? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes and then going forward we have already participated in lot of PPP bid for which we have not 
yet received the LOI or work orders and the sort of outlook that we see for PPP orders coming in 
is very positive. So, it is possible that moving forward in this current quarter and going forward 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
we would add a few more orders on the PPP front and the percentage that you are talking about 
will more or less be achieved as we grow forward. 
Prabhat Chandra: 
The second question which I had was in relation to the land parcel that you have in area called 
Ranip near Ahmedabad and the second thing is that I do not see any mention of these lands near 
the Suzuki and Honda plant in North Gujarat. So, if you could throw some light on these two as 
in how was the first land acquired, what is the purpose it going to put forward to and second is 
what happened to the land in near the Suzuki plant and has it already been monetized and if not 
then what are the plans for that? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So first I will answer for the Ranip land, where we are deliberating possible avenues either to 
monetize or to develop affordable housing, it is under deliberation. About the Becharaji that 
you are talking about near the Suzuki plant, yes we have signed MoU with the Kataria Group 
and we are in process of acquiring land and as far as the money coming in and the money 
coming out we are in process of preparing white paper specifically for these industrial projects 
which will come out very shortly we were waiting for the results to come out and the white 
paper on the investment and all of that going to come very soon to the market and I will just 
give you a broader idea of what is the development plan of the company there. The company is 
going to develop three different industrial parks in and around the Suzuki plant and we have 
seen very good traction coming in from the logistic players right now because they are the first 
movers usually when the plants start. Suzuki has already started production in February end 
with the modest size of only one assembly line but it is expandable to about 15 million units 
which is the combined capacity of Gurgaon and Manesar put together that is what they plan to 
achieve in the next three years and we see a very good potential going forward because 
everyone see areas like Manesar and Gurgaon grow in a form when an anchor like Maruti is 
coming in and considering the size of the Maruti and the Suzuki plant here it is going to 
definitely transpire into one of those industrial hub going forward. 
Prabhat Chandra: 
So, considering that this is not a government infrastructure plan, I believe the margins would 
be higher on this particular project, so if that is the case how much margins due expect on this? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
See, margin that we would expect on this is the something that the white paper will talk about 
but I will just highlight a couple of positives that is there for the company. See, all of these 
parks that I am talking about are going to be done by SPVs that the company has made already 
and these SPVs will execute the projects. What is in it for Nila is that it is going to get all the 
construction. So the entire development of the industrial park which usually is extensive 
development considering the size of the land that we are proposing plus we are going to offer 
long term lease models to most of the companies because not everybody is looking to purchase 
the land and a lot of people are looking for build-to-suite facilities for long-term lease. So, that 
construction will also be done by Nila for the SPVs. And Nila is obviously going to deal with 
at an arm’s length basis so you can expect the decent general margin level on that front but 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
about the profitability coming in from the park, we will have to wait for the white paper to 
come in, which will be out very shortly. 
Prabhat Chandra: 
One last question which I have if I may is on the operating expenses? So, when I look at the 
operating expenses actually in the 4th quarter both in 2016 and 2017, the operating expenses 
are very high as compared to the previous quarters, is there any particular reason for that when 
you compare 4th quarter with second and 3rd quarters? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Because we have 80% of that project operations expenses compare to the 81% in the FY2016, 
and overall percentage has come down in comparison to FY2016. So, total operations have 
overall increased. So that is why the total operation expenses have increased but the percentage 
is down and that is why the EBITDA level is being improved by certain margin. 
Prabhat Chandra: 
But I am comparing 3rd quarter 2017 with 4th quarter 2017 numbers for operating expenses. 
Himanshu Bavishi: 
During Q3 it was 77%, which has increased to 80%, so it has increased marginally by 3% due 
to the diversity of the project as well as quite a few projects being at certain maturity, these are 
quarterly phenomena, however, if you compare nine-month-to-nine month and year-to-year it 
is in sync. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Manan Mehta, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Manan Mehta: 
Sir, I have couple of questions, sir. So, the first one is, what is our status update on the Girdhar 
Nagar projects sir and are we being able to monetize the TDR that we received from the 
project? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, so first question, the status of Girdhar Nagar project is that we have partly completed the 
project and by end of Q3 of this financial year, the project will be completed in all respect and 
handed over to the civic body and as far as TDR is concerned yes, we are in talks and we have 
finalized few of the TDRs. However, the paper work is still on and we will be able to liquidate 
it very shortly. 
Manan Mehta: 
Sir, the second question is that we have recently got the construction of the bus terminal 
facility which is a kind of a new segment for us. Now I want to understand whether there is a 
change in strategy to go towards asset development business? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
There is no change of strategy and we are actively looking at new and new business models, on 
especially the public-private partnership projects. Government has also been very forthcoming 
in coming out with new ideas and we were actually actively monitoring this bus port space 
because this is not the first time there are already few bus ports up and running in the metros of 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
the state but we consciously kept out of it because the specific revenue model of these projects 
is dependent on the commercial space that you get around the project to develop that. So, we 
were waiting for the Tier-2 cities to come in for this bidding that is why we waited for the 
Tier-2 cities like Amreli and Modasa where we believe that the commercial selling space, the 
realizable value is much better. As far as the demographic relevance is considered you would 
be happy to accept that even in city like Ahmedabad there is a place called Ranip where this 
thing is developed which probably was area of much better relevance few years back. But now 
it does not have that much economic relevance to the functioning of the city, so even though 
there is best of infrastructure right now created as the bus port and commercial value but it is 
possibly a lot of people from Ahmedabad have not seen yet, vis-à-vis when you go to Tier-2 
sort of cities these bus ports are still pretty much in the heart of the city. So, if the commercial 
development is being done there that is going to be in the heart of the city that is why the 
realizable value of this is much better than the metros. So, no real change in stance that we 
want to create more and more assets but yes obviously when you get projects which do create 
assets for you it is always a much better project for the company. 
Manan Mehta: 
Sir, just one last thing sir, wanted to understand, sir we have high loans and advances sir, to 
whom are we given these loans and advances? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Loans and advances are to the contractors and our suppliers. Second, we have given advances 
for the purpose of purchase of land to the tune of Rs.50 odd crores for the acquisition of land at 
Bechraji and Sitapur projects for Maruti project. 
Manan Mehta: 
So, that is why our loans are increased, sir? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
No, loans have comparatively remains at the same level comparison to the previous year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ashish Parekh, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashish Parekh: 
I had couple of questions. The first being now looking at this affordable housing which is 
gaining momentum, are we looking and planning to enter into some new state? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Well, we have been actively looking at a lot of states apart from Rajasthan and we are 
observing those states and we are studying the opportunities and few of the bids that are 
coming out but as soon as we find the relevant opportunities which we feel is going to benefit 
company in the longer run, we are going to venture out in these states but as of now the 
opportunities that are coming in from Rajasthan and Gujarat is showing the appetite for the 
company. But we are actively looking at expanding in other states if the opportunity sounds 
feasible to the company. 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Ashish Parekh: 
And sir, the second question was we have seen some decent expansion of EBITDA and PAT 
margins. So, would this be sustainable? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
No, this is not questionable; I believe it is sign of things to come in the future. As we said last 
year that majority of the revenues were coming in from only EPC business right till half of 
FY2017. From the second half, we have started booking revenues from the PPP projects and 
more revenues again from EPC + PPP projects. That is why the margin picture is showing 
improvement and based on the order book data it is easy to understand that going forward the 
margin is going to improve and that is the sign of things to come. 
Ashish Parekh: 
And I had one last question we recently had large order for affordable housing from Vivyan. 
So, could you shed some light on this order from Vivyan Infrastructures? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, based on our capabilities and the way we have executed Slum Rehabilitation project, we 
have two projects out of which, one is in advance stage of construction where we were very 
efficient in dealing with ground situations, negotiating with the slum dwellers, moving them 
out and starting construction. Vivyan have won this contract of affordable housing and it is a 
slum redevelopment projects and they have given it to us to execute the project on turnkey 
basis looking at the Girdhar Nagar site progress and sort of expertise that we have in executing 
these projects they have given us EPC contracts for same projects because Vivyan has been 
observing the company since a very long time and they appreciate that we have efficient model 
to work this project out at the best way with minimum efforts. That is why they have given the 
order on EPC construction basis to us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pooja Shah, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Pooja Shah: 
Sir, I had only one question regarding on your Becharaji land like last quarter earnings you 
said that you are going to release some white paper on that, so I just wanted to know what is 
the update and when we can expect that to be released? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Well it is under preparation, it will be released as soon as possible. However, the timeline is 
something that we are not in position to give you right now but it will be very shortly because 
we are waiting for the results to come out. So, we are already in advance mode of preparing the 
white paper and we will be getting it to market very soon. 
Pooja Shah: 
Still, I mean when can we expect if you can just let us know because last earnings also you 
said that it would be done? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We are waiting for the financial year to close. So, since the financial year has closed and the 
results we have already announced, it will come out very shortly in the next 4 or 5 weeks. 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Pooja I would like to add something more. We have made Rs. 32 crores of investment in the 
form of loans and advances to our joint venture companies and in these joint venture 
companies, Kent & Romanovia, we have made a total investment of Rs. 90 crores for land 
acquisition. Equal part has been provided by our joint venture partner that is the Kataria 
Group. Remaining we have taken a loan. So, this is the update on the financial and that is how 
our total Rs. 102 crores of loans and advances in total has been provided to these companies. 
So out of that Rs. 50 crores is given to these joint venture companies and Rs. 40 crores other 
advances is given to the suppliers and contractors.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from the line of Prabhat Chandra from Green 
Field Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Prabhat Chandra: 
Just one more question I had on the interest charges. We were expecting the interest charges to 
come down but when I look at the data it seems like the borrowing has gone up just by 1% but 
the interest charges are up by more than 20%, so which means that the borrowing cost have 
gone up. So, would you like to throw some light on that as to what is caused the interest 
charges go up? 
Himanshu Bavishi: 
Yes, it is only due to higher utilization during the year. As you can appreciate the total debt is 
about Rs. 145 crores, which is on balance sheet date. The earlier year’s comparable number 
was Rs. 155 crores. So, while rate of interest has surely gone down, there could have been 
certain incidents where we would have utilized higher, and due to which the overall interest 
appears to be a bit higher. 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
And last year we have just increased the loan in last quarter, so full year utilization might be 
much lower in comparison to this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand 
the conference back to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We would like to thank you again for joining us. With strong order inflow in the last year, 
mainly towards affordable housing this year our execution for the current year sustaining the 
growth statutory which we achieved last year. The diversified order book also gives us a 
cushion as far as terms of maintaining the profitability. With the various state governments 
gearing up to achieve Housing for All targets sooner than planned, we see huge opportunity 
coming our way for the next few years, also the projects under the Smart City Mission being 
taken up more determinately, we see our civic urban infrastructure business getting boost with 
new projects being awarded. Our focus on affordable housing projects as well as civic urban 
infrastructure projects serves diversify and de-risks our business. We look forward to talking to 
you again in the next quarter. In the mean while my colleague and I as well as Strategic 

 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
May 29, 2017 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Growth Advisors, our Investor Relation Advisors, will be happy to take any further questions 
you have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nila Infrastructures Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
