
Page 1 of 16
Orient Green Power Company Limited
Q1 FY 2018 Conference Call Transcript
August 11, 2017
Moderator
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Orient Green Power
Company Limited Q1 FY18 Earning Conference Call. As a reminder all
participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode. Please note that this
conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India.
Thank you and over to you, sir!
Mayank Vaswani
Good morning, everyone. I welcome all of you to Orient Green Power
Company Ltd.’s earnings call to discuss the performance for the quarter
ended June 30, 2017.
We have with us today Mr. Venkatachalam – CEO and Managing Director
and Mr. K V Kasturi – Chief Financial Officer.
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made
in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks
and uncertainties. Documents relating to our financial performance have been
e-mailed to all of you earlier and these have also been posted on our
corporate website.
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Venkatachalam for his
comments. Thank you and over to you sir.
S. Venkatachalam
Thank you Mayank and a very good morning to all of you and thanks for
attending the investor call. I am sure some of you would have gone through
the presentation and also had a look at the results posted at the Stock
Exchange.
We are glad to announce a best ever consolidated performance for the
Company for Q1. The Company had a turnover of Rs 154 crore with a record
EBITDA of Rs 110 crore, and a PBT of Rs 9 crore. The best ever performance
has been possible mainly due to a far better Grid Availability in Tamil Nadu
where we have 308 Mw out of our 425 Mw Wind assets, coupled with a better
Wind Season also. The Grid Availability for the quarter was 95% as against
60 to 75% in years prior to that. Tamil Nadu evacuated a record 4,400 Million
Units of Wind Power in Q1 as against 3100 & 1600 MU in previous two Q1

Page 2 of 16
an exponential growth in terms of wind evacuation. Incidentally, TN
evacuated over 100 Million Units on two consecutive days i.e. Aug 3rd and 4th
. All this is the result of years of effort put in by the Wind Associations in TN
coupled with a very positive approach from TANGEDCO. Overall, we see this
positive trend continuing in the years to come and with the strengthening of
the North South grid and more export of temporary surpluses in power, we
only see it becoming even better.
Further to this, you must be aware of our recent proposal of Sale of our
Biomass units to our Holdco, Shriram Ventures Ltd. or its subsidiaries. We
had earlier proposed to demerge Wind and Biomass units as two separate
listed entities. This involved getting an NOC from the NCLT, as per the latest
procedure, and NOC from some of our bankers. The process was getting to
be time consuming and we also believed that considering the challenges
faced by the Biomass industry, listing the same may not deliver the
necessary value to the Shareholders. Over the last three years, over 30-40%
of the losses have come from Biomass, which constitutes ~18% of our overall
portfolio. Further, the average EBITDA of Biomass over the last three years
is approximately negative 3% as against 70% and improving for the wind
business. Further, after sale of the Sanjog (Rajasthan) unit and the Kolhapur
Cogen unit, the overall Biomass portfolio will constitute 68MW. Considering
all the above factors, we decided to divest our Biomass business and sell the
same to S.V.L. or its subsidiaries. The valuation for the sale has been done
by Ernst & Young, a reputed independent assessor. We have circulated the
postal ballot for voting by the non-promoter investors and we should
complete the same by end September 2017. With this, you will realize I am
sure that huge amount of debt will also go out, biomass debt of over Rs. 300
crore including the DY Patil debt as well as the shareholders funds goes up
by Rs. 50 crore and accumulated losses will also go out with the biomass
business.
The proposed merger of IL&FS with OGPL Wind businesses was temporarily
kept in abeyance to complete the above process of Sale of our Biomass
units. With the Due Diligence by the independent Financial, Technical and
Legal teams nearing its completion both the teams will go ahead only if the
respective valuations are considered suitable for the merger.
As far as RECs are concerned, the CERC vide their suo moto order dated
Mar 28, 2017 proposed that the floor price for RECs be reduced from Rs
1,500 per MWh to Rs 1,000 per MWh with effect from April 1, 2017. This was
challenged by the Wind Power Association and the Honorable Supreme
Court granted a stay vide their order dated May 8, 2017. In July 2017 the
Honorable Supreme Court allowed commencement of non-solar REC trading
and directed that, till the case is finalized, the buyer will pay a floor price of
Rs 1,500 of which the seller will immediately get credit of Rs 1,000 and the
balance Rs 500 will be kept in an escrow account with CERC.
Further to this, the 5/25 scheme for the Beta Wind assets which constitute
242 Mw has been completed wherein Rs 764 crore of the Rupee Term Loan
apart from Rs. 180 term loan from ECB, the rupee term loan tenure has been
extended repayment facility to 2023 to 2033. The ECB component of this
loan to Beta Wind farms of Rs 180 crore will terminate in 2022. The other
loan portfolios of wind have been reworked with far lower interest rates and

Page 3 of 16
longer tenures and details of the same will be shared as soon as we sign the
agreements with the bankers by end-September 2017.
The 20 MW co-gen unit at Kolhapur is being sold to the Sugar Mill itself and
the process of sale including transfer of licenses, PPAs etc. will be completed
by over the next two –three months, we expect it to be completed by
November 2017. The bank loan pertaining to this DY Patil unit will also be
taken over by their bankers. Similarly a 10 MW unit, Sanjog in Rajasthan is
being run by the buyer completely will takeover with his bankers by
December 2017.
Overall, we see a very positive outlook going forward. I now hand over to
Kasturi who will take you through the financials.
K. V. Kasturi
Thank you Mr. Venkatachalam. Good morning everyone and thank you for
taking the time to join our earnings call. Let me quickly run through our key
consolidated financial highlights for the quarter, following which we can take
questions.
We have started the year on a strong note with continued growth in revenues
which were higher by 19% on a y-o-y basis to Rs. 154 crore. The
improvement in operational performance is visible in the sharp improvement
in EBITDA which is higher by 27% to Rs. 110 crore. The EBITDA margin
improved to 72% from 67% last year, an improvement of 500 basis points.
The Wind business continued to perform well during the current quarter
carrying forward from the previous year on the back of consistent availability
of wind and improved transmission infrastructure. Revenues from the Wind
business stood at Rs. 130 crore for the quarter as against Rs. 100 crore
generated during Q1 FY17, higher by 30%.  We have a total of 425 Mw of
Wind Power Capacity and the annualized PLF in the first quarter was ~27%
Revenues from Biomass business stood at Rs. 23 crores for the quarter as
against Rs. 28 crore generated during Q1 FY17, lower by 18%. The
performance though is not comparable given the reduced size of the biomass
business following the sale of Rajasthan plant. However, we had selected 4
biomass plants and infused working capital to source appropriate quantities
of feedstock – these plants have been running at higher PLFs resulting in
improved performance. The resulting operational leverage has resulted in
EBIDTA of Rs. 4 crore at a margin of 18%.
Depreciation for the quarter remained steady and stood at Rs. 39 crore as
against Rs. 42 crore reported during Q1 FY17.
Moving on to finance cost, interest outgo for the quarter stood at Rs. 62 crore
as against Rs. 67 crore reported during corresponding period previous year.
Addressing the liability side has been a key focus area in the recent past. As
shared earlier we have already restructured Rs.764 crore of term loans under
the 5/25 scheme and the benefits are apparent in the form of improved cash
flows and a stronger liquidity profile. As Mr. Venkatachalam just mentioned,
we have also made progress on the other loans and will share details upon
completing the relevant procedures with our bankers in end-September.

Page 4 of 16
Coming to asset sales, we have also been in discussion to monetize our
stake in selected biomass units. In addition to receipt of sale proceeds, these
asset sales will take relevant debt against those assets outside of OGPL’s
books further deleveraging the balance sheet. The proposed sale to the
holding company SVL Ltd. will also result in write back of the accumulated
losses enabling a positive impact debt-equity ratio.
Revenue from REC’s were limited following discontinuation of RECs trading
in light of CERC’s order to lower the floor price for RECs. While the Supreme
Court has through its order in July made interim provisions for the trading to
continue, the uncertainty resulted in a dip in trading of certificates. For the
first quarter of 2018, we traded 22,500 certificates realizing Rs.2.25 crore of
REC revenues. Our inventory as on June 30, 2017 stood at ~5lacs
certificates valued at Rs.75 crore based on the floor price of Rs.1,500 per
certificate.
To conclude, our strategic initiatives coupled with improving macros should
help us to sustain the performance in the future. We are confident of
significantly transforming the balance sheet by the end of this fiscal. The
improving financial position and consistent cash flow generation places us in
a position of strength to execute on plans to create further value for
shareholders.
That’s all from me. We can now take your questions.
Moderator
Thank you. We have the first question from the line of Vijay Subramanian
from Trustline. Please go ahead.
Vijay Subramanian
Just wanted to know when do you expect this IL&FS merger news expected
because first you said 3 months then extended to 3 months. Now, expect in
August, September, when do you expect the merger details to be
announced?
S. Venkatachalam
See, basically as I mentioned to you, I mean we were first looking at since it
is going to be only the merger of the wind businesses, we came up with a
proposal of divesting the Biomass unit so that there is more convenience in
terms of this thing. So, the postal ballet process has started for that, this
posted a couple of days back and we will be starting talks with IL&FS in the
next couple of weeks. By end of August, definitely we will have some
headway in terms of as to the progress of the talks of merger with IL&FS.
Vijay Subramanian
Okay. There is another question which I have is that if you see currently the
Government is re-negotiating the power purchase agreements with a lot of
people, then there is no interest in companies to go ahead and put a new
wind power project. If you see the numbers of Inox Wind or Suzlon’s wind
are pretty bad because of these reasons. And what you see do you expect
the huge downward pressure in your price which you supply to the private
operators or how do you see the outlook going ahead?
S. Venkatachalam
See, first of all, the Government has kind of they are trying to reopen PPAs
of the recent past. Because in Andhra, we got tender at Rs.3.15 and then
seeing a Rs.2.44 rate in Rajasthan they started their eyes opened up and

Page 5 of 16
said can we re-negotiate further. Really speaking, these are all sovereign
guarantees and even the MNRE in meeting with the Wind Association a
couple of weeks back, they assured that we will talk to the states and see
that they will not re-negotiate these PPAs because it is not something that
we can really do. And our PPAs for Gujarat and Andhra are at least the wind
businesses they are nearly signed for 4 to 5 years back. As far as Tamil Nadu
is concerned, we do not see any price pressures because Tamil Nadu we go
along with the industrial tariff for our group captive customers. And in fact,
there is a document with TANGEDCO post the UDAY Scheme is looking at
a 6% increase in next year. So, we always get 50% share of the increase in
the tariffs. So, going forward we really do not see any price pressures as far
as Tamil Nadu is concerned. So, we seem to be protected from all sides. And
I really do not see whether that we can really open PPA, it is all temporary
phenomena and going forward also see there will be price pressures for
future investments which we will take call as and when we are making
investments. We will take a call as to what IRRs we can generate from these
investments and then go forward with them.
Vijay Subramanian
So, the Andhra expansion plan. Your expansion plan in Andhra is on course
or you have to renegotiate or you are working on it?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, we are working on it. In fact, because of these re-negotiation, etc., of
course the Andhra has promised that other than the GBI it will still be similar
kind of rates. So, we are still working on it and we will get back to you as
soon we kind of the debt is also being tied-up. So, the next few weeks we
should have the answer for that.
Vijay Subramanian
Okay. I recently read an article saying that from the existing plant, there is a
way to increase the efficiency by doing some small CAPEX. Is that possible
in your wind projects your wind mills or that is only for specific operators,
specific manufacturers?
S. Venkatachalam
See, of course there are lots of these things innovations which keep coming
up in fact with our O&M teams also we keep innovating and looking at ways
and means to increase the wind kind of generation because if you have
anything specific, any specific article, we can always look into it and we would
be most willing to hear this. Because we keep reading various articles on in
terms of improvement in the efficiencies and we keep trying out these things
to improve our own efficiencies.
Moderator
Thank you. Mayank, would you like to proceed with your questions, while we
wait for participants?
Mayank Vaswani
Yes. This is for Mr. Kasturi. Sir, just for the benefit of participants, could you
break up the total debt into the wind and biomass? And could you give us
sense of how much would move out once the biomass sales are completed
and once all three of the biomass transactions are completed and then only
remainder of the wind debt. If we could have a sense of what average cost
of debt could be, sir.
K. V. Kasturi
So, the total debt as of now is around close to Rs. 2,000 crore. Out of this
Rs. 2,000 crore; Rs. 1,700 crore is in the wind actually around Rs. 300 crore

Page 6 of 16
in the biomass. But this includes even group debt also, okay. So, as of now
all the biomass units are moving to our SVL Limited, so close to Rs. 300 crore
of debt will move out of the portfolio. So, we will be approximately around Rs.
1,700 crore of debt will be there which comprises of around close to Rs. 1,300
crore is the bank debt and around Rs. 400 crore will be the group debt. As
far as bank debt is concerned, the average will be around close to anywhere
around 13% will be the average once by the final restructuring on the few
wind assets are currently in place. So, we will be average around 13% and
the group debt will be around right now it is around 10.5% that we will
continue.
Moderator
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vishal Periwal from
May Bank Kim Eng. Please go ahead.
Vishal Periwal
Continuing with the previous participant question on industry moving from F-
I-T to auction based tariff. Now, in terms of states if we segregate, can you
throw some light on which all states they have commented, they want to
renegotiate the PPA or probably they approached you?
S. Venkatachalam
See, nobody has approached us and only people who have been
approached, or the people who have signed tariffs in the recent past, I mean
in the last 6 months or so on the Karnataka and Andhra approach and that
was only for projects which have not been completed. In fact, in our case the
projects have been in operations over the last 3 years to 4 years when the
PPAs have been signed. Nobody has approached and they will not approach
also, I mean we are very confident about that. And even the projects which
have not been completed but signed the MNREs assured the association
that this will not happen; they will not allow this to happen. So, we do not see
that as a threat and going forward we will have to see how we go forward
with the kind of tariffs and I personally believe that this is only going to be a
temporary phenomenon because tariffs which we are seeing may not be
really workable or bankable Rs. 2.44 in Reva or Rs. 2.97 in Badla. In fact, we
have talked to a number of financial investors and they really do not see that
make sense. So, if it is there, it is there but it has only created a temporary
kind of it, upset the apple cart for the time being. But going forward, I the do
not see it is a threat.
Vishal Periwal
Okay. So, if I just continue on this. So, will this be right to say that states
where only MoU is signed not a firm PPA is signed, they are re-negotiating
those MoUs or even the firm PPA they plan to be re-negotiate may not be
like impacting us but from industry perspective?
S. Venkatachalam
See, it is only a threat at this point in time, the power secretaries of these two
states have threatened to negotiate PPAs of units which have not yet been
commissioned So,  it is only to that extent but as I see it, it is one of the PPA
signed it becomes a sovereign document kind of thing. So, really speaking
they cannot do that, it can be challenged in a court of law.
Vishal Periwal
Okay, that is helpful. And second in terms of our CAPEX plan, which are
projects that we have that we plan to commission probably this year, next
year or any states level tendering that we are participating or any states they
have coming out with the tenders if you can share some light on this?

Page 7 of 16
S. Venkatachalam
See, as I had just mentioned, see the last 3 to 4 years because of the grid
back down issues, we were focusing on really consolidating and improving
the Tamil Nadu situation and a lot of effort has been put along with as I said
the positive attitude from TANGEDCO has really helped us from a level of
40% grid back down to less than 5% that we saw in quarter one. So, this has
been real effort to get this all our units wind units back to profitability. Now
going with the past 3 to 4 years, the kind of laws we have incurred due to this
grid back down we really did not focus so much on the CAPEX. There is a
43 Mw which is spending on the same Andhra asset because the grid and
the infrastructure the land infrastructure is all in place. So, we are raising
funds for that and we are talking to the A. P. Government for reopening that
particular PPA as such. I mean that we have been very favorable to that
because it is only a pending thing, it was already committed in the past. But
going forward, we will be very prudent and we will be cautious in terms of
what kind of IRRs we can generate from the future projects, what kind of
tariffs. So, right now there are no big tenders, in fact there was a tender in
Tamil Nadu which has been just called off has been postponed because it
has been challenged by various associations. So, no big tenders as of now
that we see. But going forward we will watch and then we will take a call.
Vishal Periwal
Okay. On this Tamil Nadu front, have they come out with the new dates in
terms of when it will be, they will come out with the new tender and anything
on that front?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, see, we have no idea when that new tender is going to come up because
many of the states are saying that a surplus power available, so they really
do not need any more power, be it wind or solar but then for us, see as a
company we definitely have secondary options also available in terms of
expansion not just the new tenders or the primary expansions that we need
to take up. Secondary options are always available, we have got our eyes
open for those. And a lot of opportunities are opening up and you can see a
lot of these things are happening in the market right now.
Vishal Periwal
Okay, one theoretical question only, so for the Andhra Pradesh if the terms
of the PPA are I mean if they propose you to I mean the tariff to be reduced
to say Rs.3.46. As a developer, will you be comfortable with this kind of tariff?
S. Venkatachalam
Clearly no because see the Rs.3.46 is not a workable tariff for that particular
site. The Government also has realized that in fact the power minister has
gone on record saying that this Rs.3.46 is only valid for a particular size and
a particular PLF let us say 35% PLF in those sites in Tamil Nadu where it has
been quoted. So, Andhra is typically between 26% and 27% of the size that
we have. If you go to M. P., you will probably get 22%. So, obviously the
tariffs are, Rs. 3.46 is definitely not a workable tariff for Andhra.
Vishal Periwal
Okay,so, but in Tamil Nadu the tariffs which are being quoted or probably
some of the sites in Gujarat. So, do we have like technology in India which
can give a PLF of 35% now or it is still people are kind of…
S. Venkatachalam
See, basically it depends on two factors, one is the wind site itself the wind
potential of that site coupled with a technology that you have in terms of
higher hub height in our bigger diameter of the blades. So these are the
destruct area of the blades that is something which goes into directly

Page 8 of 16
proportional to pi R square. With the new technologies which are coming up,
there are people going beyond 2.1 Mw. So, if you really see the wind has
gone from 250 Kw to the Mw classes. And there are one or two sites which
are giving more than 35% even one or two which are giving 40%. So it's site
dependent also and technology dependent.
Moderator
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar
from HSBC. Please go ahead.
Shrinidhi Karlekar
Sir, I have a question on this recently Madhya Pradesh is contemplating to
take away 'must-run' status on renewable energy. So I just wanted to know
your thoughts on that and would that translate into other states such as
Gujarat and Tamil Nadu also considering that?
S. Venkatachalam
See, basically, this has been the subject of talk from various states. As far as
the Electricity Act is concerned, the 'must-run' status has to be guaranteed
for all renewables. But having said that, see, Tamil Nadu its two years, three
years back, they were not able to enforce it. They said, see, if there is so
much of fluctuation in the renewables and how do you expect us to evacuate
when the demand is also fluctuating minute by minute. So we really worked
with the Tamil Nadu government, they helped us out by shutting down
thermal power plants during the wind season, doing the scheduling and
forecasting, doing export in fact from last year they started exporting surplus,
momentary surpluses to the southern region itself and then going forward
with the north-south grid corridor also getting strengthened. We expect them
to evacuate practically the entire power. So, in fact, this year there was a little
bit of a grid back down issue in Rajasthan for wind operators. So, it's basically
a matter of learning and in fact we even did a big exercise, we took the
TANGEDCO senior management along with their grid operators, the Wind
Associations took them to Europe. And saw how Denmark and other
countries are able to run on wind power for, see, 100% of the power in certain
days is supplied by wind power, a fluctuating wind power that too. So, the
European grid is an integrated grid where they act as sources and things.
So, when the wind goes up the other shut down and so on and so forth. So
they balance the grid very beautifully. So this learning has been translated
into Tamil Nadu and you see the results of all these efforts. So the same
efforts need to be translated and the education needs to be carried forward
to other states as well. I think it's a manageable problem.
Shrinidhi Karlekar
No, sir, I was wondering whether it is coming from the technical aspect of
the, like, transmission and infrastructure or it is coming from the commercial
angle that the renewable is at the historical capacity that has come in
renewable, it has come at a higher price and so and Discom situation is not
great. So, incrementally they want to procure power, which is at a lower price,
right. So isn't that the driver to take away the 'must-run' status?
S. Venkatachalam
No, not really. See, as per the Electricity Act, they cannot violate the 'must-
run' status and the tariffs in most of the states are quite comparable to the
tariffs, grid parity with coal tariffs also. Now we technically….
Shrinidhi Karlekar
Sir, the grid parity is like incremental capacity right. The capacity which has
come like three years back that is not at parity, right?

Page 9 of 16
S. Venkatachalam
Yes. What capacity has come three-years back, in fact, in Tamil Nadu they
are already all the commitments, in fact, Tamil Nadu, the TANGEDCO is
buying wind power at Rs. 3.59 paisa, though we are on group captive but
they have been evacuating the entire thing. They have been putting all the
efforts, but despite the fact that TANGEDCO has losses, accumulated losses
of several thousands of crore. Now the question of managing the demand,
see, the demand fluctuates during the day and the wind also fluctuate. So if
there is a scheduling and forecasting in place along with the open grid
through the countries where they can actually trade-off the excess power to
other states. It can technically even go to Tripura from Tamil Nadu, I mean,
it is after all only an accounting entry. So, the grid, I mean, it's only a question
of them getting to manage the grid better and this has been demonstrated in
Tamil Nadu. So this is what we are trying to tell the Honorable Power Minister
also that these are learnings that we can carry forward. And even, see, the
other thing as you mentioned see the demand has not really gone up in the
last couple of years. If you see Tamil Nadu, the demand has really going on
from air-conditioners and a little bit in terms of pump sets. Industrial demand
has not really gone up and once the industrial demand goes up, we really
see that, sky is the limit, I mean, there will be a shortage of power. Today,
there is technically no shortage of power, though there are power cuts, but
what the government claims is no shortage of power.
Shrinidhi Karlekar
Right, and sir the last quarter grid availability was 95% right?
S. Venkatachalam
That's right, yes.
Shrinidhi Karlekar
And practically to what level it can go, , if we have a good infrastructure?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, practically in Gujarat and Andhra, they are evacuating 98% of the wind
power that is being generated. Very rarely they give you a kind of a shutdown.
See, what happens in Tamil Nadu why the issue came up, see, Tamil Nadu
grid size is about 13,000 Mw kind of grid size, which fluctuates based on a
very hot day you get more of goes up. On a cooler day, on a rainy day etc.,
the demand goes down to about 10,000 Mw. And the wind installed capacity
is about 7,800 Mw in Tamil Nadu. So if that fluctuates on a given day between
say, let's say, 2,000 and 6,000 during the day and they have to maintain the
frequency bandwidth between 49.9 cycles to 50.05, in fact, these norms were
tightened by CERC three to four years back that's when the problem came
up. So earlier it was 49 to 50.5. So they had a huge bandwidth to play with
and they were not, these UI charges were not very, penal charges were not
very high. So, with the stricter grid controls and with so much of wind infirm
power which has been put into the grid, I mean, their wind installed capacity
is 7,800 on a demand of only 13,000. So, Andhra and Gujarat do not have
this problem because their wind is just about balance, it's only about 30% of
their grid demand is by the installed capacity of the infirm power sources wind
or solar.
Shrinidhi Karlekar
Right, and sir the last one. So, we are on a, like, we are selling it to group
captive. So even if like, typically in case of feed-in tariff we have 25-year feed-
in tariff which is a guarantee right, but life of a wind turbine could be higher.
So, do you see particular wind turbine can last for, let's say, more than 25
years.

Page 10 of 16
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, see, some of our wind turbines are in excess of 20 years at least some
of the Andhra assets. And except barring a couple of them which we are,
kind of, abandoned, most of them are still working,. But really speaking, see
there are opportunities for repowering which will be available once the policy
comes in place, the repowering policy is still not clear, they are still offering
a lower tariffs and once that is in place. So we will definitely look at
repowering because those lands are really valuable wind sites which have
the southern part of Tamil Nadu, the Kanyakumari belt, the belt size are
occupied by the lower capacity in old technology machines because that's
where it all started.
Shrinidhi Karlekar
And sir you have land as well as substation it belongs to the company, right?
S. Venkatachalam
That's right, yes, so once the opportunity comes up we'll definitely look at it,
but otherwise we'll slog it as we still slog it to.
Shrinidhi Karlekar
And you can trade that as well, right. If you decide upon, like, I may not want
to invest incrementally in wind. You can trade that as well, like, after some
time, right it's your asset right? Yes.
S. Venkatachalam
We always trade that and there are enough opportunities for at least the
newer IPPs that are coming up. They are looking at….
Shrinidhi Karlekar
Right. Exactly, Yes, and you can also develop if like whenever it comes.
S. Venkatachalam
Certainly, but we will take it as it comes, I mean, depending on that.
Moderator
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudhakar Prabhu from Span
Capital. Please go ahead.
Sudhakar Prabhu
I have three questions. So first is on this Biomass sale, so when do you
expect this transaction to be completed?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, first is, see, we have started the postal ballot process about two days
back we posted it. And we have an AGM also so where we also announced
it and explained to the shareholders. So, the postal ballots will be completed
by beginning of September, September first week we will complete the postal
ballot. And then we start the process of sale to our this thing, so by
September end is when we see this concluding. And as I said about Rs.300
crore plus of debt goes out of the books and the shareholders' funds
improved by about Rs.50 crore and also the accumulated loss of biomass
also goes out with that. So, on a Rs.74 crore share base you can easily work
out how it pans out for the shareholders.
Sudhakar Prabhu
And the net cash inflow is Rs.50 crore, right.
K. V. Kasturi
No, actually how the transaction will happen is net is around close to Rs.80
odd crore will come.
S. Venkatachalam
Along with the debt, so along with the enterprise value.

Page 11 of 16
K. V. Kasturi
Enterprise value is around close to Rs.275 crore. So all this eight biomass
units and the debt will be around Rs.193-Rs.195 crore debt will go. So the
Rs.80 odd crore will come in the system which we will be using it for
liquidating some of the debt structure.
Sudhakar Prabhu
Okay. So Rs.80 crore will come into the listed entity.
K. V. Kasturi
Yes, for OGPL, Yes.
Sudhakar Prabhu
And secondly on this IL&FS thing. This transaction has been delayed or the
talks have been delayed for almost 6 months now. So when do you expect
this transaction to be closed or at least the talks to be closed and final
decision to be taken?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, see, as I said by August end definitely we'll have something concrete
on that. We also went a little bit on standby because we were focusing on
divesting the biomass business which was a necessary thing. So it's only a
pure wind business that gets merged in. And as I have said, definitely it will
only go based on the relative valuations that we get from each other and if
the both the entities are comfortable with the relative valuations.
Sudhakar Prabhu
The question I'm trying to ask is what is the reason that talks are being
delayed? Is it because of valuation or is it because of business?
S. Venkatachalam
No, due diligence is more or less complete, but we believe it is for the
demerger of the divestment of the biomass. We wanted to get that process
also. So we got Ernst & Young to value our biomass business. We thought it
will be a cleaner process, if we instead of having the biomass with a separate
entity because the NCLT process of demerger of biomass and wind into two
listed entity is going to take infinite amount of time. So, we said, okay, it's
better to go through this process and keep biomass as an unlisted entity. So
then we have a clear wind business, which we can consider the merger to
IL&FS or whichever turns out to be fruitful to both the entities listed.
Sudhakar Prabhu
But more or less you are saying that the deal is done?
S. Venkatachalam
No comments as of now because we'll have to see when we actually set
across the negotiation table with the numbers that we have got from the
independent entities like KPMG and the technical and the legal DD teams
that have worked on it.
Sudhakar Prabhu
Okay. So, let's assume if the deal doesn't go through and what is the future
for this company. See you have 425 megawatts of operating assets. And on
this, you can do maximum EBITDA of around Rs.200 to Rs.250 crore. So,
how will you take this company forward, if we assume that the merger doesn't
go through.
S. Venkatachalam
No, in fact, see if you really see the wind EBITDA of the last year, it will be
425 megawatts is close to Rs.290 crore with mapping almost 293 crore of
the total nothing came from biomass. So, the entire Rs.293 crore has come
from the wind business. With even in the first quarter, if you see there is a
Rs. 25 crore increase in the turnover with 6 crore units being extra pumped

Page 12 of 16
in by the wind business itself. So, more than Rs. 25 crore has been the upside
in the first quarter and it all flows directly to the bottom-line in the EBITDA.
So with the second quarter also finding out to be good. In fact, we are almost
halfway through the second quarter. But I can see without making any
forward-looking thing, but at least Rs.35 to Rs.40 crore increase over the last
year's number. I can clearly see that happening or even more if not anything
else. And going forward, we see the wind business will become a profitable
entity on its own. After which, the sky is the limit and definitely bankers and
others would be more willing to talk to us and financial institutions also.
Investors because with the biomass clouding the entire thing investors were
always looking at us with, I mean, many of them were interested in the wind
portfolio, but when it comes to biomass, they would always kind of step aside.
Sudhakar Prabhu
Okay. So the reason why I'm asking this, you have been struck at around
425 Mw for a long time and even your expansion is getting delayed, I think,
it has been delayed almost more than 1.5 years now. So, that is the reason
why I'm asking you this question?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes. It’s a perfectly valid question. Okay, because of the past record etc. it
was also difficult to raise more money with the bankers. Also now they see
the performance, the bankers are, in fact, coming forward is very keen to take
this forward at this point in time.
Sudhakar Prabhu
Right. And is there any debt reduction plan other than this merger thing.
K. V. Kasturi
Right now, only thing is, what we are now looking at is only trying to reduce
the interest rates. We don't have any immediate plan to repay any significant
loan. Only thing is we are trying to bring down the interest cost. We are in
advanced stage, are in close to Rs.100 crore debt, very costly one. So
probably maybe end of August or maybe end of September we should be
able to close the deal.
Sudhakar Prabhu
Right. Sir, lastly is the IL&FS assets making decent returns on investment?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes. We are waiting for their numbers as well. As I said, it's not proper for us
to comment when the DDs in progress. Definitely, we will get back to you
once we have the finalized numbers of the IL&FS wind portfolio, right.
Sudhakar Prabhu
Okay. So, you are saying that by the end of this August, you will have some
clarity.
S. Venkatachalam
Definitely.
Moderator
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Deepak Agarwala
from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.
Deepak Agarwala
Good to hear the positive commentary at least from the grid and the Tamil
Nadu perspective. Couple of things sir, Do you see a fair bit of consolidation
happening in this space given there are some players who want to grow and
there are some players who just entered as financial investors and possibly
mid-way whether the assets under construction or they are just

Page 13 of 16
commissioned and sell-off and sell it to the larger players. Do you see these
things happening?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes. In fact a lot of possibilities can emerge because people even who have
quoted this Rs. 2.44 are looking to sell those, that is for the solar part of it.
Even the people who have quoted Rs. 3.46 that's Inox and others are looking
for buyers for those projects. And so and then you also hear things like
ReNew merging with Orange those kinds of things that that our IL&FS with
OGPL that's been also been a talk which you see when you go to the
renewable industry seminars.
Deepak Agarwala
In fact now even Ostro Energy is on the block by…
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, so we never know what pans out and how these things work out. I mean
the kind of investor interest especially whereas people have taken a little bit
of a step back in the last couple of months. Having done 5,400 Mw of wind
and equivalent amount of solar in the last year, at least the bids have taken
place. But, this year people don't see any future horizon. In the first three
months, everybody is looking quite glum and in fact there have been a lot of
people who have been sent out from many of these wind manufacturers. I
mean there have been a lot of layoffs in the wind manufacturers part of it. So
my reading is these will all be temporary phenomenal, once the demand goes
up, again there will be a renewed interest. In fact, two, three years back we
had this ADI being removed and for one year there was a complete lull as far
as the wind industry is concerned. There is another lull which we see at this
point in time, but I think this will again open up. Someday, it has to open up,
I mean, actually we don't have come back.
Deepak Agarwala
No, no I'm sure it will come back.
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, it will come back.
Deepak Agarwala
Especially we already have 2,500 of bids in the market. So, though, it may
not be for you but the bids are already there like in the markets so.
S. Venkatachalam
Right. Absolutely.
Deepak Agarwala
And sir, secondly if we take the argument on the group captive because this
is a segment which initially lot of companies including yours has resorted to,
rather than relying on state level PPAs. So, do you think as an alternative in
this environment, the group captive can actually make a comeback and some
serious players can actually go for it, the model wants to grow?
S. Venkatachalam
Group captive only Tamil Nadu had increased the group captive models and
not many other states you find people following the group captive model,
more in terms of the open access model that many other states are following.
Of course, one is the renewable industry is saying that make the cross
subsidy charges nil or make it even streamlined across the country because
each state charges a different amount as far as the cross subsidy charges
are concerned. But group captive itself is being revisited by the central
government and even Tamil Nadu wants to redefine the preference and the
equity portion of the group captive, but okay, that's because a few of them, it

Page 14 of 16
will not affect OGPL, but few of them have shown a very low equity base to
facilitate the group captive structure. But as far as OGPL is concerned, we
don't stand to have any risks on that count as such.
Deepak Agarwala
Okay. And also, in terms of, because many of this especially the industry and
the large consumers. Since they are also obligated agencies and now we are
seeing what's happening in the REC unfortunately for last 3-4 months. So
because all these obligated agency will also be now under pressure to meet
their RPO obligation apart from the state discoms. So, isn't that open a
market for you to sell the power to those agencies, like, is there any way out
in that?
S. Venkatachalam
Not really. In fact, see, REC is still a thing that has to be traded in the
exchanges only. And as you rightly pointed out, there is not really much
pressure which is coming from the regulators because unless the regulators
put pressure whether it is Rs. 1.50 or Rs. 1. What we want is to liquidate that
amount. In fact there is no real way where you can trade the RECs elsewhere
or supply power to the obligated entities which are in other states. In fact
predominantly we are in Tamil Nadu, we can't supply to, let's say, Haryana
or, let's say Bengal to meet their power obligations because still there is no
clarity on the transmission charges or the cross subsidy charges across. It
may not work out considering the present tariffs and present lack of demand
at this point in time.
Deepak Agarwala
Why do you say there is no clarity because there is no interstate transmission
charge that has been waved off already?
S. Venkatachalam
It has been waved off, but then see basically because the power exchanges
the trading itself is at a very low level. So will you be able to supply wind
power or any power for that matter at the existing exchange rates that are
prevalent right now. So unless that improves, I don't think that will really pan
up in terms of the sale to a third state which is far from yours actually.
Deepak Agarwala
Okay. And just last bookkeeping question. Can you give us the debt and the
cash number as on 30th June?
S. Venkatachalam
See as on 30the June, we have overall debt of about Rs.2,000 crore as which
Kasturi pointed out and about Rs.270 crore is from biomass and another
Rs.40 crore, Rs.45 crore will go out with the DY Patil unit also. So the wind
will be less than Rs.1,700 crore of debt which constitutes about Rs.400 crore
from the group itself and rest is Rs.1,300 crore with the banks. Now the
Rs.1,300 crore is more or less Rs.1,000 crore with the beta entity which is
where we have done the 5/25 portion of it about Rs.180 crore of that Rs.1,000
is close to on the ECB part. So remaining Rs.270 crore odd is from the old
wind assets which we have actually completed the renegotiation. We are
about to sign the documents, but we'll have the news in the next couple of
weeks that we have been able to renegotiate those rates also. So lot of good
things happening. We see at least the debt of the interest burden going down
by about Rs.30-Rs.40 crore, if not more.
Deepak Agarwala
Okay. And the cash position?

Page 15 of 16
K. V. Kasturi
See cash position definitely we will have to wait and see because what will
happen and we are doing a lot of banking of power, especially during the
season the substantial units are now getting banked. And we are also
evening out the cash flow because we don't want sudden spurt in the cash
and then reducing the cash in subsequent periods. So what we have done is
basically the even out the cash flows even during the off season also. So that
you are able to maintain a steady cash flows and also meeting the bank
obligations on a regular basis. So right now we are particularly on the loan
side. Probably by end of September, we should be able to bring everything
under normal.
Deepak Agarwala
Yes, once we have better ratings also I think we'll be able to pitch for better
interest rate even lower than what is prevalent today that kind of thing. Those
kind of things we can pitch for.
K. V. Kasturi
Only small concern is on the AP Discom. See, currently the AP Discom is
delaying their payments. Earlier they used to pay by between 35 to 45 days.
Now the delay is anywhere between 75 to 100 days actually. So we are now
working with the AP Discom for bringing within the 45 days' time, but that will
take time. So that is a little bit cause of concern for us, but otherwise on the
realization of receivables from the other group captive as well as Gujarat is
very much on track.
Moderator
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vijay Subramanian
from Trustline. Please go ahead.
Vijay Subramanian
Yes. This is probably a repeat on this. If you look at ORIX seems to have a
major stake in IL&FS. And then eventually when the merger takes place, I
think, being a larger entity if at all a bit happens and it will be eventually
owned by the ORIX Group. Do they have specialist in wind something like
that or does they get you a cheaper Japanese funds. Do you think those kind
of an options are available. That's first question. The second question is that
the Raigarh-Pugalur corridor when it is expected to get ready. Will it ease the
conjunction further or is it going to be this year or the next year, if you can
answer these two questions that will be great?
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, see the Pugalur corridor is already completed, see, the Katihar-Pugalur
to up to Sholinganallur that is almost Chennai, that corridor is completed.
There is only a little bit of corridor which has to be completed in the
Coimbatore-Salem belt to evacuate more of the wind energy in that Palladam
that is the Palakkad pass that you have there. So, that, of course, we don't
have too many assets there, so it doesn't affect us presently. Okay. Coming
to the IL&FS part of it. See the ORIX, I mean, IL&FS presently has a portfolio
of about 775 Mw installed. Definitely, they are in various other states, if not
so much of focus in Tamil Nadu, they have only about 25 Mw, if I remember
in Tamil Nadu. So they have definitely a lot of wind experience in managing
wind assets across the country and we have a huge amount of experience
as far as getting the evacuation done in Tamil Nadu and the group captive
structure, which I don't think IL&FS will have that expertise with them. So it
will be definitely a joint kind of a thing, see, and with a 1,200 Mw plus kind of
overall portfolio, I'm sure, we'll have opportunities to raise funds at much
lower because it gives you a much better size to negotiate and whether these
funds come from with the help from ORIX in Japan or from various other

Page 16 of 16
funds that only remains to be seen once we sit on the table and talk to each
other about these parts.
Vijay Subramanian
Also just from the SEBI perspective, if the merger happens ORIX being 49%.
They will have a kind of controlling stake which means it will also open of,
those kind of a change of management will happen or it's going to be existing
management will continue those things or…
S. Venkatachalam
Sorry, I can’t comment on the structure, but they will probably come in as a
financial institution or whatever. And it will not trigger an open offer is what I
can only comment without really or in a full this thing of the final structure that
will emerge.
Moderator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now
like to hand the floor back to the management for closing comments. Please
go ahead, sir.
S. Venkatachalam
Yes, thank you very much. In fact over the last quarter you can always see
that the performance of quarter one has been far in excess and best ever
quarter performance. And we thought we must come and share it with you
because it's a moment of pride and something that we are really happy to
see at least a Rs.25 crore increase in the overall turnover and as well as the
EBITDA has gone up from Rs.87 to Rs.110 crore and the PBT going up from
to Rs.9 crore from a negative Rs.23 of last year. So with these positives and
with the divestment of biomass and having a clean wind slate, we really see
these opportunities ahead as something very positive for the years to come
and, of course, as there were questions on the IL&FS part of it or the tariffs
part of it which are obvious questions that it will come up with the times that
we are going through. Okay, we will have to wait and watch and of course it
doesn't affect any of our present portfolios, in fact, the wind portfolio that it
will be left out with this only going to be much better right now.
