
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“INOX Wind Limited Q1 FY-18 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK ASHER – DIRECTOR & GROUP HEAD 
(CORPORATE FINANCE), INOX GROUP 
MR. DEVANSH JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, INOX 
WIND LIMITED 
MR. ATUL SONI – HEAD-INVESTOR RELATIONS, INOX 
WIND LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PUNEET GARG – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Inox Wind Q1 FY17-18 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. In case you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet Garg from Axis Capital 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Puneet Garg: 
Thank you, Aman. Good evening everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I would like to invite 
you for the conference call of Inox Wind. Today we have with us the senior management of 
Inox Wind, Mr. Deepak Asher – Director and Group Head of Corporate Finance, Inox Group; 
Mr. Devansh Jain – Executive Director at Inox Wind and Mr. Atul Soni – Head of Investor 
Relations at Inox Wind. 
Without much ado, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Atul Soni for his opening 
comments post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, Atul. 
Atul Soni: 
Thank you, Puneet. A very warm welcome to all the participants of this earnings call. The 
board of directors of Inox Wind has approved the Q1FY18 results in their meeting which 
concluded shortly. The results have been sent to the exchanges and uploaded on the company 
website. I trust you would have had an opportunity to go through the results. 
As was anticipated we are seeing a temporary downturn in the Indian wind power market due 
to the transition from a FIT based market regime to an auction based market regime. We 
expect this transition to continue in Q2 as well with normalization from an order inflow 
perspective to commence from Q3 onwards. The way we see it the shift to an auction regime 
has well underway. Our stand of calling out the conventional order book losing its relevance 
because of the market moving to an auction scenario has been vindicated in this quarter. 
In terms of financial results, we ended Q1FY18  with revenues of Rs. 106 crores as compared 
to Rs. 435 crores in Q1 of last year. We had an EBITDA loss of Rs. 13 crores in Q1 FY18 as 
compared to EBITDA profit of Rs. 46 crores in Q1 of last year. We had a PAT loss of Rs. 39 
crores as compared to Rs. 12 crores PAT profit in the preceding year quarter. We view the 
quarter’s results as a reflection of the temporary downturn being witnessed in the sector and 
expect things to pick up in the second half of FY18. 
Coming to the operational highlights of the company, we achieved commissioning of 46 
megawatts in this quarter. This compares with commissioning of 48 megawatt done in the 
same quarter last year. In terms of working capital our net working capital at the end of the 
quarter was 258 days which comprised of 250 days in receivables, 349 days in inventory, 180 
days of payables and 161 days of others. 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
In the March 2017 quarter receivables stood at 206 days, inventory at 122 days, payables at 
146 days and others at 29 days leading to a net working capital of 153 days. In terms of 
absolute values as of June, 2017, inventory stood at Rs. 866 crores; receivables at Rs. 1,984 
crores; payables were Rs. 629 crores and others was about Rs. 142 crores as a result of which 
the net working capital stood at Rs. 2,080 crores. We have reduced our receivables by 
approximately Rs. 400 crores during this quarter. 
We expect the working capital to reduce significantly going forward as the auctioning regime 
will ensure better coordinated production and inventory planning with PPA signed upfront 
leading to a secured financial closure at the IPP’s end. On the debt front we ended the quarter 
at a comfortable net debt to equity ratio of 0.52. On the auction front we are expecting over 2 
gigawatt of wind power auction to conclude over the next couple of weeks. 
This includes 1 gigawatt of SECI auctions where technical bids have been submitted and we 
are expecting reverse auction to happen within August/September. Additionally, Gujarat and 
Tamil Nadu have announced their wind power auctions of 500 megawatt each where the 
auction process is currently underway. We anticipate FY19 as the beginning of a phase of a 
robust growth for the wind industry. 
In terms of project sites, we continue to be amongst the largest project site holders in Gujarat, 
Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. We have also expanded in the Southern states of Andhra 
Pradesh, Karnataka and Kerala. We have sufficient project inventory as of June end 2017 for 
installation of an aggregate capacity of more than 5,000 megawatts. In terms of manufacturing 
capacities, as you know we have doubled our blade manufacturing capacity to 1,600 
megawatts. We have enhanced our tower manufacturing capacity so nacelle & hub, blade and 
tower capacities are now largely aligned. 
With minor capex, we can debottleneck our nacelle and hub capacity from the current 1,100 
megawatts. Tower capacity can also be expanded with minimum capex as they are low 
technology items which can also be outsourced and hence we are fully geared in terms of 
manufacturing capabilities to produce whatever the market demands. 
So that ladies and gentlemen is a broad overview of our operational and financial performance 
and how we see the sector going forward. I have with me Mr. Devansh Jain and Mr. Deepak 
Asher to take your questions now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. 
The first question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go ahead. 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Puneet Gulati: 
Just wanted to understand what do these Rs. 1,900 crores of receivables relate to? My 
understanding is your order book is about 300 megawatts so what do these Rs. 1,900 crores of 
receivables relate to? 
Management: 
With respect to the order book of 300 megawatts, we will start execution and supplies from Q3 
onwards. With respect to the present receivables, these are receivables for turbines which we 
have supplied as of March, 2017. So these projects are in Karnataka where approximately 100 
odd megawatts are there where PPAs have been done but as has been reported across multiple 
newspapers due to ongoing uncertainty with respect to the already signed PPAs, banks are 
being very hesitant in terms of disbursing funds to the IPP leading to delays in fund flows to 
us. I think this state of flux is going to remain for the next one to two months before clarity 
emerges. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay and post two months what kind of receivables would you be looking at? 
Management: 
Well, we will not make any forward-looking projections but with respect to the Rs. 1,900 odd 
crores, we have got part of this blocked due to the 100 odd megawatts projects which I have 
spoken earlier to get resolved over the next few months. We have got a part of that in projects 
which are being implemented in Gujarat for NTPC and SJVNL where a large part of the 
projects have been done but a significant part still needs to be done post the ongoing monsoons 
and flood situation there. 
We cannot be in peak execution at this point in time which is something which happens every 
year in the monsoon period in the wind sector. So I think we should over the next few quarters 
be able to eliminate this significantly. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So do the receivables include any amount from the SECI 1 order book? 
Management: 
No, The order book execution of the SECI-1 300MW has not started yet so it is not part of 
receivables yet. That is something which we will be starting from Q3 onwards. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay these projects are commissioned but you are yet to receive money? 
Management: 
About 150 megawatts is yet to be commissioned. We commissioned about 50 megawatts in 
this quarter and we still have about 150 megawatts to go across NTPC, SJVN etc. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Deepak Agarwal from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Can you help us understand how do you rate the current ongoing situation in terms of the 
auctions because like we have been hearing in the news that in Tamil Nadu few IPPs have 
actually gone ahead and challenged the auction process of 500 megawatt? And a related 
question is what do you see the progress with respect to the other states moving ahead in the 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
auction like are their bid documents being approved by the regulator before they go ahead with 
the auction? 
Management: 
Okay so first and foremost there is the whole SECI piece which is the central auctions. In the 
third week of July, the PPAs for SECI 1 were signed. They were to be signed within a period 
of six months from the auction date and these were signed off in July. At that very event Mr. 
Piyush Goel made a public statement that he is looking forward to bringing out if not monthly, 
quarterly auctions on the central side. 
 
Having said that, we already have the auction process underway for the second SECI auction 
which is for 1,000 megawatts in the public domain where technical bids have been submitted 
and we expect reverse auction to be conducted within August/ September. Now again there has 
been a bit of a delay in coming up with the 2nd SECI tender because there were certain teething 
issues around PGCIL connectivity and certain operating issues which had to be clarified. Some 
of them have been clarified and some of them are expected to be clarified over the course of 
this month post which this will become a routine business matter where they will be carrying 
out auctions on a periodic basis on the central side. 
 
With respect to the state auctions and you are right that the Tamil Nadu auction has been 
stayed temporarily but the reason why the stay has been given is because there were two parts 
to it. One, there should be a TNERC approval which is the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory 
Commission. And that as we understand the ERC is well within its power to give any approval 
to make modifications and changes to their own guidelines issued in the past. 
 
The second point within that stay contention was that the central guidelines for intrastate 
transmission or carrying out intrastate bidding for renewal energy projects are only a draft 
guideline. The final guideline is still not in the public domain. And what we understand is that 
the final guidelines are going to be uploaded by MNRE within this month.. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
How do you see the progress on state auctions since Gujarat and Tamil Nadu went ahead 
before the central guidelines are there in the public domain. It is a good sign since the 
preparatory work and everything is already done. Only the bid results need to be announced. 
But how do you see the progress in let us say states like Rajasthan or MP or do you think that 
they will pile on to the SECI bid and avoid doing state level bidding at least for FY18?  
Management: 
We have spoken to multiple states. States like Gujarat and Tamil Nadu have the highest PLF 
and hence majority of the SECI installations are happening in Gujarat and Tamil Nadu. But 
obviously there is a finite capacity and the whole of India cannot just go to Gujarat and Tamil 
Nadu and put up 10 gigawatts or 5 gigawatt a year capacity, year-on-year for the next 10 to 20 
years. Each of the states are also interested in having these installations with-in their states 
because it provides a lot of job opportunities. A lot of the manufacturing units are also 
established in many of these states. And if none of these states carry out domestic bidding just 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
like we have Gujarat and Tamil Nadu doing, then all these manufacturing plants will be shifted 
out of these states. 
 
What we also know is Madhya Pradesh is working on a draft document; Rajasthan has already 
created a draft document. I do not know about Andhra at this point in time and I am not sure 
about Karnataka at this point in time because they are already talking of carrying on the 
existing PPAs which have already been signed and kind of finding a solution to honor the 
existing PPAs. But with respect to Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh yes, there are draft 
documents which are prepared or which are being worked upon and I think over the next six 
months we should see almost all the states coming out with their guidelines. 
 
Obviously you always have some states which are more pro-active and are in advanced stages 
which are evident in Gujarat and Tamil Nadu’s case. Certain other states are working towards 
it but we would expect that over the next six months almost all the states would have 
transgressed to the auction scenario. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Okay. You have commented in your presentation and we have discussed earlier also about the 
PSU pipeline of about 1 gigawatt annually and which is quite evident since even NTPC, SJVN 
and Railways are out with new tenders. So how do you see order flow from the PSU side and 
which of these would be the major customers in the space?  
Management: 
What I can say is that historically most of the PSUs over the past few years have been coming 
out with tenders. I can also tell you what is already in the public domain. So NTPC has already 
taken out a tender for 250 megawatts as recently as July. SJVN has come up with another 
tender for approximately 50 megawatts. THDC has come up with a tender for about 125 
megawatts. REMCL has come out with an approximately 50-megawatt tender; NVVN has 
come out with a 20-megawatt tender. 
So all in all, we already have tenders in the public domain of approximately 600 megawatts. 
These are expected to be tendered out over the coming months. Some of them are waiting for 
the auction process to be carried out. Some of them will simply put it up and sell the power 
under APPC REC. Different PSUs will decide what works best for them. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
No, I understand that yes, I think that is very clear. So that is their prerogative whether they go 
for PPA or they want to go for the APPC or REC. 
Management: 
Absolutely we have already 600 megawatts of PSU tenders in the public domain at this point 
in time. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
And my last and final question is now obviously given that we will have a limited kind of 
tendering at least for FY18 or first half FY19. How do you think we should assume in terms of 
a margin perspective because this kind of aggressive competition we have seen in different 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
sectors of infrastructure in the past as well. So is it fair bit of assume that there could be some 
sizeable pressure on the margins going forward because of this transition phase? 
Management: 
You see I think we cannot look at it from a short-term perspective because what we have been 
maintaining is typically H1FY18 is a temporary downturn in the market where you are not 
really going to see anything. 
 
Now if you actually start looking at the beginning of this year as 1st October and you look at 
H2FY18 as really the period where business actually gets back, I think we should be able to 
maintain historical PAT margins which we have been maintaining over the past four or five 
years. Yes, this six months period is a transition period where there is a bit of pain which 
people are going through but we have now got over 40 countries globally under the auction 
regime in the wind sector and the solar sector. 
And every time a country shifts from a FIT regime to an auction regime there is a period of six 
months to one year of transition and uncertainty. So honestly while nobody wants this six 
months of uncertainty and no work but fact of the matter is post six months or eight months it 
is actually very, very good for the sector. Because you get long term clarity of business, you 
get clarity of PPAs; financial closures happen in a time bound manner; working capital gets 
streamlined and there is no madness of execution in Q3, Q4 while having no work in Q1, Q2. 
All this leads to uniform business. So with respect to margins I think going forward we should 
be able to maintain historical margins on the PAT perspective. H1 obviously you will not be 
able to see this on back of the downturn in the sector. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Yes, I understand that quarterly volatility it is too high in this sector. Thanks and all the best to 
the team 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mohit Kumar from IDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, a couple of questions I have. So first is on the inventory. We have got Rs. 860 crores of 
inventory, is this pertaining to NTPC and SJVN order? 
Management: 
Well, inventory is in two parts. One is CWIP which is the Capital Working In Progress 
because as you know how we recognize revenue is in two parts. One is when we supply the 
nacelle, blade and tower complete set and the second part is when we commission the turbine 
which is roughly Rs. 1.5 odd crores per megawatt. Now much of the MW 150 odd megawatts 
get to be commissioned is already CWIP. So to that extent this is infrastructure which is yet to 
be billed and which will be billed to customers on commissioning. That is one part. 
 
The second part is we have got multiple substations also built across the country where we 
were going to carry out projects on an ongoing basis. Now none of those projects are being 
implemented at this point in time because of the downturn in the market where FIT base 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
market has been shut down. Now some of these sites will be used in PSU tenders; some of 
them may be used in the central or state auction tenders and some of them for sale to captive 
consumers. 
 
A part of the inventory is towards the wind turbine components. So if I broadly put it we have 
got approximately about Rs. 400 crores of wind turbine inventory which includes steel plates, 
epoxy, balsa, blade sets, nacelles, hubs, generators, gearboxes, castings lying in system. And 
then we have about Rs. 400 crores which is towards the infrastructure which is being built out. 
Part of it will move to receivables and be collected over the next one to two quarters. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, given that order book is now 300 megawatts, how do we see the order book going forward 
for next three to four quarters? 
Management: 
Is your question, how do we see the order book being build out or is your question how do we 
see the execution for this? 
Mohit Kumar: 
How do you see the execution being built up over the next three to four quarters in these 300 
megawatts? Will it get commissioned in this fiscal year or respected to it is spill below about 
to next FY19? 
Management: 
It will not be commissioned in this financial year because it is linked to the PGCIL line and the 
PGCIL line itself is being commissioned between March to June 2018 and hence execution of 
these projects are going to start only from Q3 as we said October. Because none of these IPPs 
who we have tie up with want execution to happen today when the PGCIL line itself is being 
readied in March to June. So these projects will be commissioned post March. Execution for 
these projects and supply for these projects will start from October onwards.  
Mohit Kumar: 
So the likelihood of the revenue recognition in these turbines in the orders will not be more 
than Rs. 30% to Rs. 40% in FY18. Am I right? 
Management: 
Well, when you supply a turbine assuming it is a Rs. 6 crores price and obviously in this case 
the turbine prices are much higher because these consist of 113 meter rotor with 120 meter hub 
heights. But assuming a Rs. 6 crores thumb rule, roughly Rs. 4.5 crores come from supplies 
and Rs. 1.5 crores comes on commissioning. So to that extent Rs4.5 crores amounts to about 
75% of revenues. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ila Singal from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Ila Singal: 
Inox Wind has been a cash rich company till last year. What is the current cash flow position 
and how do you see it panning out in the next two quarters when the EBITDA levels losses are 
expected to be reflected in the financial statements and I believe the bank limits are almost 
fully utilized? 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Management: 
So if you look at the presentation, our present opening net debt in the company was about Rs. 
779 crores. We have got enough cash balances in the company as of June which I with the 
ICDs and cash balances together would be in excess of Rs. 500 crores as of 30 June, 2017. So I 
think the company is in a very comfortable position with respect to fulfilling its commitments 
towards vendors or commitments towards financial institutions. 
I am not sure where you pick up this information that all our limits are almost fully utilized. 
We have got over Rs. 500 crores of cash and we have got almost Rs. 1,000 crores of free limits 
in this company. So I am not sure where you have picked up some of your data points. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jigar Shah from Maybank. Please go 
ahead. 
Jigar Shah: 
I joined the call a bit late. So excuse me if some of my questions may be answered already. 
The only point I want to understand is that for the receivables sitting in our books when 
exactly you expect them to be realized? 
Management: 
You know honestly it is not a straight forward answer. We expect receivables to come down 
further over the next  two quarters simply because we would continue to collect pending 
payments due on already commissioned projects and we would also see payments coming 
from the projects where the PPAs are signed but the respective discoms are disputing the same 
which leads to the banks stopping lending to IPPs. We have seen numerous articles published 
in newspapers about  this in AP and Karnataka.  
So while the money is due in many of these projects and many of these projects need to be 
implemented, the IPPs in turn are delaying these payments. We expect over the next one to two 
months a solution to come out on this because there is a lot of pressure going on the respective 
state governments not just from the manufacturers and the IPPs but now also the banking 
sector. In fact just two days ago it was front page news that the Indian Banking Association has 
written to all the states and the PMO and the central government that you need to resolve this 
issue otherwise all these IPPs will be in trouble. 
 
So we have to that extent an exposure of about 100 odd megawatts in this but once this gets 
cleared we should be able to collect our pending payments in about two to three months. That 
is point number one. Point number two as I mentioned is we have got ongoing projects being 
executed across Gujarat where PPAs have been signed.  
As you know, we have collected about Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 500 crores in Q1. We would 
expect to keep collecting from the commissioned projects and ongoing executed projects. To 
some extent given the peak monsoon and the flood situation in Gujarat the execution is a little 
offbeat at this point in time. But that is something which happens every year in peak monsoon 
in majority of these heavy monsoon states. So I think over the next one to two quarters our 
entire Gujarat backlog will be cleared and with respect to the 100 odd megawatts which we 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
have in AP and Karnataka. As soon as clarity emerges we believe over the next one to two 
months we should be well on track to collect those receivables. 
Jigar Shah: 
So essentially you are trying to say that very significant portion of that is in Gujarat which is 
subject to the completion of the commissioning and then you will get that money. So overall 
probably by December quarter you should have all of those in in your bag? 
Management: 
That is right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Viral Shah from Enam Holdings. 
Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Sir, just to take this question forward on debtors, we said that we have 100 megawatts in 
Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka even assuming a Rs. 6 crores kind of NSR that would roughly 
amount to Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 600 crores of debtors there and we will still be with over Rs. 
1,200 crores of debtors? 
Management: 
That is right. 
Viral Shah: 
So should we consider that all of that is related to Gujarat or even majority of that is related to 
Gujarat? 
Management: 
Majority of that is related to Gujarat. We have got NTPC and SJVNL alone where we have 
still to collect a very substantial part which is something which is ongoing. We have got 
another key Gujarat project where the PPA has been signed which is being implemented. 
Unfortunately, we could not implement it in Q1 because given this whole AP, Karnataka mess 
while Gujarat was unconnected to that where PPAs are signed post the ERC approvals. As I 
said the banking system became so stringent they stopped disbursing loans to our IPPs. So 
even though the IPPs wanted to pay, they were not getting disbursements as a result of which 
you just get stuck. I think given some of the Gujarat projects over April, May, June have been 
commissioned and these were all PPAs which had been signed later and are being honored, 
enough confidence has gone on that. 
So that is another 34 odd megawatts of project size which is being implementing at this point 
in time which we will collect. Besides that, collections of ongoing projects and commissioned 
is something which we are collecting. 
Viral Shah: 
Another question sir, we were earlier also in talks with another winning IPP of SECI 1 for 250 
megawatts. Where are we on that? 
Management: 
I think at this point in time all I can say is that we have a 300 megawatts order book. There are 
ongoing discussions and whether we work with that IPP on the existing SECI 1 or whether we 
work with him on SECI 2 is something they need to decide. But clearly and hopefully between 
SECI 1 and 2 we will be working with that IPP. 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nirav Vasa from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand one thing. Based on your current 
assessment, once things normalize and as you have stated that the activity is expected to be 
normalized in the new auction regime what would be the Net Working Capital (NWC) days 
once the operations are fully stabilized under the new regime? 
Management: 
Well, I think in that scenario we should be down to 90 days of net working capital. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Saurabh Kumar Singh as an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar Singh: 
Now I understand that a lot of our current goals are a result of changes in government policies. 
Inox Wind is a very competitive producer in the Wind Turbine segment and I was wondering if 
the company is looking to expand to other countries to hedge against such risks? Because if 
again something like this happens in the future then what happens? So are we looking at 
expanding to some other countries or capturing market share in say United States or UK? 
Management: 
First and foremost, thank you for your question. This is not something which gets repeated 
again and again. This is a structural change in the wind sector. We are moving from a FIT 
based regime to an auction based regime. It happens once in a lifetime I mean post auctions if 
there are some new techniques which comes out globally may be over the next 10 years so 
may be 10 years down the line we will have another shift over. But once you are on the auction 
regime there is no change over. Point number one. 
Point number two, we see the market expanding very significantly under the auction regime. 
The Central Government itself is talking of at least 4 gigawatts of tenders and then we have got 
these 7-8 key windy states which will come up with their respective tenders. We are really 
looking at the market expanding to about 6 gigawatts to 7 gigawatts per annum in the next year 
or so. Of course, execution and implementation to that extent will kickstart from the day the 
market expands. 
But we are really looking at 6 gigawatts to 7 gigawatts per annum market and I think given our 
cost competitiveness, our technology and our project site inventories; we are ideally placed to 
capture a much larger pie of the market than we already have. So at this point in time honestly 
I think there is so much work to be done going forward. We are not really looking at 
expanding to any other country beyond India. We may do small projects in neighboring 
countries of India but we are not really looking at anything significant beyond India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dhavan Shah from K.R. Choksey. 
Please go ahead.  

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Dhavan Shah:   
Thank you sir for the opportunity.  Firstly, just wanted to understand about the order visibility 
from the non windy states because some days ago there were some articles that SECI was 
coming out with 3,000 megawatt of auctions but there is some issues in the transmission lines 
not being ready. So they have delayed the overall auction for this 1,000 megawatt. So how do 
you see the traction for these overall non-windy states orders for the wind turbines? 
Management: 
So first and foremost, these are SECI auctions which are now opened to windy and non-windy 
states. SECI was not taking out a 3 gigawatts tender in one go, They are taking out tenders in 
lots of 1-gigawatt each in a periodic manner such that they achieve 4 gigawatts of central 
auctions in a 12-month period. SECI Auction 1 was carried out in February; SECI auction 2 
was supposed to happen in July which got delayed to August and we believe the technical bids 
have now already been submitted by all the parties and the reverse auction should get 
concluded within August / September.  
The transmission line is supposed to be commissioned between March to June in Gujarat. 
What was happening was there were certain anomalies or teething issues with respect to the 
PGCIL approvals, the CERC interpretation and what MNRE assumed. So there were certain 
you know, rather than getting in to technicalities, there were certain approvals which are given 
to solar power developers which is something which MNRE thought will get implemented by 
PGCIL even in the wind case. 
But that unfortunately required minor changes by CERC and I think for that certain petitions 
needed to be admitted. Those petitions have already been admitted and I think over the course 
of this month those anomalies will be corrected such that these teething issues will be resolved 
and going forward we will have routine central auctions on a periodic basis. 
Dhavan Shah: 
So it could be around 4 gigawatts to 5 gigawatts per year that could be the size, right? 
Management: 
Central Government has spoken 4 gigawatts per annum of central auctions. And then you will 
have respective states coming out with their auctions such as Gujarat and Tamil Nadu who 
have come up with 500 megawatts each. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Right, now there are some southern states they want to reduce the overall tariff what they have 
signed two years prior from now. So how do you see the overall scenarios because now the 
solar is much competitive and the government also planning to impose the anti-dumping on the 
casting for wind turbines for the Chinese product. So how do you see the overall traction in 
terms of the wind tariff in two, three years? 
Management: 
Multiple questions. I am not sure what you meant by they are trying to renegotiate PPAs which 
was signed two or three years ago because I am not aware of that.  What the government is 
doing at this point in time, if you are referring to that, Andhra Pradesh had signed PPAs at 
Rs4.80/unit with a given clause in the PPA that ERC may reduce it to Rs4.30/unit and that is 
what ERC is requesting for. With respect to other signed approved PPAs of Karnataka I think 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
that is an ongoing battle between the state and the ERC which is getting resolved and the 
Central Government has also issued certain directions. So that is with respect to the recently 
signed PPAs. I am not aware of any wind PPA which has been signed in the past which is 
being renegotiated.  
With respect to anti-dumping Duty of castings, we have already had additional duty and CVD 
being implemented on castings in the past 1 to 2 years. The cost of that is about Rs. 7 lakhs to 
Rs. 8 lakhs per turbine. So I think to that extent that is not something significant which is 
going to change anything. 
Having said that I think we already know there is an antidumping duty which is going to be 
implemented on solar panels and there is a 5% GST which is being implemented on solar 
panels such that cost of solar panels is now going up almost Rs. 40 lakhs to Rs. 60 lakhs per 
megawatt which is significant. So we are actually going to be seeing solar prices going up by 
20 to 30 paise going forward. Also what is happening is China panel prices are not reducing. 
People had bidded out various projects assuming $0.30 will go down to $0.26 or $0.27 
whereas panel prices are still at about $0.29 to $0.31. So that is what is happening on the solar 
side. 
Having said that I think we are really not fighting between wind versus solar because whether 
wind is at Rs. 3 or Rs. 3.20 and solar at Rs. 2.70 or Rs. 3.10 it is really wind and solar versus 
thermal power today. And I think there is no new investment happening on the thermal side 
barring certain PSU projects by NTPC and so on and so forth. You do not see any new private 
sector investment happening on the thermal side. It is only investments in wind and solar and 
honestly if you are supplying power at Rs. 2.80 per unit fixed tariff for 25 years, States are 
extremely happy to buy power in that range. So it is not really now a question of how do we 
see wind versus solar. It is really how we see renewables versus thermal power. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pawan Parakh from BOB Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead. 
Pawan Parakh: 
So maybe this is kind of a repeat but one thing which I failed to understand is that you said we 
have got about 150 megawatts of projects under commissioning across three states; Gujarat, 
AP and Karnataka. Assuming not even a single rupee is realized out here and considering Rs. 6 
crores per megawatt that is like about Rs. 900 crores to Rs. 1,000 crores. But we have 
receivables of more than Rs. 1,900 crores. So how do you explain the difference? 
Management: 
Yes, so we have AP and Karnataka alone amount for Rs. 600 odd crores where we have 100 
odd megawatts and these are newer turbine so it is slightly more but assume it is Rs. 600 
crores. We have got NTPC and SGVNL projects which are still being implemented and where 
majority of the collections are yet to come in, we have received about 40% to 50% of the 
collections in those projects. But those alone put together were about Rs. 700 crores of 
projects. So we have about Rs. 350 crores to Rs. 400 crores to get on those projects. 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
We have got another 34 megawatts of Gujarat project which is being implemented at this point 
in time where the banks have held back disbursement in spite of the PPA being signed which 
has now been resolved. That is almost Rs. 200 odd and then we have got routine collections 
which need to come in for all the commission projects. As you may know in any year when 
you commissioned the projects you have got 10% to 20% held up for punch points, 
stabilization, and performance tests and so on and so forth. 
And all of that does not come to an end within one to two months because all these IPPs also 
take certain amount of time to pay the last 10% to 20%. And that is exactly what we are 
collecting. So if you add that up on the 656MW of execution which we did in the past year that 
we have about Rs. 400 odd crores still to collect on already commissioned turbines. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mohit Kumar from IDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, can you just tell me the impact of the antidumping duty on the cost of the wind turbine in 
per megawatt terms? 
Management: 
The impacts would be close to 3 lakhs to 4 lakhs per megawatt. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And sir, my second question is regarding the must-run status which we as per the press report 
there is a case where the Madhya Pradesh had taken the must-run status. My question is 
whether they can take it? I thought it was granted by the CE and the Ministry of Power? 
Management: 
The problem is majority of the times people simply read what the press states without getting 
into the details of that. And the press picks up any headline news and anything which is 
negative is the first thing which the press publishes. This is true that MPERC has proposed to 
take away Must Run status for wind turbines vide its draft seventh amendment in cogeneration 
and generation from RE sources regulation 2010, notified in July 17. This is a draft and subject 
to public comments and hearing. Given the fact that Indian Electricity Grid Code, 2010 also 
mandates must run status for wind turbines. The MNREs recent draft guidelines in April 17 for 
procurement of wind power by DISCOMs through competitive bidding also stipulates the must 
run status for wind power generators, hence it is unlikely that MP will be able to take it away 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jay Balaji from Jay Balaji Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jay Balaji: 
I am a shareholder in your company. It is my request to you that the company considers giving 
details of the ongoing projects on your web site. This is my first request. The second question 
from my side is if you can please share your thoughts on renewable vs non renewable energy 
debate. Also, is demand really there for renewable energy and do you think coal based plants 
would be closed in the future? 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Management: 
We will consider your suggestions. Coming to question of demand, currently 82% of our 
country’s energy is produced from fossil fuel and only 18% is from renewables. So that leaves 
a huge market for renewable sources of energy to fill. Whether it is going to be 4GW or 6GW 
or 10GW, I leave it up to you to make that judgment. The main thing to keep in mind is that if 
we are able to produce cheaper power than the source which is currently generating ~80% of 
our requirements then sky is the limit as far as the market demand is concerned. 
Jay Balaji: 
One more thing and do correct me if I am wrong, in solar you need battery to store the energy. 
In wind when we produce power you have to transmit the same through Power Grid 
Corporation? Please give your views on the same. 
Management: 
Irrespective of the fact whether energy is produced from wind or solar, the storage 
technologies have not evolved to that extent that you can have industrial level usage of storage 
in the grid. That technical evolution has not happened as of today. Also, irrespective of how 
you create electricity, i.e. wind, solar, thermal, hydro etc, you would still need a transmission 
line to take the power produced from x point to y point. 
Jay Balaji: 
So what we are seeing Lithium iron battery, Tesla company is also launching. 
Management: 
That technology is in very exploratory stages test products are. Large scale commercial 
application of this product is not yet happened. For very limited home usage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Puneet Garg for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Puneet Garg: 
On behalf of Axis Capital we would like to thank the management of Inox Wind to give us the 
opportunity to host the call. And also all the participants to join in. Before we close I would 
like to handover the call to Mr. Devansh and Mr. Asher for any closing comments. 
Deepak Asher: 
Thanks all for your participation. 
Devansh Jain: 
Thank you for your participation. As we had expected Q1 is a period of a temporary downturn 
in the Indian market. We expect this to last over the next one more quarter and we expect 
ordering to pick up over Q3 in a significant manner with execution getting a boost from Q4 
onwards. We are very gung-ho about the fact that there is a SECI-2 auction already in the 
public domain and the fact that Gujarat and Tamil Nadu have come out with their respective 
auctions. 
While H1FY18 is a period of uncertainty we believe from H2 onwards it is only going to get 
brighter for the sector. With a lot of the inbuilt problems of this sector including elongated 
working capital cycle, PPA risks, lopsided working capital due to majority execution 
happening in Q3, Q4 being taken away going forward this is a win-win not only for us but also 

 
INOX Wind Limited 
August 9, 2017 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
for IPPs as well as banks and we really look forward to FY19 being a year of tremendous 
growth. Thank you for your time and thank you for having invested in our company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
