
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Speciality Restaurants Limited’s Q1 FY2018 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANJAN CHATTERJEE – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH MOHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
FINANCE & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, SPECIALITY 
RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANKIT KEDIA – CENTRUM BROKING LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Speciality Restaurants Q1 FY2018 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Centrum Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ankit Kedia from Centrum Broking. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Thank you, Stanford. Good Evening, everyone. We at Centrum are very pleased to hold the Q1 
FY’18 Results Conference Call for Speciality Restaurants. Today from the management, we 
have Mr. Anjan Chatterjee – Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Rajesh Mohta – 
Executive Director, Finance and CFO. 
 
I would now like to invite the management for their opening remarks, followed by which we 
can have an interactive Q&A. over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Thank you, Mr. Ankit. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the management of 
Speciality Restaurants, I welcome you all to the Investors Call Post Q1 Results of Financial 
Year 2018. 
 
To begin with, demonetization was felt in this quarter as well. But in all likelihood it would 
wane out now in the festive season. There were a couple of restaurants which were impacted 
because of Hon’ble Supreme Court Order Banning Sales of Liquor within 500 Meters of 
Highways from 1st April 2017. But the same has got regularized all across the country. 
 
The income from operations were lower by Rs.6.39 crores during the quarter on YoY basis. 
Primary reason being we had informed earlier as well that two of our restaurants, large format 
restaurants in South City Mall at Kolkata, which has gone under renovation because the mall is 
under renovation and we had to renovate those two restaurants from February onwards which 
continues to be there and as a result of that Mainland China and Flame N Grill Restaurant 
contributing revenues of almost like Rs.1.15 crores per month are still under modernizations 
which has resulted into a drop in revenues by Rs.3.45 crores and impacting bottom line. We 
hope that the mall will start functioning from October 2017 which would definitely get resulted 
impact in Q3 of the financial year. 
 
The same-store sales also remain negative by 4.91% during the quarter, though this is an 
improvement from 5.60% from the sequential quarter. We hope the same should zero down 
during the festive season. 
 
The company continued its persuade in controlling cost and has been able to reduce expenses 
in absolute terms. There has been renegotiation in rentals of a couple of the properties. 
 
The company during the quarter opened Gong in April 2017 at Balewadi, Pune and Asian 
Cuisine Restaurant with two Sweet Bengal Confectionery Stores in Mumbai. 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
For the first time, the owner of one of the properties in Chennai where we used to operate our 
global grill restaurant, has been taken over by the owner from 1st April 2017 and the same has 
got converted as a franchise restaurant. 
 
There are a few restaurants which are still on our watch list as they are yet to breakeven. 
Efforts are on through various promotions, etc., to increase revenues of those restaurants and 
trying to reduce fixed cost and renegotiation of rentals for the properties concerned. 
 
The total number of Restaurants and Confectionaries as on June 30, 2017 are 122. Out of which 
22 Restaurants are Franchise Restaurants and 19 are Sweet Bengal Confectionaries. 
 
The company has opened a Restaurant POH, Progressive Oriental House at Kamala Mills 
during July 2017 which is an award grade gourmet experience that showcase Asian World 
Cuisine. 
 
The company has opened a Dariole Bakery and Confectionery at Kolkata in July considering 
the market size of the bakery and confectionary to be Rs.17,000 crores and growing at a CAGR 
of 13-15%. Primary reason for going into opening a confectionary store in Kolkata was to 
utilize the operational depth basically which the company has in running Fine Dining and 
Casual Dining Restaurants. 
 
Now, I invite the investors and analysts for their questions on the performance under review. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the Question-and-
Answer Session. We take the first question from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
This Confectionery thing is a new surprise and it also happens to be in Kolkata where I am 
from. So can you please throw a light on where it is and what exactly is the game plan? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Kaushik, this is Anjan Chatterjee. A Very Good Evening. I would like to tell you that as you 
know that this whole market of Confectionaries particularly …I am talking about organized 
market is in and around Rs.13,000 crores, now the point I am making is that we had an internal 
discussion. Earlier on if you see the historical, we were very interested in having a line 
extension of a bakery because it is belief of mind based on data and the fact that bakery chain 
whether internally or externally, because it is not necessarily done by very large players, but we 
have seen small operators within Kolkata and in Mumbai or Delhi who are operating nice and 
good in regional pockets. Historically, we have been famous for scaling up of Fine Dining 
which is a fairly difficult challenge. We think that this particular category is not a big 
challenge, it is a commissary base like Sweet Bengal within Bombay, it is comparatively 
easier, it is more hub-and-spoke model and we can actually standardize quality, it is basically 
on refrigerated vans that move around, I am sure you know of many bakeries which are famous 
within Kolkata, example is that historically the Monginis which came in… I am talking about 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
organized ones, then came in Mio Amore and then you have of course the famous one on a 
high end is the Lavi Barman’s Cookie Chat. Now what we did was that we have a very large 
commissary in Kolkata and we have a facility there where we train people. So based on that we 
were anyway supplying bakery things from the bakery mart within the commissary there and 
we have the wherewithal of doing that because we are doing distribution to almost 18 
restaurants there and the units of ours. So we thought that looking at the quality and 
consistency obviously we are slightly quality conscious of. It so happened that we said that we 
had the category interest, we had taken LSD, Love Sugar Dough earlier …unfortunately that 
did not work because the partner split. So it was a wrong acquisition we had done at that point 
because unfortunately the partners did not work out within themselves and we had to walk out. 
So hence the interest has been there for quite some time. So this is a game plan based on the 
fact that we would like to do in 18-months within a commissary which is standardizing our 
product and I think it has got a very good resonance within Kolkata, within a very short period 
of time, we have done no advertising, no promotion whatsoever, but very quietly a) because of 
the fact of quality and intelligent pricing and of course, since you are from Kolkata, you may 
know that it is on Rowdon Street. So this is the one, but we have already finalized a few LOIs 
which we would be doing within a period of six months, we would be doing at least five to six 
of them because it is a no-brainer, just need a counter, very low CAPEX and then you just put 
things together as long as the things are standardized, so which we are in the process. Post 
Durga Puja, we would like to open the first one with Salt Lake, then we have a plan to do one 
in Triangular Park, the other one is being done slightly away in the Southern Avenue. So we 
are geographically keeping at least 4-5-Kms distance, looking at the density of population, 
mapping them very carefully and I think that within Kolkata city in 18-months we should be 
able to come internally between minimum of around 8 to 12 of these bakeries. The overall 
margins in this business is comparatively higher than that of any other margins that you can 
keep in many more sectors within the food and beverage. Hence we think it is a huge 
opportunity and once we do this hub-and-spoke model, we can actually amplify that in rest of 
India, starting again we have taken Mumbai as a base we have a commissary, and we have the 
bakery shafts, etc., So it is comparatively in terms of overhead, we are working backwards, not 
very high overhead loaded and we would like to actually make the stores very clean and 
minimalism, in the first one may have been a little more CAPEX, we will reduce that as we are 
going and getting in the process of learning. The name is Dariole. Actually in French it means 
the cakes mold is known as Dariole. So hence we have slightly not kept typical cakes and 
bakes and cookies and this. We just moved out of that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Just for the sake of comparison, in case of Sweet Bengal, are you breaking even in Mumbai… 
is it giving the return on capital? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Yes, Mr. Kaushik, we make money out of Sweet Bengal, but it is not break even because what 
had happened, the kind of factory which we have created for Sweet Bengal it is a state-of-the-
art factory and we have capacities to cater more number of Sweet Bengals. You would see that 
the last quarter also we added two Sweet Bengal Confectionery Stores. So continuous process 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
is on adding Sweet Bengal because from a backward integration perspective, the factory is 
geared to take more number of stores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
First question is just trying to understand the economics of the confectionary that you are 
describing Mr. Chatterjee, if you could just give a sense of the CAPEX required and what is the 
payback period in this format and what is the game plan in terms of the rollout? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I think you heard when I was elaborating and talking to Mr. Kaushik, so I will not repeat what I 
have said. I will only be specific to your question would be that, firstly, we have spent in and 
around 20, in the first store, since it was Rowdon Street and the space taken was 600-odd 
carpets, so we had to spend because we wanted to be in the right position within Kolkata and 
Mr. Kaushik if he is hearing me, he knows that is the prime location next to the Best Bakery 
Brand Next to it, it is like Theobroma in Mumbai if you are Mumbai-based. So considering that 
we have put in 600. We do not need that kind of space. So, a) we are paying a slightly higher 
rental in this case, 1,60,000-odd and we would like to reduce and keep it between anywhere in 
a city like Kolkata for example, where we are talking about eight of them, not more than 
between 70,000 to 1,00,000 max in a prime location. We want to reduce the size of the store 
because in this place since we have a compel, we had a seating of around 16 people, we do not 
need a seating, we will make it carry, like a QSR or any street mart which we have Sweet 
Bengal. Basically you come, there is a counter, you interface and you choose, take and go back. 
There is no seating, there is no interaction in terms of area expansion. 250 to 300 would be the 
ideal store area. Hence retail expenditure in terms of rentals go down. Secondly, it is Rs.3,000 
crores market, so there is scope enough and even the local guys are doing very well 
unorganized highly, we would like to get into an organized like Mio Amore has done, in 
Kolkata maybe Theobroma, all the 15 and there are two others who are actually in the process 
of becoming more mature, BKC also we have seen a space, later on when you move to 
Mumbai. Now, the point would be that we would like to keep our rentals as low as possible, for 
example, in the Sweet Bengal model, which is basically hub-and-spoke. Now when we do a 
fine dining, we have to have a kitchen which is a main line kitchen, in the sense that a back 
area kitchen, we have done commissaries because a lot of cutting, chopping comes in from 
there and then initially we had large kitchens which have now reduced to the size of around 
600, 650, in Kolkata we have a kitchen of course, there is a huge banquet there… that apart, but 
we have started with the kitchen size of around 1800 sq. ft. carpet which is now reduced to 600 
because we are optimizing, making the operations so tight, example of the fine dine. But here, 
you have one hub as you will rightly understand and there is an air-condition van which takes a 
standardized product and it goes around, there may be two vans, three vans which we do in 
Sweet Bengal and move around. Now the question may come in your mind is that “Why not 
press a button on a brand which is successful in Mumbai like a Sweet Bengal?” Yes, we could 
have done, but then at the same time we did a research which said that the generation which is 
coming up, is not eating sweets excepting in Kolkata now, but even the youngsters between the 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
age of 18 to 24 are very sugar conscious… all of us are becoming, but at the same time when it 
comes to a cup cake or a cake or a celebration cake, they love it, and they keep on repeating the 
size, the confectionery, there is also savories which is about the patties and the buns, etc., etc., 
So that is a very easy thing for everyone including the youngsters. So we want to now 
understand and make things so that it is slightly futuristic and it is growing at a CAGR of 15% 
or so, that is what is the data that we have collected. So I personally see that we will be able to 
optimize return on investment on an EBITDA level if we are talking about a mature store of us, 
like a south city which was giving us around 13, 14% it used to and we are reopening the way 
because it is under renovation. In mature stores if we are making 12, 13%, but in this case the 
EBITDA levels can go to easily without any effort, as you expand and then the cost of the 
commissary comes down, amortized, it will come at least between 14% to 19%, that is the 
average EBITDA that people are operating on…of course, there are unorganized players who 
are not paying GST, manipulating and all that, they make more… that apart. So this is the kind 
of economic the bakery will have. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
One just follow-up on that; what will be roughly the payback period? What is the investment 
that will go in a typical store when you are opening a new store in Kolkata or in Mumbai or 
Delhi let us say? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
It would be dependent on size primarily but let us say for instance when you look at the kind of 
information which Mr. Anjan conveyed on the size which we have taken slightly larger, but 
taking an economic size of 250-300 sq. ft. the investments would be around Rs.15 lakhs and 
based on the numbers which we are looking at our first store, it looks like the moment we have 
an economic size of number of  Dariole store with the commissary, the payback should range 
around two years. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
How many stores are you planning to open over the next 12-months or so? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
As indicated by Mr. Anjan in his opening answer to Mr. Kaushik, there is in all likelihood that 
in next 18-months’ time we may get into 8 to 12 stores in Kolkata primarily in Phase-1. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
We concentrate and dominate regionally. It is easier for us to have a hub and then start 
expanding on the spokes which we believe will become easier for us to one consolidation 
concentrate, dominate move to the other city and I think that we are talking very intelligent 
expansion mode because it is actually 250 sq. ft. in pockets which is around 4.5-5 Kms like I 
am sure that you know the depth of density… 
V.P. Rajesh: 
I think I got the answer for my first question which was understanding the rollout, etc., related 
to the bakery chain. The other question I have is just trying to understand, Mr. Mohta, you 
mentioned it was 4.9% I believe, so if you could just bifurcate between your Mainland China 
versus other formats, that would be helpful? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
If I may say so, basically what happens is we give a same-store sales of overall company. The 
brand wise same-store is slightly confidential. So we will not be able to share at this point of 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
time. But on a general basis, I can definitely say to yourself that Mainland China is much lower 
because of whatever numbers which we have, it is in the early single-digit.  
V.P. Rajesh: 
And then in terms of understanding the cost reduction measures that you have taken, so for this 
quarter if I see if you take out the cost of goods sold, there is a cost base has gone down around 
Rs.2.5 crores in the current quarter and we have talked about around Rs.10 crores back on the 
May conference call. So my question is that should we continue to expect that there would be 
further cost reduction or this cost basis of Rs.350 crores is the base line that we should expect 
for the rest of this year? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
It will all depend upon the number of restaurants. But if you could look at the staff cost, etc., 
there has been a good amount of reengineering happening because of which there is an absolute 
reduction on QoQ basis to the extent of Rs.1.8 crores which we presume will not increase but 
definitely would be very steady going forward. #2, when we talk in terms of percentage to 
revenues, yes, there have been pressures of revenues because Q1 generally happens to be the 
lowest amongst the four quarters I would say. So going forward, the number percentage to 
revenue would definitely improve upon. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
What about the lease rent and other expenses line items? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
What happens is lease rental generally we have a majority of the rentals now in place are on 
percentage to revenue and there are certain fixed rental model also. Wherever it is linked to 
revenues, we will not see a drop but yes, on a fixed rental basis, there would be some drop. 
Since it is a combination, it will not be a major drop per se. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So is it fair to say that it will be also a steady number, right? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Steady number, that is correct sir. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
On the other expenses line, is there more potential for the cost to come down or what is the 
color on that particular line item? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
What will happen is post-June, there are quarters now we have started on GST basis, we are 
also trying to work out exactly the kind of input benefit, etc., which are going to accrue to us., 
so it is in a process. So it would be too premature for me to comment on other expenses. But 
what has happened like there have been increasing license fees, etc., by the government in this 
particular financial year vis-à-vis. But we have controls on other expenses, so we will see that 
the cost do not increase substantially and remain steady. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
What I heard you say that you will try to keep that constant as well? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Absolutely right sir. 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So my other question is when we were talking back in May, you were saying that there will be 
benefit of around Rs.3-4 crores from the rental piece where you were not getting the credit but 
now in the GST world you are going to get that input benefit. So my question is that, is there 
more cost benefit that has to accrue in the business just given that kind of dynamic or most of it 
is now baked into the Q1 numbers, just from the absolute number of cost basis that you are 
looking at? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
That working is already on with respect to GST because government also have come with 
various regulations on prices, etc., So it all depends upon what kind of end pricing we have. So 
we are working towards once the quarter July-August-September goes when we have returns, 
etc., in place, we will be able to ascertain the exact number. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And then could you throw a little bit more color on the exceptional item of Rs.9,35,00,000? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Say for instance, the exceptional item relates to Doha… and Mr. Anjan is with the answer. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I would just like to elaborate on the fact that Doha has been there for us since 2016. Initially 
there was a cost overrun because of the fact that there were draconian laws, etc., which we had 
to pass in spite of the due diligence we had done. It was a slightly delayed operation which 
started…that apart. But then you see, between ’16 and ’17, if you know that what is the 
condition of Doha at this moment? Ground reality may be not advertised but whole of the route 
of Dubai as well as the Saudi and all the routes of there to get vegetable, fruit, as you know 
nothing is produced there, like any other gulf country like Dubai but still Dubai has a huge 
trade base which they get it from all over the world including India, Pakistan, etc., Today, the 
condition is so bad that half the businesses are withdrawing from there or they are shutting 
down because the partners there who are the existing people, a) the dollar of the barrel prices of 
the overall economy of there which is based out of cash and petroleum has come down as you 
know from 100-odd to today almost 50 or 48 or 52, that is where it is hovering, it had come to 
30. So economies was going down overall but still there was a resonance of the fact that people 
from the Saudi Arabia, one hour distance used to come every month four times in a week also 
to obviously because in Saudi obviously banned on liquor to anything, but at least in Doha 
there are restaurants, five stars, etc., where there is a possibility of liquor, they used to do there, 
spend blow up their money, similarly, from Dubai, there is a huge trade. All this has gone 
away. So the overall Doha economy is down, they are unable to handle the vegetables. Turkey 
is flying down milk to every perishable. Operating cost of the food cost particularly overall has 
gone up almost by 12-14% suddenly. So this whole business obviously we had a joint venture 
when we have a Katri partner and he did not have too much of resonance in terms of, it was the 
strength that he had. Everybody thought it is a short-term problem, it continued for a while but 
it looks like a long-term issue. So hence our board internally decided on the basis of the fact 
that the joint venture partners wanted to come out of that. So they wanted to reduce their stakes 
and then they go out kind of thing. It is a kind of reengineering. So we are continuing to look at 
the possibilities of having another joint venture partner who has the wherewithal and has the 
monetary you are doing a financial due diligence and if you ask me we are also doing a kind of 
forensic understanding. So to understand that they have the sustenance power, etc., to 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
reengineer the whole arrangement while the property continues to be at this moment everything 
is status quo. So we would like to reengineer and restart. That is the plan at this point of time. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
But I thought in JV, we are not putting a lot of capital. So I am surprised that we have to take 
such a large write off. That is where I was coming from. 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
In a JV it was 51:49. In a franchise we do not do. In a franchise arrangement, it is we take a 
franchise fee and we take a revenue share, like example, Sri Lanka and we have decided that 
we will try and minimize the opportunity, either we do it 100% or if we do not see any kind of 
a thing, we will not do any JV at this moment, we will only do franchise like Sri Lanka, we 
have Dubai and we are doing two more here within the country itself and also may be one or 
two of the international discussions which are going on. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Just talking about the partnerships, I believe you are going to open one in London. So any 
update on that? And then there was I believe another partnership for 10, 11 restaurants that was 
discussed on the last call for Middle East and I believe US also. So if you can provide an 
update on that? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
On Middle East, what we have done is that we have entered into an arrangement with the 
corporation who are running around 40 restaurants of a similar time Pan Asian Chowki and 
who are a very established company within the UAE, they also have in Abu Dhabi and they are 
also opening in Saudi soon, their own brand master franchise. So we have given at this point of 
time tactically one but right of refusal for three within Dubai and then we look at the other 
UAE. So at this point of time, since we had a little bit of understanding that Doha is not 
showing a kind of amplification and we did not so, we change the arrangement to a master 
franchise kind of thing and then they have given it there. On the US front, there is a strong 
running discussion and we have got into a kind of discussion which has ended in a point that 
we are supposed to meet them again because it is a fairly large opportunity which is being 
discussed. So there has been a negotiation on one or two points which are in the final stages. 
There are other considerations when you do international business as you know that you have 
to have the RBI approvals, you will have to have follow intelligences, which are not within our 
limited sphere of normal business. Our governance is very strong. Hence we have got many 
independent companies which are audit firms, etc., also to take and understanding that when 
we put money or we do an understanding with anybody who is internationally, we need to be a 
little more cautious and also prudent enough for the business. So that has been a discussion 
which is a large one and may be a little prolong than we expected. As they say ‘Insha Allah’, 
we should be talking to them, again they are coming over, then trying to take it to the logical 
end. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Is it fair to assume Mr. Chatterjee that we would not see much of revenues from either of these 
arrangement that you describe at least in the current year or you see by Q4 at least some 
operations in the up and running? 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
No, not really. I will only elaborate on one point which you have not asked, absolutely other 
gentlemen are listening to it and may be ladies. I am saying that assuming the understanding, 
what is happening, I will tell you, we are debt-free and we have some money lying with us, so 
obviously we have to employ that money somewhere. Either we do within our restauranting or 
find out avenues to see amplification and return on investment, that is one or otherwise we 
have to ensure that there are lots of change within restauranting industry, small ones, it is not 
biggies, we are not talking about large investors, where we have to get into borrowings which 
we will not get, we do not believe that, so there could be a possibility we are in at the one stage 
of discussion, which we have been doing for a long time but lots of balance sheets do not show 
strength, so we do not want to take over a brand which gets us another hit but we are in the 
consultation with particularly one or two of them. So we are looking at which has been a long 
dream of mind, because I think that somebody who consolidate the space like I would talk in 
Kuwait we have a friend of mine who is called Ajay Bijli who has done for PVR, he started 
with Priya Cinema a small humble one, from where he catered to PVR and you know rest is 
history, right. I am saying that the institutions are also ready to support us to understand our 
investors like you and others. But yes, acquisition would be the way forward for a large 
corporation which has the strength and wherewithal of operations to may be take it forward. So 
there is another avenue which we are very strongly looking at. While your first question is that 
we will not do that part. I am adding this Part-B that which we have not added, I am just adding 
it from my end so that everybody is informed. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
What is our cash position at the end of the quarter? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Roughly, the treasury is around Rs.70-odd crores. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
On the Kolkata Mall Restaurant that you are talking about earlier, if I heard you right, you said 
the revenue from that is around Rs.1.15 crores. So can we expect that may be in the second 
half, we should have at least Rs.1 crore of revenue coming from that particular restaurant, is 
that a fair assumption? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Being in South City Mall of Kolkata, we were working with the promoters of the mall to start 
before Puja which was in September but looks like there is a delay there and Mr. Kaushik 
Poddar who was there asked first question, he would be aware that in Kolkata what the South 
City Mall is. So we are keeping our fingers crossed and hopefully the timelines which have 
been shared by the owners is somewhere in October and early November or so. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
There was another restaurant which was supposed to be reopened in Kolkata. So I was 
wondering if there is an update on that? 
Rajesh Mohta: 
No, these are the only two restaurants in Kolkata. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Both are in the same mall, is it? 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Rajesh Mohta: 
Yes, there are three restaurants of us; one is running, and there are two which are under 
renovation, one is also running at 50% capacity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the follow up question from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
You have talked of acquisitions or something of that, if I got you correctly? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Yes, we are basically talking about the fact that there is a possibility that we are in discussions 
with people who are able to have a balance sheet in which they have an EBITDA at least of 
around 8%, 9% which could be eventually becoming a little more with our support wherein 
because our purchases are better, we have the understanding a little better for sure and so in a 
time we know what not to do. There are small good promoters. I am sure that you heard of 
something called Aqua Investment. So may be on the promoters and their businesses, we are 
looking at that kind of a possibility in which this will be in the form of an inorganic, there can 
be a subsidiary independently, it was held by the company in majority and then we will try and 
guide them and also give them within our understanding a space to grow to. So somebody who 
has an opportunity hypothetically, they are one today, we will see the possibility of them doing 
15 restaurants, not being over-ambitious in next three years and if we see that their EBITDA 
levels are good and they have the right kind of perception in terms of due diligence of our 
parameters of quality, consistency, FCQ that is food, consistency quotient and certain other 
parameters which we can understand now. We are looking at this kind of a thing for a long, 
long time, but at the same time we do not want to take a load of a balance sheet which is further 
more dragging us. So we have been very cautious but if everything goes well with god’s 
blessing, we are in the process of locking at least one of them, may be two. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
This is an existing restaurant chain, is it? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I cannot say a chain, chain, but may be a restaurant or two wherein there is a potential of them 
to get into 14 restaurants. I will tell how it comes in. We have many stores which are not 
showing very good color. So we are watching over a period of time. Could there be a 
possibility of synergy? We have that space acquired because we have a long lease and may be a 
lower rental. We get into someone who is a good operator, has an independent and has the 
understanding and he works within our ambit and gets into an expansion within those areas. So 
we may extend and then give those spaces to them to see a little  more obviously because return 
on investment will be based on our projections of their which is existing balance sheet and 
which is over a period of minimum of two years because we would like to see 24-months 
balance sheet running, it cannot be just overnight a man coming in and just showing things and 
this has a due diligence, this is the thought process. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So it is a courtship of around 24-months before you find anything to plan, is it? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Not our courtship. I am saying they have to be sustaining their business in a minimum of 24-
months. 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So it is formally informal arrangement initially before you finally take a call…? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I will give you an example; being a comparatively large company in this space, there are lots of 
promoters who come to us but some of them are having a balance sheet which is basically 
loading our balance sheet, so we say politely no, so we keep on getting information 
memorandum from many places and there acquisition people you know that, so lots of people 
keep on coming. So these are looking like some good ones. So we intend also looking at that 
which will not load us. It is not that we are giving them around Rs.100 crores to acquire them, 
no, not at all, very humble nice pies which can be a crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Just a follow up on the strategy, Mr. Chatterjee. What I understood from your commentary is 
that people have approached you where they may be running one or two stores at this point in 
time and then you guys will evaluate whether you like their operations and their value systems 
is in sync with what you have built and then you will essentially may buy 51% or may be more, 
then it gets consolidated in our P&L and then give them the capital to grow to let us say 15 
stores in three years, is that roughly the gist of what you replied? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
You are absolutely right.  Bang on. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Just to understand that these acquisitions or these investments what will be the capital that you 
are looking to commit over the next 12 to 24-months in this inorganic…? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
To be very honest with you that at this point of time slightly I may talk loose because it is in a 
last stage of negotiation, so I cannot indicate. Surely by the time they do it very soon with 
god’s blessing, we will announce it. So we are not able to make a projection of how much 
money will be required for that. This is a matter of real negotiation. I am telling them we are 
not a money bag, we are a strategic partner… 
V.P. Rajesh: 
I understood, you are very close to signing the deal, and you do not want to talk numbers on a 
public forum, I respect that, no problem. My other question was what will be the format  does it 
need to be oriental or you are looking to diversify the type of formats we have? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
No, in fact, we are at the moment looking at oriental, non-oriental both. I told you, there are 
three parameters for us one, 24-months of operations of the minimum, there is something 
called there is jargon called FCQ, that is food consistency quotient, it has been there over a 
period of time, feedback on our research done to consumers, fourth would be balance sheet, 
this is also equally important because you cannot have a sick balance sheet which comes in and 
load our balance sheet and we further go down. These are the evaluated parameters. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
If I heard you correctly, there are a couple of deals which are very close to getting done, is that 
the right understanding? 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
I will be very honest with you that I believe in a life of uncertainty, because we are in this 
business unless locked in, we are all uncertain but at the same time may be three, I cannot say 
sorry sir, because there are lots of people who are interested to join hands with us because of 
the so-called expansion we had done over a period of time. Every month there is information 
memorandum coming to us. But we evaluate and put it on the side. Sometimes, we say, no, 
there is a resonance. Yes, we look at the parameters. If they agree, then we discuss. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Just last final question… I know it is a little futuristic but how would you characterize the 
probability of us turning EBITDA profitable for the current financial year? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
Again, it will be a loose talk; you know that I am in a public forum, I do not want to be getting 
on record to say anything, but I can only say this to you, 24x7 we are working towards 
ensuring not only are we EBITDA plus, we should throw in beyond that at the end of it we will 
try and create actual profits for the company and I think we are looking at each cost, line item, 
revisiting that all over again and putting a microscope on that and trying to ensure this is 
another parallel thing which is to convert this complete thing. See what happens in a 
corporation I will be very honest. You are our partner. Over a period of time, every corporation 
starts getting flap which is fat because you are in a comfort zone and over a period of time 
everybody gets into a level that “Okay, fine, fair enough, XYZ. What will happen if we take 
the weight out, etc.,” But if you are dynamic, if anybody is and bold to take certain very-very 
prudent decisions without affecting the quality and ultimate payoff to the customer, you can 
really revolve things. So if you see that from last quarter to this quarter, we have been able to 
save a few very important cost which have gone down if we evaluate and see that. So going 
forward also on one side, we are looking at ensuring that the profitability of the balance sheet 
of the individual units go up. Whenever we see no resonance, we try to say that, “Okay, shut 
it.” I said, “Why shut it and forget it? Why not ensure that we have an acquisition which is 
interesting? It is not clashing with our interest and get them in and they see the similar kind of 
areas which are existing within us.” So this is a three-pronged kind of a strategy we have 
decided. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, you mentioned that 14 restaurants we might just give it to the other parties, we may not be 
profitable or… 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
No. No, I stand to be corrected… I think it has been recorded and you can recheck. How can I 
give? I do not have the wherewithal to give all. The whole company will be taken over by  
them. That is not the point. The point is that some of the restaurants which again is a loose talk 
we are looking at certain resonance at the same time something. We know that we can have 
synergies with a few like two, three, four of them. So they quickly expand. Supposing we 
acquire  a person. He does not have the wherewithal to overnight get a space which is in a 
prime spot. We have it. We do not see too much of amplification and profitability in that area 
for a brand A or B. We immediately convert and say that you take it, it is a subsidiary of us, at 
the same time it will be an outlet, we will get into an understanding with them with an 
understanding of the kind of rentals, etc., which has been negotiated over a period of time and 
then we give them an offer. If they agree, they have an independent authority, at the same time 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
we are controlling. We are putting money on the promoters, it is called Aqua Investment. So 
we evaluated the promoter’s credibility in a very detail. So not all of them. 14 of them, then I 
will be out of business. 
Ankit Kedia : 
Sir, my second question is a few years back we had a strategy of cutting down the numbers of 
brands and restricting it. So from Mainland we went to Asia Kitchen which was a good 
strategy, then from Sigree Grill from Sigree, that is good. But now again we POH and Gong we 
have other things, the old ones are not cut. So is the market changed where we see churn 
happening frequently and the boards need to be changed and we are following that… what is 
happening in the market side? 
Anjan Chatterjee: 
What is happening now is that on one side there is a large franchise of Mainland China which 
has the respect and love for Mainland China which continues, but a few of the new trend today 
has come in, it is like a new bride in the city. People get to look at the new bride with more 
understanding. So I will give an example, Asia Kitchen, we pressed the button and we have 
expanded to five, six, seven of them, so we are looking at them in different mall. So we have 
decided that we will not necessarily do standalone, we tried one which did not show too much 
of resonance, so we have decided that we will concentrate only on malls. On the basis of that 
now there is for example SEC A1, that is absolutely top level we have four, then we are talking 
about in the affordable luxury it is Mainland China mainly and wherever Mainland China Asia 
Kitchen which is an extension because it is more global, in the sense that it is more Pan Asian, 
it is modern, contemporary in the seating and everything as you have seen. Third one is 
Zoodles and   Gong comes in, in between because of the fact that POH cannot be replicated 
overnight, it is a more of a boutique restaurant, it is a showy touchwood, very, very, very good 
amplification. Now that continues to be a 70 cover restaurant which is boutique and there is an 
opportunity like as you see in the Masala Libraries of the world, Indian Accent, over a period 
of five years they have been doing, very-very good respectable business. So we cannot make 
up POH for more another Mainland China. It will be slow, steady growth of them in cities, 
metros and consolidation may go to Delhi, we may do one in BKC later, etc., on one side is 
that. Second is the Affordable Luxury wherein one part is Mainland China, then we have the 
Asia Kitchen, then we have also looked at Gong, Pune experience has been very good, 
although Balewadi is not the best location in Pune, and then we are looking at Delhi, that is 
GK2 which is our existing restaurant, we are converting into Gong. Now you may ask me, 
“Why not Asia Kitchen? Because at the same time we have seen that in a standalone, example, 
Koramangala or necessarily Sakinaka of course, there are traffic challenges, we are solving 
them. We are all watching and monitoring. I will give you an example, it is exactly air traffic 
control which is looking at the radar and seeing where is the resonance coming. So you will see 
as the Gong comes in, that becomes a very interesting model and it is a more resonating brand 
which is slightly fresh from Mainland China Asia Kitchen also. Asia Kitchen in malls, 
standalone Gong but we cannot help it because within the pan Asian we are wanting to 
dominate and continue to be the #1 because we have the wherewithal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir, would you like to give any closing comments? 

 
Speciality Restaurants Limited 
September 12, 2017 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Rajesh Mohta: 
We are extremely thankful to all the participants who had joined conference call of Speciality 
Restaurants. We work harder for presenting better results in quarters to come. Thank you very 
much for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Centrum Broking Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
