
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“GTPL Hathway Limited 2Q FY2018 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. KUNAL VORA – BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANIRUDHSINH JADEJA - MANAGING DIRECTOR - GTPL 
HATHWAY LIMITED 
MR. RAJAN GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND NON- EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – GTPL HATHWAY LIMITED 
MR. PIYUSH PANKAJ – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS) – 
GTPL HATHWAY LIMITED 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GTPL Hathway Limited 2Q FY2018 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by BNP Paribas Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Kunal Vora of BNP Paribas. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Kunal Vora: 
Thanks Sir! Good evening everyone. On behalf of BNP Paribas Securities, I would like to 
welcome you all to the 2Q FY2018 Earnings Call of GTPL Hathway Limited. We have 
with us the senior management team of GTPL Hathway including Mr. Anirudhsinh Jadeja, 
Managing Director, Mr. Rajan Gupta, Chairman and Non-Executive Director, and Mr. 
Piyush Pankaj, Head (Investor Relations). I will hand over the call to Mr. Jadeja for opening 
remarks and we will take it from there. Thank you. 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
Thank you Kunal. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I would like to extend my 
gratitude to you to take out time to attend our Q2 FY2018 earnings call. Before results, let 
me take you through few key updates from this quarter. First, I am pleased to inform you 
that your company is awarded India’s most trusted cable TV distribution services by 
International Brand Corporation IBC USA. Second, we won prestigious contract from 
Gujarat Government to install free Wi-Fi at public places and internet service to 1500 police 
stations. This will help us to monetize our already installed assets faster and we will also 
use this infrastructure to reach our other customers in this 150 plus cities. Then we have tie-
up with NAGRA and Samsung to deploy TVkey, which will give consumer hassle free 
access to premium pay TV content. 
 
For the financial results, I will touch briefly on the quarter went by and then let Piyush take 
over through the detailed update for the quarter. We have seeded over half a million set top 
boxes during the quarter and added close to one million digital paying subscribers. Along 
with that we have also successfully increased ARPU for phase three and phase four. Phase 
three 7.5% and phase four is close to 20%. During the quarter on the broadband side, we 
have added 40K home passes and 10K active subscribers during the quarter. We continue to 
strengthen our leadership position in Gujarat, West Bengal, and Maharashtra.  In Gujarat, 
we seeded 4.2 million set top boxes. In West Bengal, we seeded 1.9 million set top boxes 
and the rest of Maharashtra we seeded 1.2 million set top boxes. Our revenue increased 
24% and year-on-year. 
 
I am pleased to highlight that during this quarter our West Bengal operation has become a 
PAT positive. Given the robust pipeline to subscriber addition, I expect we should continue 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 3 of 19 
to improve our revenue and profitability even further during this year. Thank you. I hand 
over to Piyush now. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thank you Anirudh. Good afternoon and again welcome to everyone. I will take you 
through the Q2 performance highlights and the financial highlights. Starting with the 
performance highlights as Mr. Anirudh has said we have seeded around 0.52 million STBs 
during Q2. In Q1, we have seeded 0.86 million. This will take us to 1.38 million seeded 
boxes in this half year. We have increased 0.37 million digital active subs in this quarter 
and we have increased 0.94 million CATV digital paying service. In the last quarter, we 
have said that the paying subs was 5.7 million and that has increased to 6.64 million. In 
ARPU, as we said in the last call that we are going to increase for phase three and phase 
four in this quarter. That has gone successfully and phase three has increased by 7.4% and 
phase four by 19.5%. The IPO money, in which we have got the net proceeds of Rs.232 
Crores has already been utilized; Rs.229 Crores has gone for repayment of debt and rest 
utilized for working capital. The gross debt stands after this is at Rs.343.9 Crores from 
Rs.549 Crores in March 2017 and net debt stands at Rs.244 Crores in comparison to Rs.443 
Crores in March 2017. 
 
In broadband space, we have added 40K new home passes and increased 10K broadband 
subscribers during Q2. The best part is that data consumption has increased by 35% from 
last December. It stands at 46GB per month and in December it was at 34 GB, and this is 
giving us more sticky consumers. On GPON upgradation, we are progressing in fast pace 
mainly in four cities, Ahmedabad, Baroda, Surat, and Rajkot. We have already sourced the 
equipments and started deploying it in the market in a very fast pace. For gateway router, 
BRAS, core switch, we have taken from Nokia. For network access, OLT and consumer 
premises equipment we have taken from ZTE and networking switching system and 
business support system we have taken from Sterling Tech, Elitecore. 
 
Taking you to the phase wise performance on this quarter, we have seeded 0.52 million 
boxes in phase three and four and the active subs in phase three stands at 2.25 million and 
phase four stands at 2.55 million. The digital paying subs in these two phases stands at 2.02 
million and 2.40 million. Thus, the monetisation is still going on and we expect that in the 
coming quarter the subs seeded in this quarter will get monetized. Phase one ARPU is 
standing at Rs.101, it is an increase of Rs.1 from last quarter, phase two was at Rs.96, Rs.1 
increased from last quarter, phase three is at Rs.58 in comparison to Rs.54 last quarter, and 
phase four is at Rs.49 in comparison to Rs.41 in the last quarter. 
 
I will just take you through the broadband business. Our ARPU almost remained the same 
in this quarter. Its increased by just Rs.1.  

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
I will just take you through the financial results. This quarter also we have given the 
financial results for GTPL Hathway Limited, which is the listed company. That is a 
standalone GTPL Hathway Limited. The second we have given for GTPL Broadband 
Private Limited, which is 100% subsidiary of GTPL Hathway Limited and provides 
broadband services and third we have given for GTPL Kolkata Cable and Broadband 
Pariseva Limited KCBPL, which is 51% subsidiary of GTPL Hathway Limited listed 
company and it is doing the cable TV operations in West Bengal market. The above three 
companies has contributed around 90% of revenue in consolidated accounts of FY2016-17. 
 
Taking you to the standalone results, our revenue has increased at year-over-year by 24%, 
EBITDA is up by 20%, the EBITDA margin stands at around 32%, the year-to-year PAT is 
up by 55%. On quarter-to-quarter, the revenue is up by 3%, EBITDA by 3% and profit 
before tax and exceptional items is up by 7%. The subscription revenue in year-to-year is up 
by 32% and quarter-to-quarter has increased by 11% in this quarter. 
 
I will just take you through the broadband business. The broadband revenue growth year-to-
year is standing at 14%, the bandwidth expense has reduced by 7%, EBITDA has grown at 
15%, EBITDA margin at 27.7%, which is increased by 45 basis points from last year and 
PAT has grown by 2%. On QoQ, broadband revenue grown at 4%, bandwidth expense 
reduced by 8%, other operating cost reduced by 13% and EBITDA growth is at 10%. 
EBITDA margin is at 27.7%. It has increased 142 basis points from 26.3% EBITDA margin 
last quarter. PAT has grown by 7% in the one quarter. 
 
Taking into the West Bengal, the financial highlights, the subscription CATV revenue in 
KCBPL has grown at 48% and total revenue has grown at 45%. EBITDA growth is is at 
221% from last year and EBITDA margin stands at 30%, which is increase of around 
16.4% from last year, which was standing at 13.5%. We have become PAT positive where 
there is INR 1 million positive from the negative 23 million from last year. On QoQ, 
KCBPL subscription CATV revenue growth is at 27%. Total revenue grown at 22% and 
EBITDA growth is of 90%, which is an increase of around 10.6% from the last quarter and 
PAT positive is at INR 10 million. Overall this quarter, the company is expecting that the 
monetisation will go ahead as we did it for phase three and phase four for this quarter for 
the next two quarters also the monetization will increase. Still there is a gap between digital 
paying subs and the active subs. Rajan,I would like you to take them through what we are 
doing in the broadband and how we are positioning ourselves. 
Rajan Gupta: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. As earlier mentioned by Piyush and Anirudh, GPON 
FTTH rollout has already started in approximately 100,000 homepasses in Ahmedabad 
City. To support minimum 40 Mbps speed for all consumers and 200 GB monthly limit for 
all consumers, we are also upgrading backend fiber ring to 40 GB capacities for 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Ahmedabad City. The NOC equipment from Nokia has already come and deployment is in 
progress. We have upgraded some existing consumers from 5 Mbps 30 GB package to 40 
Mbps 200 GB package by charging Rs.200 extra. The response of the consumer is very, 
very positive as market leader BSNL is offering average speed of 5 Mbps on the same 
pricing. Essentially what 40 Mbps 200 GB pack, which we have done a POC. Market leader 
BSNL is charging the same pricing for a 5 Mbps speed. In this, 100,000 home passes from 
December 1, 2017, we will be able to offer 40 Mbps 200 GB package at approximately the 
same price as BSNL 5 Mbps speed plan. Based on POC and initial market feedback, we are 
very confident from December we will see exponential increase in broadband revenue and 
subscriber additions. Requesting Piyush to take it forward. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
We are open for the question and answer, so back to the moderator please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir! Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. We have first question from the line of Kaustav Bubna from SKS Capital & 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
I have a few questions. The first question on the cable side. What are we doing in terms of 
expansion because I can see by taking out other income, the EBITDA margins have fallen 
on a year-on-year basis from about 33% to 31% and despite of increase in ARPUs from 
phase three and phase four, so this I am assuming is because of some expansion related 
costs or what is it, could you describe that? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
If you see on the expense side, the two expenses, which is on the higher side, the employee 
cost and other operating expense. As in phase three and phase four, we are going into the 
new areas and getting into that and that this as a fixed cost, which is going to come in and 
this has played in this quarter. If you see last year we have seeded around 1.48 million 
boxes and in these six months we have seeded around 1.38 million boxes, so very 
aggressively we have gone ahead in different markets and acquired customers and in 
acquiring customers we have to increase some of the forces and some of the operating 
expenses, but this is because we are driving the market very fast. Overall if you see, we are 
maintaining at 32%, which in FY March 17 also our EBITDA was at 32%, so we are trying 
to maintain that and in the further quarter we are expecting that it will improve as already 
the fixed cost and employee and other operating expenses are in place. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So is this expansion outside Gujarat and West Bengal? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
The expansion is happening mainly in West Bengal, a bit in Gujarat and a bit in 
Maharashtra. 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Great and what is your view on the TRAI order, it is stuck in the Chennai High Court, so 
can you give your best guess? I understand it is tough for you to comment, but when do you 
think, it will be almost a certainty for you to be passed, is it a timeline question or is there 
also uncertainty on if it could be passed in favour of the cable players? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Basically, this tariff order is good for DPO, but we are not dependent on it, but we are 
expecting it from the last four months, but still it is reserved in Chennai High Court, so let 
us hope maybe it comes either in next few months. Right now, in our plan of things we are 
not dependant on this tariff order on our performances and all and in our planning. Yes, this 
tariff order is very good for the DPOs as we have said earlier also and we are expecting that 
it will get implemented. But we are waiting for the court to come with the order. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Could you highlight the key levers that would help you see exponential growth in your 
broadband business post Q3? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, Rajan can you explain? 
Rajan Gupta: 
Essentially opportunity is at two levels gentlemen, so one thing is increasing home pass and 
then grabbing many newer consumers and second thing we will be upgrading current 
consumers thereby getting extra revenue as well as retaining them in this kind of 
competitive scenario. Now if you see Gujarat market on a wire-line still we do not have any 
competition at all. Market leader BSNL, which is offering 5 Mbps to 10 Mbps speed at 
max. In fact, the package starts from 1 Mbps and number two position is GTPL. Balance 
there are many small players, but there is no quality offering available in market. 
Essentially what we have gone back to our current consumers, just like Modi Government 
is planning the bullet train from Mumbai to Ahmedabad we are going to launch the bullet 
internet in your city. We are the first one who will start offering 40 Mbps, 200 Mbps plan at 
a mass pricing. For example, in the call earlier I mentioned we have a lot of consumers 
around Rs.470 to Rs.480 ARPU. With POC, we are offering them Rs.200 extra ARPU, but 
speeds move from 5 Mbps to40 Mbps and GBs monthly move from 30 GB to 200 GB. The 
response is very, very positive. So, based on that for entire Ahmedabad the back end ring is 
being upgraded to 40 GB, which can carry the traffic for all consumers and 100,000 home 
passes currently what we are working on as a picture of success. We are quite hopeful 
December 1st week, 2017 these 100,000 home passes will be fully ready to roll out. We can 
roll out FTTH in all 100,000 home passes and that is where result will start coming in 
because all these consumers are either BSNL consumers or small local competition, but 
essentially still paying around Rs.500, Rs.600, and Rs.700 and pretty much similar pricing 
we will launch this bullet plan, which is 40 Mbps 200 GB. 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, moving on to let us say two years down the line where do you see broadband sales as a 
percentage of your total sales just like indication? 
Rajan Gupta: 
So, while I cannot really share two years plan, but essentially there are other good 
companies where very heavy FTTH or DOCSIS 3 high speed broadband roll out has 
happened, we have seen cable and broadband has equal potential, so I see in future the time 
will come and GTPL will have cable subscription and broadband subscription as equal, so 
that is a kind of endeavour we are all together working on.  
Kaustav Bubna: 
Just last question on consolidation in the sector. What is your view on that and does GTPL 
want to develop this business and grow on their own or are they open to consolidation in the 
future? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Overall right now on our plans, we are going ahead on our own and increasing our presence 
in our operating states plus we will enter some new states also as the opportunity will come. 
There is no thinking on the consolidation side, and all is market speculation and it all 
depends at that point of time when the opportunity comes. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, is it fair to assume your cable margins will be muted around these levels because you 
will also be incurring more costs in expansion? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
No, we must understand that already the capex has gone for the expansion, 1.38 million 
capex has already gone. The fixed cost has already in place, and here the monetisation is 
still to happen, so you will see that monetisation is happening, but the cost is not increasing. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir! We have next question from the line of Rupen Patel from IL&FS Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Rupen Patel: 
Good afternoon. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just had one question on the 
technology part. You were talking about broadband wherein you have launched the GPON 
migration wherein you are offering higher speeds of 40 Mbps and higher data consumption 
up to 200 GB, so just on that currently what I understand is the wireless technology 
currently is not able to offer these kind of speeds at a similar kind of a cost, so going 
forward do you think there is a real possibility of a technological disruption wherein 
wireless can also be able to offer these kinds of speeds at a similar lower cost, which would 
then essentially make the capex for home pass and cable basically not required or 
redundant, so I just wanted your views on that Sir? 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Rajan Gupta: 
Rupen, worldwide itself, lot of case studies are available on this. Markets where 5G, etc., is 
already live, so what we see is the real broadband consumer is a consumer, which is 
consuming 200 GB per month and where Wi-Fi router is connected to TV on a large screen 
and the consumer is doing heavy OTT, binge watching, gaming, etc., so that is the real wire 
line broadband consumer. Now whether 5G comes, whether mobility pricing comes down 
that consumer does not change. So, like for example in Mumbai in fact many parts of 
country, in Mumbai already you can get Rs.100 practically unlimited data in wireless there 
are many plans available, but still we have not seen the real wire line consumer coming out 
of the wire line because speeds are also reasonably good 10 Mbps, 15 Mbps, but the 
consumer, which is connecting Wi-Fi router to the TV and consuming around 200 GB that 
is a real wire line consumer, so we have already seen many wire line broadband consumer 
in India. The average consumption is going up to 100 GB and 120 GB and gradually it will 
move to 200 GB, so GTPL while average consumption is low today, but it is growing. As 
Piyush already mentioned it has grown by 35%. So, as we start offering more GB and 
higher speed to consumer now,  GTPL also will see in the next one year or so the average 
consumption will increase by 100 GB per consumer, so that consumer is very sticky. That is 
the wire line consumer that does not really go to wireless. 
Rupen Patel: 
With the kind of research, which is going on in the optical network technology and the last 
mile where lot of vendors have been talking about R&D, they might be in a position to 
reach up to a speed of about 100 Mbps in the last mile connectivity from an optical 
networking equipment standpoint. So, do you think that could be a possibility in future? 
Rajan Gupta: 
Are you talking wireless or wire line? 
Rupen Patel: 
About wireless? 
Rajan Gupta: 
No, again I said there are different technologies possible, but whatever currently we 
understand about the wire line consumer, which connect Wi-Fi router to TV is a very, very 
stable consumer. 
Rupen Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir! We have next question from the line of Charles Cartledge from Sloane 
Robinson. Please go ahead. 
Charles Cartledge: 
Thank you and thank you for the call gentlemen. Congratulations on the results. GTPL has 
only been listed for a few months, but Rajan you are on the call and you have referred 
Hathway’s experience. Hathway also having a cable and a broadband division my 
perception is that in both companies in the cable TV business seems to have some 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 9 of 19 
momentum, which we have been waiting a long time for perhaps in large part due in 
Hathway’s case to the phase three and phase four consumer whereas broadband, which has 
been a great engine is a bit more subdued, so in the case of GTPL I am wondering if we 
might be seeing similar trends, which would be consistent namely we can see that there is 
some momentum in the cable division and broadband is growing, but growing a bit more 
slowly than perhaps it might return, but in the case of GTPL, you are kind of signaling that 
you expect to sign up quite a lot of subscribers in the next quarter or in the current quarter, 
which seems to me in contrast to Hathway, which you talked about competition and so on 
and so forth, so my question is this, am I right in thinking that there might be more 
momentum in GTPL broadband because there is simply less competition then it is true for 
Hathway, is that a correct interpretation and might we continue to see momentum in cable 
TV business? 
Rajan Gupta: 
Answering your point on broadband. I think both the companies at a very different level 
position on broadband, but GTPL, we have just started investment in high speed broadband 
that is one of the purpose of IPO as well, so we have just started investment currently if you 
see while we are number 2 in broadband in Gujarat, but we are still offering 5 Mbps, 10 
Mbps kind of speed plan, which are not really differentiated one. The idea was you start 
doing FTTH and then offer very differentiated product in a very less competitive scenario 
and that is where volume take-off. So, I would say GTPL whatever broadband you see that 
essentially is still the slow speed or average speed broadband, but you will see for high 
speed are happening currently and I shared the initial feedback, the feedback is very, very 
positive. So GTPL is all about building the blocks for the future high growth, which we are 
going to get from the broadband. There is a good gestation period because even ordering the 
equipment take around three months and GTPL broadband is a new company and then after 
that we should get equipments and deploy. So, there is a lean period for initial around six 
months or so. There is a reason I mentioned from December the growth is linked to an 
event. The event is the launch of 100,000 high speed home passes in Ahmedabad city, the 
most prime area of Ahmedabad city, so if you are doing for example 10,000 net addition 
last quarter as Piyush mentioned, now if we start doing 10,000 in month itself then we are 
talking about 30,000 in quarter, so that is kind of number GTPL is entirely taking and we 
see potential for that. So even on Hathway since we mentioned in all the call of GTPL I will 
just take 30 seconds, it was a very conscious decision to give more value to consumer and 
make sure the proposition is solid rather than keep on showing only revenue growth and 
future you have questionable business. We believe we are such a solid proposition today, 
which we have done by reducing cost and then passing the benefit to consumers that 
product has become unmatchable by anybody and now is the time again we have given 
enough value now the time to go back and grab many, many more consumers. For GTPL 
that situation will come after two years as of now it is a plain field available. There is no 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 10 of 19 
competition in high speed at all. They are already number 2. We have to just execute. 
Actually, it is pretty much matter of  time by December all execution you will start seeing 
the results. 
Charles Cartledge: 
Right thank you and cable TV? 
Rajan Gupta: 
Piyush, Charles was asking the whole CTV growth strategy for next couple of quarters. I 
explained the broadband one can you please explain the TV? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, on the TV side Charles, right now we have seeded around 1.38 million, we are going 
to seed more in the next two quarters and still the monetisation for these new customers are 
waiting, still pending, which we are going to do in the next third quarter and fourth quarter 
and so we are expecting that stable momentum will be seen as we are going ahead and 
CAGR for the whole cable revenue, which was at 24% will be maintained. 
Charles Cartledge: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Srinivas Rao from Deutsche Bank. 
Please go ahead. 
Srinivas Rao: 
I have questions on the margins both for your cable and for your broadband business. First, 
on a cable business you have indicated that your margin is likely to be in the 31%, 32% 
range. Is that fair to say that that is what your medium term expectation is there over the 
next one to two years, on the broadband side your EBITDA margins again is obviously 
improved a bit, but we have seen on other markets typically this business has a much higher 
EBITDA margin almost 35% plus is that possible over a period of time as you have said as 
you rollout your FTTH product and my third question is as you may have seen that Jio has 
very aggressive plans on the fiber side and I would imagine that even someone like Bharti 
who is going to be competitively positioned for that for the market, which you are currently 
operating, so while you are probably right that BSNL is current competition, but clearly that 
landscape is likely to change quite dramatically over the next two years on the broadband 
side, so my third question is what do you anticipate on that account? I will come back for 
more questions. Thanks. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I will give you for the first two questions and the third question I will direct to Mr. Rajan. If 
you see in the cable side, we are maintaining between 31% to 32% EBITDA from last 1.5 
years and we are hopeful that we will continue to maintain our EBITDA at this level at 
least. The broadband side EBITDA has improved from 26% to around 28% and we look 
forward to that as we go into the GPON where the operating cost is expected to be a bit less. 
We are going to improve our EBITDA on the course. Rajan if you take the third question? 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Rajan Gupta: 
No, I just want to add to the broadband profitability essentially for any high-speed 
broadband, the EBITDA are upwards of 35% like Hathway incentives greater than 40%, but 
GTPL is currently work in progress from high speed broadband, so as we mentioned 
100,000 home passes on high speed broadband starting from December 1, 2017 and then 
every quarter there is a plan. Once you start shifting to high speed broadband that is where 
your ARPU increased by at least Rs.100 because that also is very, very competitive and 
plus the benefit of sales start coming in when you start applying more consumers. So, these 
are two things, which are typically helping us to reduce bandwidth cost to sub 10% to 
operating cost, rentals, electricity, etc. So, broadband is definitely high-speed broadband 
upward of 35% in EBITDA margin. Coming to your point on competition let us understand 
the current layout plan. We have Airtel already in the Gujarat and Ahmedabad and I think 
much is happening as they have launched VDSL around a year back and their offering 
speed anything from 4 Mbps to 40 Mbps based on the distance you are from the exchange, 
but that is DSL technology. So, the competition is already factored in. As far as you 
mentioned Jio Fiber as we are talking there is no home pass plan, which has happened for 
Ahmedabad city or any other part of the Gujarat. So, our endeavour has been first launch 
home pass then launch high speed broadband at a mass pricing. If you see the kind of 
pricing you are talking about it is essentially Rs.650 and then one consumer start using 
more and more data then we start adding value add on. For example, we already have an 
offer available from Microsoft wherein we can give one TB cloud to consumers. We can 
start bundling lot of content. So, the idea is to build a product around Rs.600 and offer so 
much value to consumer there in terms of speed. Coming to speed also, the equipment, 
which is going to consumer home that is capable of 1 GB speed right from the day one we 
are buying equipment wherein we can upgrade from 40 Mbps to 1 GB. So, we have the 
capability to take speed up to one GB, a capability to take monthly GB up to 1000 GB, 
bundle content along with that, bundle thing like clouds along with that and the biggest 
advantage GTPL has is that all the home passes are available we have to just upgrade to 
high speed. The experience has been, there are some national players, which have taken two 
years to do 400,000 home passes and 0 in Gujarat, so we believe we have clear three years 
available in Gujarat without any major competition and even if it comes GTPL is a very, 
very popular brand name there, in fact number one in TV, it is a pretty much household 
brand name and Rs.600 its offering is very, very strong, so we believe we can fight any 
potential competition. 
Srinivas Rao: 
Thanks this is really helpful. Is it possible in future that the TV what you call content will 
get bundled via the fiber and you do not need separate connection into the home once as 
long as they have a fiber then you can give both internet and TV content through one pipe if 
I may use the word? 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Rajan Gupta: 
If you see the top 1% of consumers in India are already in a way doing it. That is a whole 
Indian consumption story. The guy who was eating samosa starts eating Pizza, the guy who 
is eating pizza start eating gourmet pizza, so top 1% are shifting, this is cable ARPU so low, 
cable or DTH it is only US$5. We still keep in a TV for sports or any event, but already all 
the smart TVs have the apps available, so which consumer can watch live TV or a catch-up 
TV, so even if top 1% people start shifting, they are not cutting the cord because ARPUs 
are only $5 and second thing is parallelly we have a lot of new growth coming in. So, I 
think it is part of Indian whole consumption story. Top 1% will shift to something else, but 
still maintain TV because ARPUs are very low, but finally we are adding many more 
consumers. 
Srinivas Rao: 
Understood Sir! This is helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir! We have next question from the line of Sanjay Chawla from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Thank you for the opportunity. This is Sanjay Chawla here from JM. I just have first few 
housekeeping questions and then I have got two main questions. Can you share the number 
of HD set top boxes and the capex incurred in second quarter and first half? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Total HD boxes the active HD boxes in the system is 630000 (0.63 million) and we are 
doing the HD Billing of around 150K on the full HD prices. The rest is at the promotional 
prices right now and we will start monetising once we charge the full HD prices in the 
coming quarters. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
630000 boxes? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
630000 HD customers. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
This is a significant jump because I thought last quarter you reported less than 300000 if I 
am? 
Rajan Gupta: 
Yes Sanjay, major focus what we have done is for rollout, so for that we have done 
quarterly promotional scheme, but as Piyush said that is actual monetisation will come in 
next quarters. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
That is correct. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
The total capex for this quarter is Rs.78 Crores, last quarter I have given that was Rs.88 
Crores where Rs.8 Crores have gone in broadband, Rs.80 Crores have gone in cable, this 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 13 of 19 
quarter it is Rs.78 Crores where Rs.17 Crores has gone into broadband and Rs.61 Crores 
has gone into cable. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
The broadband ARPU of 487 you have reported, I am wondering how it is derived, is it 
derived on the basis of active broadband customers because if I look at broadband revenue 
for the subsidiary and I know some of the revenue may be outside this company, but 
probably bulk of it is already here, your ARPU is much lower like Rs.433, what is the 
measure of 487? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Rs.487, as on closing this ARPU as on September month. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Well is the customer base that you have reported? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, what we have reported is active customer. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
So, the customer base reported is active customer? 
Rajan Gupta: 
Yes, it is only active customer. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
260K is active customers. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Because in last quarter you had 486 number so obviously if the exit ARPU was 486 we 
should have been at 486-487 for this quarter, but we are at 433, so that is the source of 
confusion? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Last quarter we have reported our 250K subscribers at 486 ARPU and this year ARPU 
remains flat this quarter. We have added 10K more subscribers, which has come to 260K 
and the ARPU is at 487. If you see the increase in revenue side in the three months time you 
will find that it is increased by around Rs.1.3 to Rs.1.4 Crores. So, you will see the increase 
in the number of customers and based on that ARPU you will find. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Sir you will not be able to get these revenues that you have reported by multiplying ARPU 
into average customer base, but I will take it offline? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
You have to take the average Sanjay because 487 is at September month, but we will take it 
offline. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
What is the activation fee in the standalone company as per Indian GAAP in this quarter? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Activation fee remains same. 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Sanjay Chawla: 
What is the total activation fee in rupees million? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I-GAAP figure, the activation is coming to around Rs.43 Crores. I will give you the exact 
numbers I do not have right now I will give you offline exactly. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
How much more seeding we expect by March 2018 at consolidated level? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Sanjay as we mentioned in last quarter, that we will seed 1 million, so this quarter we 
already seeded half a million customers, so coming March exit will close to another half a 
million customers. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
That is great. I have a question on GPON you mentioned 100,000 home passes would be 
launched in December so can you indicate how many of your existing broadband customers 
are under this home pass who can be potentially upgraded and how many new customers 
can be tapped? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
These 100K homepass which are talking, it is mainly in Ahmedabad right now. If you see 
our 35% market is in Ahmedabad overall from current subscriber base, so out of 35% 
around 15% is what we are expecting on this 100K home pass, which is getting upgraded 
and we are getting more new home pass on this and new pass and then we will start the 
whole Ahmedabad city after this. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
So that 35% of your…. 
Rajan Gupta: 
Work is going on parallel everywhere and other cities also in Ahmedabad and other parts 
also, but this 100K we want to launch first. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
So, we are looking 35,000-40,000 customers potential, your existing customers who are 
availing these home passes right in Ahmedabad? 
Rajan Gupta: 
In Ahmedabad we are talking about around 40K customers who are getting upgraded in this 
plus we are creating around more around 60K home passes. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
But Sanjay if you see like as Rajan says in this area if you see 1,24,000 customers in 
December 1, 2017 straightway we can offer 40 Mbps speed straightway. Yes, in these 
stickiest customers opportunities are there we can create another 30,000 subscriber also. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
So, 40,000 will already be within this home pass number and you are saying? 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Rajan Gupta: 
Sanjay there is some confusion. So, if you are talking about as of out of this 100,000 home 
passes which is there, we have around 16000 current consumers, which are there, which are 
live consumers, currently on MEN technology. Now the capacity, which is being planned 
here, we can go up to around 40,000 consumers there on FTTH. So that is essentially we are 
saying from currently 16,000 consumers, which are on MEN technology here by upgrading 
technology those 16000 can be upgraded, they can be definitely upgraded and overall 40000 
we can create a capacity for direct fiber to home, but as o mentioned if we want 40 Mbps 
speed, it is fiber to the building, then more customer can be there, but you can take as a base 
case 40000 consumers overall can be there, current 16000 and another 24000 can be there. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Got it and we are all looking at Rs.200 kind of ARPU incremental if people migrate to the 
40 Mbps product? 
Rajan Gupta: 
Absolutely. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
This is great. Just a last question do we expect further increase in C&P revenue this fiscal 
because in the standalone company we are running at Rs.58-59 Crores per quarter, is there  
scope, have you sign any deal? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
Yes,. If you see our last financial quarter like Q3 and Q4, it has been better than that. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir! We have next question from the line of Yogesh Kirve from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, the current upgradation from 5 Mbps to 40 Mbps so is this 
under FTTB or FTTH? 
Rajan Gupta: 
We are doing both. Fiber obviously is going to every building. Certain amount of 
provisioning is happening for FTTH in which you can give up to 1GB speed also to 
consumer home because only use there at the consumer home, but overall when you 
mention the 40000 consumers FTTH is provisioned as of now, obviously the last mile is not 
done, last mile we do when consumer come. As far as 40 Mbps speed is concerned that can 
be given to all the 100,000 consumers. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
What would be your focus from here on would we focus on having 40 Mbps and spreading 
the operations or upgrading 200 Mbps is also on the angle? 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Rajan Gupta: 
No, that is essentially we are saying both the options are available. It is not either or please 
understand the way. If FTTB is there we can offer immediately 40 Mbps, which is available 
to all 100,000 consumers. Parallelly in the same building if for example, there are 100 
consumers out of which 20 want FTTH, the provision is already available for 40% of the 
consumers, so we can upgrade those 20 consumers to FTTH within next 48 hours because 
fiber is already there in the building, in each floor instead of drawing last mile in copper we 
can draw last mile in fiber and give the only way to consumer home. This is not either or 
both the things will parallelly exist and over a period as consumer moves on to 100 Mbps in 
fact why we stop at 100 itself either mentioned equipment in FTTH it is capable of 1GB. 
Airtel is already offering 200 Mbps, so we will start upgrading further and further. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
So, what is basically difference between the capex for FTTH and FTTB, basically last mile 
the fiber and ONU, so what could be differential in the capex on that front? 
Rajan Gupta: 
No, essentially Rs.2000 in the last mile broadly speaking and that is what will make the 
difference. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
CPE as well as fiber? 
Rajan Gupta: 
Incremental fiber would not require. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
In the television we talked about NAGRA backend, so which would enable the high and/or 
premium television service what could be the incremental services that could be offered on 
television? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
We did understanding with Samsung and NAGRA. Samsung  are now launching in Gujarat 
market it is called HD TV with GTPL TVkey, so there is no need of local set top box, they 
just need to buy only TVkey from GTPL side and to connect their actual TV Samsung HD 
TV television so they can watch 4K content, also they can watch high definition content 
also, they can watch standard definition content also. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
So, this is one asset, beyond this are there any additional services that could be offered 
under this technology? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
Additional service is like I said like high definition straightaway you do not require high 
definition set top box like 4K content, you do not require 4K set top box that is all at high 
definition 4K all equipments built in this ability. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
That is all from me. Thanks, and all the best. 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir! We have next question from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas 
Securities India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Vora: 
Thanks Sir. Couple of questions from my side. How is the GPON deployment progressing 
beyond Ahmedabad? Are you on track to cover 4 cities by end of fiscal 2018 and what will 
be the plan in terms of broadband home pass for fiscal 2019 that is one if you can answer 
this I can go to the next question? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
So Kunal as Rajan said earlier we were using MEN technology so that all 240K to 250K 
customers were in MEN so this as said like market is going high speed broadband side so 
the number of people who use high speed broadband and in the coming quarters our plan is 
to give all our 240K customers straightway 40 Mbps speed. As Rajan said first pilot, we 
already started in Ahmedabad area called Prahladnagar satellite, so it is completed almost 
100K customers in FTTB and 40Mbps speed straightway and that also we can offer at least 
close to around 16000 customers to FTTH. 
Kunal Vora: 
GPON would be available in all cities how many cities GPON will be available by end of 
fiscal 2018? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
Pardon? 
Kunal Vora: 
GPON will be available in how many cities by end of fiscal 2018? 
Anirudh jadeja: 
All major four cities like Ahmedabad, Baroda, Rajkot, Surat, these all four cities it is 
available at the end of this fiscal. 
Kunal Vora: 
Second question on government contract, do you have the contract for full WiFi 
deployment in municipality, what is the timeline of execution and when will the revenue 
booking start and are you bidding for any more such contracts? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
Yes, we are bidding for more such because the government is coming like WiFi village 
project or government cable for BharatNet project so we are bidding that, but this project 
will complete end of December or before January 15, 2018. 
Kunal Vora: 
Like in the coming quarter we should expect some revenue booking for the government 
contract? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
Yes, but this contract is for five year, so it is year-on-year that revenue will be realised. So 
basic major purpose Kunal ,for 1500 police stations, which covers 150 plus cities in Gujarat 
like Tier-II, Tier-III, Tier-IV cities so where GTPL’s presence is there , we do not have any 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 18 of 19 
problem with the infrastructure as we have already deployed infrastructure. Wherever going 
forward we have to deploy infrastructure, we are getting free ROW from the government. 
All these infrastructures will be owned by GTPL. For five years we can use ,for providing 
services to 1500 police stations ,only one core fiber, thus we have other core to provide 
bandwidth and services to our customer, to provide WiFi,.We are giving service for five 
years, but this entire infrastructure will be owned by GTPL. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood and third question Sir on over the last one year you seeded about 2.1 million set 
top box while your active customers were increased by 1.65 million, there is a gap of about 
0.45 million so it is a churn number like about half a million customers churned over the 
last one year? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
No if you see the last quarter paying customers versus active customers this quarter is active 
customer versus paid customer has increased almost 1 million. If you are talking about like 
as your question is which 400K as we said half a million set top box seeded in this quarter, 
so yes, its actual monetisation will come in the coming quarters. 
Kunal Vora: 
But I was looking at active customers so should not even set top box seeded this quarter 
even where should be active customers I was looking at the difference in set top box seeded, 
which is 2.1 million over the last one year and I was comparing it with active customer or 
change in active customer base, which is 1.65 million so the gap is 0.44 million customers? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, Kunal just 0.44 million in this you can say that lot of has to be has to get active right 
now as seeding, which has happened in last Quarter. 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
The LCOs will have the set top box is in the process and is activated, that is the main 
difference and this will be completed in the next quarter. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood so this is not churned it is more about because set top box, which are yet to be 
active? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
Yes. 
Kunal Vora: 
Last question from my side. What is the broadband capex for subscriber right now and also 
what is the subsidy, which you are offering on standard definition as well as high definition 
set top box? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
On MEN right now whatever customers we are deploying this 10,000K or 20,000K in the 
last six months this is all MEN, for which the cost is coming between Rs.3500-Rs.4000 per 
customer depending upon the area. 

 
 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
November 07, 2017 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Kunal Vora: 
Set top box? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. What is the second question? 
Anirudh Jadeja: 
Set top box we are giving 10% subsidy in standard definition and high definition side we 
are not giving any subsidy. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood. That’s it from my side. Over to moderator! 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir! Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I would like to thank all the participants and if they have any further queries or any 
clarifications, please contact me directly. I will glad to give you answers. Thanks a lot. 
Thanks a lot for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of BNP Paribas that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
