
 
Page 1 of 8  
 
 
 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 16, 2018 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Intense Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Shikha Kshirsagar from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Shikha Kshirsagar 
Thank you, Bikram. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us on 
Intense Technologies Q3 and 9M FY18 Earnings Conference Call. We have with 
us Mr. C. K. Shastri – Founder and Managing Director of the company, Mr. Jayant 
Dwarkanath – CEO and Mr. H.M. Nayak – Head of Finance & Administration. We 
will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in this call 
maybe forward-looking, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
earnings announcement shared with all of you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. 
Shastri to make his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
C. K. Shastri 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for taking time to join 
us on this earnings call, it is really appreciated. To begin with, I will give you some 
insights into us for those people who do not know what we are as a company. We 
are an enterprise software products company based out of Hyderabad, having 
presence in about over 45 countries with Fortune 500 customers using our 
platform. We are leaders in the telecom and life insurance verticals in India. 
To make it very brief, yes, 2017 has been a very challenging year for us especially 
because what we had envisaged, the game changing managed services deal has 
run into some unforeseen things due to these statutory guidelines which came in; 
that has really impacted our performance. However, we have taken several steps 
to ensure that we march forward positively ahead. We have taken up steps on cost 
optimization. We started engaging a lot with system integrators to increase our 
footprint across global services. Despite these investment constraints, we continue 
to pursue cloud and I am glad to tell you that one of the world's largest satellite 
company has chosen us on cloud for their platform and we are also looking ahead 
to ensure that the year is profitable for us. 
With this, I would like to hand over the thing to Q&A. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. We have our first question from the line of Khushal K, 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Khushal K 
Could you just explain the dispute on invoices that you have mentioned in your 
results. 
C. K. Shastri 
Typically, what we do is that as per the milestones, we always invoice to our 
customers and we had achieved the milestones as per the work order but the 
payments, because of certain disputes had not come in.  As a matter of prudence 
we have taken the reversal, because what happens is that we pay the taxes, which 
is a huge amount, there is a time barring issue. So we had to take it up, but 
however, the opportunity we still believe continues to exist. 
Khushal K 
What is the likelihood of these receivables becoming irrecoverable, is there a 
possibility or that will just get deferred? 
C. K. Shastri 
What we are seeing is that we have actually restated this for the last year and 
these revenues will come in the coming years. The revenue opportunity has not 
been lost. 
Khushal K 
And other question is that why is it that every quarter, there is some announcement 
that regarding tie-up with some big MNC or XYZ company, but it does not always 
show in the revenues. So since the past few quarters, it has been happening which 
is quite concerning. 
C. K. Shastri 
I think it is a very good question, Mr. Kushal. You have to appreciate that for an 
enterprise product, the selling cycles are very long worldwide, but once we acquire 
a customer, he starts contributing revenue for AMC, operation support, 
professional services and so on and so forth. And the world is moving towards the 
cloud aspect of the business. So what happens in cloud is your revenues do not 
build up until unless you have multiple of them adding up. You would have seen 
Adobe, they said once they got into entire thing of complete cloud, they said that till 
next 3 years, you will not see the breakeven. We are also working on this because 
the whole world is moving towards cloud and we just made an announcement in 
these results that we have acquired one of the world's largest satellite company on 
cloud and the good part of the cloud thing is that it is predictable, it is assured, and 
it is all about a certain breakeven point, but it adds up to the bottom-line straight 
away. 
Khushal K 
Yeah, but I mean there are so many cloud companies, so what is the differentiating 
factor that would like put us apart from the clutter? 
C. K. Shastri 
The point is that in our space, we do not have many companies on cloud. 
Enterprise business integrating with their core systems and fetching data, it is a 
hybrid kind of a model which we have pioneered and have made successful. In 
fact, for the satellite company we had to go through the pilot POC even for a cloud 
requirement. Typically, cloud like ERPs or DMS or any one of these things, you just 
log in, sign up, use it for 30 days, then start paying. But in our thing, the value is 
also much better, the challenge also is integrating into their core system. 
Khushal K 
And lastly when do we get to see like the actual growth that we are expecting since 
a very long time? 
C. K. Shastri 
We had a Black Swan event this year and I am very confident despite that. It is a 
huge revenue which was supposed to come in for us and despite that by the end of 
this year, I am very confident that we will be profitable both on EBITDA and net 
profit and once this thing gets resolved and of which we are very confident, you will 
see a massive upside. 

 
Page 3 of 8 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Aejas Lakhani from MMFT. 
Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Sir, again my empathies with challenging situation that you are placed in. Having 
said that, just wanted some clarity that we are already in the implementation of 
Phase-2 for the managed service contract. 
C. K. Shastri 
Yes, being a public sector enterprise, it has its own challenges, but we are very 
confident of getting over it both for Phase-1 and Phase-2. Phase-2 partially has 
been implemented. There are many things in Phase-2. There is loyalty 
management, there are coupons, advertisements and all of that. So at this moment, 
we have completed the billing advertisements, the e-bills and those parts of it. And 
we are pretty confident that it is a contractual obligation for them also to see ensure 
that they close this and move it and we are completely focused to see that we 
resolve this and move forward. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
As a part of Phase-2, just to kind of build on what Shastri has been saying, as a 
part of Phase-2, lot of implementation has been done and test invoices have also 
been sent out. So to kind of iron out the entire process of invoicing for the future, 
what we have also invoiced them for the test invoices that have gone out into the 
two customers. The value probably is not relevant and significant at this point in 
time, but to kind of iron out the entire process itself, we have also invoiced them for 
all the customer invoices that have been sent out. 
Aejas Lakhani 
And sir just on the second point regarding that the prior period item, so that Rs. 
10.5 crore of invoice essentially it is not written off, it has been withdrawn and you 
are going to raise it again after a particular period? 
C. K. Shastri 
We will take it as it comes in the coming year. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
The opportunity continues to exist. The worry that we were having was because we 
had invoiced it and paid duties and taxes against it. Beyond a certain point in time, 
we would have lost the opportunity if ever, to probably claim back that tax and so 
we took the decision consciously to restate this and at least claim the taxes and 
duties back. 
Aejas Lakhani 
But you will raise this bill with them again in this year or the next? 
C. K. Shastri 
Yes. 
Aejas Lakhani 
So this Rs. 11 crore is not a write-off thing? 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
No, it is not a loss of opportunity. 
C. K. Shastri 
From a technical perspective, financial numbers of last year have been restated. It 
is not impacting the current financial year. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
It is not impacting the current financial year. We have restated the last year 
statement and we are seeking a refund of duties paid. 
Aejas Lakhani 
And the settlement for the Rs. 10.5 crore will be raised in the next year or this year 
again? 
C. K. Shastri 
We are still battling with that since it is a disputed thing. It should come only in next 
year. 

 
Page 4 of 8 
 
Aejas Lakhani 
And sir just wanted to check whether most of your bandwidth is being occupied by 
the managed service contract? 
C. K. Shastri 
I will be lying if I say that our bandwidth is not occupied, the point is that it is such a 
big deal for us. It is a game changing deal for us. Of course, our bandwidth has 
been utilised. However, we have taken very prudent steps in terms of increasing 
our opportunities in the cloud space. The result of which is what you have seen in 
form of the large satellite company coming in. We are hoping to see that some 
large opportunities in Europe fructify this quarter. 
Aejas Lakhani 
And sir last quarter you had mentioned that you had given them the Aadhaar 
linking as a part of the package. So that has already been implemented or is going 
to be implemented? 
C. K. Shastri 
It has been implemented, it is being rolled out but they are continuing to use 
another application which is there which is the dispute which is going on. The point 
is that what has happened is that the current processes, there is something called 
reverification or the Aadhaar linking of old customers. That has come in as a 
showstopper for us because that was not a line item in the tender. So we have had 
to go back to them and tell them that we will do that free of cost and part of the 
overall coverage. Some of the guys had not taken it favorably, but we had many 
committees were formed and typical public sector things doing it, but we are seeing 
some resolution coming to it sooner. We continue to invest in that particular 
account and despite that, we are cash profitable if you take YTD and once that 
start contributing, you definitely can see a good upside 
Aejas Lakhani 
So sir you see all of this being resolved under this financial year or it will spill over 
into the next year? 
C. K. Shastri 
We are hoping that it will happen in this financial year. We have targeted ourselves. 
We have also given them ultimatum also to see that… 
Aejas Lakhani 
So sir if you were to attach your probability to it being solved in this year, you would 
say 60%-70% there is a chance. 
C. K. Shastri 
Yes. More than 70%, I would say. 
Aejas Lakhani 
And sir just one last question. From the receivables of the half year which were at 
around Rs. 36 crore, what will be the receivable position as on date? 
C. K. Shastri 
I exactly do not have the number now. I will provide you that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Srihari Srinivas, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Srihari Srinivas 
I have a couple of basic questions on the financial statements. You have posted 
Rs. 32 crore on revenues in the last 9 months. My question is what percentage of 
these revenues are from annuities and what percentage of these revenues are 
from new license contracts. 
C. K. Shastri 
I would say more than 90% of them is annuity revenues and the balance is the new 
contract licenses. 
Srihari Srinivas 
Now looking at your annual report from last year and you had I think around Rs. 
106 crore on annuities in fiscal year 2017. You have mentioned that annuity 

 
Page 5 of 8 
 
revenues are on track. So I am assuming that this fiscal year also you would attain 
around 46 crore on annuities. So that is correct? 
C. K. Shastri 
Yes. We are on target for that. But what happens is that as per new accounting 
standards, a lot of annuity revenues have to be recognized on a deferred basis. So 
that could have a slight impact, but otherwise we are on track, absolutely on track 
and as we add new customers, it added to our annuity revenues and other service 
revenues. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
In fact even in this current quarter, there is annuity revenue which is accrued and 
probably money is being received, but they will get recognized in the subsequent 
quarter. 
C. K. Shastri 
So if you take that amount of Rs. 2.8 crore which we have already received 
payment, we will not be in negative what we have stated, but however, due to 
accounting standards in a way we have to recognize them on a quarterly basis. 
Those agreements with our customers had been that 100% advance. 
Srihari Srinivas 
And can you share some details on how much revenues our subsidiaries have 
earned during this fiscal year. I am asking the question because last year I think 
from a financial statement standpoint, your subsidiaries did not have any revenues. 
C. K. Shastri 
The point is that UK as I had mentioned always has been actually we have these 
subsidiaries created primarily for reasons for having our talent being there. If you 
are not a 100% subsidiary, you cannot get the visas for the trained resources for 
our products and platforms. So that is one of the reasons which is there. The major 
customer in Europe for us has been a large, one of the world's largest telecom 
operators with whom we have a global agreement with Luxembourg. So all the 
invoicing happens to the parent company. Only the expenses happened there in 
the UK subsidiary; whereas in the US, what happens is that US company invoices 
directly to the end customers and we do a transfer price as per the statutory 
guidelines of 90% to the subsidiary. So if you really look at it from that perspective, 
I would say that it will take a long time for the subsidiaries to breakeven. 
Srihari Srinivas 
And I have the question on the managed services contract, so I need more clarity 
on the revenue model. Let me explain where I am coming from because on one 
side, you have mentioned that this is a Rs. 150 crore contract spread over 6 years, 
but during the last conference call you have also said that Phase-1 and Phase-2 
comprises of transaction based orders and that there is a profit sharing component. 
What exactly is the revenue model? 
C. K. Shastri 
I will tell you. The thing is that there is a component; 1) whenever we on board a 
customer, we get paid Rs. 5 and there are three categories a customer onboarding 
with a physical cap, with Aadhaar, with non-Aadhaar based thing. And for non-
Aadhaar base, it is Rs. 3. Apart from that, they have their entire customer data 
lying across the country which as per the tender is about 7.5 crore of data which 
needs to get migrated into our centralized storage system which we have created 
on the customer premises. And the migration of each of these things were 
supposed to Rs. 3 per customer. However, we are battling with the dispute of the 
Supreme Court which says that you do not need the old thing, but there is lot of 
other statutory agencies like NIA, Home Ministry and other departments where 
there are guidelines to see that the data is maintained for 7 years. So they need to 
get into a centralized place, currently they are stored in the individual circles and in 
20-21 locations in a very haphazard way which is very risky because customer 
profile data, you are talking about high VIPs and all of them and it is a data security 
issue which we have taken it up seriously. This is as per the Phase-1 is concerned. 
Phase-2 comprises of our bread and butter thing about communication. They have 

 
Page 6 of 8 
 
about close to 1.8 crore landline customers and they have about close to 25 lakhs 
of postpaid customers to whom they send out bills. So our idea is to see that we 
send out digital bills and we also bring in advertisements into the digital bills and if 
we bring in the advertisements, whatever if we get Rs. 1 paid per bill by any of the 
guys like the advertisers, 60 paisa would come to us and 40 paisa would go to 
them. Apart from that, there is a thing of every communication which goes out, 
there is a 12 paisa; mobile communication whether it is WhatsApp or SMS or push 
notification, we get 12 paisa per notification. For example, we sent out a bill to you. 
So bill has been sent out, so for which we get paid 12 paisa per communication. 
Apart from that, we have proposed saying that we will be running a loyalty 
management system against which we will be redeeming the loyalty points through 
selling of coupons. It is a massive business and we have not put any value to it in 
our Rs. 150 crore what we have said. So this Rs.150 crore comprises of the 
migration data and the transaction data purely on the published date. But the 
upside of advertisement revenue and all that has been not taken into account. 
Srihari Srinivas 
Thank you for that information. One last question, so you have said that the 
resolution looks lightly. So I am looking at the notice that you sent to the exchange. 
You said that Phase-1 revenue resolution looks lightly in the near future. So just 
wanted to get a timeframe from you. So would that be during this fiscal year? 
C. K. Shastri 
It is completely hogging up the entire bandwidth. We have continued to invest in 
this thing for so long and we are putting all pressure possible and we are hoping 
that we would conclude within this financial year. And of course there has been 
some line items like the scanning which I forgot to mention in the Phase-1, there is 
about 7.5 crore of unscanned data which is lying which needs to get scanned 
which their contention is it will not be required once we do the reverification which 
we are willing to forgo. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Anirban Dutta from Jet Age 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anirban Dutta 
I have two questions. One is you write in the notes to accounts published that the 
first payment of 4.5 crore, you write when the form of payment was fully realized. 
So my question is this has been realized in the current fiscal year and how has this 
been booked, in which quarter was it booked or is it going to be booked in the 
current quarter? 
C. K. Shastri 
It was realized in the last financial year. 
Anirban Dutta 
After the restatement, it was realized. I am not able to understand the restatement 
and also the fact that it has been realized. 
C. K. Shastri 
No, the money has been realized. There is a dispute related to this Rs. 4.5 and Rs. 
10.5 and they have asked us to refund that thing despite making the payment. So 
from that perspective, we had to do it. 
Anirban Dutta 
Second question is earlier there were some key initiatives from your side to look for 
a strategic partner. Is there any meaningful progress on that? 
C. K. Shastri 
We are pursuing it. We continue to pursue it. We have just little slowed down. We 
have appointed an investment banker and we are looking for the right partners to do 
go with. Obviously, this is a very critical and important decision for us, but what I 
have liked to tell you is that from a perspective, we are seeing some fantastic 
traction coming from system integrators. One of the very large system integrators 
even in making an investment and taking us into or putting our solutions in the 
Mobile World Congress, which is one of the largest telecom shows in the world and 

 
Page 7 of 8 
 
very expensive. So at this point in time, we are pursuing, but not very aggressively. 
We are waiting for a right partner; and I would say that the valuation, the timing has 
to be right. 
Anirban Dutta 
And one final question, sir what kind of losses do we expect from subsidiaries for 
this fiscal for FY18? A ballpark number. 
C. K. Shastri 
It could be around Rs. 5 crore. We are also optimizing there. It should be about Rs. 
4 to 5 crore. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Khushal K, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Khushal K 
So regarding the big contract with the telecom company, so recently I had read 
somewhere that it might be optional to link it with Aadhaar, so what is your say on 
that and currently they are saying it is mandatory, but I read articles where they 
also considering… 
C. K. Shastri 
It will be very good for us. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
Kushal, if it becomes optional, then it works in our favor because then my platform 
starts getting used. 
C. K. Shastri 
We have three likes of thing which physical also and contract. As per contracts, the 
physical cap management and the Aadhaar based and you scan all the three lines 
will be in use. So we do not get to lose anything in that. 
Khushal K 
But that will also result into reduced revenues? 
C. K. Shastri 
No, it is contractually we have the line item for that because this particular contract 
was finalized much before this Supreme Court order which came in. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the follow-up question from the line of Aejas Lakhani from 
MMFD. Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Sir, just wanted to check with after probably once dust settles on the managed 
services contract, I am sure that lots of other PSUs have opportunities. Are we 
going to pursue any further opportunities in the PSU space? 
C. K. Shastri 
If we had the bandwidth and if we had the required, as I always keep saying one of 
our biggest problems is we have got a great technology, great solutions, but then 
we require massive capital. One PSU itself has drained us so much. If we have 
some decent capital infusion, definitely there are massive opportunities, trust me. 
GST, just our robotic process auto machine reconciliation is a very powerful tool for 
financial reconciliation with GST which we are just trying to seek an appointment 
and go about it and do it. There are several opportunities like that. You can imagine 
we have only one sales guy in the US. US is a massive country. Europe, we have 
only one sales guy. And what happened is that because of this, investments into 
this, these constraints in investments have come in, we hope to get over it and we 
hope to start investing in the right places not only in the large PSUs, cloud and US 
and Europe markets. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
In fact Aejas, all most of the PSUs and the government institutions are corporate 
customers of BSNL themselves and so when this entire deal was being put 
together, conversations also revolved around the platform not only serving BSNL 
and probably extending to the PSU customers. 

 
Page 8 of 8 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
C. K. Shastri 
Thank you very much all of you for taking time to participate in this earnings call. 
Really appreciate your time. we really look forward to being in touch and seeing 
that we together as all investors prosper in taking this company forward. Thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Intense Technologies Limited 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy.  
