
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
HPL Electric & Power Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY2018 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 14, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Gautam Seth, Jt. Managing Director, HPL Electric 
Mr. V.R. Gupta, Director, HPL Electric 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Harshit Kapadia, Elara Securities 

 
 
       
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the HPL Electric and Power 
Limited Q3 FY2018 Earning Conference call hosted by Elara Securities Private 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities Private 
Limited. Over to you Sir! 
Harshit Kapadia: 
On behalf Elara Securities we welcome you all for the Q3 FY2018 and nine month 
FY2018 conference call of HPL Electric and Power Limited. I take these 
opportunities to welcome the management of HPL Electric represented by Mr. 
Gautam Seth, Joint Managing Director and Mr. V.R. Gupta, Director. We will 
begin the call with a brief overview by the management followed by Q&A session. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Seth for his opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Gautam Seth: 
Thank you Harshit. Good evening everyone, warm welcome to all of you to 
discuss our financial results for the third quarter, so we recorded robust financial 
performance during the third quarter marked by strong revenue growth and 
improved profitability. We are on track to deliver an improved performance in the 
second half of the financial year 2017-2018 in line with previous guidance. The 
net revenues at 276 Crores in the third quarter recorded a strong growth of over 
23% both on year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter basis. The gross margin 
remained flat year-on-year despite the rise in the raw material price particularly 
that of the plastics procured for manufacturing electronic meters. 
 
EBITDA increased on absolute terms by 17% quarter-on-quarter and 10% year-
on-year to Rs.30.3 Crores. EBITDA margin remained flat at 11% compared to the 
last quarter and declined marginally in comparison to Q3 of the previous year. 
This year-on-year decline was mainly due to the increased marketing and 
advertisement expense. 
 
We have increased our investments in the marketing and advertisement and its 
benefit will accrue in the near future. Net profit for this quarter was at Rs.8.8 
Crores registering a substantial growth of 42% quarter-on-quarter and 10% year-
on-year mainly driven by higher sales. 

 
 
       
Page 3 of 15 
 
The PAT margin improved by 42 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 3.2% in the 
current quarter for the financial year 2018. There has been an increased traction 
across all our business segments leading to a healthy capacity utilization of all our 
manufacturing facilities. Our consolidated order book stands at Rs.372 Crores as 
on date. The metering order book remains comfortable at 307.5 Crores despite 
strong execution of orders in Q2 and Q3 of the current financial year. This 
provides good revenue visibility for the next two quarters. Currently there are 
additional tenders worth Rs.3500 to Rs.4000 Crores, which are under evaluation 
by various utilities. Further there is also a good opportunity in the smart prepaid 
meter as utilities are focusing on improved measurement and collection 
efficiencies. 
 
Switchgear segments order book stands at over Rs.26 Crores. The switchgear 
segment witnessed a strong revenue growth in the third quarter driven by renewed 
management focus and higher trade business. Lighting segment order book stands 
at Rs.24 Crores, both the switchgear and the lighting segments continue to be 
largely driven by robust sales in the trade segment. Wires and cable segment is 
expected to deliver strong performance over the coming three quarters as we are 
currently executing few high value speciality cable orders. The company expects 
benefit in the switchgear and wire segments due to the reduction in the GST rates. 
There is also a strong momentum halfway through Q4 with the backing of strong 
revenue growth in the Q3 and overall we expect to deliver significant 
improvement in our H2 performance over the H1 in the current year. 
 
R&D team continues to focus on developing new products and incorporating the 
solar technology and making the existing product lines more flexible enough to 
cater to and accommodate various specifications of our end customers. 
 
The newly launched Saubhagya scheme, which aims at electrifying various 
households, will create substantial demand for meters and switchgear solutions. 
HPL’s cutting edge innovation, manufacturing and R&D progress should help us 
to capitalize on these growth opportunities in the near future. Our future strategy 
will be to leverage our capabilities and strong market position in the metering and 
switchgear space and to capitalize on the demand traction created by the various 
government measures. Further we will be consistently investing in strengthening 
the HPL brand and pan India presence and offer customers a one-stop solution in 

 
 
       
Page 4 of 15 
the electrical equipment space. We have already increased our advertising and 
marketing efforts in this regard. 
 
Our investment in advertisements has gone up to 2x in the first nine months of this 
current financial year in line with a strategy. We expect to realize the benefit of the 
brand building efforts going forward. With this now I would like to hand over the 
call for a Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question 
and answer session. We will take the first question from the line of Pankaj Sharma 
from Niveshay. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Thank you for the opportunity. The question is regarding the capacity, can you tell 
me the product wise capacity at HPL holds like what will be the capacity of meters 
and what will be of switchgear etc.? 
Gautam Seth: 
So you are talking about the capacity utilization? 
Pankaj Sharma: 
The capacity and the capacity utilization? 
Gautam Seth: 
If you see the capacity in terms of meters we talk about normally 90 lakh meters 
per annum and that is the kind of recorded capacity what we have, but in other 
things it is a little more variable, something more subjective to calculate, but I will 
give you a sense on how our capacity utilization have been and how they have 
moved over the last couple of one or two quarters. If you see in the last year our 
capacity utilization across the company have been around 50% to 60% and that 
has moved up now, so in terms of our metering today we are well over 80% on 
switchgears, much better it is really moved on, but though I would somewhere 
place it just about may be 60%, 65%. In terms of lighting again the capacity 
utilizations in the last quarter have been much healthier, so broadly if I have to put 
a figure the capacity utilizations are today around 70% to 75% across the various 
segments, so that we have seen certain better utilizations in the last quarter and I 
see that to continue even across this quarter as well and ever further to improve. 
You must also realize that when we talk on the capacity utilizations it is in 
someway a little flexible because as we are very well backward integrated some 
processes are recorded on single shift some maybe on one-and-a-half or two shifts, 
so still there is a scope when we talk on the capacity utilizations coming closer to 

 
 
       
Page 5 of 15 
100 there is still a flexibility that can get enhanced without any major capex to 
happen. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
When we claim that we can do 2500 Crores revenue that based on single shift? 
Gautam Seth: 
I was coming to that only, but we kept a common base, so while from moving up 
on a capacity utilization that is against a common base, so that is our internal 
check just to see the way we are utilizing our capacities, but the moment we come 
closer, so when we say we can do nearly 2500 Crores of revenues on this capex 
that is actually possible because some of the processes we will need to run it to 
second shift maybe even some like the moulding machines and others going on 
three shift basis and that is how we can achieve it. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Sir my next question is regarding like what are the major geographies in which we 
are targeting our LED and modular switchboard and wire cables, the geographies 
like north market or south market? 
Gautam Seth: 
We have a Pan India presence and so it is not that we are specifically, I will put it 
the other way that we are actually targeting all the geographies, we have offices in 
every state capital in most of the major town and cities, we have our own people, 
we have various rep officers over there, so in terms of our focus it largely remains 
on a Pan India basis when you talk on the Indian market, so similarly we have out 
network, our dealers, distributors spread across the country and the focus right 
now is to enhance the sales and to go more deeper in each of the area, so in terms 
of our reach we are almost there. The penetration now needs improvement what 
we are working on? 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Sir any major geography, which has shown good response in this side? 
Gautam Seth: 
Currently like if you see in the second quarter our sales of lighting had gone 
almost, we are almost doubled from the Q1 to Q2 and then thereafter on Q3 
though it was after the Diwali Festival still the sales have been pretty good, so the 
drop has been very negligible after the festive season, so we have seen a very good 
traction on lighting on the trade sales especially in the north and the eastern part, 
so that has been something, which is growing, but it may vary from product-to-
product, but generally we are now seeing past the Q2, which was quite much 
affected by the GST impact, now we are seeing the trade market to pickup and 
definitely I would say I the sense of the market reviving is seen from across the 

 
 
       
Page 6 of 15 
county, so some pockets could be much more faster or some could be slower, but 
generally we are seeing a good traction across the regions. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Have we seen any development on net metering front and prepaid meter front like 
orders something from somewhere? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, if you see on the net meters, we have been supplying because the net meters 
has mainly come in with the onset of the solar applications coming in, so we have 
been supplying to the various users who are the rooftop applications and also to 
certain solar developer, so net meters is growing although it is not something what 
would go to the level of what the normal utility meters goes at because that is put 
in every home, so net meters are still used wherever the solar installations are 
there, but still we are supplying that and that is normally going through the private 
developers who are putting in the solar installations. As regard the prepaid meters, 
now prepaid meters have been around now for over I would say 5 to 7 years, in the 
last three to four years penetration of prepaid meters have gone up, but again that 
has gone up mainly with the builders who have been doing it for the societies and 
the condo developments and that is where the government also in many states have 
been insisting on single point billing to the society and the subsequent billing 
happens by the developer and the Resident Welfare Association, so that is how, so 
that is where the prepaid meters have been used, so we have been supplying on 
that the first time, now we have seen with EESL that they have come out with a 
large tender for prepaid meters, so this is the first time that a very large tender by 
the Government has been undertaken, otherwise normally it has been happening at 
more on a private level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Digant Haria from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Digant Haria: 
My first question is I want some data points in terms of what is the borrowing 
figure and what is your inventory and receivables figure for December 31 2017? 
Gautam Seth: 
Our net debt is at 426 Crores and I can give you the figure for the net working 
capital that is around 680 Crores out of which the receivables are at 454 Crores. 
Digant Haria: 
This net working capital number last quarter like September quarter was 654 
Crores right, is it the same number? 

 
 
       
Page 7 of 15 
Gautam Seth: 
667. It is almost been stable at that end, although the sales have increased almost 
23%, so even impact. 
Digant Haria: 
This is 100 Crores more than what it was in the end of March 2017 and we were 
trying to do a lot of these channel financing and dealer financing things, so I just 
would want to know that these kind of working capital levels are extremely high, 
when you look at any industry in the world or in this country, 67% of your sales as 
working capital is very high, so is there a game plan to change this or as long as 
we remain a metering company we have to live with this number. 
Gautam Seth: 
You are right on saying that when we see the net working capital figure is on a 
higher side, so this is mainly our utility debtors has been at a higher level and 
despite UDAY coming in we have not seen a much improvement happening from 
the utility debtors, although if you see the trade debtors they have come down by 
about 10 to 12 days in the last one or two quarters and even looking at September 
2017 to December 2017 they have again come down and with the sales this I am 
talking in absolute terms they have come down with the sales growing up 23%, so 
although there is a marked improvement happening now on the trade debtors the 
utility debtors continue to be at a higher level, so that is bit and otherwise we are 
overall working, we are well aware of this and steps have been taken to stop the 
increase of this of this NWC and bringing it down. 
Digant Haria: 
My second question is that if we have to think of three years from today what kind 
of revenue mix does the company see that that will metering as a percentage of 
revenue come down significantly because when you say that you are present in all, 
you have a Pan Indian presence in lighting, switches and wires you know what 
your sales number is still very, very small, so like is there a potential that next 
three years the metering grows at 10%, 12% and everything else grows at 25%, 
30%, so that the proportion of metering is down? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes in fact historically if you go back to about 5 to 6 years back the metering has 
been in fact that time primarily the metering was also mainly the utilities and that 
was almost 60%, 62%, which has now other than this quarter, which has just got 
over, here the metering comes at 55%, but this is again a one half quarter because 
in the subsequent quarters as we go even to the next quarter we would see this 
coming back to almost may be 48% to 50%, but over the next three years if you 
ask me I would say the meters would continue to grow the way the industry is 

 
 
       
Page 8 of 15 
growing, but the other segments, which are the trade driven segments would 
anyway outgrow and we would see the revenue mix change, the metering coming 
down and actually the utility part coming down below even 40% because out of 
metering almost 15% in some years it has even gone up to 20% that is the 
segment, which goes through the trade, so eventually the non-trade segment rather 
the non-utility segment on meters also have been increasing. So overall that is the 
way we see the revenue mix to change in the future. 
Digant Haria: 
Do we will maintain the EBITDA margin guidance of 11% to 13% on a 
consolidated level? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes for the near future yes that is how it would continue to be. In fact if you see 
since we talked on the EBIT margins even the metering has come down since the 
last quarter mainly because of the polycarbonate and industrial plastics going up 
and if you aware of the industrial plastics cost they have gone up even right from 
50% to 60% and that does form a substantial part of the raw material, so that has 
resulted in the EBIT coming down about 1% to 1.5% on that, but generally we see 
that situation should get sorted out by may be end of the first quarter and the EBIT 
margins for meters have been around normally 16% to 18%. Switchgears have 
been much better. We have done about 18% in the last quarter, so that should 
remain. Overall with the mix, but if you see in this last quarter we as a company 
do feel that our switchgears are something, which really needs to now come up. So 
we have given it renewed focus within the company and since that has a higher 
EBIT margin so if we are able to even take it up to overall as a share even up to 
20% to 25%, the overall mix can change, so currently maybe at 11% to 11.5% of 
EBITDA maybe we can drive it up by another 1% up as we go forward. 
Digant Haria: 
Thank you. I will come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Good evening Sir. Sir just a followup on the previous question Sir you mentioned 
that the prices of industrial plastics have gone up by 50% to 60%, so is that the 
reason that we are seeing higher growth in revenue? What would be our volume 
growth for this quarter? 

 
 
       
Page 9 of 15 
Gautam Seth: 
The increase in the industrial plastic actually does not have bearing on the revenue 
front because as you are aware because this polycarbonate is used mainly in the 
metering segment and there are prices are firm with the utilities, so any increase or 
decrease in the cost affect is directly absorbed by us, so it gets into either it adds to 
the margin or depletes the margin. So we have been seeing this trend. It is a global 
trend not specific to India that the polycarbonate has really gone up and so right 
now we are absorbing that cost. So it has no relevance on the revenue front. The 
growth what we have seen in the last quarter and we have been guiding 
accordingly also that our H2 would have a very good growth on the metering front 
and we are seeing that. Our capacity utilizations are today well over 80% maybe 
even 85% on that and right now on meters we are still sitting with an order book of 
over Rs.300 Crores, so which again gives us a good visibility going forward. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir in your current order book of Rs.300 Crores, so does it include revised pricing? 
You said the prices of plastics have gone up, so the orders, which you already have 
in hand will you be able to pass on that? 
Gautam Seth: 
Now these Rs.300 Crores orders some of the recently tendered ones in fact 
currently if you see there are almost Rs.3 Crores meters. I am talking in number of 
meters, which are under at a tender stage, so many of them the tenders are due, 
which we are waiting to submit. Some we have already submitted, which are 
waiting to be finalized. Obviously the impact because this impact has been 
happening since the last almost from August 2017 onwards the prices has started 
going up. I guess the newer prices what we have quoted are all having the increase 
taken into consideration. Any orders, which are probably pending from the earlier 
times and if probably the last schedules would be going on they are the ones, 
which are on the older price. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir coming to the Rs.3 Crores meter, which you said are at tender stage Sir I would 
like to know, which technology these meters would be? Would it be RS Mesh 
network or these would be GPRS base network? 
Gautam Seth: 
No these are mainly because we have seen only smart meter tender, which was 
finalized by the EESL, which had the GSM and the GPRS technology, but out of 
these Rs.3 Crores roughly about 2 Crores meters are all form the state utilities, 
which are normal single phase and three phase meters and there is a tender from 
EESL, which is on the prepaid meters and that is for a 1 Crore quantity, so that is 

 
 
       
Page 10 of 15 
how it is. So right now we are talking about either a prepaid meter and which is a 
prepaid based meter and the others are normal meters, which have been quite 
regular being used by the various utilities. 
Harsh Shah: 
Of the Rs.3 Crores you mean to say that Rs.2 Crores are the normal meters and 
only 1 Crore are the smart meters? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes they are the prepaid meters. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir prepaid meters, which it is used? 
Gautam Seth: 
I would say they are like a regular meter, but they are normal a prepaid meter, so 
they are on a keypad technology and so there is a separate the BIS. There is a 
separate standard for that. That is not with a two-way communication the 
particular tender that has come out. 
Harsh Shah: 
What is the status of smart meters on the ground? 
Gautam Seth: 
I am not so much aware, but I think the orders were given out, but currently I do 
not think the supplies have been made. So I think you will need to check it up 
EESL how it is progressing, but I do not think have been made right now. 
Harsh Shah: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sir I just few questions from my end. Sir first is on continuing on with the meter 
side of it what is the status of the prepaid with your tender? What is the status at 
this point in time? 
Gautam Seth: 
Currently I think by end of the month may be it is due on the February 27, 2018 
that is how I remember that and there have been a couple of interactions and other 
things and I think it has been postponed also for some time. Now I think it is due 
for the end of February. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
End of February and Sir second part is you had highlighted on the expense of the 
company could you give the Q3 number and the nine month number and secondly 

 
 
       
Page 11 of 15 
you are also looking to expand the brand image as well, so can we expect a similar 
kind of ad spend to continue in FY2019 as well? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes if you see the ad spend we have about Rs.11 Crores what we have spent in the 
current nine months and that is up from almost Rs.5.38 Crores in the last year, so it 
is almost at a double figure to the last year, so right now if you see the strategy 
what we have put in for the brand because you must realize that the June and July 
months were very weak and even trade was affected by GST, so we focused a lot 
on the BTL marketing, which was below the line marketing, more on the point of 
sale visibility. So there we have really worked in a way to really enhance our 
brand, so that is what we are doing because that is what we believe it has got a 
much more quicker ROI because we do things on the ground level and the 
immediate affect can be seen on the sales. That is what we are doing it, but as now 
we see the market overall pickup, which is evident in the Q3 and hopefully even in 
the Q4 should have such kind of a thing. Then we are looking at now coming in a 
bigger way, but generally I would say going forward we are committed to building 
up the brand in a bigger way. Right now we have not finalized, but my senses that 
our ad expense would minimum go up by maybe 25% to 30% in the coming year 
and looking at the way the market is reacting we are ready to put in even more 
expense on that. Already we are working with a couple of agencies now to look 
what should be the long term strategy for the next year with respect to HPL brand 
on what new media we can look to focus to ourselves. In a way one to optimize 
the cost and second thing to put in a much more better strategy so that to have a 
more visibility on the same money spent. That kind of a strategy we are working 
on. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sir another question is you had mentioned at the start of the call that in cables and 
wires we have received some specialty cables some contracts or some orders are 
there could you highlight to which industry this is and what value would this be 
and this margin lucrative for you? 
Gautam Seth: 
If you see our focus as a product line has been mostly on the domestic and the 
flexible cable. Now if you look at the flexible cable segment, we have a lot of 
specialty cables. Solar is one segment where we are already seeing certain good 
movements happening. There are also certain elevator cables, CCTV, and even 
certain specialty cables for telecom. Right now there have been a couple of orders, 
which are going in more for the telecom infrastructure and that has again helped 

 
 
       
Page 12 of 15 
us. We do see a good revenue visibility on the wire and cable going forward at 
least for the next two quarters we do see a good revenue visibility for the wires 
and cables. Although the efforts on the domestic wiring to build up the trade 
channel is also on there and that is also, so our focus largely remains in that 
segment. We are not into the LT or the HT power cables. This is our focus and 
now we are really pushing this forwards. Just to add one thing in terms of the 
margin, I would say although this gives us a better capacity utilization, there could 
be some savings coming in more from the larger volumes what are coming in, but 
by far the margins in the business currently what we are doing are quite similar to 
our existing margins, but only we expect to have certain savings more on the cost 
side and more on the overheads as we do a better capacity utilization. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sir final question from my side since your capacity utilization has increased from 
50% to 60% to 70% to 75%, but you think how much more margin expansion 
room we have if it reaches around 90% odd across the segment Sir? 
Gautam Seth: 
What we see is as our capacity utilizations go up the fixed overheads they will get 
allocated to the larger revenue and that is what will come down. In fact if you see 
that is already starting to happen in some bit, but here our advertisement costs 
have gone up. The cost of plastics polycarbonate, which forms quite a substantial 
part on the metering that has gone, but these are again certain things, but as the 
capacity utilizations go up I am sure we will see a better absorption of our fixed 
overheads, so that is definitely going to give us a positive result and we are also 
working on to even better our product mix because I would believe both equally 
play a very important role. The product mix and the capacity utilization to actually 
get a good margin and that is how we see ourselves to do in the future. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Any broad number that you can also suggest with this? 
Gautam Seth: 
Not immediately, but I think the number what we feel right now what will help us 
is because already our order book has been on the metering part. We see the trade 
part to be much more better now post the GST. Definitely the immediate if we are 
to give some guidance on the revenue part, we definitely see a much better Q4 to 
happen even vis-à-vis the Q3. That itself will help us to do that, but I am sure as 
we go forward we should be able to update you more on that. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sure and all the best Sir. 

 
 
       
Page 13 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Sharma from Niveshay. 
Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir what are our prices of the meter like single-
phase meter or smart meter? 
Gautam Seth: 
Broadly if you see the average meter price if you see on an annual sales basis 
comes to about Rs.950 to Rs.1000 a meter and the smart meter if you go by the 
tender is about I think somewhere around Rs.2500, but again what you must 
realize is that each of these meters have a very different specification, so even if 
you see a single phase meter and the specifications in India differ from one utility 
to another. We have single-phase meters, which are even priced around Rs.500 
and they even go up to even Rs.1200 to Rs.1300. The three phase meter may again 
start from may be Rs.900 even going up to Rs.2500. Smart meters depending on 
the specifications and what kind of things you load on that can even go up to 
Rs.3000 even up to Rs.5000. The prices are pretty variable if you see based on the 
technology and the kind of specifications and also on the volumes. Some of these 
also are directly dependant on the volumes of the tenders what are coming out, but 
broadly if you see our own performance Rs.1000 a meter on an annualized basis is 
something what we take also as an average per meter. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Sir what would be the price of prepaid meters the coming tenders, which you are 
talking about any expectations? 
Gautam Seth: 
If you could wait for the end of the month. I am sure we all will wait for some 
price discovery to happen. I will not be able to tell you that, but generally they are 
at the higher side, but again this depends the 1 Crores meters is a very high 
quantity. There is no doubt in that, but again it depends upon the specifications. It 
depends on so many things and you also have to realize that one needs to take into 
consideration the warranty period, the payment terms, and everything all that goes 
into it when we see the price, so I think for this you will need to wait probably for 
the end of the month to just discover the price. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Sir regarding lighting segment are we doing any development in front of the EESL 
or are we just focusing on the retail market like LED business? 
Gautam Seth: 
In the past, we have done a considerable amount of business with EESL, but that 
time what we believed the prices were much better and there was a good amount 

 
 
       
Page 14 of 15 
of margin what was there. Subsequently when the prices really went down that is 
when we started focusing more on the domestic segment. In fact that has really 
helped us because if you see our LED business in the last even 18 months we have 
been really growing at a high double-digit figure on the LEDs. Unfortunately, 
when you see the overall financials of our lighting business there is also a 
significant drop of CFL sales happening. Optically when you see the overall 
business you will see that the growth is very minimal or something, but actually 
the CFLs are going down the LEDs are really going up. That is how one needs to 
see that. This is how we are focusing on the trade market. If you see on the EESL 
time and again if there are certain tenders, which are having better technology 
generally we find in that the competition is much less. We have been doing some 
business with them and that is how, but now if you see the scenario in the LED 
business is changing quite a lot that the pries are now quite stable if you see in the 
last nine months. Now the prices have stabilized quite a lot that is better much 
more healthy environment to actually do business. We are anyway open to looking 
at if there are any good tenders where we find the terms are good or the margins 
are better, we are fully capable to participate and our focus otherwise continues on 
the trade market as ever. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Sir we have seen a substantial rise in the prices of copper and oil, so do we see any 
pressures on the margins going forward like for coming year in the coming two to 
three years like both the cycles have turned up? 
Gautam Seth: 
If you see the wires and cables have the maximum use of copper and I think in the 
last five to six months we have almost had four price revisions. Three of them 
have been upwards and I think there has been a downward correction in one of 
them. Normally as per the movement of copper we have seen the prices are moved 
up and down and they are passed on to the consumer with just a lag of may be one 
week 10 days. Whatever is happening is in a way getting passed on. That is 
keeping our margins quite stable. Oil though directly does not impact, but the oil 
does have an impact on the polycarbonate and the plastics what we use. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Yes I was talking about that only? 
Gautam Seth: 
That is what like earlier in the call I was talking about the polycarbonate going up 
and that has gone up substantially also because of certain global events happening 
including certain larger plants getting shut down for maintenances for even one to 

 
 
       
Page 15 of 15 
two months. That is again a phenomenon, which I would believe would ease out 
somewhere by the end of the first quarter for next year, so till then yes those 
pressures are there. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
That is all from my side. Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Well that seems to be the last question. I now hand the floor back to 
the management for their closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Gautam Seth: 
I would like to thank everyone for coming here and just before we close just a 
word that as we see things are now getting much better on the ground with the 
GST and the demonetization effects going off, we definitely see a much better 
business environment and even with the government initiatives like the Saubhagya 
and the affordable housing, which are two factors, which we really believe will 
drive a lot of demand for the switchgear and the meters. There are a lot of these 
types of positive things in the market and our company is really working to grab 
those opportunities. Again I would like to thank all of you for giving us good 
attention. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Elara Securities Private 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines now. Thank you. 
