 
 
February 27, 2018 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip Code: SATIN  
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400023 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539404 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Update on Conference Call held on February 14, 2018; 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 and in furtherance to our letter dated February 13, 2018 with respect 
to Conference Call held on February 14, 2018, we hereby wish to submit the transcript of such 
conference call with this letter as an Annexure-1. 
 
We request you make this updates public by disclosing the same at your website. 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Choudhary Runveer Krishanan) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Satin Creditcare Network Limited Q3 FY2018 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. AALOK SHAH – CENTRUM BROKING LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. H. P. SINGH – CHAIRMAN CUM MANAGING DIRECTOR 
- SATIN CREDITCARE NETWORK LIMITED 
MR. JUGAL KATARIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - SATIN 
CREDITCARE NETWORK LIMITED 
MR. DEV VERMA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER - SATIN 
CREDITCARE NETWORK LIMITED 
MS. MANSI VERMA – HEAD CAPITAL MARKETS - SATIN 
CREDITCARE NETWORK LIMITED 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Satin Creditcare Network Limited Q3 
FY2018 earnings conference call, hosted by Centrum Broking Limited. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Aalok Shah. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Aalok Shah: 
Thanks Stanton. On behalf of Centrum Broking, we welcome you all Satin Creditcare Q3FY2018 
results concall. From the managements end we have Mr. H.P. Singh, the CMD of Satin 
Creditcare followed by other senior management team including Mr. Jugal Kataria, the CFO, Mr. 
Mr. Dev Verma, the COO and Mr. Mansi Verma, Head Capital Markets. Without taking much of 
our time, I would like to hand over the concall to Singh Sir to kind of give us comments and brief 
through on the numbers. Over to you Sir! 
H.P. Singh: 
Good evening everyone. I will take you through our journey of the last quarter as such. After 
clocking in two quarter of losses, we return to profitability in September 2017 for the quarter 
ended September 2017, our PBT stood at about Rs.17.1 Crores and we have in fact doubled our 
PBT for the quarter ended December 2017 to about Rs.34.3 Crores. 
 
This quarter in fact we have made an extra provisioning over and above the RBI requirements 
and the norms to the tune of about Rs.16.9 Crores and in spite of the provisioning being done in 
this quarter our consolidated PAT for December 2017 quarter has gone up by about 92% quarter-
on-quarter to Rs.21.6 Crores. If you look at the last two quarters, our PAR 90 numbers have in 
total gone down by about Rs.158 Crores of which the last quarter we had about Rs.61 Crores 
recovery in the PAR 90 numbers. 
 
Now moving on from the PAR numbers, our disbursement for standalone nine months for the 
year 2018 is at about Rs. 3,599 Crores which as compared to the full year of FY2017, the 
disbursement was close to about Rs. 3,594 Crores and on consolidated basis, our AUM now 
stands at about Rs.4,881 Crores, which gives us the growth of about 31% year-on-year and about 
9% on a quarter-to-quarter. Our AUM growth over the last nine months is 20% as compared to 
FY2017 and based on this we are on track to fully meet our guidance for March 2018 of Rs. 
5,500 Crores. 
 
The other points, which were in terms of our portfolio - the concentration of the UP state for us 
has gone down by about 2% from the September quarter. The percentage of the UP state now 
stands at about 34.7% as compared to 36.9%. And taking the cue forward, I think you know 
technically on January end or so we have close to about 33% as our percentage in terms of our 
concentration in UP. 
 
Our cashless disbursements are also now increasing on quarter-by-quarter basis. We were at 
about 26% by December 2017. We currently, at January end - early February, are standing at 
about 30%. So an increase of another 4% from there in. And our guidance for the next June 2018 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 5 of 17 
numbers is that about 50% of our portfolio will be through cashless disbursements. Reiterating 
our fact of the newer disbursement happening after demonetisation from January 2017, we still 
stand at 98% collection efficiency from there on, and this in turn represents close to about 84% of 
our total portfolio as of now. 
 
We have raised capital in the nine months close to about Rs.440 Crores or so in which Tier 1 was 
about Rs.360 Crores and Tier 2 was about Rs.80 Crores. Which gives us a capital adequacy of 
26.60%, where in Tier 1 stands at about 21% or about 22% and Tier 2 stands at about 4.64%. In 
terms of our license which we got for housing finance, we got a license in November 2017. We 
in fact disbursed our first loan in housing finance on February 7, 2018 and for us as a business 
model our vertical will probably be focusing more on the rural micro housing space. So that the 
niche which we are trying to develop in housing finance space side. 
 
On the tie-ups, which has happened across in the last six to eight months - we tied up with 
Capital First for our non-microfinance product and we started the pilot during Q3 of FY2018. We 
are incorporating few learnings from the pilot and we are aligning our process and systems going 
forward after having done the pilot across over there. The good news about the tie-up with 
IndusInd Bank is in fact we disbursed of our first loan after integrating our process and system 
with IndusInd Bank today and we are willing to take this partnership forward in microfinance 
space also. These are the opening remarks across over there. We will open it up for the question 
and answer from all the people across who are there. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. We have the 
first question from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Good evening Sir. Great set of numbers and congratulations to the entire management team of 
Satin. My question on the collection efficiency numbers in this quarter it is 98%. When I look at 
the performance of other microfinance players in the Q3, there is a meaningful improvement of 
collection efficiency whereas in our case it is flat compared to the September data to December 
data. So could you comment on the same and secondly of our total 16% of book, which is vintage 
old book basically on that 9.2%, already NPA 6.8% it is extended book on that what kind of 
collection efficiency we have? 
H.P. Singh: 
I will tell you something if you want to do a comparison with our peers I think we will have to go 
back into the history of GST of demonetisation and look at the comparison of how we have 
probably come out, I think we give it in our last presentation that we were about 75% impacted 
as compared to the others. In terms of our impact we were probably three times much more than 
what our peers would have been. So I think if you really look at that from that angle you will 
have to give us probably some forbearance in terms of the difference between may be 98% to 
may be 99% as compared to our peers or 99.5%, so that is something which we probably have to 
standby for some short period of time where we are disbursing again in the same impacted 
territories as such. So that is probably the call which slowly and steadily we will probably be 
increasing as the way move forward across over there. That is one and in terms of if I heard you 
correctly in terms of our 16% of whatever it is I think we have probably been able to provide in 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 6 of 17 
terms of we do not have comparison but off the record we have comparison across we provided 
on a basis that we provided close to 62% of our GNPA has already been provided across over 
there as compared to may be our peers someone who has done about 67% or 75%, so I think it is 
far more comparable in terms of if you look at things over there. Our net NPAs technically are 
close to about 3.67% we are still in the work-in-process mode. It has been one year, two months 
since the time we probably arrived at by recovering close to about Rs.159 Crores across PAR 90 
in the sector. Another six months probably is the right frame or the right time where you can 
probably judge where this is all heading onto. We will take a while before it finally comes across 
over there. So moving across from technically 50% collection efficiency and PAR 1 of about 
50% coming down to that. I think it is process in the question of time before finally settles down. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Second question on the recent commentary by one of the players for the MP markets that the 
collection efficiency in the trend in the MP market is somewhat depressed, so what is our 
experience in that market and secondly recently the Rajasthan government announced loan debt 
waivers so we have exposure of 3.6% to the state, so how do you see the impact on the collection 
efficiency in NPA and credit cost because of the development? 
H.P. Singh: 
Again what we have to really understand these things go up and down. Technically, you are right 
to a certain extent that yes, in the last, probably if I would say last 15 days or so, may be the MP 
market is a little depressed, but then you have a lot of factors which actually ruled in. There are 
by elections which would be coming in, there are rallies which are going on across over there. It 
does get impacted in a short-term. But if you really look at it, I think probably we will have to 
wait for sometime before you really look at it. And my own sense is that nothing as bad as what 
demonetisation could probably bring in, so once you come back from may be as I told you from 
50% to down to this, I think, this is now all work-in-process which will always happen and we 
will keep on the journey of trying to bring it back into the system and try to work on the 
collection efficiency, but yes certain pockets will certainly be depressed at some point of time, 
certain pockets will probably go up and in terms of Rajasthan after the loan waiver has been 
announced it has been about two, three days. We have not seen any kind of a depression in our 
Rajasthan collections. So as of now we do not see anything which is there in terms of by-election 
coming up in Rajasthan. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Okay and how much we have booked for the capital first non-MFI products till date? 
H.P. Singh: 
We have done a pilot. That’s what I said. I think the learning from the pilots are coming in based 
on our process and integration which is happening. We have logged in a few numbers for the 
two-wheeler segment, but it is getting integrated. So whatever learning we have from the pilot I 
think we are taking into cue and working out and thrashing it out with them. I think the scale will 
start happening once this is all done, so it takes a while before all these processes will get 
integrated. So may be another a month or so before it finally take up shape and start scaling up 
from there. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Okay and last one small data point what is the cost of funds on an average in a marginal basis Q3 
compared to Q2? 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Jugal Kataria: 
Marginal cost of funding is roughly 11.75% or so. The blended cost is slightly high but we are 
getting most of the sanctions between 11.25% and 12%. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Versus Q2 Sir? 
Jugal Kataria: 
Q2 marginal cost of funding was about 0.25%, 0.3% more than what we have had today. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Because the markets moved up, so I thought there should be some impact on us? 
Jugal Kataria: 
No, the rating has been slightly revised from BBB plus negative outlook to stable outlook so that 
also some impact, so the marginal cost has improved by roughly 0.25% to 0.3% in this quarter. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nagraj Chandrasekar from Laburnum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: 
Thank you for taking my question. Congrats on a good quarter operationally. Just had a question 
on the securitized portion of your book now started building up again, so what would you like to 
take it up to say over the next five quarters when you have that Rs.5,500 Crores March 2019 
guide. Just so we know how to model this out? 
H.P. Singh: 
So I think there is a correction - the Rs.5,500 consolidated figure is for March 2018 not for 
March 2019. By March 2018 we will be crossing that because we are already at Rs.4,880, close 
to Rs.4,900 so that is the number we have. But on the securitized book I think Jugal can take. 
Jugal Kataria: 
Securitization portfolio for the started growing. They are getting good traction there. There is a 
lot of demand because of annual closing, etc. So historically we have touched high of 25% to 
30% of our portfolio. With IndusInd now taking some shape I think over a period of time some 
35% to 40% book is going to be under BC arrangement for IndusInd, And will we prefer to do 
another 15% to 20% securitized or assigned book and balance we will keep on book - is a broad 
thought process right now. 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: 
Secondly on collections of past due loans, you have again done a good figure of Rs.60 Crores 
this quarter bringing it down on top of the Rs.100 Crores last quarter. Just wanted your sense of 
what you can get over the next quarter and what sort of write off we are likely to see in a sort of 
an updated view, you had mentioned Rs.150 Crores number in the last concall, just to where you 
think this number will end up now and when you will be taking it? Thank you. 
H.P. Singh: 
I can’t hazard a guess right now to give you probably where the numbers will probably move in, 
but I can probably give you an insight that it is now the hard task which is there, so the last final 
bit which is left in terms of our unprovided portfolio if you really might call it up as that in which 
is our net NPA. This bucket is going to be slightly tougher than what we had probably done 
earlier. But still we are confident enough in terms of our thing we could probably take and scatter 
over the next two quarters as such but since we were able to bring it down in fact by about 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Rs.160 Crores across over here. Our own endeavour is to move on and bring it down further. Just 
to give you a very small example. We brought out zero collection client from 81,000 to about 
62,000 across. And if I give you probably the insight of my last week’s number as such so that 
62,000 has come down to about 57,500 or so. Now the journey is going to be a little tougher 
where it is going to be may be very small things which we will probably move across in terms of 
our collection, but the point is that as the management team who has worked relentlessly for the 
last one year and about two months or so. We have brought this down and going forward we will 
probably be bringing get down much further. But to be very honest I do not want to hazard guess 
or may be set on any kind of expectation, but the thing is that we are working on definitely there 
will be positive results. 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kashyap Jhaveri from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity and congratulations for quite commendable 
turnaround. I have three questions. One on your margins, if I look at even adjusted for interest 
income reversal there seems to be some squeezed on margins Q-on-Q, so what could be the 
reason for that. Question number two, is that it looks like we had about Rs.60 Crores to Rs.70 
Crores of recovery in this quarter, but interest income reversal is just may be about million 
rupees or so, why would that be so low and third question is that if I look at PAR 1 that is coming 
quite dramatically down, but in terms of PAR 30 it is pretty slow turnaround, so how should one 
look at that? 
H.P. Singh: 
First two questions Jugal will answer. I will give you the answer for the third one. 
Jugal Kataria: 
So on the margin front there were some delays etc. also, though we are recovering the amount. 
So to that extent there is some pressure on the margin. But as the new portfolio is getting almost 
98% of the collection, and we have broadly we have priced our product at roughly 9.7%, 9.75% 
margin as against 10%, which is permitted. This and because of some delay in collections that the 
margins are slightly squeezed, but as the overall collection is improving with a lag - we have 
collected almost 96% for December and about 94% for January – so as that gap is reducing I 
think these thing will get corrected as well. 
H.P. Singh: 
I think on the PAR 1 and PAR 30 numbers, if you look at the last 14 months as such, technically 
if PAR 90 can come down which probably in the earlier avatar it never used to be the case, if you 
really ask microfinance pundits across the whole journey as such they will all say PAR 90 is non-
negotiable and you will never recover it. But for us we have still been able to recover that. So my 
own sense is I think that if you look at the relevant thing, at PAR 1 numbers as long as it starts 
coming down that is a happy trend and that is a positive trend to look at. And my own sense is 
PAR 1 and PAR 30 definitely will take a while before it is finally registers into may be new 
numbers and if I give you a figure of bringing down from 11.43% I think our PAR 90 came down 
to about 9.17% and PAR 30 would be it about 12% of our total so it will be there. My own sense 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 9 of 17 
is that as the demonetisation level starts going down, the credit cultures will start coming back 
and has started coming back. But give it a time before and finally settles down across over there. 
But this was the big event, there is a completely black swan in our whole history of our life. And 
the discipline is finally coming into this thing across over there. To just give you one more cue 
based on that. We also track our attendances across there. The attendance across in centre 
meeting is registering a significant improvement in terms of there. If I give you my 
demonetisation figure my attendance had dropped down to about 50% that has now jumped up 
and come down to about 85% or so which was also slightly a notch below the levels, which we 
had it before. So that is relevant trigger point, which we really look at, I think PAR numbers will 
follow suite after these attendances. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
Okay and last question on this, credit cost in TSL how do you see that moving so let us say in Q2 
that number was in terms of credit cost number Rs.3.2 Crores, this quarter it again went up to 
about Rs.4 Crores, so how do you see that panning out? 
H.P. Singh: 
It is small one as compared to our larger portfolio in Satin though only thing which is probably 
holding us over there is the reluctance of some of our borrowers, partner banks, probably giving 
in products or may be lending again in the impacted territories and that has been our biggest 
drawback in terms of our recovering or old portfolio from our existing clients, because if you do 
not give for other fresh loans across in the same territory definitely the whole process goes for 
toss. In fact, that is probably one of the reasons why we have been talking to our partner banks 
and few of them have given products now to do more. So you will be seeing more positive 
numbers now on as we have got the products from our partner banks to move across over there. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
Sure. Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ramesh Rachuri from Scient Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ramesh Rachuri: 
Good evening Sir. Excellent numbers of this quarter and as you promised post the September 
results most of the pain has been gone through whereas some others are still feeling the pain, as 
one of the speakers has previously mentioned. I had two questions, one is on the MSME book 
particularly since the MP question has been answered and second I find the excess interest spread 
which you are booking as income, which is interesting because since you are rated BBB plus if I 
am not mistaken, if you could pass on some of that you would get a better rating and probably be 
able to borrow at a lower cost? That is number one. Second as regards MSME and housing, in 
affordable housing we have lately observed jump in credit cost almost five times your normal 
home lending rates in terms of default rate and number two the MSME the segment is largely 
unorganized and with other MSME players we have seen stress particularly as GST is rolling out 
and the unorganized players are being pushed to the organized space, so any observations on both 
these, how are you going through this and what has been your experience? 
H.P. Singh: 
So, if I give you an answer to MSME first - see what we are doing in the MSME space, one it is 
all secured technically, so we are not doing anything which is unsecured in the MSME space, 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 10 of 17 
which gives again a breather in terms of our portfolio quality and the collateral, which we 
probably are taking in the segment. Secondly, we are not gunning for technically numbers in this 
thing; we are probably focusing more on quality than on quantity in our space of MSME. We 
have seen impact of GST and all in the unorganized sector, but I think we have seen that in the 
microfinance sector also. So once we have been able to navigate in the microfinance space and 
since we are new entrants across the MSME space and probably will have more bandwidth to 
actually choose our customer who to actually bank with us and do this whole product, so that is 
two. There are a couple of initiatives also we are also trying to do an MSME, which probably I 
will not like to speak on this. I think may be over a certain period of time, I think we will be able 
to unveil and give it to the outside world.  
 
On the housing space affordable housing, yes are right. I think we also read it across the credit 
cost in terms of the portfolio is going up across in this space as well. We are building again our 
niche in a very different segment as such, and so we are building our niche, as I have mentioned 
in my opening call, this is the rural micro-housing segment which we are looking at, where 
technically again the collaterals, the peer pressure, the whole environment is still not as bad as 
what has been there in the normal affordable housing segment. So that is what our niche area is 
going to be and I have reiterated again in several of my conversations with people is that this 
probably the area where a lot of people still have not been able to enter and we have done pilots, 
we have done complete work on this for the last one-and-a-half to two years with Reliance 
Capital and we have got huge learning’s on this. So we know that we will be able to built up a 
much better portfolio quality in terms of whatever our peers in the affordable housing space is 
there. This is what I give for the housing spaces there and in fact I think the third question, can 
you just repeat it again, I think we will not able to get that correctly on the PSL something. 
Ramesh Rachuri: 
No, the third question I was basically looking at your IT capex, is it over and are you seamless 
from end-to-end tablet to your central processing? 
H.P. Singh: 
I will just leave you with one possible thing across over here that our IT system, which has been 
developed in-house, in fact if you look at the capex which we have would have spend by doing 
an in-house as compared to whatever we were trying to do the out-house with an agency across 
over there building up a software. We have been able to actually lesser our cost by at least about 
Rs. 30 to 40 Crores, so that is number one. Secondly, I think from where we look at it, it is an 
end-to-end solution which we have built up and we probably the only ones I think, and to 
whosoever we have shown our dashboards and across over there, we are live every two minutes 
in terms of our collections, in which I think we are probably one of the first in the MFI space. 
And we are taking these learnings to our MSME, our Taraashna BC book, we are taking this to 
our housing across over there. So we will technically be far more deepened into the way we are 
bringing in technology for our company. So I think we have probably done a huge, huge job in 
the technology space and we can look at much better things coming up in the future also. 
Ramesh Rachuri: 
Thank you. 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Premchandani from UTI Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Premchandani: 
Good evening Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just have a question on the Capital First tie 
up and the Capital First is under agreement with the IDFC bank to merge, how does it impact the 
tie up with Satin going forward? 
H.P. Singh: 
I think up till now whatever feelers we have got from Capital First and I think Capital First would 
be the right guys to really answer that, but if I can answer on their behalf and I do not get sloshed 
by anyone from the Capital First side. The indicators and the feelers, which we have got from 
them they are more interested now to take this journey on a bigger platform across over here and 
that is the only thing which we have been able to get at. And in fact our exercise with them on the 
pilot and everything is going along still over there, there has been no stoppage on that and 
hopefully, I think this will form a bigger tie up then than what it was earlier. I think I could 
probably just leave it at this right now. 
Amit Premchandani: 
Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gautam Jain from GCG Financial. Please go ahead. 
Gautam Jain: 
Mr. Singh, congratulations for very good numbers. I have couple of questions, one is as loan 
book guidance was Rs. 5,500 Crores, is that intact? I joined the call a little late. Sorry if the 
question is repeated? 
H.P. Singh: 
Guidance we have Rs. 5,500 Crores for March 2018, yes. 
Gautam Jain: 
And the margins for this quarter sequentially down a bit, so what was the reason behind it even 
after raising some capital, the margin was down? 
Jugal Kataria: 
Those are let us say quarterly number and we broadly working on 9.75% margin. And then there 
was some delay in the collection in the past and also even in this quarter, and we are collecting 
only 98% of the amount on the new portfolio. A combination of all these factors is temporarily 
impacting the margin, but as we are moving along the collections are improving.  We have priced 
our product with 9.75% margin, and the processing that we are getting, so we will start getting 
those kind of numbers going forward. 
Gautam Jain: 
So, collection efficiency on new launch, which are disbursed post January 1, 2018, our overall 
collection efficiency is 98%, which is the same as it was in Q2, other competitors have more than 
99.5%, so are we seeing some improvements on 98% going forward or can you give some 
guidance on that 98% collection efficiency can be improved from here or we should assume that 
there would be 2% credit cost going forward? 
H.P. Singh: 
I think we will improve from here definitely, that is what it is. So this is just the start, after we 
disbursed. And as I told you I think the baseline has to be understood, that we still have the top 
five state of ours which comprise 75% of our portfolio, which are the impacted states. And we 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 12 of 17 
are disbursing again and those states across over there. And probably if you give us that benefit 
across that we have still been able to match so there is a difference of 98% and 99.5%, my own 
sense is I think if you really ask me personally, I was hoping for something less than that, but it 
has given us a huge confidence that even in spite of the fact that new disbursal post-demand start 
in January we have still been able to nurture up to 98%. Our endeavor definitely is to come up to 
level where it will be definitely be much more than that. This is for sure, but it is a process driven 
thing it will take some while before we are able to do that, but definitely we will probably be able 
to achieve it. 
Gautam Jain: 
Can you provide some guidance of credit cost for next full year FY2019, may be in the range? 
H.P. Singh: 
If I give you my own and the team’s this thing across crosses over there it will remain within that 
range of 1% or so, not more than that. 
Gautam Jain: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is over the next two to three 
years you have MF book and now you are going aggressive on non-MF book as well, so how do 
you see that mix changing over the next two to three years? 
H.P. Singh: 
I will give you a horizon for the next five years that is what we have built into our whole exercise 
of looking at how does non-microfinance and how does microfinance look at, so based on our 
calculations across over there I can give you just a fair assessment that in the five years the mix 
will probably be two-third, one third. So two-third would be microfinance and one-third would 
be all other product, which would non- microfinance that is what we are technically looking at it. 
It could be little better than, but this is definitely what we are trying to achieve in the next five 
years. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Two-third and one-third. And as a product, can you give some sense that what sort of ROA can 
your non-MF book generate versus your MF book, so some comparison between MF and non-
MF book on ROA front? 
H.P. Singh: 
I think if you really ask me for the non-microfinance, I think it is slightly early to probably 
project that, but our own sense is if you look at may be on a consolidated basis we are trying to 
achieve may be 3% ROA in the coming future as such. 
Deepak Poddar: 
3% ROA may be next one to two years is what you are saying? 
H.P. Singh: 
Absolutely. 
Deepak Poddar: 
That is it from side. Thank you. 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijeet S. from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet S.: 
Good evening, Sir. First one is the observation on your line base in the microfinance business, so 
it appears that it has more or less been stable over the last nine months at around 2 to 3 billion 
just wanted to get some sense there would be some movement in terms of the older ones going 
off and acquisition of new one, so has that changed over the last nine months? 
H.P. Singh: 
So, what we have done in our impacted territories is that in certain pockets we are not looking at 
newer clients, we are servicing our older and good clients across over there. So that is the reason 
why I think probably the increase has not been in these impacted territories which are our major 
territories and the new state and the new territory which are coming up are doing an increased 
portfolio for there and they are all settling down and negating and coming on to the same level as 
such in terms of this thing. And our loan size is also slightly increased in terms of if you are 
talking about the number of clients that is what you are talking about? 
Moderator: 
Sir, we have lost the line for that person. We take the next question it is from the line of Aalok 
Shah. Please go ahead. 
Aalok Shah: 
Sir, I had a couple of questions. While we have been talking about a Rs. 5,500 Crores AUM for 
FY2018, is there any assessment done for FY2019 and may be Fy2020 as such that is my first 
question and the second one would be more from looking at the state concentration while UP 
portfolio has been coming down, we have done great in-roads into territories like Bihar, West 
Bengal, Assam, Odisha. How do these states look like, and also from the competition point of 
view, how does things shape up here? 
H.P. Singh: 
Aalok, I think if we look at the overall FY2019 and FY2020, I think the overall, I do not want to 
give a guidance, but I think we are looking at a growth of about at least about 35% to 40% 
overall in 2019 and then 2020 from where we look at this or may be a 40% growth is what we are 
looking at in terms of our AUM if you go forward. In terms of our concentration in the state UP , 
yes has come down. Our ultimate thought process is that we would not like to have any state go 
beyond may be 18% or so. Our benchmark we are keeping it as that no state goes beyond 17% to 
18% in any possible form, and that is the reason why we have been able to open up and scale up 
in states like West Bengal, Assam and Odisha and a couple of other places. We are looking at 
opening up two more states in the next financial year as such and so that is what our thought 
process is. So definitely if you look at the mix around coming up this is how it is ultimately going 
to pan out to be. And in terms of competition I think our sense is that nobody has the heart now 
to do disbursement in UP excepting us, so we stand tall across over there and if I really want to 
do a work across in UP we can still do it, but that is what our sense is. 
Aalok Shah: 
Sir, may be just continuation to your answer the growth of 35% to 40%, so what will be the level 
of Tier 1 that we will be comfortable beyond which you would actually go out for some kind of 
new equity. I mean the capital that we have is definitely sufficient enough for at least six to eight 
quarters, but any Tier 1 number or so considering the rating agencies thought process on the 
multiple factors that keep on arguing with us? 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 14 of 17 
H.P. Singh: 
I think the rating agencies and us have different angles when you really look at, so we are always 
as a financial services company for the last 27 years we have always work on lower Tier 1s and 
across over that, because the leverage is the most important factor in financial services. That is 
what I have learned in my life, but anyway we are looking at what the peers and the rating 
agencies and looking at other stakeholders in the environment, our own sense is that I think if we 
look at 40% growth rate and along with the profitability figures coming in across over there, I 
think we are fully set to at least a register 35% to 40% growth in the next one year or so. We will 
see how it pans out to be and if we think we are we able to achieve much more than that 
definitely and if it needs may be a capital raise one year from now we will definitely look at it, 
but our own sense is that we are good to go for the next at least four to six quarters. 
Aalok Shah: 
Sir, second part of my question was, you talked about moving into two new states, the kind of 
majorly focused on Central and North India and now to the northeast. Are we kind really looking 
at South India for now that still going to be some time away? 
H.P. Singh: 
Earlier than long enough. I think we will probably look at may be couple of that states also and 
cherry pick out from there. 
Aalok Shah: 
That is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Jeevananth Manivasagan. Please go 
ahead. 
J. Manivasagan: 
Good evening and congratulation for the good set of numbers, Sir. There has been no dividend 
from the company since listing, anything regarding dividend policy? 
H.P. Singh: 
Dividend? 
J. Manivasagan: 
Dividend policy. 
H.P. Singh: 
I think I have not heard of dividend for the last so many years across my life and all whatever 
you generate is all for growth, growth, growth because everybody loves that. So my only sense is 
that for dividend we are still far away from that life. Let us see when we are able to do that. 
J. Manivasagan: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from the line of Kashyap Jhaveri from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Continuing with Aalok’s question on this geographical 
diversification, what gives us so much comfort on some of the states, which we entered just in 
about FY2016 – FY2017, and we have seen dramatic growth like in Assam, West Bengal to 
some extent if I look at on quarter-on-quarter basis even something like Bihar has grown quite 
dramatically 14%. So this eastern and northeast state, what is the comfort that we drive in this 
portfolio, that is one. And question number two is that the run down, not run down, but the 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 15 of 17 
reduction in proportion of UP portfolio is quite commendable in one looks at slightly longer 
term, but even the recent past or recent experience have not been that great in demonetisation that 
is still like about 34.5% portfolio in December 2016 versus just about 34.7% in December 2017, 
so if I look at quite near term it has not gone anywhere actually? 
H.P. Singh: 
Please understand what UP consists of. If you really ask if you go by micrometers, the 
penetration levels are still so low in UP that 34%, whatever it is does not do justice to the type of 
demand which you have in UP. It is only because the environment talks about it and I think the 
external stakeholders, rating agencies, everybody. My own sense is maybe I am more of a 
conventional person to really look at, but in terms of demand there is absolutely no way that you 
can match up the demand which is there in UP. Having said, that I think it is more to do with not 
really that we are at the same plateau 34.7%, 34.7%. We increased to 38% also across over here 
and if we talk of figures of a couple of our competitors, some of them have 40% to 50% in one 
state and there is probably someone who works only on four states and they have 100% portfolio 
across over there. So it is not that. We can do far more in terms of our numbers, profitability 
across the states remain in UP and they get into a large portfolio of us, but ultimately 
geographical concentration definitely goes for a toss across over here. So I think for us we will be 
able to do far more justice once we are there completely pan India, when we take up southern 
states also across over there. We will do more justice in terms of a higher AUM where we will be 
able to bring down the percentage across over there. So in terms of numbers, I think it still be the 
same, but in terms of percentages, it will definitely go down, so that is what we are looking at. 
East, I can only give one answer, somebody who has worked in north and central, as a team if we 
have been able to negotiate UP and all this, then east not too much of a problem for us. So for us 
our learnings across in UP and everything hold us in good stead to do much better than anyone 
else in these territories, so that is only the reason why we are doing diversification. That is the 
only answer, which we have. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
Thank you very Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Firstly Sir on 
the opex part, so this quarter we have actually seen a bit escalation in the opex expenses, the 
employees expenses and the administrative expenses. So anything to read out there? I am sure we 
have added about 48 branches, so apart from that anything else? 
Jugal Kataria: 
No, primarily same, we have recruited almost 1100 people in the system, opened 48 new 
branches so just preparing us for growth for next year and all. So there is a slight increase 
temporarily, but as these branches will take much better shape and the portfolio will grow, the 
opex will be corrected. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Because even if I see administrative expenses on Q-o-Q basis up about 25%, so nothing specific 
right of that? 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Jugal Kataria: 
Nothing specific more number of branches, regional officers and the staff are the major 
contribute of increase in opex, but as we further start building our portfolio in new branches this 
will even out over a period of time. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure, that is the number one and another thing when I look at your NPA portfolio of about 
3.74%, which is about Rs. 150 odd Crores, so what is the sort of recoverability out there going 
forward in probably the next quarter and probably the next few quarters would appreciate that? 
H.P. Singh: 
Gaurav, I think as I told earlier I think this is now the hard one which is left. So, we are trying all 
our level best and I have probably in terms of, I will not like to hazard a guess, but own sense is 
that we are doing whatever we can possibly to bring this down to a level we are okay to say fine, 
demonetisation is done and dusted. But you will have to give us may be a couple of more 
quarters to bring it down and I think we are working on it. What figures will eventually emanate 
from here, I think it will be a happy figure. I think it would be something which could probably 
do this. We have been able to do it last two quarters, I think we will be able to do it in the further 
quarter as such. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure, I appreciate that. If I had to put it on another way, so we clocked about Rs. 60 to 70 Crores 
of recoveries in this quarter, so can we expect this trend in the next quarter? 
H.P. Singh: 
I would not hazard a guess right now. We are working on it, to be very honest. And as I told you 
this would need probably far more time for us to battle it out, but we will definitely do that. The 
team is fully confident to navigate this and I think they are well prepared to do this. Let us wait 
how we are able to do it. We have done an extra provisioning in December also to just to look at 
things from here. It will take some more time before we are able to finally finish off this last 150 
Crores. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Last question probably a bit qualitative one out here, so just wanted to understand in terms of 
customer behavior. So typically most of the MFIs are concentrated or focused in the west or the 
south. So as a player, how do you differentiate between customer behavior say for example in the 
west or the south region is compared to north or east? 
H.P. Singh: 
So, we have very limited presence Gaurav in west and no presence in south, so I think for us if 
we look at demonetisation then I think probably north and central were far more impacted that 
anything. So if we pick up a state, it think it was only Karnataka to a certain extent which was 
impacted, but otherwise besides that I think only Maharashtra that too certain pockets were 
impacted. So I really will not have an answer on to that, but our own sense is that the only thing, 
which is positive on our side is that since we have been able to bear of brunt of completely this 
event we will be probably far more better version to navigate any kind of geography now 
probably to look at it. I think if you really look at it, west and south would be probably far more 
easier for us if you really look at it from that standpoint. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure, I appreciate that. Thank you so much. 

 
 
           Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
February 14, 2018 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Sir, only one request last time you had shared state wise collection efficiency trend, so could you 
put that information on the domain for this quarterly performance, how the performance across 
the states? 
H.P. Singh: 
I think we can probably look at it and see how we can. 
Jugal Kataria: 
Overall trends are positive and broadly in line with this, so we thought that will be repetitive. But 
broadly in all the sates we are giving the trends, it is either constant or improving in all the states. 
H.P. Singh: 
If you want it specifically I think we can probably look at it specifically. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Sire Sir, the only thing I need to understand is from Q2 to Q3, any of the states where we see the 
collection efficiency trending down or top six states? 
H.P. Singh: 
No, I can give you that there is no trending down for any states at all. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference to Mr. Aalok Shah for his closing 
comments. Over to you Sir! 
Aalok Shah: 
Thank you so much for your commentaries. On behalf of Centrum Broking, we thank you all for 
joining on the call. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of Centrum Broking Limited that concludes 
the conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. 
