Kevp 
February 21, 2018 
To 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Scrip Code: 539450 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
To 
The Manager 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
Sub: Submission of transcript of conference call under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we hereby submit transcript of Q3 & 9M FY18 Earnings conference call for investors and analysts 
organized by the Company on Wednesday, January 17, 2018 at 12.00 Noon IST. 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
Deepti Chandratre 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Enclose& As above 
S H Kelkar And Company Limited 
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai - 400 080. Tel : +91 22 2167 7777 
Regd. Office : Devkaran Mansion, 36, Mangaldas Road, Mumbai - 400 002. (INDIA) 
Phone : (022) 2206 96 09 & 2201 91 30 / Fax : (022) 2208 12 04 
www.keva.co.in  
CIN No. L74999MH1955PLC009593 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY18 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 17, 2018 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to S H Kelkar and Company 
Limited’s Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari 
from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Poojari. 
Anoop Poojari 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on SH Kelkar and Company 
Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY18 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Kedar 
Vaze – Whole-time Director and CEO; Mr. Ratul Bhaduri – Executive VP and Group 
CFO, and Mr. Shrikant Mate – VP (Strategy) of the Company. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the Management following which 
we will have the forum opened for a question-and-answer session. Before we start, 
I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be forward-
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the Earnings 
Presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make his opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze 
Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us to discuss the operating 
and financial results for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2017. I 
will begin by taking you through the Operational and Financial Highlights of the 
quarter. And we will then look forward to taking your questions and suggestions. 
Firstly, I am pleased to share with you that we have reported a strong operational 
and financial performance during the period under review. This was on back of our 
healthy business momentum and enhanced volumes registered in our fragrance 
division. As per expectation, market sentiments in the FMCG space have shown 
strong recovery and we are now seeing normalized demand as most GST related 
issues have been settled.  
On a consolidated basis, our total revenue for operations in Q3 FY18 was the 
highest ever quarter for us at Rs. 282 crore, up 22% year-on-year. Further, our 
domestic revenues grew by 29% during the quarter. In the nine months FY18 
revenues were stable at Rs. 737 crore, so quarterly performance has assisted us to 
recover from our subdued performance in the first half of the year. We expect 
business momentum to remain steady in quarter four which would further enable us 
to close the year on a healthy note. 
On the profitability front, EBITDA during the quarter improved by 41% at Rs. 58 
crore with margins at 20.5%. Gross margins were impacted owing to certain raw 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
material disruption in the global fragrance and flavor industry. However, our 
inventory management strategy has helped us sustain supplies and meet demands 
of our long-term customers. Profit before exceptional items and tax during the 
quarter stood at Rs. 52 crore, higher by 42%. In the third quarter we had an 
exceptional line item of Rs. 10.1 crore of expense which is one-time expense 
towards the operational reorganization of PFW in Netherlands. This has impacted 
the PAT to the extent of Rs. 7.5 crore. Adjusted for this one-off, our recurring PAT 
improved to Rs. 34 crore, up 33% year-on-year and our nine months FY18 EBITDA 
stood at Rs. 141 crore with margins at 18.9%. Gross margins also marked a healthy 
improvement in line with better sales mix, PAT and adjusted for one-time expense 
was higher by 3% to Rs. 79 crore despite the weak first half.  
Coming to the segmental performance, Fragrance division delivered a very strong 
performance during the quarter, registering a revenue growth of 26% and an 
operating profit growth of 33%. The division also saw a robust pickup on a 
sequential basis. During 9M FY18, domestic revenue performance in the division 
was stable while overseas revenues grew by 3%. Healthy market share gains in the 
domestic and international markets primarily aided growth during the period. The 
operating profit came in higher by 5% at Rs. 107 crore. 
Our flavors division reported a stable revenue performance during the period under 
review. Domestic segment grew 10% while overseas business reported de-growth 
of 12% during the nine months FY18. International sales were lower owing to 
weaker demand in export markets, especially due to challenging geopolitical 
environment in Middle East, the operating profits were lower at Rs. 17 crore.  
Coming to one of the major developments, we are excited to announce the 
acquisition of Creative Flavors & Fragrances, which is one of the leading fragrance 
companies in Italy. The company has a strong product portfolio in fine fragrances 
and particularly in the fabric care segment with solid global and regional client 
relationships. The acquisition represents a value accretive and synergistic 
opportunity for us. We believe this along with our Fine Fragrance Creation Studio in 
Amsterdam will strengthen our strategy to expand our presence and product 
offerings, primarily in the focused growth areas of fine fragrance, beauty products 
and fabric care. In combination with our Tanishka acquisition partnership, this gives 
us a very strong platform for fabric care development going forward.  
Let me share some details of this acquisition. We will be acquiring 100% of the 
company’s share capital within the next two to three years, of which 51% of the 
share capital has been acquired upfront for €12 million consideration. In calendar 
year 2016, CFF reported €13.4 million of revenue from its core fragrance business 
and the margin profile of this company is similar to SHK Fragrance division. This is 
an earnings accretive acquisition and we have largely funded it through internal 
accruals. Further the future investment of the remaining 49% stake will be spread 
across a span of three years and will be solely based on the underlying company's 
performance in the next three years.  
I am also happy to share with you a positive development on our newly established 
Fine Fragrance Center in Amsterdam where we have launched our first collection of 
fragrances from this center. We are receiving a very healthy initial response from 
prospective customers. In total, with the CFF and the Amsterdam Center, we have 
now a strong base in Europe with which we look forward to improving traction in the 
premium fine fragrance category.  
To conclude, we continue to execute many of our client business initiatives such as 
enhancing 
our 
product 
portfolio, 
improving 
operational 
efficiencies 
and 
strengthening R&D, capitalize on the large growth opportunities we have at hand. 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
We remain confident of sustaining or outperforming FMCG sector growth rate for 
years to come on the back of our leadership position in unique Fragrance and 
Flavor industry.  
With this I now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions or 
suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Niket Shah from Motilal Oswal 
Securities.  
Niket Shah 
First question was on the ingredient part of the business which we have in 
Netherlands and which we obviously had a plan to take a decision on that factory 
whether we want to shut it down and bring it to Vapi. So if you can provide any 
update on that? 
Kedar Vaze 
If you look at the results we have provided for substantial reduction in the cost in 
Netherlands with two of the three plant lines being reduced in coming future. We 
have also invested in a facility in Mahad though the acquisition of VNCC where we 
will invest to relocate some of the production from Netherlands.  
Niket Shah 
And when will that commission? 
Kedar Vaze 
We expect it to commission during this calendar year towards the second half of 
FY18-19.  
Niket Shah 
So, is it safe to assume that at least the ingredient part of the business which used 
to be a little bit of a drag will no more be a drag, and obviously with your facilities 
moving to India with your focus to manufacture large batch size ingredient business 
and kind of looking at outsourcing the smaller size, the margins in the ingredient 
business should move up substantially? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, we do not track ingredient business separately because there is a large portion 
of in-house consumption of the ingredients, so it is very difficult to ascertain 
ingredient business on a standalone basis. But on your comment on the cost 
optimization post the Netherlands operations streamlining, we will look at 
somewhere between Rs.10 crore to Rs.12 crore of cost saving in the entire 
organization.  
Niket Shah 
Sure. My second question was, in the press you have mentioned about 12 
molecules that you are working, and you have filed for 10 patents. If you can give 
us some sense on when you are likely to see some commercialization and what 
kind of scalability some of these molecules can bring on table? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think the molecules are key differentiators and uniqueness platform for our 
creations, fragrance and flavors. The molecules themselves are not being sold they 
are used internally. So we have already commercialized as we had announced last 
year or last quarter two molecules which are now in commercial use and we had 
already started developing additional two molecules which had already been used. 
So, the important thing is that we have a strong pipeline of two to three molecules 
per year which we will be introducing in our pallet. Consumers and flavors 
development team can continue to use these molecules on a regular basis going 
forward. Our original investment in the new molecule started way back in 2008 - 
2009, we are eight years down the line and first patents which were filed in 2010, 
2011, 2012 and toxicology regulations are all been done. It was a good milestone in 
November 2015 when our first patented molecule had a US patent granted and 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
which has now been used commercially. And we will continue to do that going 
forward with every year two to three molecules being introduced and now it is a 
regular pipeline for us as a company.  
Niket Shah 
And final question on the acquisition of Creative, if you could just throw some light 
on the synergies that you would obviously have, because if you look at SH Kelkar, it 
has a significant amount of integration with your ingredient business, obviously you 
do procure ingredients from outside as well, but does Creative also have that kind 
of ingredient business, if not then will there be synergies with it? 
Kedar Vaze 
Creative is clearly a fragrance and flavor manufacturer which does not have any 
ingredient business. If you look at Creative, large part of its business is in Italy and 
the Middle East. In the Italian market, as part of European Union if you look at per 
capita and nature of business it is the country with lower per capita than for 
example Netherlands or Germany. And in that sense the product range which the 
CFF makes, particularly on the fabric softener and detergent range, our products 
are the premium products in emerging markets. So, we will carry a direct library of 
premium fabric softener and fabric detergent powder or liquid detergent fragrances 
developed for Italian market which we can use in India, Indonesia and Middle East. 
In addition, we have built the technology for encapsulation of fragrances for fabric 
use and we are going to sell that technology in Italian and European markets using 
this platform.  
Niket Shah 
And on profitability, any synergy that you see on profitability improving? 
Kedar Vaze 
Before profitability, because of the Italian acquisition and our own investments in 
Amsterdam now, we are at the cutting edge of premium fine fragrances 
development. So we have now the tools between Milan and Amsterdam which are 
fashion capitals. And the access to the premium ingredients as well as the sources 
from people point of view who make all the specific requirements of premium fine 
fragrances on a global basis. So that is as far as the synergies on the development 
side. In addition, we will definitely have cost synergies on procurement and 
purchasing and quality systems and regulatory costs which we can apportion to 
both the businesses together.  
Moderator 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jignesh Makwana from Asian 
Market Securities.  
Jignesh Makwana 
Just have a question on Creative acquisition, do they have a manufacturing facility 
and are we going to shift that manufacturing facility in India in the near future? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, CFF has a manufacturing facility in Italy that will continue in Italy, we have no 
immediate plans to move it to India. Typically, fragrances business requires very 
short lead time and you are able to respond to the market demand. Having facility in 
each market helps us to react quickly to the market demand. However, it is early 
days for CFF in terms of synergy and product mix. So if there are products which 
can be manufactured in one location and sold in various parts of the world, we will 
optimize the operations going forward. But as of now, there are no plans to optimize 
or change any production, scheduling of production plan in CFF, it will run as 
standalone operations in European market.  
Jignesh Makwana 
Okay. And in terms of sales mix, if you could provide me the Creative's mix 
between fragrance and flavor? 
Kedar Vaze 
It is largely 95% fragrance. 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Jignesh Makwana 
Okay. And you have mentioned, there was some short-term disruption in raw 
material front, can you please elaborate it? 
Kedar Vaze 
In the period between September, October and early part of November there were 
various feedstock supply chain disruptions, obviously in China there was a major 
crack-down on environmental factors and environmental clean-up because of which 
many of the chemical plants were asked to shut down or were closed for operations 
for three to four weeks’ period. There was a large impact due to the storms in 
Florida which resulted in shut-down of plants in Florida affecting our supply chain. 
And to top it all, there was a large fire in a plant in Germany in BASF; this forced 
them to declare a force majeure. To give a context, BASF is roughly 20% to 25% of 
volume of industry's raw material purchase. So when such a large volume of 
product becomes unavailable there are huge disruptions in the market place as far 
as ingredient supplies are concerned.  
Jignesh Makwana 
Okay. And when can we expect normalcy? 
Kedar Vaze 
For us, just to complete the picture, we have no supply disruption to our customers 
or to our supply chain, we have sufficient stock inventory. And our inventory 
planning has enabled us to maintain continuity of supply without disruption. On the 
normalization, there is a period, we will have to wait and see what actually plays out 
when the plants recover or restart. But I would imagine by third quarter of the 
calendar year which is second quarter of the next financial year, things will be more 
in line with normal trajectory. We will be in a good position during this period as we 
have inventory in hand, with that inventory we will be able to supply uninterruptedly 
to our customers throughout this period.  
Jignesh Makwana 
Okay. And just wanted to understand on flavors side, our margin has been very 
volatile over the last few quarters, so when can we expect normalcy in the flavors 
margin? 
Kedar Vaze 
Flavor margin has been very much affected by the orange oil prices going up and 
hence, some of the business on the orange flavor we have curtailed as the margins 
are too low. So you see as partly revenue loss in this quarter also on the flavor 
which is to do with the same phenomenon of orange oil prices and margins below a 
certain level. So this will happen much more in flavors because we have a 
concentrated portfolio as compared to fragrances. But the overall 21% - 22% 
EBITDA level is what we are managing on an average long-term basis. Last year 
third quarter was a very good quarter in terms of the margins, we had almost 30% 
EBITDA, but that was also including one-off raw material benefits. This quarter this 
year there are one-off raw material losses, so if you compare like-for-like it looks 
like avery big swing. But we are maintaining our average of 22% - 23% EBITDA 
level in flavors.  
Jignesh Makwana 
Okay. But do we have a pass-through in flavor segment or fragrance segment, raw 
material inflation pass-through? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, I have mentioned this numerous times and just to reiterate, we have six 
months to one year contracts with our customers and we update the prices as and 
when there are major cost increases or situations where we plan to increase prices. 
The raw material scenario we try and make it average of the previous six months 
and then negotiate and discus with the customers.  
Jignesh Makwana 
Lastly on the Creative fragrance, how has been the performance over the last five 
years for Creative? 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Kedar Vaze 
I have data for the last three years in specific detail, it is in terms of INR about 10% 
or 11% CAGR growth and margins of the business have been around 20% EBITDA 
level. It is very similar business in terms of the nature of business as our own 
domestic fragrance business. We have many diversified large number of smaller or 
mid-size of private label customers, it is not dependent on any one business for the 
core fragrance business. And it really is a good synergistic acquisition; it will drive 
product development for our emerging market and our premium technology 
products like the new molecules and encapsulation where the market is not yet 
ready in the emerging markets we can use those technologies and those products 
to be sold in European market via the Italian acquisition. This gives us an outlet for 
our premium development and to take their development as ready library for our 
markets.  
Jignesh Makwana 
Okay. So, you said 10% to 11% in INR terms, but what would be growth in constant 
currency for the Creative over last three years? 
Kedar Vaze 
It was 6% growth. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from 
Anived PMS.  
Prakash Kapadia 
On the demand side what is happening on the domestic side of the business, if you 
can share some thoughts on which segments or sub-segments are growing, which 
are not growing, any key client addition on the fragrance business for us? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think particularly on domestic fragrance business, we have pretty much all the 
clients, all the large FMCG or key FMCG players are clients of ours. There is no 
new addition in terms of clients, but we have obviously new products added to the 
client portfolio on a continuous basis. What has happened is as we talked about it 
last time, a lot of the new product developments or the new approvals did not get 
launched in the period of last three quarters owing to various macro-economic 
factors like demonetization and impact of GST, a lot of companies deferred 
launching of new products. Now, all of the products which are approved and ready 
for launch are all seeing the light at the end of the tunnel and this quarter we have 
seen robust demand across all sectors, all the key customers have continued to 
grow their existing products as well as introduced new products. And on a long-term 
trend, we have been looking at a 15% CAGR growth year-on-year. Barring the last 
two or three quarters which was disturbed because of other reasons, I think the 
underlying growth is intact. So I do not see any structural change, in fact it is back 
to normal. 
Prakash Kapadia 
This momentum is here to stay and it should continue? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, this is the new normal. I don’t think this is an abnormal quarter, it should have 
been this quarter anyway and we had abnormally low quarters in the past.  
Prakash Kapadia 
On the distribution side, if you could share some insights, how are smaller 
distributors, stockists, is the GST part of disruption all done, are they part of the 
ecosystem, value chain, have they all adapted? 
Kedar Vaze 
As far as distributors of our products they have all adapted on immediate basis so 
they had no real hiccups on GST. But I understand that the FMCG where there is 
large number of chains - wholesaler, retailer and so on and so forth - had more time 
to adjust. And purely based on the demand and the manner in which business is 
restored these things would have been sorted out and I would say it is business as 
usual plus because the demand is stronger than what it would have been in a 
normal scenario.  

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Prakash Kapadia 
And on the PFW aroma, any other costs which are still to be provided or are we 
done with Rs. 10 crore ? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, as far as the accounting standards, this is on accrual basis, so the entire Rs. 10 
crore is not paid in this quarter, it will be paid over remaining period till it is 
operating. But the costs are all provided for when the decision has been taken. So 
we have provided total cost of relocation and redundancy upfront.  
Prakash Kapadia 
Okay, so that is the total cost. And lastly, if I look at nine months numbers year-to-
date, and if I look at EBITDA or pre-exceptional profit, or be the Rs.10 crore hit that 
we have taken in the P&L, there has been a 3% - 3.5% kind of growth of Rs.122 
crore as compared to Rs.118 crore. So, as we move forward towards FY19 this 
EBITDA in pre-exceptional profit should grow in line with sales growth, is that fair to 
assume for FY19 and onwards? And any impact we are seeing on rising crude 
prices? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, I think the rising crude prices and raw material cost increases are something 
which are exceptionally high, as I mentioned earlier in this quarter. We are talking 
and already in discussion with our customers. We will continue to be in contact and 
buffer to try and make as best possible win-win situation out of this. But for the 
revenue and margin basis we should not look at the nine months as an indication 
for the future because the first half of the year was subdued than normal. I would 
say that this quarter is a better indication of things to come.  
Prakash Kapadia 
Okay. So, at least going forward we would expect the longer-term aspiration which 
you have always been talking of, sustainable 15% kind of growth in terms of sales, 
so that 15% should translate into 15% kind of number.  
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, absolutely. I think where we are in this quarter for example there is no price 
increase or anything, revenue is completely volume gains. So we see that this is a 
very strong demand signal.  
Prakash Kapadia 
If this raw material kind of concern remains, when would we typically think of a price 
hike, will it be in Q4, at the year-end, typically how does pricing change happen for 
us? 
Kedar Vaze 
It happens typically once a year normally in January-December cycle, with the 
exceptional situation which we are witnessing now it may be more than once a year 
if we are faced with force majeure or major inflation on few raw materials we will 
pass it on and we will discuss with our customers how we can enable to have a 
smooth transitioning.  
Prakash Kapadia 
So, have we taken price hikes in January? 
Kedar Vaze 
We have already communicated at various stages of negotiation, but typically it is 
an annual cycle and we probably may do price increase two times this year if the 
inflation remains as it is. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rajesh Kothari from 
AlfAccurate Advisors. 
 Rajesh Kothari 
My first question is, Rs. 10 crore write-offs that we have made, goes under which 
segment in segment reporting? 
Kedar Vaze 
We report it under international fragrance. 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Rajesh Kothari 
So, instead of Rs.39 crore PBIT actually it is Rs.49 crore PBIT? 
Kedar Vaze 
It will be taken in corporate cost and it has been deducted from the total fragrances.  
Rajesh Kothari 
So, it means your PBIT in fragrances is Rs.49 crore if you add back the Rs.10 crore 
one-off expense? 
Kedar Vaze 
That is right.  
Rajesh Kothari 
If I look at PBIT margins on normal basis without this one-time expense then 
fragrance PBIT margins are 19.2% compared to your second quarter which was 
16% and last year it was very low. So I am just trying to understand that in terms of 
the business how do you look at the PBIT margins going forward for both the 
segments, flavors and fragrance? 
Kedar Vaze 
The PBIT also depends on the momentum and the sales revenue of each period, 
because there obviously is a period cost. On the gross margin level, the EBITDA 
level we will continue to do 22% - 23% on both fragrances and flavors.  
Rajesh Kothari 
Okay. And second question is with reference to the new company which you have 
acquired, CFF, was it profitable? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, it had 22% EBITDA for FY16 and we believe it is very similar for FY17, though 
we do not have the audited numbers.  
Rajesh Kothari 
But does it have any major loans kind of things, interest cost and taxes, in the 
sense that at net level what kind of report it is reported? 
Kedar Vaze 
There are no large loans, there is working capital loan of around €4 million - €5 
million, exact number we will get in the audited accounts at end of December. But 
the loans are maximum €5 million or €6 million. Our acquisition has been through 
internal accruals, so there is no additional debt on the CFF acquisition.  
Rajesh Kothari 
So is this the first time you are entering into fabric care segment? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, we are very much present in fabric care, fabric care covers detergent powder, 
detergent liquid, detergent fabric softener. We are already present in this market. 
As these markets are now getting consolidated and the per capita income of these 
markets in emerging market increases we see the first direct correlation of that is in 
terms of quality or premium pricing of the fabric care products. We are now ready to 
bring the library of the Italian acquisition to emerging markets like India and 
Indonesia, we can use these models or these bases, customize them for Indian and 
Indonesian and Middle East markets rather than starting from scratch. 
Rajesh Kothari 
What is the size of fabric care portfolio right now before acquisition? 
Kedar Vaze 
About 10% of our fragrances are in fabric care.  
Rajesh Kothari 
Okay. So, on a three-year basis how do you see this portfolio? 
Kedar Vaze 
We will immediately be able to use their library of fabric care fragrances in our 
markets, so we save a lot of time on development. If you see the result of what is 
happening in the last two, three years and as a result of GST, per capita or 
economy growth, particularly in India and Indonesia, the rate at which the products, 
new products, premium products are getting introduced is much faster than in the 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
past. With this, we already have a ready library for fabric care and home care which 
we can use in our markets. There is a three to four years of research time and that 
is very critical in the market place today.  
Rajesh Kothari 
Okay. Would you like to give any kind of a number you are doing three to five years 
in terms of your total portfolio, how big this can be considering these new 
acquisitions? 
Kedar Vaze 
The number is still the same, we will still do a 15% CAGR. But our ability to win in 
the market place on the new product development is substantially enhanced. If our 
win rate in fabric care was 10% or 15% I think we should be able to do a 25% win 
rate in the next two to three years. It will increase our revenue after that period, 
because this is going into research and output of that will happen two years from 
now. 
Rajesh Kothari 
Okay. And on Netherlands can you give some color in terms of what is the first nine 
months what is the revenue and how deep was EBITDA before this write-off? And 
as you are shifting your production facility do you see Rs.10 crore - Rs.20 crore 
savings, by when will we see this, do you think FY19 we will see Rs.10 crore to 
Rs.12 crore kind of cost savings? 
Kedar Vaze 
Netherlands business is not tracked separately, the legal entity is one, but we have 
a lot of inter-company sale for our products, locations and that is sold via 
Netherlands and from Netherlands to India and back and forth. It is safe to say that 
the entire operations which was in Netherlands has been absorbed in our India 
operation to the extent that was possible. And by the time we have our plant in 
Mahad ready by second half of coming financialyear, we will be able to further 
optimize and streamline our Netherlands operations. Net to net on an annualized 
basis we anticipate between Rs.12 crore and Rs.15 crore of cost savings, and there 
will be some additional cost of warehousing and so on and so forth once we move 
to India. But on a total like-for-like basis, once the entire implementation of the 
reorganization is done, we should save between Rs.10 crore to Rs.12 crore of cost. 
Rajesh Kothari 
So, from October 2018 you are thinking that that will come through, so in FY19 may 
be Rs 5 crore - Rs.7 crore kind of cost savings and balance will be next year? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes. 
Rajesh Kothari 
The balance will be FY20, that is what you mean? 
Kedar Vaze 
See, the full year impact will be Rs. 12-odd crore. 
Rajesh Kothari 
Okay. My last question is, if you look from overall growth perspective in last five 
years, some segments are not growing and therefore overall revenue growth is a bit 
muted considering demonetization and then GST which has its own adverse 
impact. So over next three to five years on a normalized basis while you keep 
mentioning 15% kind of a growth, but if you keep adding acquisitions then why can’t 
we do 20% to 25% compounded growth in revenue terms? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, the part which you mentioned is very relevant, we are looking at 15% CAGR 
growth where we have our own visibility of markets and demand, and what we can 
plan and execute. There will be opportunities for acquisition and we can use them 
to further leapfrog our growth. So the 15% which we talk about on a long-term is not 
based on acquisition strategy, it is based on organic growth strategy.  

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Rajesh Kothari 
Okay. And when you do 15% organic growth and your focus is on new product 
innovation, reducing cost, Netherlands, so on and so forth, do you think your 
EBITDA growth will be little bit faster than your revenue growth? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, that is true. When we look at the EBITDA growth, it should be little bit faster 
than the revenue.  
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Varun Balachandran from 
Catamaran.  
Varun Balachandran  Few follow-on questions linked to what was asked earlier. So one on CFF, you 
mentioned that 95% of the business is in fragrances, could you give a sense of how 
much of that is within fabric and how much is fine fragrances? 
Kedar Vaze 
So about 10% is fine fragrance.  
Varun Balachandran  And fabric would be the rest? 
Kedar Vaze 
35% is fabric and 30% is home care.  
Varun Balachandran  And you mentioned that the library of fabric and other segments is something that 
you can bring to clients in India as well as in Indonesia, etc, how much time do you 
see that process taking and what would it take in terms of say manufacturing or 
other support function to make that happen? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, we have all the manufacturing and support everything in place, this would have 
normally taken us two years to develop in-house, we will catapult and be ready with 
the products much earlier. We are saving on our R&D cost, time, more than cost 
the R&D time because we are starting with ready prototypes, we are bringing 
existing premium models from overseas to emerging markets. 
Varun Balachandran   And in terms of the library of CFF, how many patented molecules or any of those 
sort of things they have? 
Kedar Vaze 
They do not have any ingredient manufacturing or ingredient research. 
Varun Balachandran  And the other question was on the domestic fragrance business, you had earlier 
spoken about the business split in terms of larger clients on one end and then the 
smaller B2C or retail customers on the other side and the regional customers in the 
middle, right, so the ABCDE. Could you give a sense of the growth in this last 
quarter across these different segments? 
Kedar Vaze 
I do not have a specific growth analysis on the ABCDE, however, when we do a 
product level analysis all the products have grown, there is no specific segmental or 
specific directional change. So we do not see any specific kind of regional growing 
faster or larger global growing faster or consumer growing faster, all three of them 
have restored growth to the same level, so we do not see any impact of product mix 
or segmental change in this transition.  
Varun Balachandran  And in terms of growth has the smaller pack resumed growth in terms of they were 
the most impacted by GST, has that recovered as well, the smaller customers? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes. I mean if we had no historical collection of GST, this quarter would have been 
just normal. Two years back if you had asked me this quarter it is as per budget for 
each segment, each area within a (+/- 5%) range, we are on a long-term track.  

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Varun Balachandran  And in terms of hygiene any one-off revenue in this quarter or they are all more 
recurring with typical revenue cycle? 
Kedar Vaze 
Only one-off costs.  
Varun Balachandran  Lastly on the flavors business, year-on-year it looks like for flavors in domestic the 
growth has sort of tapered off, particularly in this quarter. Could you talk a bit about 
that and the traction that we are seeing there as well as may be a bit of the 
distribution? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, it little bit looks like that because of the combined basis. We have orange oil as 
I mentioned where the price increase is very substantial. And we have a product 
mix change where part of the orange oil or orange flavors have been reduced in the 
product mix. So, in that scenario, the overall organic growth is still in excess of 20% 
with attrition of one product where the margins were very slim anyway.  
Varun Balachandran  Okay. So a volume growth of 20%, right? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chanchal Khandelwal from 
Birla Sunlife Insurance.  
Chanchal Khandelwal Most of my questions have been answered, just one thing on the crude impact. If 
you see your past history how has this impacted and what is the time lag in which 
you can take a price increase? And second thing on the acquisition front, which are 
the clients you supply, you must have done your due diligence in terms of supply, 
as in the clients based there is there any client present in India? For example, do 
you supply to Unilever or Procter, any of the global MNCs there? 
Kedar Vaze 
As I mentioned their business model is also very similar to our business model, so 
they are working with regional players largely in Italy and Middle East.  
Chanchal Khandelwal No global MNC clients? 
Kedar Vaze 
No global MNC client in their core fragrance business. As part of their business, 
they also do tolling work for other companies.  
Chanchal Khandelwal And on the crude related thing, margin impact? 
Kedar Vaze 
Crude, normally crude related we have N+2 or N+3 downstream product which are 
used in our industry, so the crude impact is felt only after five or six months. And 
typically, it will be only to the extent of 10% or 12% of the increase. So if there is an 
increase of 50% we will have increase of 10% or 12%. And we have enough time, 
indication, lead indicators on the crude price to pre-emptively go back to the 
customers and negotiate with our vendors to have the best smooth curve on the 
raw material and selling prices. 
Chanchal Khandelwal Sir, last year the domestic flavor business, there has been a big opportunity, what is 
preventing us to scale up, I mean it is a difficult category to crack but if you can just 
highlight what are we doing in terms of flavor? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, we are growing in more than 25% CAGR organic growth, we are doing 
everything that it takes. It is just a matter of time, in the flavor business even like all 
the business which we do there is a one to one lock-in of the brand with the flavor 
or with the fragrance. So it is one-product-at-a-time kind of business, we cannot 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
ramp it up with one product which sells to all the customers, for each customer, it is 
a tailor-made product so we need to go step-by-step. Just to add, we are doing 
double the market growth in the last five years and we will continue to grow our 
market share on flavors in a sustained manner. We are committed to the business, 
we are committing to resources from development and infrastructure for 
manufacturing. So this is ongoing business which we continue to support and grow.  
Chanchal Khandelwal And how much percentage UAE or Middle East for this flavor business? 
Kedar Vaze 
From the flavor business roughly 40% to 45% is exports business in a year. If you 
look at the exports business typically that business is more lumpy, in the sense 
because it is full container, we do not supply month-on-month, in one month we 
may have more supply and in another month we may have less supply as per the 
production scheduling of our clients. So it does not track very well on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. But if you look at annualized 12 months moving average basis, it 
continues to be at 25% CAGR growth even for the exports.  
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chirag Dagli from HDFC 
Mutual Fund.  
Chirag Dagli 
Sir, what explains this 22% sales growth, is this largely volume lead? 
Kedar Vaze 
We have no specific price increase except for a few products, so it is largely volume 
growth.  
Chirag Dagli 
Okay. And you think at least till such time that this low base sort of lasts this 
momentum is sustainable? 
Kedar Vaze 
I would just comment that if you compare quarter three last year that was a 
subdued quarter on account of demonetization, now whether it was subdued by 
extent of 5% or one month, it is very difficult to ascertain. But I would not think that 
this quarter was any exceptional quarter, we have seen normal business restoring 
back to normal. The result of that 22% growth over last year quarter we should 
have seen a 14% - 15% growth on a normal growth basis anyway. Third and fourth 
quarter typically are the strong quarters as new products get introduced and there is 
full ramping up quarter. So third and fourth quarter typically are stronger quarters 
for us and this year is no exception.  
Chirag Dagli 
In the segmental disclosures, for the nine months there is a Rs. 10 crore 
unallocated expenditure which is very large versus last year. If you can give some 
color on what this is about. 
 
Kedar Vaze 
When you are looking at nine months it also includes cost relating to acquisition and 
closure, so a lot of legal consulting and so on and so forth which we cannot take as 
direct cost in the segment, these are corporate costs relating to acquisition plus the 
PFW closure cost which is higher than normal.  
Chirag Dagli 
So the PFW closure cost of about Rs. 10 crore is included in this line item? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, that is separate, that is the actual payment to the employees which can be 
allocated to the individual segment. The related legal, consulting, merger and 
acquisition considering due diligence, number of one-off cost, stamp duties, 
agreement cost, all of the cost related to both the acquisition and the PFW closure 
discussion with the trade unions so on and forth, they are all one-off cost.  

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Chirag Dagli 
So in next quarter will this normalize …? 
Kedar Vaze 
Yes, at Rs.3 crore to Rs. 4 crore a year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nishna Biyani from 
Prabhudas Lilladher.  
Nishna Biyani 
Just wanted to understand the rationale for buying CFF at this point in time and 
what was the reason of that company to be sold? 
Kedar Vaze 
Rationale? 
Nishna Biyani 
The seller, why was he a willing seller and what benchmark you used for buying 
this? 
Kedar Vaze 
In terms of the history of this company, there was an original promoter family in 
which unfortunately the senior generation passed away and this was owned by 
private equity for the last five, seven years. They are private equity or the equity 
holder is the one who is now selling it to us as a sale to a strategic partner. Seven 
or eight years ago the original promoter of this company passed away, an elderly 
gentleman, so they moved hands into a financial investor who was looking to exit.  
Nishna Biyani 
What was the benchmark in terms of valuation? 
Kedar Vaze 
So, there is a strong flavor of an earn-out and a second 49% which is based on the 
performance. But the initial benchmark has been looked at as nine times of 
sustainable recurring EBITDA, which is more or less the average of industry 
standards in the previous years. So that was sort of benchmark. The last one or two 
deals have happened at higher EBITDA multiples, long-term average multiple of 
between eight to nine times EBITDA has been taken as a benchmark.  
Nishna Biyani 
Sure. And if you could let us know when the payout of this Rs. 93 crore happen and 
when shall the numbers get consolidated with the main SHK? 
Kedar Vaze 
So the acquisition happened on the 15th, so 51% has been acquired as we speak. 
We have still to look at the accounting standards from a consolidation because the 
management control remains with the current management. We need to get the 
final audited numbers for March and then discuss with their auditor and our auditor 
in terms of what is the accounting treatment for consolidation. Although we have 
acquired 51%, current management will continue to operate the business for the 
next two or three years till we consolidate 100%. So we are not 100% clear on the 
accounting treatment on when it will get consolidated.  
Nishna Biyani 
Sure. So, just what is the legal opinion in terms of NDAs, does that 51% get share 
of associate or how does that accounting happen? 
Kedar Vaze 
As of now we are treating it as investment and we will account for it as a share of 
profit in this last quarter. And we need to make sure that we have the agreements 
with the management in place to allow us to demonstrate management control. So 
currently it is a 51:49 JV and we will account for it as a JV. Now whether we have 
the management control or not, it will be decided based on the grading of the 
agreement. The intention is that we will take over the entire company in period of 
two to three years, so there will be a transition and management control. Only when 
we will take that management control in accounting terms is something which we 
need to get the clarity with the auditors of both companies.  

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Nishna Biyani 
And sir my last question is in terms of you have been continuously highlighting in 
the past that the business has the potential to grow 15% for the next decade. Just 
wanted to understand what is the risk in your growth thesis, if at all? 
Kedar Vaze 
The demand side I do not see there is a huge amount of risk, we are talking about 3 
billion people in this region with an increasing per capita income. So we see that 
demand materializing in the next decade and more. The opportunities are there, the 
challenges are always to make sure that we make the most of the opportunities. So 
we need to continuously invest in R&D, for example the CFF has given us a library 
on fabric care which is one or two years ahead of the library that we would be 
developing today. So this is leapfrogging us, keeping us aware and ready to take 
maximum growth as it comes up. So this is the kind of investment, kind of research 
and future looking research and development investments which we need to do to 
make sure that we do not lose our market share as the opportunity comes in.  
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Money Mind 
Financial Consultancy.  
Aejas Lakhani 
Sir, my first question is broadly on capital allocation. So in the last two years if you 
look what the management has done is that we have some plans, like Vapi, 
Raigarh or Mumbai which are operating at lower capacity utilizations. So in terms of 
capital allocation, deploying capital to increase operational capacity vis-à-vis buying 
acquisition, what is the broad thought process of the management on that? 
Kedar Vaze 
One thing which the management believes and we need to look at is capacity 
utilization on five years down the line utilization level, because we will continue to 
grow and we need to have at all times capacity ready for future growth. So we will 
invest ahead of the curve keeping capacity ready for the growth. Because in terms 
of emerging markets, we need to have the capacity in hand to build the market. We 
will miss big opportunities if we do not have capacities in hand. Having said that, 
large part of our capacity investments has already come in place. We will now look 
at investments in equipment or operating investments where we have strong return 
on capital invested basis where we can save on cost or increase our revenue 
accordingly. And surplus cash flow, we are always looking, and we will continue to 
keep our strategy of tuck-in or partnering.  
Aejas Lakhani 
Okay. And sir my second question is that if you look at the industry in general, your 
industry players are expanding, the likes of your international guys are increasing 
capacity. And on the other side even the compliance and regulation cost seems to 
be going up. So, on one hand we may have a situation of pricing power challenges 
because of capacity expansion and on the second side we are seeing compliance 
and regulation cost going up. So, will that result in a relatively more squeezed 
margin, obviously adding to the fact that to the point you addressed earlier 
regarding gross margin.  
Kedar Vaze 
The industry is very low capital investment for capacity and it is very low cost on 
regulatory cost of total product. So, both of these factors while they are increasing, 
the base of that is very small, so there will be no net impact on our gross margins 
as a result.  
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Anand Shah from Kotak 
Securities.  
Anand Shah 
Sir just two questions, one, your exports or the overseas business essentially this 
quarter seems to have grown at a brisk pace. So what is driving this and is it 
sustainable or are there any one-offs? And second part, on the domestic fragrance 
side, can you highlight what is your service income? In the past few quarters you 

 Q3 FY2018 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
did highlight post GST you may see some disruption on this servicing part, so any 
change on that? 
Kedar Vaze 
Service income is in line with normal quarter, roughly around 12 crore and there is 
no disruption so far in that business model or in the income. We had highlighted 
that the discussions with customers will happen over the next one or two quarters if 
there is any change in their business model. As of now, there is no change. In 
regards to your second question on international fragrance, if you remember end of 
last year, we had taken a very conservative policy as far as credit risk in 
international markets given what was happening particularly in Africa, Middle East 
and these pockets of markets, geopolitical and currency risk. So, we were very 
cautious in terms of our ability to extend credit beyond a fair basis. We saw a two to 
three quarters of flattish growth because some of the long credit customers needed 
to be convinced on the new policy. And we have seen in this quarter that the growth 
has now started and resumed, and I am very happy and pleased to also inform that 
we have very strong credit policy now in place for international fragrance because 
we had a situation few years ago when few of the doubtful debts hit our 
provisioning. We have been able to grow now on a basis where the credit risk or the 
nature of credit is substantially better, and we are now on the new track where we 
start growing on that platform.  
Anand Shah 
Okay. Any specific markets which are seeing good growth? 
Kedar Vaze 
Indonesia and Middle East, both these markets seem to have recovered.  
Moderator 
Thank you. Well, that seemed to be the last question. I now hand the floor back to 
the management for their closing comments.  
Kedar Vaze 
Thank you. I hope I have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call. 
 
  
- ENDS - 
         
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
