/
Ref: SEC/SE/2017-18
Date: February 5,2018
Scrip Symbol: NSE & MSEI - DABUR, BSE Scrip Code: 500096
To,
Corporate Relation Department
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001
<.^^'.-
^^^ '
^>
9?y^
X
»<
'(
^
^ur
India Ltd.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/l, G Block Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051
Metropolitan Stock Exchange Limited (MSEI)
4A Floor, Vibgyor Towers, Plot No. C-62
G-Block, Opposite Trident Hotel,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra [E), Mumbai - 400098
Sub: Transcript of Investors' Conference Call for Dabur India Limited - 03 FY 2017-18 - Results
Dear Sir(s),
Please find attached the transcript of Investors' Conference Call organized on January 31, 2018 post
declaration of Financial Results for the quarter & nine months ended on December 31, 2017, for your
information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
^
(A
a
V P (Fiance) and Company Secretary
End: as above
A-
DABUR INDIA LIMITED, Punjabi Bhawan, 10, Rouse Avenue, New Delhi-110 002, Tel.: +91 11 42786000 Fax: +91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3, Asaf All Road, New Delhi -110 002 (India)
PAN: AAACD0474C. CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908, Email: corpcomm@dabur.com, Website: www.dabur.com

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Dabur India Limited’s Q3 FY 2017-18 Financial Results 
Investor Conference Call” 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. SUNIL DUGGAL - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. LALIT MALIK - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ASHOK JAIN - VICE PRESIDENT( FINANCE) & COMPANY SECRETARY 
MR. ANKUSH JAIN - HEAD- FINANCIAL PLANNING AND ANALYSIS 
MRS. GAGAN AHLUWALIA - SR. GENERAL MANAGER-CORPORATE AFFAIRS 
 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen. On behalf of the management of Dabur India Limited, I 
welcome you to this Conference Call pertaining to the Results for the Quarter and Nine Months 
ended 31st December 2017.  
We have with us, Mr. Sunil Duggal – Chief Executive Officer, Dabur India Limited; Mr. Lalit 
Malik – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Ashok Jain – Vice President (Finance) & Company Secretary 
and Mr. Ankush Jain – Head (Financial Planning & Analysis).  
We will start the call with an “Overview of the Company’s Performance by Mr. Duggal”, after 
which the “Q&A Session” will open. I now hand over to Mr. Duggal. Thank you. 
Sunil Duggal: 
Thank you, Gagan. Good afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to Dabur India Limited’s 
Conference Call pertaining to the Results for the Quarter and Nine Months 31st December 2017.  
Comparable consolidated constant currency sales growth was 12.9% for the quarter. Domestic 
FMCG business witnessed comparable growth of 17.7%, driven by strong volume growth of 13%. 
Profit after tax reported growth was 13% for consolidated and 16% for standalone business 
respectively.  
The category growth being discussed in this presentation refers to the underlying growth after 
adjusting for GST impact. The Home and Personal care vertical posted growth of 23%, led by all 
around strong performance of all categories. Oral Care grew by 23.2% with growth of 26.1% in 
Toothpaste. Red franchise continued to perform well, driven by increasing penetration, aggressive 
marketing and visibility initiatives. Babool and Meswak posted strong double-digit growths and 
market share in Toothpaste category reflected an increase YoY. 
Hair Oil category registered growth of 16.7% with both Coconut and Perfumed Oil segments 
performing well, despite continued decline in the CSD channel. Excluding CSD, Hair Oil category 
grew by 21%. Perfumed Oil reported growth of 13%, including CSD, and 17.6% excluding CSD. 
Corresponding growth in Coconut Oil was 32.8% and 35.7%. Market share in Hair Oils moved up 
by 90 bps vis-à-vis the same quarter last year. Shampoos posted growth of 56% on the back of re-
launch of Vatika Shampoos. The brand was supported by focused marketing activities and ATL 
spends.  
Home Care posted a strong performance, growing by 36%, backed by high growth momentum in 
Odonil and Sani Fresh brands. Odomos had a muted quarter on account of relatively lower 
incidences of mosquito borne diseases and lower institutional sales. 
Skin Care registered a growth of 14.5% driven by Gulabari Rose Water, which grew in strong 
double-digits. Supply issues hampered growth of Gulabari Cold Cream. Fem and Oxy bleaches 
posted robust high-teens growth.  

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
The Healthcare vertical reported growth of 16.6%. Health supplements grew by 19.5%, led by 
strong performance of Chyawanprash and Honey, slight slowdown in the CSD category. The 
category recorded a healthy 27% growth net of CSD. Dabur Honey recorded growth of 33% 
including CSD and 40% excluding CSD, and also gained market share. Digestive category 
performed well, growing by 19.3%. Hajmola tablets and Pudin Hara reported double-digit growth. 
OTC and Ethical grew by 8.7%. OTC products such as Lal Tail, Honitus, Ashokarishta and 
Dashmularishta parcels posted good growth, backed by marketing initiatives and activation.  
Foods business was flattish during this quarter, nearly on account of high base of last year where 
the business had grown by 52%. In addition, Diwali gift sales got impacted as Diwali came earlier 
and the gift pack loading shifted to Q2 instead of Q3. Although sales growth was muted, profit 
margins in Foods saw good improvements on account of lower consumer promotions and network 
optimization.  
International business reported constant currency growth of 5% during the quarter. Saudi Arabia 
which had been under pressure for the last few quarters witnessed a strong revival with growth of 
34%. Overall, constant currency growth in GCC markets was 20%, Egypt witnessed high growth 
of 45% and sub-Saharan Africa 21%. Transmission impact of Rs. 66 crores impacted top-line. 
However, this impact is reducing as currencies are becoming comparable to last year. SAARC 
business posted good growth, led by Pakistan and Nepal.  
Consolidated operating profits increased by 28% and operating margins expanded from 18% to 
20.5%. If we exclude the GST impact, improvement in operating margins was around 180 basis 
points. A&P spends in the domestic business saw an increase of 31.6% while A&P spends in 
international business were lower due to business environment not being very supportive.  
SG&A expenses reflected some savings on account of cost synergies. PAT reported growth of 
13% because of higher depreciation and lower treasury income. Post the GST implementation the 
channels had seen some disruptions which seems to have stabilized. The implementation of the E-
WayBill mechanism is likely to throw up some more challenges in the future. However, the 
business is on a strong footing with revival in volumes and momentum of brands.  
We will continue to invest strongly in our brands, distribution and other infrastructure to grow 
ahead of the market and enhance shareholder value.  
With this I now open the Q&A and invite your questions. 
 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the Foods business. If you could tell us how is the market share, what has 
been the impact of ITC? And what percentage of Foods business is culinary? And if you could 
discuss the supply issues, what exactly is happening there? 
Sunil Duggal: 
10% of the business is culinary, 90% is beverages, so it is substantially dominated by beverages. 
In terms of competition, the challenges have not really come from the higher price competition 
like ITC but it is very deep discounting by the mid-level players like paper boat, etc, which have 
been able to gain some share on the back of these proportional activities. And also a lot of value 
players emerging in the segment. But keep in mind a very high base of 56% growth or thereabouts 
last year, Foods business was not really materially impacted by demonetization to that extent. And 
also the fact that a lot of the sales come from the Diwali gift packs which this year happened 
substantially in Q2 whereas last year it was Q3, so there is a base issue on that account. Now, 
going forward I think we would see stabilization of beverage volumes, a lot depends upon 
consumption recovery, etc, in urban markets. Definitely we will see growth ahead, we hope it will 
be double-digit growth, but not to be taken as a given. What we will be doing is that we are sitting 
on substantially enhanced margin in the Foods business on a YoY basis, we will be willing to 
sacrifice some of those margin gains to drive the top-line stronger. And we are beginning that 
journey now, results I am sure will come.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, this margin sacrifice strategy, will it help in combating a smaller player like Paper Boat? I 
understand you had launched a product in the category of Paper Boat, I think Hajmola Yoodley so 
how has that done? Do you expect that this will be enough to combat them? 
Sunil Duggal: 
We think so, I think Paper Boat in its new avatar is no longer that single serve format, it is really 
1 liter. And basically, on the same platform is our beverages, so there is no huge difference in 
terms of proposition given by Paper Boat which is the one which is being discounted and what we 
have. So, I think we need to lubricate the trade more, we need to advertise more and there is 
obviously a strong consumer preference for our brands which should translate into business once 
the price levels are a little bit more stable.  
Abneesh Roy: 
And sir the culinary business what was the specific supply issue? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, this is entirely outsourced, we do not make any of the culinary products ourselves, these are 
the vegetable paste, food pastes and coconut milk and powder. All these are outsourced and some 
of our co-packers had working capital issues, consequent to GST other issues.So we were very 
reliant upon them and it was entirely a supply side problem, there was no inherent issue in terms 
of demand.  

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir my second question is on the Toothpaste business, you have grown 26%, two-year CAGR of 
10% which is still a very good growth. You and Patanjali are essentially in the naturals now 
competition scenario is changing with Ayush, which they have called out that in Toothpaste seems 
to have started out well. And even Vedshakti of Colgate has gained around 100 bps market share. 
So, do you need to respond to these and would you say that the worst of Patanjali in this and some 
of the other segments where you compete against Patanjali, seems to be behind? 
Sunil Duggal: 
I do not think there was much of a Patanjali impact on our Oral Care business, we consistently 
grew the Red and the Meswak franchise 20%, 25%. Babool was a bit of a laggard, but then Babool 
also has staged a sharp recovery over the last two quarters. So I do not think that was very material. 
It was very material in honey and I think we have recovered almost entirely the lost ground by just 
giving a better product at a sensible price. So the 33% growth in Honey, 40% if we exclude the 
canteen stores, is the very visible sign of that recovery, and this is two quarters in a row of growth. 
I hope the trajectory will continue. I think the competition effects have been, I would not say 
entirely eliminated, but substantially mitigated.  
Abneesh Roy: 
And any comment on Ayush and Vedshakti, would you need to respond, or you think your product 
is differentiated? 
Sunil Duggal: 
No, I think we have got very strong products with very strong growth paths. Having said that, we 
need to do a little bit more in this category and you will see that happening very early in the next 
year.  
Abneesh Roy: 
And sir, last question from my side. So, in household insecticides we have seen the market leader 
also struggle for the last four, five quarters, you also called that out. So, I have two questions here, 
one is, earlier it was thought that consumer had made this as a habit, now suddenly every company 
is pointing towards seasonality. Second is, of course, in terms of the out-of-home, has the category 
expanded with Godrej coming in there and you have also come out with a roll-on, so how do you 
see this category? Currently it is quite small, but where do you see this from a longer term? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, household insect repellants, mosquito repellents are not really a habit, I think that is wrong 
to say so. When you have mosquitoes visible in the air and they start biting you will start using 
these products, and when there is an epidemic you start using them even more so. But when there 
is no such thing, like in winters in North India then you stop using them and that is a behavior 
which nobody can change. When there is such a situation happening then you will have high usage, 
well, fortunately there was not much evidence of any epidemic, dengue, etc, in the northern part 
of this country, even the south. The overall insecticide table came down and I think the results of 
Godrej reflected the same situation as what we are in. And coming back to your personal 
application category, it is highly underpenetrated, I think total category size will be around Rs. 100 
crores which is ridiculously small, given the sheer size of the problem. So, in a sense, having 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
somebody else come in would serve to enhance consumption and in fact increase market size. So, 
we would welcome that, I think it requires more than just one player to grow this market.  
Percy Panthaki from India Infoline 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi sir, this is Percy here. Sir, on 10th November there was an announcement of GST rate cut in 
some of the categories and it was applicable from 15th November. Most FMCG companies 
obviously cannot change the prices, etc, within a period of five days, most companies have 
staggered the price changes over the next 15 - 20 days. Now the market leader has said that they 
have parked in escrow certain amount which they gained in that change over period and does not 
belong to them. So, what have you done in terms of passing on the benefits of that sort of lower 
rate to the consumer in that 15-20 day’ period it would have taken for you to change the pricing, 
etc? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, what we did is that with immediate effect we reduced the prices to the stockists, That we did 
without any pause. Obviously there would be some stocks where the older price would exist, but 
we have written adequate amount of communication to our stockists as well as heavily advertised 
in the newspapers informing them of the price change and requesting them to pay only the lower 
price. And then the change over which we did also happened very rapidly. So I do not think we 
have any exposure at all, our books are open, anybody can have a look and I think we have taken 
whatever action which was required to deal with this whole anti-profiteering issue.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay So, you are saying that basically for the short period of time that MRPs could not be changed 
the difference was passed on to the distributors as additional discount sort of? 
Sunil Duggal: 
And communicated to the consumer. That is why we do not believe, we did discuss this issue, we 
do not believe there is any need to provision any amount towards any eventuality, our books are 
very open to anybody who wants to scrutinize them.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. So, just wanted to in that context understand your gross margin expansion, I mean 
YoY it has expanded very significantly and even QoQ there is a decent expansion. So, what has 
driven this expansion when generally crude and such inputs are moving up and you also have not 
I think taken any significant price increases? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, it is just standalone material cost change which is 360 bps, right, out of which 70, correct 
me if I am wrong Lalit, 70 bps is entirely on account of the GST related issues which are not really 
material, because your numerator comes down your margins improve, the raw material comes 
down and MRPs improve. So, out of the balance 290, 150 basis points in account of reduction in 
CP and the balance… 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
Lalit Malik: 
Balance is because from the last year there has been 2.4% price increase, so 50% of that roughly, 
1.2% is the effect.  
Sunil Duggal: 
So the balance is mix of price increase and material deflation, and Q3 we are still sitting on small 
level of deflationary costs. So, it is really on account of that, and perhaps a little bit on account of 
mix. Juice has come down…low margins, HPC has gone up high margin, so it is a lot of moving 
parts here. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. So, is this the quarter, I mean, Q3 FY18 is the quarter in which your promotions have gone 
down materially or it has gone down in 2Q itself and just on a YoY basis Q3 has gone down or is 
it gone down even sequentially? 
Sunil Duggal: 
No, we did massive promotions in Q3 which spilt over into Q4 of last year. We realized that that 
is not really the way to go, GST also made consumer promotions less attractive because you had 
to pay full tax on them and not get any credit. So, net, net, it made sense to kill consumer 
promotions and to increase ATL. So ATL went up by 31% and CPs and TPs have gone down by 
similar amounts. So we are rebalancing the entire A&P portfolio, what is visible to you is 
advertisement and publicity which has gone up very substantially.  
Percy Panthaki: 
So, basically you are saying these margins are sort of more or less sustainable, it is not as if it is 
just a flash in the pan? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Inflation remaining the same, yes, but we have every reason to assume that inflation is going to 
pick up starting in the fourth quarter, particularly on account of petroleum derivatives, we are 
seeing sharp increases in LLP, Coconut Oil is already on fire. Coconut oil is of course an outlier, 
big agrarian product which is very, very inflationary. But all the oil derivatives are now kicking in 
with higher costs. So, we will have to deal with that, I think we will see a minor uptick in inflation 
in Q4 and then perhaps more substantive in the quarters ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. And my last question is on demand, sir this quarter numbers are fairly good, but if I look at 
your two-year CAGR for most of the categories it is low to mid-single-digit sales growth, of course 
there are a couple of exceptions like homecare and Toothpaste is also almost 10%, but otherwise 
mostly it is low to mid-single-digit CAGR. So just in view of that underlying demand situation 
your growth aspirations of high single-digit volume growth would mean that the underlying 
demand needs to improve from the current levels quite materially. So, how confident are you sort 
of achieving? 
Sunil Duggal: 
That is one way to look at it. The other way is that you just improve market share. So, even if 
environment which is not supportive of growth, which is the situation today to be very honest, we 
can still show good growth even on a normal base on the back of market share gains. So, the reality 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
of the situation is that there has been a sharp trending down of FMCG growth rates. Just to give 
you a data point, the growth rates peaked in Q1 in terms of volume at 13.9%, of course this 13.9% 
trigger we should take with a pinch of salt, it is obviously much lower than that. But subsequently 
they have trended it down to 8.5% in Q2 and 5.7% in Q3, now these are hard numbers in terms of 
FMCG, our category which we operate are similar. And I think that is something which is of some 
concern. We do hope that subsequent to tomorrow’s budget there would be a sharp reversal of the 
downward trend because this is really a part of the whole rural distress, agrarian distress, etc, and 
we will be able to ride a much higher level of secular growth. And then coupled with market share 
gains we should definitely be able to get to that high single-digit volume trajectory, not to be taken 
as a given but every reason to expect that it can happen. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, sir what will drive this market share expansion? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Better execution largely. What we have done is consequent to, and I have mentioned this in my 
last con-call this Project Buniyad which had which meant we will deploy a substantially higher 
number of people on-ground in rural areas by dividing the portfolio around the middle into the two 
components of HPC and HC.Food is not really material in rural. This has given a big fillip to our 
rural growth. Rural growth this quarter was 23% in a pretty stressed rural environment. So, it is 
really execution and market share gains which will, that is the only thing we can depend upon, we 
cannot depend on category growth reviving, if we keep using that as sort of an excuse to justify 
low growth that is not going to work, so we have to outperform.  
Amit Sinha from Macquarie 
Amit Sinha: 
Sir, my first question is on the Oral Care business and despite a significant step-up from some of 
the large competition in the naturals and the Ayurvedic space your growth has remained pretty 
strong. Just wanted to understand from you that how much of this market share gain has been on 
account of your distribution and some of the distribution steps which you have taken and how 
much of that is coming on account of the Ayurvedic natural trend which is emerging in the 
category? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, hard to say how much, it is obviously coming from both, we are gaining share in the 
aggregate sense and of course the natural space is growing ahead of the non-natural one. The 
competitors other than Patanjali are still very, very small, so I do not think they would really move 
the needle in terms of growth for us. And I think the Patanjali effect which was perhaps at its peak 
around a year ago is now waning a bit, he is still doing well in Toothpaste, I am not denying that, 
but we are now getting back whatever losses we had in some of the markets like UP where he had 
gained some share. We are getting the share back very rapidly.  

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
Amit Sinha: 
Okay. And there has been absolutely no impact on account of big launches from some of the other 
players? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Aggregate to 0.5% - 1% in terms of market share, so I do not think that is a very material level 
where it can upset our growth rates. It is only Patanjali which grew from 0 to something like 7% - 
8% literally in a matter of few quarters that could have had an impact, I think our growth would 
have been even higher if he had not been here. But having said that, he has further in a sense 
expanded the whole herbal base and we can take advantage of it. So, whether it is in honey or 
whether it is in Toothpaste or in personal applicator, insecticides, often the advent of competition 
is very positive for market expansion and growth. And we have seen every evidence of that, 
Patanjali did help us to expand the natural space much beyond what was originally envisaged.  
Amit Sinha: 
Sure. I mean, just wanted your commentary in the longer-term let’s say for the next five to ten 
years where do you see the naturals Ayurvedic space in the Oral Care category to be in the overall 
scheme of things? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, it is hard to guess and I think we keep pushing the numbers northwards. Now I would say 
that let’s say by 2022 the natural space could be as high as 40% to 50% five years from now, 2023. 
So, I would not have said that even a year ago, but definitely the preference for natural products is 
very strong, almost unstoppable. And there is no counter from the folks who are manufacturing 
the regular products, because they can counter it by having high priced specialist products like 
sensitive, etc.But those are beyond the reach of vast majority of people. 
Amit Sinha: 
Sure, sir. Sir, my second question is on the Hair Oil category and if I do a two-year CAGR then 
third quarter FY17 was exceptionally bad for you, the entire hair care. So just wanted your 
commentary on how do you look at these numbers, is it still weak and you have specifically 
mentioned about strong Coconut Oil performance, so what is the price hike taken there and how 
much of the growth is because of volumes? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, it is almost entirely volume growth, except for coconut of course where there has been some 
price increases, but it has been driven really by LUPs. So, I think our volume share growth has 
been very substantial. And going forward I think our volume shares will continue to definitely 
grow ahead of anybody else. The challenge will be to continue to maintain or increase the value 
share that is going to be harder. Let us put it this way, the volume share growths I think we have 
now got our act together in terms of both distribution. It was Project Buniyad that was very 
instrumental in pushing our low-priced Hair Oils in to the deepest interiors and that process will 
continue. But yes, there will be pressure on the top-line in terms of overall growth. 
Arnab Mitra from Credit Suisse 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
Arnab Mitra: 
Firstly, on the international business, so two parts to it. One is, going ahead how much does the 
difference between the constant currency and the reported growth narrow down given your basket 
of currency in your view from the fourth quarter onwards based on whatever is the current 
situation? And secondly, what is the issue in Namaste because of which there is again a big 
negative dip on the CC and how do you see that situation evolve over the next few quarters? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, to answer your first question, we had around a Rs. 90 crores transition loss in Q1, similar in 
Q2. Q3 this quarter which we are talking about is Rs. 66 crores, next quarter we anticipate it will 
be Rs. 25 crores, so that gives you a trajectory. After next quarter, I cannot really hazard a guess 
because there could be shifts which I cannot envisage. So, therefore the currency, and a lot of this 
Rs. 25 crores next quarter is going to be actually on the rupee strength rather than on the 
downstream currency weakness. Out of this Rs. 25 crores around half is going to be from let’s say 
Turkish Lira to Dollar, and half of it is going to be Dollar to Rupee, assuming that the Rupee 
continues to remain at the current levels. So, the overhang of currency is going to be substantially 
if not entirely eliminated by the fourth quarter. That is one big monkey off our back, because this 
was impacting top-line of international. 
And the second big positive is Saudi Arabia which again was literally on oxygen last couple of 
years. We have done major changes in Saudi Arabia, recovered growth substantially, improved by 
30% plus this quarter and we hope that strong growth would continue in Saudi Arabia. So that is 
one big reversal. There have been some setbacks too, Algeria, Libya and Yemen, these three 
countries which cumulatively account for around Rs. 30 crores a quarter they have been almost 
reduced to zero levels because of internal strikes or other issues. But having said that, we do believe 
Algeria and Yemen would come back not to normal but to better than earlier performance in the 
fourth quarter, and then let us see going forward how does it look. 
Sub-Saharan Africa, both for Namaste and Dabur is doing extremely well, so we are doing around 
25% in dollar term- that is a very big plus. Now, Egypt is doing spectacularly well in their own 
currency, but up to this third quarter we lost most of it in translation. So Egypt grew by 46% in 
Egyptian Pounds but -5% in INR, and this is a big market for us. With the Egyptian Pound 
normalizing we should see very strong growth in INR from Egypt coming in Q4. Namaste remains 
an overhang but the pace of deceleration of the business has now come to a halt and I think we 
would be plateauing out at almost zero growth levels in Q4. While that may not be a situation but 
I think the pain of Namaste would now come to an end and we would see how sharp the reversal 
of that business can be in the year ahead. I am not saying it is going to be easy because North 
America will continue to remain stressed. But we are seeing, like I said, a very good growth in 
sub-Saharan Africa which should take away some of the pain of North America. So, that remains 
the only issue.  

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
The other issue that we are facing is currency in Turkey which again is the only currency which 
has not really stabilized and is continuing to weaken. That is going to be a little bit of a headwind 
from Turkey. But overall, if you put all the pieces together, you will see substantially improved 
performance from the overseas business in Q4 and we hope that that will continue in the quarters 
ahead.  
Arnab Mitra: 
Sure, sir. So while clearly the top-line will recover, what is the outlook on margins there because 
there would obviously be input cost? 
Sunil Duggal: 
The margins will mirror the top-line, because one of the issues with regards to currency 
depreciation is their gross margins come down because you import a lot into the country and the 
importation cost is high, you cannot pass it on to the local market in entirety, so your margins 
shrink. Our margins have shrunk by 10%, or more than 10%. And I think we should be able to 
cover most of them now with the currency stabilizing. The bottom-line also would look good, I do 
not have clear visibility about what the trajectory is, but the first cut numbers do show that the 
international profitability will be again a strong growth on a YoY basis starting from this quarter. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Sure. And one bookkeeping question, I mean, I just wanted to understand the other income dropped 
this quarter and how should we look at that going ahead? 
Ashok Jain: 
Main reason for that is in the base quarter there was certain capital gain booked due to some sale 
in the base quarter which had not happened in the current quarter. 
Sunil Duggal: 
And also the rise of interest rates have lowered the yields. 
Lalit Malik: 
There is one-time profit gain on account of sale of investments to the tune of Rs.16 crores, that 
made the difference. And also the interest cost is firming up, it has an impact on the yield.  
Sunil Duggal: 
This pain will remain as long as the interest rates continue to harden, we would see growth in non-
operating income.  
Richard Liu from JM Financial 
Richard Liu: 
Good evening, everyone. This is Richard here. Sir, you have partly dealt with this in the previous 
question, but I just want to get your broader high-level thoughts on the topic of international 
business. A few years back of course a lot of Indian companies went overseas, but I guess the 
objective of these was providing a delta to the overall growth profile versus the India rate of 
growth. But if you see the last few years they actually prove to be decretive and extremely volatile, 
there are of course lot of valid reasons to this and which we just mentioned to the previous question. 
But in light of all these how do you now look at international investments? The short question is 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
that are you as structurally bullish about going international as you would have been some years 
back? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, I think Richard what we thought we would get is immediate gains from acquisitions, and that 
obviously has not happened. But having said that, the long-term strategic reasons for these 
acquisitions, Namaste really to build a franchise in sub-Saharan Africa more than anything else, 
they remain intact. And I think without Namaste happening we could not have built any substantial 
presence in South Africa, I mean, if we did not do Namaste, we would have to do something else. 
But we could not have done this on our own, the black consumer is very different from what we 
are used to and we did not have the knowledge to deal with the consumer. Now we do. So, if you 
take a 10-year perspective I think these are good deals, if you take a short-term perspective they 
do look a little bit tough. While I think I do not regret these acquisitions, obviously with the benefit 
of hindsight we would have executed them a little bit differently than what we did. But I think if 
you take the long-term we will definitely benefit from them. Sub-Saharan Africa is a big prize and 
Namaste is a perfect entry point into that market.  
Richard Liu: 
So, if you are given an opportunity for another international buyout you will continue to evaluate 
those despite the kind of volatility? 
Sunil Duggal: 
We certainly would, but having said that, we have gained huge amount of experience, remember 
these were our first two acquisitions outside India. So there was a learning curve which we had to 
go through and now having been through that we are far more prepared to see the underlying risks 
and to deal with them and to take preventive action to deal with them. For example, in Namaste 
we did’nt see this huge natural base coming, so we did not map it out properly, we were not used 
to that ecosystem and we were not used to that piece of change. So we would not be caught napping 
I think this time, we will do our diligence in a far more structured manner. And I think after having 
gone through this learning process, some of which has been painful, it would be foolish just to 
disregard it. But like I said, we will be much better prepared.  
Richard Liu: 
So, if you look let’s say over the medium-term and let’s say three to five years out in your own 
business plan that you are drawing up, do you still envisage a situation where your current basket 
of international businesses, do you think that basket is going to grow faster than your Indian 
business? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, last whole year has grown slower, in fact this year on a YoY basis our international business 
has shrunk to 27% down from 30% a year ago. So it is really the Indian business which is moving 
the whole needle.  
Richard Liu: 
No, I am saying that what is your expectation for the next, okay now that… 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Sunil Duggal: 
Honestly, I do not know. We deal with international growth on a case-by-case basis, we pursue 
deals which we believe are good, we walk away which we do not think so. So far after Namaste 
we have not done any acquisition, even though we have been looking all the time. So it is really 
hard to put a number to it. I mean, I still think that the current trajectory, between three-forth and 
two-thirds India and one-fourth to one-third international is probably the band which we will 
operate, but this can change.  
Richard Liu: 
Okay. And one more question if I may on Foods margin, if we look the festive packs got advanced 
to Q2 and I guess these packs are relatively low margin products, what is the reasons for Foods 
margin of Q3 being lower compared to the levels seen in Q2? 
Sunil Duggal: 
No, I think the gift packs do not have any material impact on margins, the net margins are similar. 
Couple of points here and there, mainly because of CP. We did give massive CPs in the base 
quarter, if you remember that. So, the CPs we have taken off the table and that has partly lead to 
this vastly improved margins. We have also made network changes, we have got rid of a lot of 
third party co-packers and moved that production in-house in Pantnagar, and that has also been 
better. And we got some area-based exemptions in Pantnagar. So the margins have expanded, the 
strong rupee has helped because a lot offruit concentrates are imported, so we get them at a lower 
price because of the strength of the rupee. So that is the real reason.  
Richard Liu: 
Okay. No, I was actually talking about the 15% clocked in Q2 of FY18 which has come down to 
13% in Q3 of FY18, I am just talking about quarter-on-quarter.  
Lalit Malik: 
Yes, actually it is a product mix also because the 200 ml has a lower margin versus one liter. So 
what you see is that we have more than 200 ml this quarter versus what we had in the Diwali gift 
pack earlier, so that is one of the reason on the mix side. 
Sunil Duggal                        I think 2% is not very meaningful I think, once you look at in the context of YoY where I think 8% 
has moved to 13%, that is really the big change, a couple of percentage could be just a small mix 
issue. And part of it, yes you are right on Diwali gift pack, but like I said its not a big number.  
Vivek Maheshwari from CLSA 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
My first question is on the margins, so you mentioned something in case if let’s say crude and all 
the crude derivatives remain where these are right you, you mentioned you will be able to maintain 
margins, is my understanding correct? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, I mean I think in Q4 we should be able to, because we are still sitting on substantial amount 
of low price inventories which we will be consuming, and our margins are on consumption as you 
know. Now, going forward once this whole anti-profiteering overhang and all is over we will take 
up prices in line with the inflation numbers, and that would happen early in Q1 of next year. We 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
have not really done that mapping in terms of price increases, but Q4 will be fairly subdued, Q1 I 
think if inflation continues as it is, oil prices remain at this level, Coconut Oil prices again remain 
historically high then we will get our price increases.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
So, basically, if I understand you correctly where the spot prices are in general you need a price 
hike to basically manage margins, right? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, where the input cost increases are in strong double-digits we need a price increase, there is 
no other way we can maintain the margin profile.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. And this anti-profiteering issue what you mentioned, one, I am not very clear, I heard you 
on CNBC also a while back and you mentioned about you are not very clear how do you take up 
prices, what authorities will look for, do you need to have a product price list or basically the 
calculation around how much is the inflation, etc, is there any concern on that or by first quarter 
you think that concern will be behind? 
Sunil Duggal: 
I think that concern will disappear in the first quarter. At this point in time since it is a very live 
issue it is better to err on the side of safety and not take up prices even if the input prices are 
hurting, which like I said will not be doing so meaningfully this quarter. But at the end of this 
quarter they will, but we can postpone it by a few weeks just to not cause any issues with the 
regulators. But whatever we do, since anti-profiteering is not going to disappear, we will have to 
justify those increases with the detailed calculations and the rationale behind those price increases. 
So we will take that also in to cognizance. Proactive price increases I think for the next few quarters 
may not be that easy to get. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. Are there rules which are formalized on this issue, I mean the way in which crude, if that is 
the only one variable if we take, the way in which crude prices have moved up I mean let’s say in 
a market like India you should be allowed to take up prices, there should be no concern as long 
as… and once you have passed on the GST impact it is up to the industry or the company to take 
up prices, right? 
Lalit Malik: 
Absolutely. See, the fact remains is the anti-profiteering only says that when the rates were reduced 
from 28% to 18% the benefits was to be passed on to the consumer, but it does not prohibit or stop 
any company in terms of increasing their price if the input cost is going high. So that is very clear. 
The only question is if there is a rate reduction have we adequately passed it on, and that is what 
Mr. Duggal was talking of that we have taken adequate step to ensure that we have passed on all 
the benefit that we got to the consumer and therefore there is no impact. And while going forward 
if there is any inflationary pressure,  that will be evaluated in terms of increasing the price, but that 
probably will happen in the first quarter because we are sitting on some inventory which is at the 
low level. But whatever be the situation even in the first quarter we will have to build a detailed 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
rationale and a case for price increases by having visibility over our value chain so that there is no 
disconnect. Ee will see how the anti-profiteering issues shape up, at the moment there is not too 
much other than a couple of notices here and there.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. And if I may just one follow-up on this, when you say you have to have a case, basically 
that is for your internal working or every time that you take up prices you have to… 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, let us put it this way, if I do any price increases in this quarter I will first make sure that there 
is detailed rational to support the price increase so that I do not fall foul of the regulators. Now 
going forward obviously this is not going to continue forever, we are in a free market, but we have 
to see, manage the sensitivities which are there, and I am sure they would not last for long. Perhaps 
by the end of this quarter anti-profiteering would become redundant because other aspects of the 
value chain will then begin to factor the margins.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay, got it. Second, quick comments on wholesale and CSD for this quarter, like you mentioned 
last quarter what was the growth in both these, or de-growth in both these channels? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, the CSD declined by 22.5%, this was a big-big drag. Okay let me give you a breakup in 
terms of various channels, because this is interesting. What you call GT distributors (General Trade 
distributors) grew by 13.7%, these are distributors whom we sell in urban centers and then who 
sell to retail and to local wholesale. A super stockiest which is really the rural wholesale grew by 
26%. Modern trade grew by 17.6%, not spectacular but above the stockiest growth. Cash and carry 
which is modern wholesale grew by 16%. Food services which is enterprise grew by 73%, but the 
this is not a big, it is only 1% saliency. Paramilitary, again 1.4% saliency, grew by 27%. Other 
institutions grew by 12.2% and Canteen which is a big daddy in terms of enterprise, B2B business, 
declined by 22.5%. So all this growth you see are net of CSD and CSD is very material in 
Chyawanprash, in Amla Hair Oil, Honey, so these three is very big. So the growth that you see 
which are already good are despite this overhang of CSD. And of course, CSD impacting 
everything, including Juices where it is has got 2% - 3% saliency and Oral Care, everywhere. So 
I think we have managed the CSD deceleration quite well by tapping into other channels, 
particularly the rural wholesale, which at 26% is a very high growth.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Thanks for all these numbers. All these numbers are like-for-like, adjusting for GST and the base 
as well? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, they are all adjusted for GST. Everything which you hear now will be adjusted for GST.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay, got it. And last bit on Chyawanprash, how did Chyawanprash do in this quarter if you adjust 
for CSD? 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
12.2% overall and net of CSD it was 20%.  

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
Sunil Duggal: 
Again, 12.2% if you include CSD. So again, it was a great growth, despite the fact that the winter 
has been fairly subdued in the north, so we are pretty happy with the way Chyawanprash has 
performed. We did not really pump in too much money behind the flavors and the variants because 
we felt that we should wait for another year, so let the market be totally normalized, and our own 
financials are back on track to really then include into it. So next year we will have a massive 
program of investment behind the Chyawanprash franchise which we did not this year. 
Aditya Gupta from Goldman Sachs 
Aditya Gupta: 
A couple of questions. One on Oral Care, you mentioned that the growth is driven by increasing 
penetration may be channel wise or geography, can you just throw some more light on how much 
more scope this penetration lead growth is remaining, how much you have covered already? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Depends on upon the rate of conversion now, I think the penetration in terms of geography, while 
still a lot of headroom still exists but that would not continue forever. So it is really going to be a 
conversion game, how much can it convert from the regular non-herbal Toothpaste into 
Toothpaste, and everybody is playing the same game, the recruitment is from the regular products. 
Now who does this conversion best will be gaining the most. I do not think the Toothpaste category 
is growing at more than higher single-digits. So, the herbals if they are growing at 25 - 30%, I do 
not know what Patanjali grows by but Multinationals on a zero base they would have done some 
growth. So, slice of the pie is increasing, but in our case, we do the recruitment from our 
competitors. In the case of the multinationals they probably will have to do recruitment from their 
own franchise.  
Aditya Gupta: 
And second you mentioned on the E-Way Bill will now impact demand in the near-term, there are 
limited details I guess but do you expect this impact to be a month or longer than that, and will be 
homogenous across your categories or some categories will be more impacted? 
Sunil Duggal: 
See, 14 states have implemented the E-Way Bill from tomorrow, the big one is UP of course and 
then most of the southern states have done it. I think all the four southern states are implementing 
it. Then there are a couple of smaller states in the northeast, etc. But the middle one is UP for us 
and I do not know, it could be disruptive because it is very restrictive, any movement above 10 
kilometers and any consignment size of more than Rs. 50,000 has to be supported by E-Way Bill 
Now, while the process is reasonably simple, but even doing that, given experience of GST, will 
definitely be a challenge. There is some bit of surprise, we are fully prepared for generating an E-
Way Bill because that is entirely in our own hands, we ship from factories to C&FAs, which are 
controlled by us. So, no issue there. But suddenly two, three days ago, this intrastate which we are 
expecting from June came, and there is a little bit of concern about its impact in terms of day-to-
day movements. Even within a city like Lucknow moving a shipment from point A to point B if it 
is more than 10 kilometer there needs a E-Way bill. So it is pretty complex and there are so many 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
issues with regards to this E-way bill, if I am having say 25 cases which is Rs. 50,000 from my 
stockiest to may be 30-40 retailers, in which what form it will take. So, because the E-way bill has 
to specify a certain consigner and a consignee and if there are 30-40 consignees, then what do you 
do. So, it is another issue which again I think we will navigate it, how long it will take I do not 
know, but there is some concern, yes.  
Manoj Bansal from Ambit Capital 
Manoj Bansal: 
I just had a question around the OTC pharma range. So, the growth seems to be relatively muted 
compared to most of the categories, so anything specific about this category which could have led 
to the lower growth? And secondly, there has been a big product launch which has been in the 
works for few years around this whole range where products around diabetes, cholesterol, blood 
pressure, arthritis, etc, have been under developments, so any updates on when can we expect a 
larger launch in this product range? 
Sunil Duggal: 
You know, to answer your second question first, around 10 products under the Ethical range have 
already been launched. You may not have seen them because they have been launched through the 
prescriptive route. There are products for liver, for stress, for arthritis, a long list of ailments. Very 
good products, very safe and efficacious, but we still feel it is prudent to incubate them through 
the prescriptive space for a couple of years before we take them OTC. That is why they are not 
very visible, but if you want to see some of those you can go on our website or Gagan will give 
you some more information about them. So these are some very exciting and very promising 
products which we will take to market through media whenever we feel it is right. At the moment 
we are still scaling up our prescription infrastructure, we have got a new team onboard to deal with 
it and we would look at highly accelerated pace of supporting this whole detailing framework in 
the current year.  
Manoj Bansal: 
So sir, has this launch gone national, because I believe we had been test marketing them in a couple 
of states, is the prescriptive route and the launch taken national? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, it is still regional, what we are doing is we are putting different products in different regions, 
through the prescriptive routes there is a limitation and the number of products you can take to the 
practitioner is typically four or five. So we are doing something in some states, something in the 
other, and then we see which ones are most suited to take to market when. And there will be a lot 
of learning from this whole exercise, there is a whole Ethical piece going, there is a lot of attention 
and disproportionate attention on the part of the management towards this particular initiative, and 
we are pretty happy with the way it is performing.  
Manoj Bansal: 
Right sir. And on the overall growth rate for the category, anything specific about this category 
which has picked up? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
Sunil Duggal: 
Very hard to say, but I think the growth rates would definitely be in the double-digits from next 
year onwards.  
Harit Kapoor from IDFC Securities 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just had two questions on the international part, firstly on margins. So, both the acquired 
businesses, Hobi and Namaste, have over the years seen shrinkage in margin and probably towards 
the end of last year margins were at all-time lows at the EBITDA level. Just wanted to get your 
sense now that you are hopeful that these businesses are going to stabilize and grow going forward, 
what is the specific outlook on improving the margins here? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, I think the Namaste margins are already showing signs of improvement and we will rapidly 
scale up the margin delivery from here, the challenge is more on the top-line rather than on margins 
because we have cut cost now tremendously over the last couple of years to support the smaller 
business size. And the sub-Saharan Africa would support the margin growth also substantially. 
The challenge is more with Turkey in terms of margins, because the currency issues still remain 
relevant there and this is only currency which is in the continent shows sign of weakness in the 
entire basket. The moment currency stabilizes our margins will improve, there is no doubt about 
that. But it is very difficult to improve margins with a depreciating currency, the price increases 
which you take can never compensate for the margin erosion on account of the weak currency.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. My second question on the international front was, a large part of this international business 
has been developed organically over the last few years. Just wanted to get your sense on whether 
you see cross pollination opportunities from some of these successful international launches to 
India and is there an opportunity there sitting possibly in the future, next one, two years that you 
can think of, something that you are thinking of going forward? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, definitely. I think from the Dubai franchise there is definitely a lot of cross pollination that 
can happen in India, and we can begin to do that with hair care products, high end hair care products 
like serums, etc. Now that E-com offers us a window to go to consumer without the whole issue 
with regards to trade, that is probably a good platform and it will become increasingly powerful as 
the years go by to introduce new products without the issues which you have to deal with in selling 
through the traditional trade. So the cross pollination happens, between Namaste and Dabur quite 
frankly there is very little, because that is what is for Black people and so it is not really relevant 
to the Indian consumer. But the cross-pollination of Namaste is really happening in Africa from 
the US, and that is really the reason like I said earlier we brought this business, how do we populate 
Africa with Namaste products and have the whole learnings from the Namaste business to leverage 
the Africa opportunity. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. My last question is on India and on really the underlying rural urban trends, I know you 
have touched on the fact that rural growth for you is quite strong but that was really led by your 
internal initiatives. Just wanted to get your sense on the environment that has tracked in rural over 
last may be two or three quarters as well as urban, and the thoughts going forward? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Like I said the growth, a lot of the growth which you have seen across companies are really a base 
issue and going forward stimulus could lift the whole growth trajectory into a different orbit or it 
could not, depending upon what the budgets, etc., presents. So, I think we really have to be 
prepared to slug it out in terms of better infrastructure, better execution, and therefore share gains 
to drive growth. I am still saying that double-digit growth in rural markets, even in a very slow 
burn environment is eminently possible for us. We do believe we have world-class infrastructure 
which we have built over the last one year or so in rural India in particular to deal with the 
challenges of low growth.  
Nillai Shah from Morgan Stanley 
Nillai Shah: 
Just two questions from me, sir. Could you comment on the recent management changes at the 
mid-managerial level between India and international business, and what triggered that? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, I think we are building up to the next year in terms of succession planning and we have a 
strong desire to do it from internal resources rather than to do from outside. So this is part of a 
cross pollination process that you move people around, give them exposure to different 
geographies, challenge them in a different operating environment and that would reveal the 
qualities which we require for orderly succession from within. So, it is part of a very carefully 
crafted process which would have happened a couple of years ago, but then this whole issue is 
with regards to demonetization, etc., put this process back by two years. But now we are back in 
the game as far as business is concerned, it is the right time to hand over different businesses to 
different people. I would have not liked to do it when we were in a crisis situation which was there 
two years ago up to now, but since the business has now stabilized this is right time to make the 
move. And we will progress it in a manner which we are comfortable with at a pace which we are 
comfortable with. We have outside help also from leading HR company. So I think it has been 
very well crafted and we believe that it would lead to orderly succession in the years to come.  
Nillai Shah: 
Got it. And just taking off from the earlier question on cross pollination, you had started the process 
with the baby care portfolio, but it seems to have got lost somewhere. Is it just an issue of timing 
or you have changed your views on that? 
Sunil Duggal: 
I think it is an issue of privatization, when baby care was really going to be pilot in MENA region, 
particularly in GCC, that was there we would have got the learning to transplant into India. The 
entire initiative was really around baby oil which is different from Lal Tail, which everybody likes 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
to use. But we did pilot the baby care initiative two years ago in the Gulf, but then the Gulf business 
fell apart with all these issues with regards to the MENA economy. And the baby care was the first 
casualty of that, so we withdrew it like we withdrew some other products also and we shrunk the 
business little bit to its core. Now with the MENA rebalancing we are really looking at baby care 
once again with some level of seriousness. So when we make the grand plans for next year we will 
definitely have baby care as initiative, how much we will be progressing I do not know. And that 
is another example of cross pollination, if we get it right in the Middle East we can transplant these 
earnings into India and have a baby care business here. But it is a very tough category to enter, and 
we may choose not to enter it, because if our focus is shifting towards Healthcare for adults in 
terms of lifestyle management, we may put more of our resources there, we cannot spread because 
it is too thin.  
Nillai Shah: 
Okay and last question, in terms of the next two or three years for the India business where do you 
expect the max acceleration in top-line growth to come from which categories broadly speaking, 
without getting into the brands also it is okay, but just which category? I know Toothpaste is one 
of them for sure, but what else apart from Toothpaste? 
Sunil Duggal: 
See, most of the growth may continue to come from HPC and Foods, but in terms of long-term 
strategic rebalancing of the portfolio the move is towards Healthcare. So Healthcare may not be 
significantly impacting the mix or margins or profit over the next say two, three, four years, but it 
is a long-term strategic imperative. Now, many of the initiatives are slow burn, so we got to be 
looking at a horizon which is five to ten years rather than three to four. So, I do believe that while 
Healthcare may… 
Nillai Shah: 
Sorry, for the first time I am hearing you talk about market share gains, so you obviously have 
your plans drawn up in terms of which categories you are going to target. Healthcare, you had in 
the past said it is a slow burn, so that is impossible you can drive that near-term high single-digit 
growth you are looking for. So, which other category are you really gunning for, you have done 
very well in Toothpaste, but apart from that what else? 
Sunil Duggal: 
We look at share gains in all the key HPC categories, and we look at share gains in Healthcare 
categories like Chyawanprash and honey. And we look at sizing up the whole space in the digestive 
for example, where we have strong brands but comparably small. Now, we are not looking at 
market share there because that is not a relevant metric, but in let’s say digestive, in cough-cold, 
we would be looking at very, very high levels of growth and high levels of investment. So we are 
going to pressure investments, give disproportionate investments to a few brands, I do not know 
what they are because that will emerge over the next few weeks, but these are three, four brands 
which are currently perhaps in the Rs. 30 crores to Rs. 50 crores segment, but very scalable which 
enjoy inherently high margins and then we will be putting in substantial amount of resources, 
disproportionate resources. We may lose some money for a year or two, but I think if we are able 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
to scale them up then the fruits of that investment will be very high. But definitely the way to grow, 
assuming that the category growth remains subdued and that is what the situation today is. The 
only way to grow in the big HPC category is through market share gains.  
Nillai Shah: 
So, what you are saying is in the big HPC categories there are precise plans for which categories, 
which brands will be drawn up only in the near future? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, a couple of weeks from now, that is when the brand plans will be crafted. It is already being 
worked on, now we just have to see it at the senior management level. And then prioritize as to 
what brand gets what investment. Obviously, we cannot afford investment across the whole 
portfolio, so some will get high level of nourishment, some wont, and that is really the trick in 
picking the right horses which can take you through that desired level of growth. 
Anubhav Sahu from Antique Research 
Anubhav Sahu: 
Any regional differentiation in rural growth, this quarter has been good, but is there any regional 
pattern? 
Sunil Duggal: 
I do not know whether it is structural, that we can extrapolate it, but let’s say this quarter and may 
be the earlier quarter before this we got very good growth from east and south, and comparatively 
low growth from north and the west. But like I said, you cannot read too much into it, these things 
keep changing.  
Anubhav Sahu: 
Right. And sir, by any chance would you have the last year’s numbers for distribution sales growth 
mix? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, we have some numbers in terms of the direct distribution reach which has gone up around 
10% in the last quarter, 7% - 8% sorry. Now it has exceeded a million which was a big milestone. 
And the growth really in terms of reach has come from urban. Once again let me clarify that his 
whole rural outreach program is not to expand distribution width, we believe we have adequate, it 
is basically to get more SKUs into the whole distribution funnel and that is why we have divided 
the organization down the middle. So we now have 1.02 million outlets and touch points, we had 
0.94 million three months ago, so that is a big increase. And most of this increase has come from 
urban actually, the rural is more in terms of quality of distribution rather than in terms of numbers. 
I think in numbers until the market revives and the category growth goes ahead, there is no point 
in increasing the number of touch points because the cost of which will become unsustainable. So 
we have not really increased the number of touch points in rural for the last almost two years, the 
environment did not support that initiative. But as and when rural growth increases we will scale 
it up, it is not really difficult to do.  

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Anubhav Sahu: 
 Okay, sir. And sir just to understand the base effect, last year in Q3 what was the growth from 
super-stockist channel and the general business channel? 
Sunil Duggal: 
I do not remember the number but definitely the super-stockiest which is the rural wholesale 
channel has grown at 2x business and substantially ahead of us. So there has been a huge 
rebalancing in terms of our channel mix, with canteen going down, urban wholesale going down, 
rural wholesale going up, modern trade increasing reasonably well, e-com even though the base is 
very low is increasing exponentially. So, it is a very mobile situation and I think directionally we 
are moving our dependency upon urban whole listening at a dramatic pace. I personally feel E-
way bill is going to deal a big, big blow to urban wholesale, because when they ship the products 
across state lines or even when they sell it within state lines, it is all cash dealings and the E-way 
bill is basically there to stop this kind of stuff. So we will have to further accelerate our rural 
outreach in terms of the rural wholesale, also urban touch points, etc, etc. The things are changing 
very rapidly on the ground.  
Latika Chopra from JP Morgan 
Latika Chopra: 
Mr. Duggal, just one question, your commentary on rural was bit more cautious than rest of the 
peers who have reported earnings so far. You have talked about the rural market growth rates are 
fairly subdued, all the growth has largely come from your own efforts while others have talked 
about a gradual improvement. Why is there this divergence so to say, or is it that the bigger players 
are basically doing better in rural versus others? 
Sunil Duggal: 
Well, our rural growth Latika this time was 23% - 24% over last year, so it was a spectacular 
performance in rural. Why I am being a little cautious is because the headline numbers, and that is 
the only data we have access to which is meaningful show a sharp deceleration in the growth rates. 
Now, I cannot ignore this metric now, now our growth are good and hopefully will remain good, 
but we have to be prepared that the growth rate may not, the inherent growth may not support our 
business growth and we will have to do something extra. So I do not want to lulled into some kind 
of complacency that growths are there, we just have to walk in and take it, we will have to fight 
for those, we should be prepared to fight for growth through market share gains. Now, like I said, 
tomorrow could be a very, very different environment where rural economy will take higher place 
in the budget and then we would see the acceleration happen. But there is no harm in making that 
extra effort, I always believe that be prepared for the worst and don’t try to be overly optimistic. 
So that is really the way we run our business looking at the worst-case scenario.  
Latika Chopra: 
Right. And the numbers you are referring are Nielson numbers I am assuming, right, the Q1, Q2, 
Q3 numbers I talked about earlier? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
January 31, 2018 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Sunil Duggal: 
Yes, every category is showing the same trend in FMCG. So you can get these numbers yourself 
and see. 
Latika Chopra: 
We do not get access to them anyway. Thank you. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Thank you for joining us for this conference call. The transcript of the call will be available on the 
website. Feel free to address your further questions, if any. Thank you and have a nice evening.  
 
