NILA/CS/2018/88 
Date: February 28, 2018 
To, 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Toweres, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 530377 
Dear Sir, 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
NILA 
INFRASTRUCTURES 
LIMITED 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Compelx, 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: NILAINFRA 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on February 14,2018 
It is submitted that Nila Infrastructures Ltd. had held a Conference Call on February 14, 2018 to 
provide the information about the financial performance and business of the Company for the 
quarter/nine months ended on December 31, 2017. 
In this regard we are hereby, in terms of the Code of Practices for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information read with the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015, submitting transcript of the said conference call for the information of the 
exchange and doing needful. 
Company Secretary 
End: aja 
CIN : L4520 1 GJ 1990PLC01 341 7 
Registered Office: 
1st floor, Sambhaav House 
Opp. Chief Justice's Bungalow 
Bodakdev, Ahmedabad 380015 
Tel.: +91 79 4003 6817 I 18, 2687 0258 
Fax: +91 79 3012 6371 
e-mail: info@nilainfra.com 
www.nilainfra.com 
J

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
Q3-FY18 Results Conference Call 
February 14, 2018 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nine-Months and Q3 FY18 Conference Call 
of Nila Infrastructure Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. In case you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal CEO of 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Nila Infrastructures Limited. On 
behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors I would like to thank you all for participating in 
the company’s Conference Call and Q3 and Nine-Months-FY18. Before we begin I would like 
to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statement made in today earnings 
concall may be forward looking in nature. Such forward looking statements are subject to risk 
and uncertainties which could cause actual results who defer from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management beliefs as well as assumptions made by information 
currently available to management. Audiences are caution not to place undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of 
today’s Earnings Concall is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review. I would now like to introduce you 
to the management participating with us in today’s Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. Deep 
Vadodaria – COO, Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi, CFO; Mr. Himanshu Bavishi – Group President 
(Finance). Without much delay, I request Mr. Deep Vadodaria to give his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
I welcome you all to Earnings Call for Q3 and Nine-Months FY18. We will start with a recap on 
the announced scheme of demerger. With the scheme of demerger, we look forward to 
unlock value for shareholders by deleveraging the balance sheet of Nila Infrastructures; 
having core focus on construction business of affordable housing and civic urban 
infrastructure projects. The real estate business will be demerged in to the wholly owned 
subsidiary named Nila Spaces. Each shareholder of Nila infrastructures will get one share of 
Nila Spaces Limited. Equity shares of Nila Spaces will be listed on the NSE and BSE upon 
implementation of the demerger scheme. The latest progress with respect to the demerger 
that has been made over last couple of months - the honorable NCLT Ahmadabad bench has 
issued direction including directions to hold meetings of equity shareholders, secured 
creditors and unsecured creditors of the company which is to be held on 20th of March 2018 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
to approve the scheme of arrangements among Nila Infrastructures Limited and Nila Spaces 
Limited formerly known as Paramananday Superstructures Limited in their respective 
shareholders and creditors to approve the scheme of the demerger. To that extent we are on 
track with our schedule timeline for the completion date of demerger wherein we expect 
completion of all the formalities in both companies to start trading on both the exchanges 
hopefully no later than 30th of June 2018.  
In terms of the operational performance of Q3 FY18, the most relevant trend that has been 
witnessed over the last quarter and a little more is the increasing inflows of orders, 
specifically the focus on PPP models. This trend is welcomed by the company and given that 
the model offers higher margins and greater potential for upside. With focus to our order 
book, the order book is in really strong position. The company has received order worth INR  
345 crores during Nine-Months FY18 taking our total unexecuted order book to a strong INR 
588 crores; of this 65% is from affordable housing projects and the balance comes in from 
civic urban infrastructure projects. If you look at the demographic split of this 61% of these 
unexecuted orders are to be executed in the state of Gujarat and 39% of them are from state 
of Rajasthan. Within this there are approximately 10,792 units of affordable housing that we 
are to construct. The company has also observed as well as experienced bounded 
uncertainties in a convalescing business environment largely due to Gujarat State elections. 
This provisional event has accentuated the business environment on a state wide scale which 
offers some annotation for hindered business and activity in the past quarter. There was a 
protracted experience of the GST as various stakeholders across the value chain acclimatized 
to the new business norms. However, we are of the firm belief that these effects are receding 
and will no longer be an obstacle to the business going forward. One of the most underlying 
issues faced by the company has been with regards to the delay in design and approval of a 
project with the GSRTC, however the issue has been dealt with and there is no longer a 
concern and we have moved ahead with our operations.  
Now turning our attention to sector - overall the utmost talking point is the latest budget and 
impetus on affordable housing projects. The Government intends to setup a dedicated 
affordable fund in NHB funded some priority sector landing shortfall and bond authorized by 
the government of India. The objective is to boost the supply of affordable housing in rural 
and urban areas. The expenditure breakup also mentioned INR 315 Bn which is INR 250 Bn 
from extra budgetary sources for Pradhan Mantri Jan Awas Yojna urban up from INR 60 Bn 
last year to 330 Bn for the rural areas. The target is to double farm income by 2022 and 
provide house for every poor by 2022. The center has realized nearly INR 9,940 crores to the 
States so far for the smart cities mission which will further demand and focus on meaningful 
urban infrastructure projects similar to projects that we participated. The housing and urban 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
affairs ministry has announced 99 cities from central assistance under the government 
Flagship Program. The total proposed investment in these cities was Rs 2.03 lakhs crore. 
Rajasthan with four cities Jaipur, Udaipur, Kota and Ajmer received INR 784 Crs. Gujarat and 
six cities were chosen to get Rs 509 Crs funding. This bodes for us as well as there is sustained 
momentum in various infra projects within the geographies that we operated. Under the 
mission, cities proposed to take up various projects including smart roads, rejuvenation of 
water bodies, cycling tracks, walking paths smart classroom, skilled development center, up 
gradation of health facilities and Pan city project like integrity command and control center. 
With this I now invite Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi our CFO to discuss the key financial highlights of 
the quarter and Nine-months under review. 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
I will quickly take you through our results for the quarter. In terms of Q3 FY18 performance, 
our revenue for the quarter has increased to INR 53.9 crore which is year-on-year increase of 
6.7%. The EBITDA of Q3-FY18 was INR 9.2 crore which is an increase of 10.8% on year-on-year 
basis. EBITDA margin stood at 17.07% for this quarter. In terms of the bottom line our profit 
after tax is INR 5.9 crore which is an increase of 3.5% year-on-year basis. Our PAT margin 
stood at 10.95%. In terms of 9M-FY18 Performance, our revenue for the nine months was INR 
176 crores which is an increase of 18.1% year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the nine months has 
seen healthy increase of 34.3% on year-on-year basis to INR 30.9 crore. EBITDA margin for 
the nine-month quarter was 17.56% and profit after tax for nine-month ended for FY18 
increased by 26.8% year-on-year basis to INR 19.4 crores and the PAT margin was 11.02%. 
We can now open the floor for the question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pratim Roy from Stewart & Mackertich. 
Pratim Roy: 
I have just two to three questions regarding your total business model - actually related to 
demerger for Nila Infrastructure. So my question is that what is the purpose of doing this 
demerger firstly and secondly, what is the total market that you are expecting from 
affordable housing under government initiative by housing by 2022 and what will be your 
market share on that particular segment and if specifically, if you can give some light on that 
for me? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
The rationale of the demerger has been spoken before so we have a demerger presentation 
which you can download to explain you the rationale, but I will quickly summarize it stating 
that due to internal and external factors both combined together it made real sense for us to 
demerge to the company first is of course over the period of time we transformed ourselves 
into a construction company, but we do have real estate legacy and the balance sheet was 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
also of that nature which was an asset heavy balance sheet compared to an infra company. 
The external factors which made us believe that we should seriously again look at real estate 
as a space, especially in affordable housing, because of the government initiative which came 
forward starting from New Year Eve announcement of the previous year the FM gave off 
interest rebate to affordable housing in private sector; then to obviously key policy is like 
RERA coming in which we believe is going to be a game changer in certain ways for real estate 
in India because it takes away uncertainty and lot of undue competition out of the equation 
normally see as real estate developers are going to participate in the next lag of Indian real 
estate. These are some key factors which were responsible for us to initiate the demerger 
and which is obviously going to be very beneficial for both the entities going forward and can 
you repeat your second question again. 
Pratim Roy: 
My second question is what is the total market price for this housing for all needs I know that 
the target is 1 crore housing means what is the revenue you can say that market price which 
can benefit us? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
There has been lot of figures which have been moving around the market. If I can look at it is 
a general term obviously banks have been very aggressive on this sector if you talk about 
government housing as well or the private housing as well and their surveys obviously 
prepared by the top agencies are looking at this as a very big market going forward. Just on 
the number terms, we have to right now calculate obviously whatever that government is 
giving it as 1 crore houses which is obviously massive if you look at demographics of course 
we are obviously operating in demographics which are way ahead for the state as far as 
delivery of affordable housing is concerned and both the systems are on track and they have 
picked up speed much before any of these states could start practicing any of these Pradhan 
Mantri  jan Awas Yojana policies into their affordable housing missions. But if you talk about 
the percentile terms, I think it will be a very difficult quantitative question to ask. I think it is 
easy to conclude this scope is humongous in both the sectors if you look at government 
housing and now as well even in the private sector because one thing is very clear that with 
the availability of the land and government stands going forward, government will be able to 
build these houses, not without private players coming in and helping with the support 
because the number of housing which is required I doubt that government would have that 
sort of areas in different demographics of the country to give out and make these sort of 
houses. So going forward both the sector if you talk about, i.e. affordable housing on the 
private development side or on the government side where government will be a consumer 
for the developers it look fairly large. 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
Pratim Roy: 
The point is that actually there are lots of private players in the market so what do means 
support we can assume that there is 100 crore market in normal in simple terms so out of 
which how much percent you can expect that you can add in your topline. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We are only operating in two demographics, so we will have to break it up into number of 
pieces in terms of what Gujarat is going to achieve and what Rajasthan is going to achieve. 
We are not looking at other demographics actively so it is a hypothetical question in certain 
ways because we had still not decided on to move into any other demographics. For us to 
really calculate the market shares when you talk about that, but even if you talk about the 
quantitative term, I think the data which I can highlight which I have in hand, is that we have 
already - when everyone is talking about Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana. We already have a 
track record of delivering 1.3 million square feet to various civic bodies under the Pradhan 
Mantri Awas Yojana. So obviously the companies which have been in the play for longer 
period of time who are aware of the nitty-gritties are going to have a clear advantage. 
Pratim Roy: 
What is the reason these all are in contractual basis - I believe so, is there any working capital 
requirement for that purpose in high working capital required to complete this kind of 
project? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
It is not very high, but yeah considering government projects of course it is going to be high 
because we do not get mobilization advances and these are fixed price contracts where the 
prices are fixed pretty much at the start of the project that is how it tends to be with 
governments learning the lessons of the past, most of these bids are rear-ended as far as 
profitability is concerned. So yes, by the time you complete the project a lot of your money 
does stay invested in the project. 
Pratim Roy: 
What is the expected top line you are expecting in by 2022 or 2020 you can say and EBITDA 
margin and PAT if you can give that? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
As a policy decision we do not come out with guidances, but it will be safe to assume that we 
are on the growth trajectory and now the vision looks absolutely clear. In the last three to 
four years as far as focusing on civic urban infrastructure and affordable housing is concerned 
and going forward I think we will be able to achieve the sort of growth that we have shown in 
the past two to three years concentrating on the same space. Margin will be on the same 
space. Maybe margin going forward is going to improve on various counts because we are 
adding more orders which are public-private partnership models which will have higher 
margins compared to a lot of EPC that we have executed in the past. 
Pratim Roy: 
Any debt repayment schedule? 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Debt repayment - the immediate plans are not there, but obviously demerger will have its 
effects on the debt, in that the long-term debt will be moving to the other entity. Anyway 
even before that move, the debt proportions are looking pretty good for an infra company 
and obviously it is going to look much, much stronger post the long-term debt moving to the 
other side. 
Pratim Roy: 
Blended interest rate on debt? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Below 11%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush as an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ankush: 
My question is with regards to the unexecuted order book, so how much of the current order 
book do we see being executed by the end of FY19 if you’ll have any guidance on that? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So most of these contracts are to be completed in 24 months’ timeline there is only one 
contract of Jodhpur which is a larger contract which has a longer time line so considering that 
projects are going to we have almost five projects which are taking off in the next one month 
and a half we will start seeing a full annum execution on those. So going forward you can look 
at the unexecuted order book to be executed in the period of next 30 months. 
Ankush: 
One more question with the order book - what were the effects of the election on terms of 
order books was there any hampering of the inflow of orders? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes there was. In the last quarter of course, Gujarat did not come up with tenders which they 
are not allowed to do so obviously in the election state. However, the order flow has now 
started back again. So in the next quarter you will be able to see action on the order book 
there. 
Ankush: 
Earlier you mentioned that you all were looking at exploring other geographies so I was just 
wondering if there are any impediments in terms of entering different states or geographies? 
Moderator: 
No, I do not think there are any difficulties in entering different states, but we have to 
understand that India is a very unique country with its challenges of demography and more 
so with the sort of population that we have. So not every market is very similar, though I 
believe that GST has made it a lot more simpler for any of the companies who wanted to go 
out to other demography and operate, for it is a big plus if you want to go out in other state. 
Obviously, with GST coming in there is a lot more clarity and lot more less hassle if you talk 
about the taxation part of it, but as far as execution is concerned obviously there are lot of 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
things which have to be taken into consideration including the political aspects of this specific 
state which is involved and working culture and working atmosphere which is prevailing in 
that. No real blockage there, but at the same point of time we have been actively pursuing 
markets which are similar to operate like Gujarat and Maharashtra something like MP or the 
work culture there or the way they do work does not really change too much. 
Ankush: 
Bringing attention to the civic urban infrastructure project that you all undertake, so going 
forward is there any specific focus on a certain type of projects or you are all open to various 
verticals within that? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We are open to various verticals within that, but going forward obviously transport is going to 
be one of the biggest division what two contract we are doing with Gujarat State Road 
Transport Corporation that is an exponentially growing model which is probably a good 
winning Public Private Partnership where project has been delivered and are performing well. 
You will see a lot of states following the same suite and we will obviously be interested in the 
transport transition which will take place across the country and various sectors are now very 
actively looking at public private partnerships which are a win-win for all three stakeholders 
and upgrading outdated infrastructure that the government is sitting on right now. I think 
PPP, as a model, is working really well for them in all the states that they are trying to 
employ. I have not heard too many of these PPP models really failing in these times, if the 
policies have been drafted properly for this specific move. Yes, we are open to looking at a lot 
of sectors when it comes to civic urban infrastructure with the Barmer Medical College 
completion, we will be opened to qualify for medical and educational field contracts which 
will come in from the government. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Lakhani from Money Mind Financial Consultancy. 
Please go ahead. 
Tejas Lakhani: 
I want to address the elephant in the room if you can throw some light on the bureaucracy 
and the entire process of tendering and how under this government have you seen a lot of 
change on the government side and few follow question regarding that is that are the 
receivables also the challenge in terms of given the bureaucratic nature sometimes is it 
challenges process to collect receivables on time are they females usually, what is the process 
in general and who is the closest competitor especially in Rajasthan and Gujarat for our 
business? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So Tejas, answering your question, if you talk about the bureaucracy in Gujarat and 
Rajasthan, then the bureaucracy has been largely stable over the last few years in spite of 
change in leadership, largely the bureaucracy has stayed very stable.  The bureaucracy in this 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
part of the country is a little more entrepreneurial per se and they have been able to execute 
a lot of policy level changes compared to rest of the other cities because of the political 
support that they have in single party leadership brings about that advantage for bureaucracy 
to establish policies which are not hindered by political motive and your question on delays 
on payment we are not facing any form of delays in any form of payment which are coming 
about because of the bureaucracy. I think the system is pretty much set in Gujarat and 
Rajasthan both the states and we have never encountered any sort of delays which were 
probably pertaining to bureaucracy in any form of operations if you talk about payment or 
even clearing a tender or the tender procedure. So I think it is pretty much set now. Maybe in 
the initial part they could have had teething issues because they were implementing a new 
policy, but I think everything is set now if you talk about these two states which we have first-
hand experience because we operate there. We do not see any delay coming in from 
bureaucracy. If I can talk to you about support that is coming in from the bureaucracy, I 
believe that they are also actively keen on employing this policy and achieving the maximum 
in the time period that they have charge in. So we have seen bureaucracy being quite 
forthcoming as far as starting up new projects and hassle free transition is concerned and 
your question about competition that we face in Ahmadabad and Rajasthan, well the 
advantage of the company is that we have now three different segments which are divided in 
two different business model which is EPC and PPP. So EPC contracts in Gujarat we will have a 
different set of competition which will be largely construction EPC companies from the state 
of Gujarat. When you talk about the PPP projects in Gujarat this will be largely from the real 
estate developers in the state who are looking at this space and not the contractors who we 
compete in the EPC space. When you talk about Rajasthan, Rajasthan is a unique model of-
course which is a hybrid PPP. So we do not have a lot of construction companies which are 
participating, but a lot of companies which are interested in this hybrid business models, 
where a part of the remuneration is land. So somebody with a real estate and construction 
background has an advantage like us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Somal Bhatia who is an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Somal Bhatia: 
I see that you all have some huge land parcels which are in the acquisition phase in the 
Becharaji and things like before, so what is the company strategy’s going forward and has the 
company did the company acquisition and how are they going to monetize it going forward? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So Becharaji good you mentioned, because we have seen a lot of momentum in the last 
couple of quarter in terms of demand because Suzuki has actively started production of their 
plant and we believe that they are scaling up as per their plan, which is to scale this up to 7.5 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
lakh vehicles and we hear on confirmed news that they are going to expand that as well. So 
we have two different land parcels in Becharaji and acquisition is not 100% complete but 
acquisition is going on, but the positive take away from that area is that we had one land 
parcel which was falling under the government SIR namely Becharaji Mandal SIR which was 
not really moving because of policy level issues, but just before the elections they have 
finalized it. They have already released the draft town planning scheme. So we will be able to 
develop that bit of land parcel pretty quickly which was not looking very likely considering the 
sort of time government had taken before but now they have already rolled out. The other 
industrial land parcel that we are operating there is Romanovia Industrial Park which is an 
operational gated industrial community in which the model or revenue realization is going to 
be a mixture of sale of the industrial units and build to suit long term leases. 
Somal Bhatia: 
As you mentioned the acquisition is still going on so what is the capital which has already 
been infused how much we already acquire what is the pending and what would the value of 
the entire land parcels? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Well of the land parcel, we can share the book value and I believe in annual report copy you 
have all the details of how much did we have invested over the period of time we would have 
invested a little bit more, but going forward if you talk about the market value of that, that 
will be a speculative figure but the revenue models remains as I told you is on the lines of 
build to suit long-term leases and two companies operating out of our Romanovia Industrial 
Park, one is Nippon Express which is Japan’s largest logistic company and we have TVS 
Logistics. Usually when these car companies come in or auto manufactures come in, you have 
first leg of demand coming in from logistics so we are seeing nice traction coming in from the 
logistic sector there. 
Somal Bhatia: 
You also mentioned that you have in terms of your business has focus on Gujarat and 
Rajasthan, so are there any plans to diversify to any other state do you see any opportunity 
coming in the near future? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
As I said in one of the questions before as well on this call that we are actively looking at a lot 
of states which are doing good work, but to be very honest it is not scalability in terms of 
demography - that is a key area for an infrastructure company like us and given the sort of 
opportunities that are coming about only in these two states where we already have so much 
of our bandwidth invested is immense. So while we are actively pursuing something, but we 
will, as stated in the conference call of the past, look at a specific state as a larger area rather 
than one specific ad-hoc contract that we bid for. So let’s say if you are talking about 
expanding to another state when we see a good order pipeline and we feel that this state is 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
February 14, 2018 
going to be reasonably stable going forward on this outlook and we will obviously make the 
opportunity to expand but no immediate plans or bids that we have placed in states which 
are away from these two states at the moment. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen as there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Deep Vadodaria from Nila Infrastructures Limited for closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We would like to thank you for joining us today. We are hopeful of the prospects of the 
company over the next quarter in future to come and on ending the year on a positive note 
with an added emphasis on impactful infrastructure projects and clear policy guidelines. We 
aim to get ahead in the right direction while being mindful of our values of passion, reliability 
and dedication. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen on behalf of Nila Infrastructures Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
