
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“GTPL Hathway Q3 FY18 Earning Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJAN GUPTA-CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR 
MR. ANIRUDDHASINH JADEJA -- MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. PIYUSH PANKAJ – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS) 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROMIL BHANDARI - RESEARCH ANALYST, INVESTEC 
CAPITAL SERVICES 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the GTPL Hathway Q3 FY18 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Investec Capital Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal the 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Romil Bhandari from 
Investec Capital Services. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Romil Bhandari: 
Welcome everyone to the third quarter FY 2018 post Results Conference Call of GTPL Hathway 
Limited. The management on the call today is represented by Mr. Anirudhsinh Jadeja – the 
Managing Director of the company. Mr. Rajan Gupta – Chairman and Non-Executive Director 
of the company, Mr. Piyush Pankaj – Head (Investor Relations). I now hand over the call to Mr. 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja. 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
On behalf of the board of the Director and the Management of the company we extended a very 
warm welcome to all of you to Earnings Call of GTPL Hathway Limited to discuss the Third 
Quarter and Nine-month Results FY 2017-2018. 
Cable TV industry in India are now connected over 100 million household. It has tremendous 
reach deep into the urban and rural area with last mile access. Majority of homes are reached by 
MSO via a fixed line with the last phase of digitalization in India is in process.  
During nine-month FY18, we seeded around 1.6 million STBs and we increases around 2 million 
digital paying subscribers. Increase in phase III and phase IV ARPU and reduction of finance 
cost have helped us to improve our profitability significantly. Our Kolkata operations have 
firmly turnaround and for the nine-months, it has posted a profit of 17 million against a loss of 
56 million last year. We have also entered into a new state and launched cable TV services in 
Goa, this quarter. 
On broadband side, wired internet in India is still at an early stage with small penetration having 
approximately 18 million homes over 300 million plus homes.  
I am most excited about what we are doing in broadband business. We have been consistently 
investing in the latest technology to provide best possible internet service to our customers. 
Recently, In Ahmedabad we launched high speed, unlimited data broadband services on GPON  
Fiber To The Home technology. We have started offering 100 mbps and 40 mbps unlimited data 
plan options at a most reasonable price. With this launch, for the first-time, customer in 
Ahmedabad will get “Sach Mein Unlimited”. We are receiving lot of inquiries and we will 
gradually make this plans available throughout Gujarat. 
Now I hand over to Mr. Piyush Pankaj who will take you through financial highlights. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I will be taking you through financial and business-related highlights. 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
First on business performance highlights,  on cable TV as told by Mr. Jadeja also that GTPL 
seeded 180,000 STBs during the quarter taking total seeded STBs as on December 31 2017 to 
8.46 million. We added 140,000 active digital subscribers during the quarter and total active 
digital subscribers stand at 7.2 million as on December 31st. We added 110k digital paying 
subscribers during the quarter and total digital paying subscribers stands at 6.75 million. During 
quarter three,  phase 3 and phase 4 ARPU increased by 5.2% and 4.1% respectively and we have 
launched our services in a new state Goa. On broadband during quarter three we added 12,000 
subscribers and created 90,000 new broadband enabled homes. Total home pass as on December 
stood at 1.24 million. On February 3, 2018 GTPL launched GPON FTTH high speed broadband 
services of 100 mbps and 40 mbps unlimited data plans in Ahmadabad with price range of INR 
635 to 763 per month excluding taxes and progressively there is a plan to launch this service to 
other cities in Gujarat. The consolidated debt as on 31st December stands at 3,422 million as in 
comparison to 3,439 million on September 2017 and INR 5490 million as on March 2017. The 
net debts stand at 2,581 million as on 31st 2017 in comparison to 2441 million as on 30th 
September 2017 and 4,426 million as on 31st March 2017.  
Now I will take you through the financial performance: 
Just like the previous quarter we have given results for the three companies namely GTPL 
Hathway Limited the listed company standalone financials, second GTPL Broadband Private 
Limited which is 100% subsidiary of GTPL Hathway Limited and third GTPL Kolkata Cable 
and Broadband Pariseva Limited, KCBPL which is 51% subsidiary of GTPL Hathway Limited, 
the listed company. Please note that the three above companies contributed around 90% of 
revenue in consolidated accounts of financial last year 2016-2017. The standalone financials 
quarter three revenue stood at INR 1,955 million and was up by 23% YOY and nine-month 
revenue stands at 5,572 million up by 24% YOY which was mainly driven by growth in CATV 
subscription revenue. In quarter three CATV revenue stands at 1,063 million which is up 29% 
YOY and nine-month subscription revenue was at INR 2,966 million up by 27%. 
The EBITDA stands at 34 million which is 46% up YOY and EBITDA margin stood at 34.4% 
increase of 530 basis points on YOY. On nine-months EBITDA margin stands at 32.1% which 
is an increase of 180 basis points. In quarter three our finance cost has reduced by 75% YOY 
and 55% QOQ and nine-month finance cost reduced by 48% which enables us to give a good 
profit this year. The profit after tax stands at 238 million which is 478% up YOY and nine-month 
profit after tax stands at 505 million which is 156% up from last year corresponding nine-
months.  
On GTPL Broadband Private Limited which is 100% subsidiary of GTPL Hathway, the revenues 
in quarter three stands at 344 million which is up by 7% YOY. The nine-months revenue stands 
at 993 million up by 15%. The quarter three EBITDA stands at 101 million up 31% YOY 
EBITDA margin is at 29.3% which is 520 basis point up YOY. Nine-month EBITDA is standing 
at 277 million which is 33% up YOY. The profit of broadband private limited stands at INR 39 
million which is 9% up YOY and nine-months profits stands at 115 million which is 23% up 
from last year. 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
On KCBPL which is 51% subsidiary of GTPL Hathway, the quarter three revenues stands at 447 
million which is up 66% YOY and nine-month revenue stands at 1,171 million which is up 39%. 
The quarter three EBITDA stands at 160 million which was up 617% YOY and EBITDA margin 
is at 35.7%. Nine-month EBITDA stands at 342 million up by 143%. I am pleased to announce 
turnaround in quarter three PAT which stood at INR 28 million as against the loss of INR 41 
million in quarter three FY17 and nine-month profit after tax stood at INR 17 million against a 
loss of INR 56 million for the corresponding nine-month of FY17.  
We are open for questions now. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. We will take the first 
question from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Vora: 
Couple of questions. First, can you share the status of GPON deployment why was there a slight 
delay, how many home pass you expect by end of Fiscal 2018-2019, how many customers you 
expect for the broadband business especially in the GPON area? if you can answer that I will go 
to the next one. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
The current launch which we had in Ahmadabad that is our existing home pass was 100 K in the 
beginning after the up-gradation the home pass has increased to 130 K in this area and we are 
subsequently launching all over Ahmadabad. The delay that happened for two weeks for the 
GPON launch which we have planned for around 15th of January earlier was because we wanted 
to come with the unlimited plans so that there should not be any competition on data side and 
we have come with unlimited plans so whatever the technology we have to deploy in the back 
for caching, pairing and all we were completing that and that took us more two weeks to launch. 
Kunal Vora:  
And what is your home pass target for GPON Fiscal 18, Fiscal 19? 
Piyush Pankaj/ Aniruddhasinh Jadeja :We have already deployed around 200 OLTs.  In the launch area we have 
deployed around 60 OLTs right now and the total deployment is 200 which we are going to grow 
to take it to somewhere around 500 OLTs all over Gujarat in next 3-4 months mainly the four 
cities so that home pass will increase by another close to around 350 k home pass for this up-
gradation related to FTTB and FTTH. 
Kunal Vora: 
And how is the response being so far are you getting more customers, or it is mostly the 
customers who already had the service upgrading how is the response so far? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
The response is very good. We are getting new inquiries from the new customers. The existing 
customers we have given some of the promotional services and whoever is coming for the 
renewal, the demand is very high in this area for 40 mbps and 100 mbps on renewal. So we are 
very happy with the response right now. It is early days we have just launched two weeks back 
so still its early days on that. 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Kunal Vora: 
Second question any thoughts on Jio upcoming FTTH launch, what is the activity which you are 
seeing on the ground and is there any possibility for Jio to tie up with MSO including you? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
See we are aware about competition side all other telcos also but right now we are focusing on 
our customers and service side whatever we are offering to our customer it is in FTTB or FTTH, 
it is a very reasonable and at competitive price. So yes, competition is there, but right now there 
is no threat because as competition are not rolled out their services. I am saying for all over 
Ahmadabad, any other player is not going very aggressively in FTTH side, yes they are 
approaching two, three new green field area, but right now there is no issue particularly in this 
five square kilometer launch area. 
Kunal Vora: 
So no near term threat is what you are saying we are to see what happens going forward. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, no near term threat. 
Kunal Vora: 
Last question any thoughts on any possible impact because of Jio price cuts and on the wireless 
side they have increased the daily allowance from 1 GB to 1.5 GB, 1.5 to 2 GB also lowered 
price, do you think some customers might get tempted to move to wireless or considering that 
your customer uses more than 50 GB of data they are not going to move at all and also any threat 
on the TV business because with 1.5 GB data on a daily basis or 2 GB of daily data maybe the 
customer can watch 4, 5 hours of contents on television also and Jio TV is free so any possible 
impact on both broadband and cable TV business? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
See on the data consumption we have seen the surge in the data consumption. Right now it has 
increased up to 58 GB per customer in our case from 45 GB in the last quarter and we are not 
seeing any threat on those because one of the things which we observed that Gujarat is more of 
a unlimited data market and that is why we have come with the unlimited data where there should 
be not be any competition on the data side if someone is providing 1 GB, 2 GB, 3 GB per day 
and because that trend is different in usages of wire broadband it is more surges on the weekend 
when people are at home we will find that 5 GB to 10 GB is getting used in within the weekends 
and on the week days you will find that the GB consumptions is going down. So you can say the 
consumer expectation to the wired is a bit different than with the wireless. So that is why we are 
very sure that we can retain our customers and we will add more customers on this side. On the 
cable side, we have not seen any threat on that. Linear TV is increasing and we are seeing that 
our HD subscription is also increasing. So there is no threat we have seen or observed anything 
on the cable side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
You are planning to enter into Goa and I wanted to understand the opportunity size there who 
are the key players and what is the kind of market share that you are expecting. Why I am asking 
this is any new geography for most cable companies has been very difficult and very tough from 
a longer term perspective initially you might get market share, but from a profitability 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
prospective and market share prospective it has proved to be very elusive so wanted to 
understand that? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
If you see the Goa there is no such big MSO there, small ISO are available. If you see Goa 
universe is close to around half a million C&S digital home customers so we are seeing lot of 
opportunities in Goa as there is no bigger MSO present there. So right now we are not facing 
competition even though going forward also we are not seeing any competition or any price war 
that are related to ARPU. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Any particular reason why point 0.5 million kind of subscriber base has been neglected by any 
of the large  MSOs? 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
I think because Goa is a scattered market what I understand that majorly Goa has commercial 
side also and because of that maybe the other MSO not factored on this market. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir coming to broadband I see last few quarter your revenue being in that 32, 34 crore range and 
ARPU also being in that 486 or 487 Rupee so in spite of investing into the latest technology 
etcetera why that not translating into number is that because of the competition from the telcos 
and going ahead because the GPON do you expect ARPU to go up and any plan for GPON in 
your non Gujarat market? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
First coming to the number of subscribers we have added 10 k in last two quarter in this quarter 
we have added 12 k. The last month of December we have added the net subscriber addition of 
5,000. If you see the IPO happened and we got listed in 4th of July and after that we received 
the money somewhere around end of July and first week of August and then we started deploying 
for the GPON and FTTH on the up-gradation side. The up gradation took time because giving 
the order for the vendor and it takes around 60 days for the equipment’s to come, that’s the cycle. 
So till date yes we will on the same technology the old technology which is MEN and we are 
able to provide speed of upto 10 mbps. Already we said that the market is moving towards high 
speed broadband and it has to be very consistent as we go forward because the data consumption 
is increasing as the quality of data is increasing and lot of applications are coming into the 
broadband side. So till date we are just providing 10 mbps if I say till quarter three. We have 
launched the GPON in this quarter, the quarter four,  so going forward we are looking forward 
that this will reap us and it will give us benefits. On the subscriber or on the revenue side we are 
increasing on the healthy rate like 15% per annum we are increasing our EBITDA at 23% and 
our PAT is increasing at around 60% on the overall.  
Abneesh Roy: 
But still there is a big ARPU gap between you and the players in the larger market, so is your 
market inherently going to be at a lower ARPU even longer term even with a better technology? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
You see that actually our technical up-gradation started October, November onwards and to 
complete the entire up gradation in Gujarat it will take by the  end of fourth quarter or first 
quarter of 2018-19 . Till that time we are providing the data to our customer that capacity is 
maximum up to 10 mbps and if you will offer them 10 mbps then you will not get ARPU, but 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
going forward the way we are upgrading our network priority first like Ahmadabad, Baroda, 
Rajkot, Surat our major towns at Gujarat where there is an urban market and where the ARPU 
will go up I am sure end of this financial March end and 1st quarter next year,  we will complete 
all the up-gradation.  
Piyush Pankaj:   
See that is one aspect and second aspect is in the cable TV if you see we are present at around 
215 cities in Gujarat and in the broadband we are just present in 63 cities so what we are doing 
that we are increasing the number of cities and penetration especially in Phase-3 and Phase-4 
side and their you will start getting some good numbers from those markets and on the ARPU 
side, in the smaller market you do not get that much ARPU. From these four markets we are 
expecting that our ARPU will increase and from the new Phase-3 and Phase-4 market our ARPU 
will be a bit down so average ARPU you will find that it will be at this range.  The market of 
Gujarat is at this range. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Yogesh Kirve from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
So now that Ahmadabad GPON live so what will be indicative timelines for the GPON launch 
in the other cities in Gujarat, so did you say by 1 Q of FY19 we would be ready to offer GPON 
in other cities? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yeah you will see that before March 31st the entire Ahmadabad will definitely get completed. 
Now what we had just started is within 5 kilometer area of Ahmadabad and end of this March 
we will complete Ahmadabad and yes first quarter FY 2018-2019 we will complete all four cities 
Ahmadabad. Baroda, Rajkot Surat. On the launch side if you see commercial launch,  we are 
looking that we will do the commercial launch in all over the Ahmadabad by April somewhere 
and the launch on other cities will happen during quarter one and quarter two as we complete 
whole roll out for the up gradation. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
Secondly on the television side the ARPU in Phase-1 and Phase-2 have been stable so is there 
any plan to take any sort of a price hike over the coming months or quarter. 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
In the last call also, I have already said, in quarter two we increase ARPU in Phase-3 or Phase-
4 market and in last quarter we increase ARPU in Phase-1 and Phase-2. So yes this last quarter 
in Phase-1 and Phase-2 ARPU will increase. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
In this digital market so how are the debtor days and debtors have shaped up in this quarter, so 
has there been any decline compared to second quarter. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
In the second quarter we have given the standalone financial debtors,  it was Rs. 387 crores,  the 
total debtors, which has come down to Rs. 358 crore right now. So the trend is same like last 
year and the four quarter also it will come down. We are maintaining the subscription debtors 
between 90 to 95 days excluding taxes and we are working towards to bring it down below 90 
days on this, so it is under control. 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Yogesh Kirve: 
So eventually we would be moving to prepaid model? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes we are. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Chawla from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
My first question is on your activation fees, can you share you have seeded 1.80,000 boxes in 
third quarter at the consolidated level, what is the activation fee revenue generated as per Indian 
GAAP? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I will just first give you the CAPEX which has happened Sanjay this quarter. CAPEX is on the 
cable side we did the CAPEX of around Rs. 30 crores and on the broadband side we did the 
CAPEX of Rs. 26.3 crores so total 56.3 crore CAPEX happened. On this Rs. 30 crore,  the STB 
CAPEX on the CAPEX which has gone in STB is around Rs. 24 crores and the collections 
against that on the activation is Rs. 23.16 crore. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
What is the inventory level of boxes that you have right now and what was it at the end of 
September I mean right now as in December end versus September end? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
On the September end it was 186,000 and in December end is 219,000 right now. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
My second question is on the potential of ARPU upgrade in a broadband business now that you 
have launched GPON, so how does the ARPU upgrade happen I mean are you offering these 
high-speed plans to existing customers and are they paying you more revenues on day one or if 
this is going to take effect with some lag? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Sanjay as you know we are giving the packages the whole packages of 3 months, 6 months and 
12 months. So, every month in the liner some customers are coming if we have 250,000 
subscribes or 270,000 subscribers every month 20,000 customers, to 30,000 customers comes 
for the renewal. So, what we are doing right now for the liner of existing customer of February, 
March and April we have given the promotional 40 mbps free for them and whenever they are 
coming for the renew at that time we are upgrading them into 40 mbps or 100 mbps speed that 
is from the existing side. So that conversion we are already seeing from last 15 days that 
whatever the new customers are coming they are upgrading towards that and we are taking the 
feedback with them also there is a feedback mechanism. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
They are enjoying better speed on unlimited data allowance, but did the ARPU going up 
immediately or are based on the same ARPU level as in the previous plan? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Right now, they have already paid us for the previous plan. On the previous plan, we are giving 
them the test of the higher speed.  They are at 5 mbps, 6 mbps, 8 mbps, 10 mbps we have 
increased them to straight away to 40 mbps where if you remember in the 40 mbps we do not 
have to put any CAPEX extra. For 100 mbps we have to put ONU or the customer premises 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
equipment, so we have already upgraded them on the 40 mbps giving them the test of service. 
Whenever their renewal is due it is like 28th of February is the due. So already the call starts 7 
days before so how was the test and all, and ask them to upgrade to the 40 mbps and we are 
getting very good response on that from the existing customers. The enquires are more coming 
from the new customers and where we are increasing our sub base in this area. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
So when does the ARPU start going up for early adopters or people who were upgrading to this 
40 mbps plan from which month or date they start paying you more? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
It depends on the liner like February month liner on this area we have around 3,000 customers 
which has just coming into that and now we are seeing that from 3000 how many gets converted 
into 40 mbps or 100 mbps where you will straightaway get between Rs. 50 to 100 more ARPU 
on those, but this is early days so right now the analysis is not there in our hand, but we are 
getting very good response on those on the last 15 days. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
If I look at this upgradation of existing network and the existing catchment area you said in the 
four cities you will be having substantially existing catchment area by second quarter of Fiscal 
19 let say by September this year, so how many existing customers are going to be in this 
catchment area which will get upgraded by September to GPON? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
On the home pass side if you talk about it is going to be somewhere around 650 K home pass 
which is getting upgraded and on the customer side it is going to be around 160 K to 170 K. 
between that. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
So you are saying that these many customers are can potentially can come up on the higher 
ARPU plan once the upgrade has happened by September you expect this could happen? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
We are expecting that not by September all the customers will get converted because it depends 
on the liner, but we are expecting that as the liner will come for the existing customers. We are 
adding new customers also which is at higher ARPU straight way, but on existing customers we 
depends on the liner because they have already paid for the earlier services and we will see that 
we will give them one month or two months of testing or some benefits out of this because they 
are our existing customers. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Vora: 
On the subsidy part, did I hear you right? You mentioned 24 crore of set top box CAPEX in 23 
crore collection which means almost no subsidy for boxes, are you collecting like more than Rs. 
1250 per set top box that seems very high. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Close to 1200 we are collecting. So right now, we decided that we are not going to give any 
discount and the discount is very less only applicable in some of the markets so that 1 crore is 
what it is going into the net CAPEX. 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Kunal Vora: 
So going forward we should not be assuming any subsidy, at all like it will be more or less it 
will be zero subsidy models going forward set top box. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
We are trying for that some of the markets we are successful in other markets we are trying for 
that. 
Kunal Vora: 
Second thing on the carriage income if I look at the first nine-months its look like your carriage 
income has increased by 13% year-on-year. That is a fairly strong number what we should expect 
going forward? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
We will expect that the numbers which we have given in quarter three or quarter two the quarter 
four number is going to be almost same on that side. So, based on that the total numbers we have 
to see so it is going to be in the quarter four also almost the same. 
Kunal Vora: 
So, number have sustained for the time being. What are the status of the municipality and police 
broadband contract which you had won and any more such contracts in pipeline? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
The home project will complete on 15th of March and this hotspot wifi project we already 
completed and I think by this end of February we will hand over to the government. 
Kunal Vora 
And the revenues pertaining to these projects also is booked in the broadband business? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
It will come in fourth quarter. 
Kunal Vora: 
And the customer base of 8.5 million set top box seeded, where do you see stabilizing like few 
quarters is there any opportunity to add more customers in Phase-3 or Phase-4 market especially 
considering you are going to new markets. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Earlier we have given that this year we are going to seed between 1.8 million to 1.9 million 
boxes, we have already seeded 1.56 million boxes and the pipeline there is 250 K boxes more 
there which we are going to seed in quarter four and for the next two years we have given that 
the seeded will go on and some where you will half a million more. So that plan is still intact, 
and we are working towards that. 
Kunal Vora: 
So this will be again without subsidy so effectively you will be recovering the entire cost of set 
top box? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
As I told you that some of the markets we are successful in not giving the subsidy, some of the 
markets we are still trying so there will be some subsidies. You will find like 1 crore is there in 
this quarter on 180 k boxes so there will be some subsidies but yeah it is not to be very high 
subsidies which used to be earlier. 
Kunal Vora: 
And my last question how is the competition in the broadband space like you have increased 
your speed from 5 mbps to 40 mbps how is competition doing I believe Airtel also is very 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
aggressive they also have increased speed, they also have lowered prices, so how is the 
competition from Airtel and other players right now? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Airtel has started giving 40 mbps in some of the areas, but this is more of new area of Ahmedabad 
like Bopal and all where they have started, but they have not started in the main city and all the 
places where we want to be or we are going to launch or where we have our mass home passes 
and mass subscribers. 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
The Gujarat mindset is like unlimited data. So nobody is offering today in Gujarat unlimited data 
for this price. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
I know Rs. 640 to Rs. 730 odd pricing that you have you for the GPON offering I assume this is 
a retail pricing if you can just give us little bit of clarity in terms of 6 or 12 months package 
pricing, what kind of discounts are you offering and where is the consumer preference sort of 
lie? I know it is early days only 15 odd days between 20 odd days that you have seen, but on 
average what is the preference of the consumer is it like monthly or 3 month, 6 month 12 month 
which one of these plans is getting picked up more? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
The pricing which we have kept is for the two levels we have kept if you see. We have seen that 
one level the ticket size is up to Rs. 5000 and the second is the ticket size of Rs. 10,000 so if you 
see our plans which is out in the market the ticket size is we have kept that if customer wants to 
test 100 mbps they can test by giving Rs. 4500 or Rs. 5,000 in that ticket size also and the serious 
customer who wants to go for a year of around 10,000 ticket size they can go for 10,000 also. 
Same on 40 mbps, but the 40 mbps also we have kept in such way because we have seen that 
the ticket size varies from 5,000 to 10,000 in Gujarat market. This is early days Amit that we 
know the preferences are, we are getting equal inquiries for 100 mbps and 40 mbps both and we 
are expecting that both will fly for us as we understand that 100 mbps as explained that there is 
going to be a CAPEX for us as we have to put new CPE in the customers households for 40 
mbps we do not have to give any CPE so the ROI is better in 40 mbps speed rather than 100 
mbps for us as a company. 
Amit Kumar 
Then very quickly if you can just explain so when I sort of calculate the ARPU for the quarter 
from the revenue number that you have given divided by the average subscriber which is around 
2.6 lakhs, I am actually getting in ARPU closer to 430 if you can just explain the difference 
between 487 and 430 after we look at this? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
We have given the closing subscriber base at 272k which is our consolidated subscriber base 
because always we maintain that we are aiming whatever KPIs number we are giving is for the 
consolidated, this revenue is for standalone which is coming under the GTPL Boradband if we 
take out those number of subscriber which is not in the standalone which our in other companies, 
KCBPL, DLGTPL and others then it is coming to around 245 K which is there so you can 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
average out between 237 to 245 and then if you calculate you will find that ARPU is close to 
487. 
Amit Kumar: 
Thanks so much for the clarification. Two quick questions on the cable business side actually 
we have not really seen the ARPU level increase in this particular quarter and the reason why I 
am little bit surprise is that you sort of seeded those HD boxes and your sister company sort of 
in planning stage in terms of  doing that, but you have already sort of seeded those HD boxes in 
a reasonably big way in a few places in Gujarat and we would have sort of expected the little bit 
of I know those incremental revenues sort of starting to flow through so when do you sort of 
expect to monetize and first of all how many HD set top boxes do you have in your subscriber 
base right now and when do you sort of expect to start monetizing that I mean not Rs. 5, Rs. 10 
for incremental ARPU at least Rs. 40, Rs. 50 kind of incremental ARPU when can we expect 
that sort of happen and what sort of timeframe really? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Right now we have around 650 K HD if I talk about till March 2017 we have at around 150 k 
HD subscribers now we have around 650 k HD subscribers on that the new seeded which is the 
happening on the HD we are running in the promotional basis right now as we have increased 
our HD channel from 37 to now 83 channels with the new headend. So till date we are running 
it in the promotional level. We have not increased price as the seeding was happening in the 
different markets and we are taking the price increase in Phase-3 and Phase-4 and now we are 
taking the price increase in Phase-1 and Phase-2 also. So the plan is that we will at the 
appropriate time we will start monetizing the HD billing for this 400k customers. 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
For any quarter we have given the promotional offer. We already completed close to around 300 
to 400k we seeded HD in September, so we offer to our consumer at least one quarter for 
promotions especially in our subsidiary company, but yes we are collecting close to around 150k 
customers subscription. 
Amit Kumar: 
So this difference between 150 and 650 this 500 k subscriber on which this promotional scheme 
is running will it continue to run in Q4? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
Some will convert in the subscription, but some will continue up to 31st March. 
Amit Kumar: 
Final question on the cable side just give sort of quick overview of the state of your content, 
contracts and the negotiations out there? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
You are talking about the current year or you are talking about going forward? 
Amit Kumar: 
Going forward when will the negotiation sort of happen I remember our discussion we, Zee and 
Star are going to come under consideration in the running quarter in Q4 essentially so have you 
sort of sorted out those two contracts or is still something pending? 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
All four, five broadcaster we negotiated it was already completed I think before 31st March we 
will close next year 2018-2019 commercial agreements. Already the commercial discuss is 
closed but documentation side will be closed at around 31st March. 
Amit Kumar: 
If the negotiation are closed can you also then give us some bit of color on what kind of inflation 
can we expect in your content cost either on an overall basis or on a per sub basis for FY19? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
No as we said last call also here we are close to around 10% to 15% growth we are giving to the 
content side. So same will maintain the next year also. 
Amit Kumar: 
I am sorry this is on a CPS basis? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja: 
It is a fixed fee basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Sharma from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Sharma: 
Just one question Dish TV had their Earnings Call sometime back and they suggested that there 
was pricing pressure seen in the DTH space as couple of DTH operator come to the Jio 
aggressive mobile data pricing. So with DTH cutting price significantly do you see this 
impacting your cable TV ARPU upwards movement which you have seen particularly in Phase-
3 and Phase-4 markets because we are seeing DTH really cutting prices there any thoughts? 
Aniruddhasinh Jadeja : 
See what we have done the packaging for the LCO consumers, we can offer Rs. 150 to Rs. 300 
price level so I am not saying that cutting prices pressure will come to the cable TV or our ground 
side because my packaging side if you see like I can offer to my consumers 150 ARPU also, I 
can offer my consumer Rs. 200 also, I can offer Rs 250 ARPU. 
Rajiv Sharma: 
No my question was more to understand that your existing 250 guy he moving to 150 that you 
trying to offer more per pack which is happening with your broadband today you are trying to 
offer 200 GB or 100 GB for similar price points and we are seeing also Hathway trying to 
ringfenced subscribers by offering more data. So, could we see a similar situation happening in 
cable given that DTH is cutting prices? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I will answer this if you see GTPL is giving the highest channel in the country right now. We 
are giving around 650 channels and in one area if you see the highest channel is 433 channels as 
per TRAI report and all. So right now we have not faced any problem on this side and going 
forward also the expectation is that we will not face problem because of this price because you 
see Airtel was also providing 300 channels, they have come, Jio has also come, other operators 
are also coming on the OTT side and all, but we have not faced any problem on this side as our 
subscriber are still intact and will remain intact that is our belief. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions I now hand the conference over to Mr. Romil Bhandari for 
closing comments. 

 
GTPL Hathway Earning Conference Call 
February 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Romil Bhandari: 
On behalf of Investec India I thank everyone for joining this conference I now hand over the call 
to Mr. Piyush Pankaj the Head IR of the company to conclude the conference. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thanks all of you for joining this Earning Call of the GTPL Hathway and if you have any queries, 
further queries or you need any information, you can contact me. My contact numbers are given 
there. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of Investec Capital Services that concludes this 
conference call for today. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
