ma trimony. com
May 8,2018
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
ExchangePlaza, 5th Floor
Plot No: C/1, G Block
BandraKurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai- 400051
1~*Lll1JrateRelationship Department
BSE Ltd.,
PhirozeJeejheebhoyTo
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001
DearSirlMadam,
Sub: Call transcript of Investor/Analvst conference call under regulation 30(6) of SEBI
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015.
Ref: BSE Scrip code: 540704/ NSE Symbol: MATRIMONY
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations,2015, the call transcript of Investor/AnalystConference call with the Companyheld
on 04th May 2018 is attached herewith.
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz.,
www.matrimony.com.
Submittedfor your information and records.
Thankingyou
Yoursfaithfully,
For Matrimony.com Limited
u:
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ACS: 18951
No.94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower II, 10th Floor, MRC Nagar, Chennai - 600028
matrimony.com ltd.
(CIN:
U63090TN2001PLC047432)
Corporate
B: Registered office:
No:94, TYH Beliciaa Towers,10th Floor, Tower 2, MRCNagar, Mandaveli, Chennai - 600 028. Tamilnadu, India. Phone; 044·24631500

matrlmony~com
"Matrimony.com
Ltd Q4 FY18EarningsConference Call"
May 4,2018
matrtmonwcom
MANAGEMENT:
MR.
MURUGAVELJANAKIRAMAN-
PROMOTER & MANAGING
DIRECTOR
MR.
BALASUBRAMANIAN K- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
MR.
SANTOSH SINHA - AXIS CAPITAL
MODERATOR:
Page 1 of 16

Matrimonycom
Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the
Matrimony.com
Q4 FY18 Earnings
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by
pressing '*' and then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Santosh Sinha from Axis Capital. Thank you and
over to you sir.
Santosh Sinha:
Thanks Lizzan,and a very good afternoon to all the participants on this call. I welcome you to the
Q4 Earnings Callfor Matrimony.Gom Ltd. We have with us Mr. Murugavel Janakitaman - Promoter
and Managing Director and Mr. Balasuhramanian K - the CFO.The call will begin with the brief
management discussion on the performance for the further quarter. This will be followed by a Q
& A session.
I will now.hand over the callto Mr. Murugavel. Over to you sir.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Thank you Santosh and good evening everyone and welcome to our Q4 Investor Call. First, I will
take you through actually the key highlight for the financial year, which will be followed
by
Consolidated Quarterly
and Yearly Financial Performance of the company and then we will
describe the performance on each of the two segments that we operate. In the end we will be
happy to take any questions.
Let us begin with key highlights:
The consolidate PATfor the year went up by 72%. Match-making segmental EBITDAfor the year
at Rs.104.32crore, a growth of 28.2%.The number of reported successstoriesfor the year crossed
llakh,
probably a record acrossthe globe. We added 3.72 million members during the year. With
the acquisition of Second Shaadiwe have become a single largest player in the divorce matrimony
segment. Mobile contributes more than 80% of profile acquisition and member activity.
Letme.move on to the consolidated results with Q4 performance:
The matrimony. com, the
leading online
player in the
matrimony
segment,
has achieved
consolidated
revenue of Rs.84.39 crores for the
quarter,
a growth
of 11.9% against the
corresponding quarter of the previous year. The earnings before interest, tax and depreciation,
(EBITDA)for the quarter was at Rs.19.9Scrores against the Rs.1S.80crores for the corresponding
quarter of the previous year, a growth of.26.3%. The profit before tax and exceptional item for
the quarter was at Rs.19.94crore, asagainst Rs.13.42crores for the corresponding quarter of the
previous year, represents a growth of 48.6%.
Page 2 of 16

-
rnatrirnony corn
Matrimonycom Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
The company's consolidated net profit for the quarter was at Rs.16.61 crore, a growth of 64.3%
against the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The funds raised in the IPOhave beenfully
utilized in the current quarter as per the scheme.
FY18Performance:
The company has achieved consolidated revenue of Rs.33S.54 crore for the year, a growth of
14.5%against the corresponding previous year. The earnings before interest, tax, and depreciation
(EBITDA)for the year was at Rs.77.69 crore, as against Rs.58.95 crores for the corresponding
previous year, a growth of 31.8%.The Profit before tax and the exceptional item for the year was
at Rs.72.93, as against Rs.47.35 crores for the corresponding
previous year, representing a
growth of 54%.
The company's consolidated net profit for the year was at Rs.73.36 crore, a growth of 72.3%
against the corresponding previous year. The net profit for the year includes one-time receipt of
Rs.12..82crore from Mr. Murugavel Janakiraman - CEOof the company, towards the obligation
that he had as per the terms of the agreement between defendants of the litigations in USA.The
carry forward loss of Rs.18crores have been adjusted in the income tax computation and going
forward, the current corporate income tax will apply.
The Board of Directors of the company has recommended a final divided of Rs.l.SO per equity
share of Rs.5each, which is subject to the approval of the shareholders.
Segment results:
Matchmaking:
Matchmaking segment revenue for the current quarter was at Rs.81.37crores as against Rs.71.69
crores for the corresponding quarter of the previous year, resulting in a growth of 13.5%. Overall,
profit added for the quarter were Rs.9.94 lakhs of which 60% of profiles posted by prospect
themselves. 70% of profiles were added by parents and 23% of profiles were by sibling, relatives
and others.
The Matchmaking EBITDAfor the quarter grew by 22.6% to Rs.26.42 crore as against RS.21.S5
crores for the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The Matchmaking EBITDAmargin for
the quarter was at 32.5% as against 30.1% for the corresponding quarter of the previous year.
Matchmaking segment revenue for the year FY18was at Rs.319.08 crores as against Rs.280.76
crores for the corresponding previous year, resulting in a growth of 13.6%.
Around 108,000 successstories have been reported to the company in the financial year 2018.
The Matchmakings EBITDAfor the year grew by 28.2%, reached 104.32 crore as against Rs.81.39
Page 3 of 16

matrimony. corn
Moderator:
Matrimony. com Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
crores for the corresponding previous year. The Matchmaking EBITDAmargin for the year was at
32.7% asagainst 29.0% for the corresponding previous year.
Moving to Marriage Services:
The Marriage Service revenue for the current quarter was at Rs.2.98 crores as against Rs.3.72
crores for the corresponding quarter. The EBITDAfor the quarter was a loss of Rs.4.29 crore as
compared to a lossof 3.12 crore for the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The Marriage
Services revenue for the current year was at Rs.16.37 crore as against Rs.12.06 crores for the
corresponding previous year, resulting in a growth of 35.8 percentages. The EBITDAfor the year
was a loss of Rs.16.78 crores as compared to a loss of Rs.12.18 crore for the corresponding
previous year.
We are now open to take any question that you may have.
Thank you. Ladiesand gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session.The
first question isfrom the line of Vivekanand Subramaniam from Ambit Capital. Pleasego ahead.
Vivekanand Subramaniam:
I have a couple of questions. One, in respect to the Matchmaking Services business, the paid
transactions saw a growth of 3% Y-o-Y and even on a quarterly basis you witnessed a similar
growth. I remember that in the last quarter Mr. Janakiraman, you had sad that Q4 is a seasonally
strong quarter, yet why is the paid transaction not growing at a very fast pace despite active
subscribers growing at a faster pace? Secondly, in the Marriage Services business, I remember
the discussion in the last quarter was around the large opportunity
and certain businesses
including Mandaps and Photography where you seem to highlight that you are progressing well
but yet, we see that the revenue seems to be moderating there. Any specific reason to call out?
Thanks.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Vivekanand Subramaniam:
Vivekananda in terms of the paid subscriptions year-on-year grew by 6.2% actually. So, with the
combination of ATV increase and the paid subscriptions we grew by a 14.5% in terms of sales
in Matchmaking business.With respect to the Wedding Services, while the Matrimony Mandaps
and Matrimony
Bazaar, these businesses are in a very-very early stage. We want to get the
business model right in one state Tamil Nadu before we expand the business. But again, the
business is in very early stages. We are seeing good progress as a result of initial successin terms
of traction. But nevertheless, we are not in a hurry to expand the business because we want to
be really sure of getting the model right before we expand. So, this business at this point oftime
is a small part of our Marriage Services business.The Photography business, yesthere are some
changes which are done in Q4 and with that we are seeing some better traction in terms of the
increase in ATVforthe Photography venture, sowe believe that the Marriage Servicesbusinesswill
have a better traction this year.
Page 4 of 16

matrirnonr.ccm
Matrimonycom Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
with a 14% growth, so do you wish to continue growing ATV and are you going to be content
growing the paid transactions by low-to mid-single digit percentage point; is that what you are
highlighting?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
No, we will be looking at the growth in a combination of increase in paid transaction and also
possibly driving the ATV. But the thing is that as you progress, India is going to add a lot of new
internet users, new segment of userswill be vernacular usersand asa resulty 0 u need to balance
it out. The objective isto drive the growth, based on the new set of users who are going to come
into the system and if required we may offer at a better price.
Vivekanand Subramaniam:
If Iam allowed, one more question. Sohow do you seethe margins in the Matchmaking segment?
I am pleased to see that the margins have continued to expand and now stand at 32.5%. Where
do you see these margins going in FY19and FY20?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
We want to step up our marketing. So, we expect margin to may be slightly improve or may be
operate on the same level because we are looking at driving growth and looking at improving our
market share.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Rajanl from B&K securities. Please go
ahead.
Pranay Rajani:
What I wanted to ask is what is total number of active profiles added during the year and also
the bifurcation of the same.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
The total number of usersadded for the last year was 3.72 million.
Pranay Rajani:
And by which age group -like
parents, friends, relative bifurcation for the same,
Page 5 of 16

matrimony. com
Matrimonycom Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Pranay Rajani:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Moderator:
Darshin Shah:
Balasubramanian K:
Darshin Shah:
Murugavel Janakiraman :
Moderator:
Around 60% of profiles were added by singles themselves. 17% of the profiles are added by the
parents and the 23% of the profiles were added by siblings, relatives and others. As for the user
group, they are around mid-20s, male are around 24 and above, females around 22 to 23 ages is
the range.
Also. you went through a price hike of 7% the previous quarter, and what was the impact of the
same?
Basically, there was an increase due to the impact of GST. Soalso, as I said earlier, any increase
in the price, impact of that happens over a period of time because some
paid subscribers
will be a first-time user who will adapt to the higher price and other subscribers wlli be renewal
based who will renew at a different price as well.
A Imost dose to 50% of the revenue we get
it from the renewal transaction. We are seeing an increase in the ATV on account of the price
increase. As I said we are also looking at how to manage In terms of number of paid subscriptions
and also the ATV.
Thank you. The next question isfrom the line of Darshin Shahfrom Multi-Act. Pleasego ahead.
I just wanted to know that the other operating expenses in the current quarter have gone down
in the absolute terms as compared to Q4 of 2017 as well as Q3 2018. So, can you just share what
was the reason?
If you look at the overall expenditure as percentage to revenue is 22.3% in the last year vis a vis
current year is 20.5%. This is basically emanating from the. web hosting charges. There is a
reduction there in absolute terms by a crore as well as basically on the insurance and other
communication
expenses.
Another
question
is on cash burn in the
Marriage Services business. Sir in the last call,
management alluded that cash burn would be restricted to Rs.3crores per quarter. But again, in
this quarter we are seeing a cash burn of Rs.4.5crore. So, can you please throw some light on this.
I think if I am not mistaken we were expecting it to operate between Rs.3crores to Rs.4
crores. Last quarter it was slightly above Rs.4crores. And the way we see this year isthat, we will
be able to managethe cash burn with largely around Rs.3crores to Rs.4crores that's how we see in
the coming quarter. Last quarter was a slightly ahead of our expectation because we have done
some changes to the operations. So yes, we are slightly more than the plan as what we have
committed.
Because the businesses are in the early stages and you know we are still evolving.
We are not in posttion to absolutely predict it to the extent we are able to do it in the Matchmaking
business.
Thank you. The next question isfrom the line of SaileshKumar from Sunidhi Securities. Pleasego
ahead.
Page 6 of 16

matrimony"com
Sailesh Kumar:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Sailesh Kumar:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Matrimonycom Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
I wanted to understand, at what level of turnover will we be breaking even at EBITDAlevel in
Marriage Servicesdivision?
Weare
chasing a very large opportunity but again at this time the numbers are very small. In
looking at the photography business, we expect the number to triple compared to the current
number.
If we do whatever number we are doing 3x of the number, we will operationally
breakeven In South. Again, it can be even earlier because we have increased the price and we
have tightened the discounts, and we are collecting 70% of the payment prior to the event so we
don't have any challenge of collecting the payment post the wedding. Earlier we had a challenge
of collecting the balance payment because we we re executing the events by collecting only
50%. So that's on the Photography business. The other businesses be it Matrimony Bazaar and
Matrimony Mandap; these businessesare In a very early stage and we believe that we are on the
right track. We will get that model right and expand the business across India. Obviously we will
be chasing our growth with some losses. So basically, even after achieving profitability
in South
when we expand the Photography businessin other market there will be losses. Basically, the plan
Is that how we drive the growth by getting a profit in some market, expanding in other market
there will be losses. So, the business will be in losses for the years to come again but market
specific we would have achieved profitability
or breakeven that is how we see it. To sum up,
whether the overall Wedding service has become a profitable in the near future, no because we
will be chasing their growth but with keeping the losses at a minimum level.
Sir, we are positioning our wedding related services as a convenience factor or asattractive price
point? What is our U5Pfor this? How are we positioned?
There are 3 businesses, let me explain one by one on the thought process behind it. With respect
to Wedding Photography - how the Matchmaking was unorganized 20 years ago, now today we
have organized it. Wedding Photography which is part of every Indian wedding which is largely
unorganized. This business we are trying to organize it where we are the end-to-end service
provider. This business have
a lot of operational intensity and executions are involved,
it's
important
that scaling up rightly.
.If you scale too fast then there may be challenge on the
execution side. So basically, when it comes to Wedding Photography, we are trying to organize it
and we want to bethe go-to place when people take their wedding photography and videography
services. With respect to Matrimony Mandaps, anyone getting married, the starting point is to
book the venue. We are trying to bethe aggregator of the wedding venues acrossIndia and where
people are looking for booking the venues, we want to be their destination where people can find
the availability, and they can book it through a platform where there are multiple businessmodels,
could be from advertisement to transaction fee, these are some of the things that we are exploring
now in Tamil Nadu. So basically,Wedding Matrimony venues, we want to be "the place" for people
to book the venue.
My understanding is that it is always convenient to book all these things from one place, rather
than bringing bits and pieces from different vendors and may be newer generation may not be
comfortable with that. So, you people are offering a good platform. We can go with the pricing
thing, we can keep a competitive pricing vis a vis the unorganized players and still we can grow.
Page 7 of 16

matrimony. com
Matrimony com Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
Murugavel Janakiraman:
No are we talking about the Wedding Photography or its Mandaps and all that?
Sailesh Kumar:
Mandaps and all this.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Basically,in Mandaps we are aggregators. Becausetoday the challenge for anyone getting married
it's time consuming, it takes so much of hasslesto find what venues are available at a particular
date. When we aggregate it, we are making it very easy for how today the booking platforms
evolve for various things. We believe there is an opportunity to aggregate the wedding venues and
offer a convenient platform, in the process we are able to monetize in various ways, could be
advertisement
or could be a transaction
thing, because people prefer
to pay money for
convenience. Again, we are able to even offer at a better price because we are able to aggregate
to enable book it through a platform. We are able to give the price benefit to the customer as
well. Again, there are multiple businessmodels with respectto Matrimony Mandaps. It believesin
the long run it can be a good businessactually.
Sailesh Kumar:
If I may ask, internally what kind of revenue you are targeting from the division over next 3 to 5
years kind of period?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Look currently wedding services counts to around 5% of our business. It can be a 10% or more
also. It depends on how we are able to execute these businesses.As I said, in all these businesses
we believe we are on the right track, and we seem to be getting the things right. And mostly we
want to ensure that we get the model right before we expand to other markets. So, it can be even
at 10%or more also.
Sailesh Kumar:
Because I believe this can be the real growth driver in medium to long term.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Absolutely Yes.
Page 8 of 16

matrimony ..com
Moderator:
Jayesh Shah:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
JayeshShah:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Jayesh Shah:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Jayesh Shah:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Matrimonycom Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
Thank you. The next question isfrom the line of JayeshShahfrom Maitri Financial Services.Please
go ahead.
Hi, I would like to know how much time it takes to convert the deferred sales into actual sales.
Basically the bulk of our revenue is coming from the 3-month package. If you book a sale today,
revenue will fall over the period of 3 months.
How many paid subscriptions have come through your existing offices.
Not through
offices. The telemarketing
is one of the
largest channels for
us. Today in
telemarketing
we have around
1500 tele
callers across India. And around
30% revenue
contributions
around that come through the tele calling channels. Most of the revenue for us
coming through the online channels while tele callers assist customers. Sometimes it's difficult
to quantify how much of that tele calling effort has resulted in numbers that came in online.
So people do visit your offices, means and then they might as well enter to the contracts and also
is it possible to put some number to it? Like how many people would be visiting the offices.
Not it's not people visiting offices. Let me clarify in detail. We have 10 regional offices across
India, were you have atele callers and we have our relationship managers. The tele callers basically
reach out to the customers and explain how they can make better use of our product in the future,
and in the process, they are also about to convert the free member into paid members. Above
from that, we have 140 retail outlets where customer can walk-in to the retail outlets and they
can avail paid subscriptions or avail any of our other Matchmaking Servicesincluding assisted and
elite. The
retail outlet contributes around 10% of the overall business. Most of the revenue
coming from members themselves paying through online, they would have been facilitated by
tele caller. So,the business is a mix of the people who are paying by themselves through credit
card online and people who are walking into the retail outlet and making the payment, which is
around 10%. We a Iso
go to the door step and collect payment. We have few 100 collection
executives across India, who is on the rolls of the company, so we go to the doorstep and collect
the payments.
Sir, lastly can you put a little bit of more color on your latest acquisition of this SecondShaadi.com
and all?
We
have an approach of micro
market strategy, where you have a religion-based site,
community-based site. Divorce segment is in a way we treat it as a community. We know that
there is increase of divorce rate in India. We already have a divorcee matrimony, which is one of
the largest player in the segment. With acquisition of Second Shaadi, we have become the single
largest player in the second marriage category. We seethat asa good opportunity so with both the
combination of divorcee matrimony and second Shaadithis segment is well covered by usassuch.
Page 9 of 16

matrimcnv.com
Jayesh Shah:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Jayesh Shah:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Jayesh Shah:
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Moderator:
Sanjay Singh:
MurugavelJanakiraman:
Sanjay Singh:
Matrimonycom Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4,2018
What will be the market share?
In that segment pretty much, we are the player actually.
The only player, Okay. And what is the size of the market there?
That is the divorce rate in India is a little over 1% if I.am not mistaken. But again, the increase in
divorce rate is something which we want to tap into divorcee matrimony,
while the overall
percentage is small, but in terms of percentage increase of the number of divorcee has been
going up.
Finally if I can ask, your competitor isseemed to be adverting heavily like Jeevansaathi and all. So
how do you counter them. That is what your strategy in marketing is.
One thing in terms of marketing definitely we are stepping up. In terms of market share, we
have a about a 60% market in the Matchmaking business,and with every passingyear we are able
to widen our market share in the Matchmaking space. So, we have a strategy of marketing that
is regional and national. And we are stepping up and in terms of the competition, the competition
is by and large being limited to North to extend to the west actually. While we are a pan India
player and most of the market we have a very strong and very dominant market share, we have
planned to become a leader in the northern market. We have planned this year to further step
our marketing and we have other plans aswell. We believe we will be able to achieve leadership
in the Northern market aswe progress.
Thankyou. The next question isfrom the line of SanjaySinghfrom Pinebridge Investments. Pleasego
ahead.
Just wanted to know your net cashfor the year. Would it be 170 crores?
Yes,very much.
So you know, the dividend has been a nominal one, again this isgiven that there is no CAPEXplan
parse it is mostly some lossesfor the Photography business, so you should be able to still generate
may be around Rs70crore to Rs75 crores or Rs60 crores to Rs65 crores cash againyou
Page 10 of 16
--
----

matrimony ..com
Matrimony com Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
know this year. Any plans that you have put in, in terms of capital allocation. Whether it's more
dividend or more buy back or some acquisition, is there any articulated policy we have now?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
We have our currently a dividend policy in place which talks about 10% to 15% of the profit after
tax can be distributed subject to all things being equal in terms of the requirement of cash. There
is actually a policy in place we will have to review it on Y-o- Y and depending on the situatlon.
Perhaps the board will take cognizance of it and take an appropriate decision on it.
Sanjay Singh:
It Will still be, I mean per sethere is no acquisition in this business, apart from may be a very small
one here and there. So, and there is no CAPEXper se. So, it's a request that this is a policy that is
required to be put in place which is more articulate and which will give more clear direction. As
of now it's a little vague I would say. If I may usethat word.
Balasubramanian K:
Yes,your point taken. We would definitely review it.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
The thing is that, in terms of the Matchmaking and the wedding services, we continue to evaluate
opportunities. If there are any opportunities which make senseand it's come at the right price we
will be looking at for acquisition. Yes,asyou said in terms of capital requirement, CAPEXis very
limited for us. So, the business will continue to generate cash and we will see as we progress.
Sanjay Singh:
Secondly, in terms of the services business, do you have any kind of numbers in mind for FY19that
this is the kind of revenue I would want, lossesyou have already said is not more than 3 to
4 crores per quarter. Which is what being the internal target in terms of top line for FY19which
saysthat I would proceed with this spend further or I would not proceed, because it's not making
sense, and the market is not accepting it. So, is there any kind of topline number for the services
businessfor FY19which shows that the business has potential to scale up?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
We should be looking at that at least growing by around 50%.The Photography business, now with
the changes that we have done, we believe we are on the right track. The plan is how to get the
business close to a profitability
before expanding into other market. So, the plan Is to have the
growth upward for 50%this year with
keeping the lossesto Rs.3crores to Rs.4crores.
Sanjay Singh:
I think profitability
is not a concern because it's very small number of loss.You know to start any
business you would need probably more than that. But the main thing is, the top line traction
would make that lossjustifiable.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
That sure is. This year looking upwards of 50% growth.
Page 11 of 16

matnmcnv.ccm
Moderator:
Matrimonycom Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivekanand $ubramaniam from Ambit Capital.
Pleasego ahead.
Vivekanand Subramaniam:
Hi Murugavel, I heard you mention your ambition for the North Indian markets. So, what is the
thought process there? Is it easyfor you to just acquire profiles in that market by stepping up your
ad spends, or would you need to anything different, say acquire a site or say do anything on the
ground in terms of opening branches. Canyou help us understand your strategy in penetrating in
the North Indian market? That's one question. And secondly, do you think that the space
Matchmaking segment currently is too crowded is there scope for consolidation in the space?
any thoughts on that? Thanks
Murugavel Janakiraman:
In respond to your first question on what the strategy for the North Indian market-we have both
the promotional.strategies and other marketing strategies. Having said that we will take some time
to get to leadership as our competitors are active in this market. So, it won't be a near term
strategy to get into a leadership. It's a definitely will take couple of years for us to reach into a
leadership position
in that market. In terms of the acquisition, that's something if you get an
opportunity
then we will consider if it is at the right price. We are definitely looking at it.
Vivekanand Subramaniam:
Right. And a small follow-up that I had was, you mentioned that to attract a new segment of
users, you may offer the product at lower cost and you will experiment with various models. Does
this mean that you will do something like that in the North Indian markets?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
One thing is, apart from the promotion and other strategies, pricing is one of the strategies as
well. To the North Indian market, in terms of the discount obviously because that market is
crowded, and you know, we have other player in that market. Already, those players are offering
at a much-discounted price. So, pricing could be one of the strategies <;IS well, yes.
Vivekanand Subramaniam:
and if I may ask, sir what is the average discount or rather what is the differential in the average
transaction value In the North vs the South markets. What discount do you think Is the North
Indian market operating in, Visa Visthe South markets?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Moderator:
In most of the market we don't offer much discount, except North, because of the reason that
we have the competitors offering more discounts. Yes,our discount may be slightly more than the
Southern market or may be other markets.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Rajani from B&K Securities. Please go
ahead.
Page 12 of 16

matrirnonycorn
Matrimony.com Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
Pranay Rajani:
In fact, I wanted to ask you the breakeven point for your photography business currently.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
We believe the breakeven point for photography which isprobably the 3x of the current revenue of
what we do in the South. As I said we have improved out ATV, because our price tightening. So,
we believe that 3 times the current revenue or may be lesserthan that, we will be able to achieve
the breakeven in the South. But when into a new market after achieving the breakeven in the
South, yes, we continue to lose money in those new markets.
Pranay Rajani:
Sir how many events do you currently do in a month acrossthe South?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
We do around 1000 events per month.
Pranay Rajani:
And you plan to expand to the northern markets?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Not now. Our thought process is that, we should get close to the breakeven in the South before
we expand to other markets.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question isfrom the line of JayeshShahfrom Maitri Financial Services.Please
go ahead.
Jayesh Shah:
Sir can you throw some light on the growth in different regions, that is the South, North, East
and, I mean across India?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
We are not giving the breakup of growth region wise, because that's competitive information.
But over all we have been growing acrossthe market. So, we expect.and continue to grow across
India while definitely the growth varies from market to market.
Jayesh Shah:
And sir, finally you don't seem to be adding employees in quite some time. At what point do you
think you need to add them.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Good question Jayesh.We continue to use the campaign management, analytics and automation
to drive the conversions and many things. So, when we look at the Matchmaking business,
almost the last couple of years we have been operating at more or lessthe same man power. The
expert for assistant Matchmaking and elite Matchmaking business would increase in the number
of customer signing up; we will have to increase the position of relationship managers to service
those customers. The Core Matchmaking business, yes, we are pretty much able to operate with
the same manpower. Evenfor this year, we are looking at more or less operating with the same
number of man power except for the business what I said, assisted and elite for the business
growth. Again, as we progress if we get more profile, if you think there is a need to add more
associates we may look at adding and all the things. But at this. point of time, it appears that we
are able to operate at more or lessthe same manpower in the core Matchmaking business.
Jayesh Shah:

matrimony" com
Matrimony com Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
Murugavel Janakiraman:
Yes,except forthe
assisted Matchmaking and Elite Matchmaking businesses.These businessesare
supported by relationship managers. For the growth in these businessesobviously we need to add
relationship managers to support the new customers who are getting signed up. But our business,
take Matrimony.com or community matrimony, we believe that we can continue with the same
manpower in certain support function, like technology and other functions.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question isfrom the line of Mayank Patel from Air Financial. Pleasego ahead.
Mayank Patel:
I would like to askyou, in coming next quarter where do you see yourselves?
Murugavel Janakiraman:
In the Matchmaking business we expect to grow more or less in the similar percentage. Wit h
stepping up marketing and if we acquire more profiles, the numbers can be slightly better. But in
terms
of the
margins since we are going to
step
up our
marketing,
the margins in the
Matchmaking business more or less will be a same or slightly expand. With respect to Marriage
Serviceswhatever the things we have put in place, we believe that we are in the right track. We
believe that we are able to probably grow by possibly 50",4,but keeping their lossesto 3 to 4 crores
and until otherwise something changes drastically where you want to step up significantly. That's
the thought process at this paint of time. Soyeah, in terms of Matchmaking Q4, in terms of sales,
it was 86.7 crore. But in terms of revenue it was only 81.4, basically the increase in sales we see
getting reflected in the coming quarter in the Matchmaking business. Since we are going to step
up marketing, we want to increase the market share; margin may be sort of more or lessthe same
or may be slightly better.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Desai from Hornbill CapitalPlease go
ahead.
Sahil Desai:
I just wanted to check on our marketing budget so this year we have taken about 7% higher in
terms of our marketing spends. What are you expecting for FY19and how much of that will be in
the non-South markets if you can give us some sense on that.
Page 14 of 16

matrtmonycorn
Matrimonycom Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4, 2018
Murugavel Janakiraman:
We definitely want to step up our marketing this year. It will be definitely more than in terms of
percentage growth, more than what we have spent last year. We are definitely looking at North
market. It is one of the markets to invest. We are not giving this kind of break up on how much
money we are going to invest in the North, but overall the marketing spent is definitely going to
go up this year.
Sahil Desai:
We spend about 56 crores this year in FY18,of that what can we look at for FY19in terms of the
overall budget may be if you can't share the breakup.
Murugavel Janakiraman:
May be 20% more, but again definitely we want to significantly invest big in the market.
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions I now hand the conference over to Mr. Santosh
Sinhafor his closing comments.
Santosh Sinha:
Thank you everyone for joining this call. On behalf of Axis Capital, I thank the Management Team
of Matrimony.com for hosting this call. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Murugavel
Janakiraman for final remarks.
MurugavelJanakiraman:
Thank you so much and thanks for all your support and have a nice weekend. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital that concludes todays Conference.
Thank you for joining us.You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.
(Thisdocument has been edited for readability)
Page 15 of 16

matrimony corn
For further information, please contact:
ViJayanandS
Company Secretary Matrimony.com Ltd.
No: 94, TVH BeliciaaTowers, Tower 2, 10thFloor,
MRCN(!gar, Mandaveli, Chennai- 600028, Tamil Nadu, India.
Phone: 044-24631500
Email: investors@.matrimony.com
CIN:U63090TN2001PLC047432
Page 16 of 16
Matrimony com Ltd, Q4FY18 Earnings Call
May 4,2018
