C 
IT'E
INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED
Ref : CIL/STEX 3O/e+rvrs
Date : May 25, 2019
To
The Secretary,
BSE Limited
Corporate Relation Dept,
P.J. Towers,
DalalStreet, Fort,
Mumbai-400 001
Scrip Code /Scrip td: 5407 LO/CAPAC|TE
Dear Sir/ Madam,
The Secretary,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Plot No.C/l, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East)
Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Symbol: CAPACTTE
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst/ Investor Conference Call
Dear Sir
We refer to our letter dated May L7,2018 regarding the intimation of Analyst / Investor Conference
Call on the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31,
20L8, which was scheduled on Monday, May 2!, 2o1g at 11.30 A.M. (lsr).
In this regard we herewith attached the transcript of the conference call as required under
Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule lll of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
This is for your information and records.
Yours Truly
For CAPACIT'E I
Mumbai (Head Office) :
605-607' Shrikant Chambers, Phase-|, 6th-Floor, Adjacent to R. K. Studios, Sion-Trombay Road, Chembur,
Mumbai- 400071 . Maharashtra, India Tel: 0227173'9717 . Fax.:0221'ltT'Szgg . Email: info@capacite-in 
'
. / /.
Sai Kedar Katkar
NcR I Bangalore

"Capacit'e InfraProjects I+imited Q4 FY'18 Earnings
Confereflce Call"
May 2I,20I8
C/t lT-H
M,q.NncnMENT: MR. Ronrr K,{rylI, - ExBcurIvE Drnncron ANU
Cnrnr FIN.q,NcInl OrrIcnR, CltAcIT'E
INrn rPnoJEcrs Lttultnu
MR. Ar-ox Mnr,norRA - PnnsrunNr (ConroRATE
FrNlNcn), C.Lnncrt'n INrn q. Pnorncrs Lrvlrnu
MR. D.r.nnouln A.q,sH - Hnnu (AccouNTS AND
T^q.xArroN), C.Lr.LcIT' E INnn L Pnorncrs Lrvrrr
('t
Page 1 of 17

Moderator:
Rohit Katyal:
Good Day, Ladies and Gentlemen. And welcome to the Capacit'e Infra Project Limited Q4 and
FYl8 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward looking statements
about the company which are based on the belief, opinion and expectation ofthe company as
on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of fufure performance and
involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines
will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal
the operator by pressing "*" then "0' on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over Mr. Rohit Katyal Executive
Director and ChiefFinancial Officer. Thank you and over to you sir.
Good morning everyone. A very warm welcome to our full year ended FYl8 Earnings
Conference Call. Along with me I have Mr. Alok Malhotra - President (Corporate Finance)
and Mr. Damodar Ash - Head (Accounts and Taxation). I hope everyone has had an
opportunity to look at our results. The presentation and press release has been uploaded on the
stock exchange and our company website. Let me begin by giving you an highlight of the
recent positive changes that have taken place in the industry.
One the government has approved the Mumbai Development Plant 2034 whereby it has
increased the floor space index for both commercial and residential buildings. Secondly the
Maharashtra Authorities have also approved to release 3,355 hectors of land previously
designated as non-development zone. In Mumbai of its 2,100 hectors of it will go for
affordable housing. This coupled with RERA and organized players already playing a bigger
role is good news and augurs well for well-placed and focused EPC players like us. Further the
real state sector has started showing signs of improvement as is evident from the data on
housing sales.
There are clear indications of revival in the India Real Estate Sector backed by favorable
policies and a positive market sentiment. The environment is tuming conducive for developers
and we believe therefore that organized EPC players stand to benefit.
With this, I shall now share with you the financial highlights for the year. Total income for
FYl8 grew by 19.3%o to Rs. 1,360 crores as compared to Rs. I,140 crores in FYl7, pursuant to
GST implementation in FYl8 there was a renegotiation in all the ongoing contracts as on 30th
June. This renegotiation led to reduction in revenues to the tune ofRs. 35 crores in the current
fiscal,
EBITDA for FYl8 grew by 7.3Yoto Pis.227.7 crores as compared to Rs. 212.1 crores in FYl7.
EBITDA margin stood at 16.70/o for FYl8. Finance cost for FY18 reduced to Rs. 39.8 crore as
compared to Rs. 41.7 crores in FYIT on absolute basis. The net finance cost for FYl8 was Rs.
19.5 crores vis-d-vis Rs. 32.1 crore in FY17. Depreciation and amortization expense for FYl8
stood at Rs. 67.2 crore as compared to Rs. 65.1 crores in FYl7. The overall downward
on order book post GST amendment fructified in Q4 of FYl8 was Rs' 185 crores'
I,6
Page 2 ot 17

Moderator:
Vijay Sarda:
Rohit Katyal:
in accelerated amortization ofsite establishment under the gross block ofRs. 5.3 crores during
the quarter.
Further the company has stopped capitalizing of assets under the value of Rs. 30,000 which
has impacted the EBITDA by Rs. 2 crore or there about in the current financial year. Total
comprehensive income for FYl8 grew by 14.9%;oto Rs. 79.4 crores from Rs. 69.1 crore for
FYl7. The EBITDA was impacted by Rs. 7.3 crore thereabouts due to reasons just explained.
cash PAT for FYl8 grew by l9.5voto Rs. 160.9 crore as compared to Rs. 134.7 crores in
FYl7. Core assets worth Rs. 85.6 crores including capital WIP of Rs.6.7 crores have been
capitalized during FYl8. Our gross debt to equity ratio as on 3lst March 18 stood at 0.32 x.
Gross debt stood at Rs. 239 crores which now includes bill discounting of89 crore while the
cash and bank balance stood at 324 crores as on end of3 lst March 2018.
The net working capital including retontion money stood at 89 days during FYl8 as compared
to 65 days as on FYl7. The net working capital excluding retention money stood at 58 days
during FYl8 ns compared to 34 days during FYl7. The net working capital has gone by
mainly on account ofincrease in trade receivables resulting from extended negotiation process
in finalizing the amendment in orders due to GST implementation. We expect the net working
capital days to go back to previous level over the next two quarters. Our order book as on 3lst
March 2018 stood at 5,682 crores.
Affordable housing contributes 60% of the order book. 85% of the order book comes from
residential segment while 15% from commercial and institutional. For FYl8, we have added
orders worth Fis. 2,722 crores. During Q4 FYl8 we bagged the following significant orders,
order from Tata Trust for complete civil electromechanical and interior works valued at Rs,
256.6 crores, Kalpataru Magnus worth Rs. 9l crore and a repeat order from Wadhwa Group of
Rs. 156.5 crores. For FYl8. the board of director have recommended a final dividend of l0%
subject to approval of shareholders along with DDT the dividend payout works to ll.7o/o of
PAT.
For FYl9 our CAPEX guidance stands at Rs. 75 crores as approved by the board ofdirectors.
With this, I now leave the floor open for questions.
Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is
from the line of Vijay Sarda from Crescita Investments. Please go ahead.
Sir, just wanted to get some understanding in terms of the slippage on the revenue that you said
to the tune of around Rs. 30 to 40 crores, so is it because while putting GST into numbers the
number were higher or it is a negotiation where we have taken an advantage of GST at our end
and reduced the billing for the client?
So what we have mentioned that the overall impact of GST due to amendments which
fructified or were completed in Q4 stands at Rs. 35 crores. This total impact
whatever projections are given, whatever revenues are shown obviously they
Page 3 of 17

Vijay Sarda:
Rohit Katyal:
Vijay Sarda:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Utsav Mehta:
Rohit Katyal:
Utsav Mehta:
Rohit Katyal:
Utsav Mehta:
Rohit Katyal:
so there is no impact of taxes on that, but yes due to GST whatever discounts cor{d be passed
on to the client under negotiation that amounted to Rs. 35 crores.
Sir just trying to understand in terms of the order book that we have as on March 31, what is
the timeline for execution of those orders and secondly in this cunent order dook are we
having some projects which are getting slowed or which are stagnant?
Number one, the average completion period is approximately 3 years or thereabout 3 to 3.5
years and there is no stagnant or non-moving order in the order book provided to you on the
stock exchanges.
Just going forward, is this GST impact already been arrested or we can see this impact flowing
in another one, two quarters also?
No it is totally anested. All the order amendments are in place and available with us. So hence
there will be no discussion of any discounts or any shortfalls due to GST. Whatpver debtor
built up and loss in revenue had to happen has happened over the 9-month period irt the current
financial vear.
The next question is from the line of Utsav Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go atlead.
Sir my first question is on the increase of receivables on account of GST, what linp item have
we booked this under. is this unbilled or is this bills receivables?
The overall debtors level has been shown to you. One part ofthe same is lying in thp debtors as
you can see the gross debtors as on FYl8 is Rs. 562.83 crores including retention ofRs. ll5
crores. Of this, the total uncertified bill which as on 3lst December FYIT was approximately
Rs. 250 crores which today stands at Rs. 98.8 crores.
You are saying this was a Rs. 200 plus crores as of December and now it is Rs. 98.B crore?
That is true because the GST amendments were still going on, but now aU the GST
amendments are in place and thereforp a substantial portion ofthe bills have got celtified. That
means when I say uncertified bills of Rs. 98 crores means on the overall revenue qf Rs. 1,350
crores or there about. So only uncertified bills or bills in the revenue portion is onfy 98 crores
which obviously over the 2 weeks or so will be certified.
Just sort of why is GST amendments taking so long because it has been almost 8 ipronths or 9
months since we have passed that date of GST implementation, are there any speQifics that is
causing such a delay in receipt ofthese or negotiation ofthis amount?
It is obvious when any new amendment comes firstly the clients first place various consultant
on the board to understand the impact because they are not experts in the construction costing.
Once that is done the negotiation starts in any negotiation either party would like tp
far as possible. So, it has taken more time than what we anticipated, but fortunatefly
Page 4 ot 17

IHFRAP 
I.ITIINTED
Utsav Mehta:
Rohit Katyal:
Utsav Mehta:
Rohit Katyal:
Utsav Mehta:
Rohit Katyal:
Utsav Mehta:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Viraj Kacharia:
are at the moment dealing with only private sector we have been able to get all the order
amendments in place. Now what does this order amendment mean that you had post of
uncertified bills an ad hoc payment coming through till January of this cunent financial year.
And once it all get certified the pace of receivables picked up, but yes it has taken more time
then what we had thought, and the industry had thought, but fortunately as far as Capacit'e is
concerned they are behind us now.
Sir since you said that both parties sort oftry and gain out ofthis, does this imply that there is a
scope ofdownward renegotiation ofthese Rs. 98 crores where the client agrees to pay let say
6Rs. 0 or 70 crores out ofthis?
Sir Ijust said the order amendments are in place, so there is no question ofthis Rs. 98.18 crore
to be precise being revised downward by even Rs. l.
My second question is on margin you know EBITDA margin on a like for like basis if I have
to let say compare it to FYIT even on a restated basis is down, just wanted to understand what
the reason behind this is and what are the sustainable margin under this new form ofreporting
that you are carrying out?
The new form of reporting we will give you a guidance of 15.7o/o to l6.5oh and we continue
with that guidance. The cash profit has been in line. As far as the current financial year is
concerned, there has been an increase in the employee benefit expenses ofwhich Rs. 12 crore
or there about is attributable to 40 senior and mid management employees who have been
recruited to cater to the future business growth of the company which you will see in the
current financial year. So yes, there has been a slight impact on the EBITDA side, but it is still
higher than the guidance which has been provided to you all.
My last question sir, with Wadhwa there were two projects which has been kicked off despite
being a part of our order book for quite a while, have these projects started in terms of accruing
revenues?
The revenue accrual will start from next quarter the design has been approved by the client. So
the activity at the project site has just commenced.
And if you do not mind me asking what percentage of our order book right now would consist
of projects that have not yet kicked offin terms of value?
You already have pointed out those projects. There are no other projects which have not kicked
offthey are all revenue generating projects which form part ofthe order book.
The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment Management.
Please go ahead.
Most of the question on business has been answered. I have few question on the
side, we have highlighted quite extensively use of modem Formwork system as one
Page 5 of 17

Rohit Katyal:
Viraj Kacharia:
Rohit Katyal:
Viraj Kacharia:
Rohit Katyal:
Viraj Kacharia:
Rohit Katyal:
technologies which enabled us to differentiate in market, so just want to understand a bit more
on this. So from where is the push for adopting these system coming from, is it that we are
now seeing demand for builder for using the system incrementally, what is the benefit he is
seeing from adopting this system?
From the private sector point of view, it is just definitely moving towards the time value cycle
chain. Therefore, the adoption of any technology from Formwork persspective is directly
proportional to the time period of project completion. So, for example if a client is looking out
to go each floor in 9 days or 8 days period then they would basically choose an aluminum
Formwork. The same client is wanting to go up each floor in every 4 days or 5 days. They
would opt for a tunnel Formwork. So, it depends on the timeline of a project that is number
one. Number two, there is definitely a surety for the developer that the project will get
completed on time. And therefore, especially after the RERA implementation it becomes all
the more important that an appropriate Formwork technology is used and adopted.
Point number three, yes more and more developers especially in the mature geography where
we are operating or opting for modem Formwork which includes Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai
now even Pune where aluminum Formwork is commonly being insisted by the client and so
also in Delhi NCR. So answering your question, we are seeing a huge demand from all other
clients in the private sector for the modern Formwork which is here to stay and increase. The
positive is that even now govemment is insisting for monolithic casting which clearly
highlights the intent of the government that it would like to move from conventional
technology in Formwork to the modern Formwork system and that augurs well for players who
are already having experience and possessing we know of using modem Formwork.
And even now traction for these systems even in mid-size projects?
As I explained to you midsize, large size or small size the time cycle will basically drive the
client towards taking a decision on the modem Formwork and which Formwork in the
category he would like to go for.
From our prospective, how many sites we are using this technology and what impact it has on
us in term of P&L, balance sheet or ROI?
As far as our projects are concerned 1007o ofour projects use one ofthe various technologies
which we have been highlighting number one. Number two are existing EBITDA already
factors the benefits of usins such modem Formwork.
And how much investment we would have made so for and how are we looking to scale this up
as this is looking up more of an outright model or you are also looking at rental or more asset
light model first.
When the project is of a large duration, then maybe we would like to own the asset
the project is of a very small duration let say 9 month to 18 month depending on
Page 6 of 17

Viraj Kacharia:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Chintan Seth:
Rohit Katyal:
Chintan Seth:
Rohit Katyal:
Chintan Seth:
Rohit Katyal:
Chintan Seth:
Rohit Katyal:
We maintain the guidance as
basis.
of CAPEX the company may opt to go for rental also, if you look at our net assois from the
Core assets perspective which you just asked it is Rs. 306.56 crores at the moment as on 3lst
March, 2018 and the asset tumover is obviously clearly more than 4 which higfrlights ttrat
these assets are being moved and being reused very effectively.
What kind of investment we are looking for with this added Rs. 75 crore CAPEX?
So 75 crore is the budget which is based on the order book which the company ltas and this
obviously about 607o of that would again go in the Formwork system which we jusi discussed.
The next question is from the line of Chintan Seth from Sameeksha Capital. Please !o ahead.
Are there any one-offincome in the previous quarter.
margin is much higher than we are reporting cunently?
Can you repeat the question?
I mean we have our reportgd EBITDA
In Q4 17 our EBITDA margin is excess of 20% so I was just wondering whether tliere are any
one-off beings or lower expenses which led to such compassing the EBITD1 margin
compared to what we are reporting right now.
I would like to reiterate what I have been telling earlier for a construction company a quarter
should not be looked at, at least a year-on-year view should be taken. But there iS no one-off
benefit which has accrued in any quarter as such.
Our guidance is on the margin front is around l5o/oto 160/o.
15.7%oto 16.50/ofor the full year basis and not quarteFon-quarter
In terms of order inflows and guidance in terms of how we are looking at given the broader
environment in pertaining the shares been quite robust as you mentioned about the
Maharashtra new refonns on the land and FSI, so how do you see your ordering dpvironment
improving from FYl9, FY20. So last year we did around Rs. 2,200 or 2,300 crore inflow what
are your expectation going forward?
We would again say that the order inflow would be directly proportional to pwo things.
Number one the client quality which we have been speaking on quarter-to-quarter basis with
you all that is number one. Number two, we would like to maintain an order back log of
approximately 2.8 to 3 times of our future revenues which would result that at lqast we will
have to book order worth 1,800 crores in the current financial year. Given that fhe existing
order book itself is very strong. We are more than confident of achieving that, since we have
already started booking new order in the cunent financial year. And as explained during the
last quarter conference call our order book inherently has a strength to gow by Rs. I

Chintan Seth:
Rohit Katyal:
Chintan Seth:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Manjit Buaria:
Rohit Katyal:
E
ED
require a minimum of Rs. 1,800 crore in order book to ensure that we are at approximately 2.8
to 3 times in March 19 for the revenue of 19-20.
Lastly, on the receivable front again happening on the working capital side, how do you see
that improving as all the contracts are already being amended under the GST and the collection
should start improving henceforth so that is one. And second needed an update on bill
discounting and bank guarantee release which you have indicated in the first two call about Rs.
100 crore of bank guarantee will release is in the process where are we standing right now?
So on the collection front we have already seen substantial improvement in the first two
months as I speak to you today. So, as I mentioned earlier we believe that over the next two
quarters or little more we will be at a similar prior level of about 65, 66 days as we were
earlier. So, this was a one off because of GST. We in to the best of our knowledge believe
worst is behind us. Number two, you said about sale bill discounting. So, if you compare year-
on-year our bill discounting that is discounting of bill certified bills as on FYl8 was Rs. 89.54
crores which as per the earlier accounting standard never formed a part of the debtor it was
netted off. However, as per IndAS that needs to be added and that therefore your debtors
increased by Rs. 89.5 crore which is a bill discounting arnount.
Your third question is regarding the retention. The retention amount as on 3lst March, FYIT
stood at Rs. 96.5 crores, the retention for the current financial year is approximately Rs. I 10
crore or there about. Assuming that the Rs. 65 crore was the new retention which was deducted
in the current financial year. It means that Rs. 50 crores ofretention or little bit more has been
released in the current hnancial year. This will continue, and we believe that it will add about
Rs. 25 to Rs. 30 crores in cash flow in the current financial year also.
Is this similar to bank guarantee releasing from the client that you mentioned?
That is the same thing I mentioned. We have Rs. 65 crores as our new retention which could
have been recovered by the client which has not happened because we gave the guarantees.
Now we are furnishing additional guarantee to the clients and which means we are hopeful that
these Rs. ll5 crores should come down by Rs.25 crore Rs. 30 crores hopefully over the
current financial year that means no new deduction to happen and further reduction to happen.
We will move to the next question from the line of Manjit Buaria from Solidarity Investment.
Please go ahead.
I have two of those the first one is when customers work with you like your Godrej or any big
organized player, is there a limit intemally they have say x percent of their total projects
cannot be with more than one outsourced developer like you?
No, there is no such policy that we are aware of. If they have some internal guidelines
obviously we would not be aware of that. However, we have completed two
Godrej like you just mentioned the name of the client and we have two repeat
Page 8 of 17

Manjit Buaria:
Rohit Katyal:
Manjit Buaria:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Prem Khurana:
Rohit Katval:
Prem Khurana:
Rohit Katyal:
from them. And we have been invited to bid for all their upcoming project. So that gives us a
sense that there is no such guideline which we know about.
My second question sir is on the return on capital in this business when the management thinks
about it what is the peak retum on capital given the nature ofbusiness you are in, do you think
is achievable in this business. And I come at this from the point that now even your numbers
are going to be published, so would customer give a push back in terms of making so much
return on capital as a B2B service provider, so I need better pricing, so how does one think
about peak retum on capital in this business?
So if you are asking me that what the client would think about the retum on capital which we
are giving. Generally, the client would look at the quality and the pricing and timely
completion. The return on capital for contracting company is directly proportional on how
quickly, how much on time and what efficiency at which they execute the project and that is
what it leads to a satisfied client. So as I told you earlier the client will be more bothered about
the project being completed rather than our return on capital. But to inform you the retum on
capital employed for the current fiscal stands at 16.23% as opposed to a higher percentage last
financial year due to the increase in the equity base due to IPO which happened this financial
year. So I hope I have answered your question.
Sirjust one follow up ifI may, so I understand sir what has happened this year as result ofIPO
proceed. I am thinking ofbit more long-term let say 5-7 years into this on a very steady state is
this a business you think which would be in some sense capped at around 160/o, l8%o retum on
capital or it has a potential to go beyond it is what I am trying to understand.
Obviously before the IPO the business was growing at about 27%,28% from return on capital
employed prospective. So obviously we believe that there is potential. However, we cannot
forecast what is going to happen over the next five year, but we are committed to improving all
the parameter which are important for ROC of the balance sheet.
The next question is from the line ofPrem Khurana from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead.
Sir just small clarification first one I want to understand the order backlog that we gave has
that been adjusted to GST because I mean now GST would not be a part of your top line, so is
that been adjusted to the GST component or is it still including GST?
So it was excluding ta,res earlier it is excluding taxes now. The GST impact of Rs. 185 crore
which I mentioned has already been adjusted and order backlog has been shown as net ofGST.
And on this amortization I think in your opening remark you said you have provided for
accelerated amortization in this here around Rs. 5-odd crore, what does that pertain to
amortization? sorry I had missed you in that part?
So as I just told you that Rs. 108 post-GST amendment reduction in order backlog was
crores. Now the amortization of site establishment is based on the cost expenses
Page 9 of 17

Prem Khurana:
Rohit Katyal:
Prem Khurana:
Rohit Katyal:
Prem Khurana:
Rohit Katyal:
Prem Khurana:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Amit Jeswani:
That is right, but the entire hit was taken in the current quarter with once the entiro
amendments were in place.
Sir when I met you 
ng about some change
for your formwork, 
again raised questiohs
formwork which is 
that the idea is to kind
be able to have it as operating expenses that are amortizing it over a period of timei So I mean
have we made any progress, is the idea still there or do you feel comfortablp with this
amortization policy that you have now?
As I told you this discussion was only pertaining to aluminium formwork which ftrms about
purchase.
Just one last 
e to share how is the bid pipelinf for you as
ofnow, how 
a bid for or you would have alr$ady placed
the bids and
So 
pipeline 
10,000 crore fof the clients
wh 
and we 
sector as I havp explained
ear 
our bids 
by all the reputQd names in
the industry, we would be invited by them as and when they call for bids. With ourj experience
and the sense which we have, there is enough projects which these existing client which will
be launching and even if we do not add any new clients we are confident of acfieving the
target which I just mentioned a few minutes back.
We are looking at around Rs. 1,800 odd crore inflows?
I said that Rs. 1,800 crore or below is something which is required to ensure
backlog is 3x ofthe future revenue book.
that the order
The next question is from the line of Amit Jeswani from Stallion Asset. Please go altead.
Long-term receivables we got Rs. l5 crores ofnon-current receivables, does that
builders are paying us late?
Page 10 of 17

Rohit Katyal:
Amit Jeswani:
Rohit Katyal:
Amit Jeswani:
Rohit Katyal:
Amit Jeswani:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Vijay Gour:
Rohit Katval:
Vijay Gour:
No, that is a part of the retention. So retention is split into two, cunent assets and long-term
assets. When I spoke about the entire figure of Rs. ll5 crore if you add that it will add up to
the same figure. So it is not that the builder is paying, we have limitations on bank guarantees.
Once we issue bank guarantee, the same amount from long-term assets we will move to current
assets.
Sir about FYl9 what kind of revenue run rate is likely because we have said that we are doing
about Rs. 143 crores in December in the last call, but this quarter we have done somewhere
around Rs. 127 crores odd, so what kind ofrun rate do you expect going forward?
So the order backlog is Rs. 5,682 crores. All the projects are operational. So, you should see a
decent growth rate. As we are not giving guidance on the revenue , but obviously given the
order book which you have we have shared with everyone the completion period also we have
shared. I am sure that the company will have a good and reasonable growth rate.
Sir, we have zero impact on commodity prices going up right?
Zero impact.
Sir, in the working capital cycle only because of the receivables coming down we expect a
working capital cycle to get corrected to 65 days again?
Yes, that is the only difference which is there. So, your receivables have gone up due to GST.
We expect it to correct marginally in March quarter which has not happened because the
amendment came up in March and April and therefore the bills got certified in February and
March of the last financial year and therefore we do believe that in the current quarter and the
coming two quarter there should be reduction and we should be at the e arlier levels of debtors
which was 65 days, 66 days. And obviously when the debtor level will fall, the networking
capital level will also fall by likewise period.
The next question is from the line of Vijay Gour from First Global. Please go ahead.
Sir, my question is here our raw material cost has gone up for year-on-year on a quarterly basis
and yearly basis, could you share raw material mix?
So you have certain orders where in the certain cost are booked under the construction
expenses because it was L plus M contract. So, when you add both ofthese. So ifyou look at
year-on-year basis and you add both of it then you will get a realistic figure adding both ofthis
will give you a reflection that the cost has gone up by approximately t0l.5Yo but that is normal
to happen either way in a construction business.
On a quarterly basis it has gone up a lot.
Page11of17

Rohit Katyal:
Vijay Gour:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Rakesh Jain:
Rohit Katyal:
Rakesh Jain:
Rohit Katyal:
Rakesh Jain:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Abhijeet Vara:
Rohit Katyal:
It has gone up 7%. Our construction expenses have fallen by 6%. So, therefore I sdid there are
certain contracts issued with L plus M in that particular quarter and therefore I re{uest you to
compare the full year.
the information EBITDA marsin?
I do not have the information handy, but we shall share it with you, if you could wrlte to us
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Jain from Asit C Mehta. Please go ahefd.
I have just a follow up question on the raw material eost, so you said that there is n$ impact so,
is it an immediate pass through which we have with our client? Is that immediate lass through
month-on-month which is there with the client.
It may get billed in the same month or may get billed in the particular quarter tha{ is the only
difference.
So for this particular quarter, did we had any sort of impact which is left and will bq seen in the
next quarter?
That is captured at cost in the work-in-process and obviously we will get build in thls quarter.
What would be your guidance for the next year top line like you mentioned for tlte Rs. 1,400
crore for last year on adjusted basis we did manage to do that but for next year what are you
guiding now?
As I explained in the earlier question or maybe a couple of questions ago we as a pglicy are not
giving any guidance on the top line. But we request you to look at the order backlog the quality
of it and all being operational projects. We believe that there is good scope for the company to
grow in the current financial year and the next financial year.
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Vara from Sundaram Mutua Fund. Please.go
head.
First question is on the cash balances I think Rs. 200 crores of cash balance is still pending
from IPO proceeds, so if you could give a broad idea is to when it will be utilized to how as
well as in the remainder what is the free cash you have and what would be against margin
money?
So the total cash is about Rs. 320 crores ofwhich approximately Rs. 100 crores or thereabouts
is against the guarantee and remaining is free cash. Second point it will be utilized over the
next 6,7 quarters for the new projects which the company is starting. We have received
Page 12of 17

Abhijeet Vara:
Rohit Katyal:
Abhijeet Vara:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Sandeep Jadwani:
Rohit Katyal:
Sandeep Jadwanil
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Devang Doshi:
track projects like from Tata Trust where the company would be deploying wofing capital
from this pool which it has placed.
So the subsequent question is the debt will not corporate because we have suffi{ient castr it
will support next couple of quarter growth?
My second question is on the other financial assets what is this entry sir, it seefns to have
increased year-on-year?
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Jadwani from Narnolia Securities Lt{. Please go
ahead.
My question is related to the short-term bonowing sharp jump in the short tenf bonowing
despite having a huge IPO cash so some clarity on that?
the other hand this is a real reduction in short term bonowing.
And a couple ofdays back you intimated the Stock exchanges about deviation ofu$age ofIPO
money, so any comment on that?
There is no deviation at all.
t
SX
Page 13of 17

So the first project is on the Tardeo which has already started. I do not have the detail
completion period handy. The second project is for the mall at Worli, it is a mixed trsed project
commercial plus residential and it will start by end ofquarter I ofthe current finangial year.
Rohit Katyal:
Devang Doshi:
Rohit Katval:
Moderator:
Shirish Rane:
Rohit Katyal:
Shirish Rane:
Rohit Katyal:
Shirish Rane:
Rohit Katyal:
Shirish Rane:
Rohit Katyal:
Sir, one more question in regard to Godrej you spelled out
projects are coming up?
in your reply that Godrej two
No, what I mentioned is that two projects for Godrej have already been completed by Capacite.
We have received the two repeat orders already which form part of our order book and we
have been invited for all their future projects also that earlier question was pertaining to that
whether Godrej has an intemal policy of restricting the number of projects per contract to
which I have replied this. We do not know of any of such intemal policy of theirs.
The next question is from the line ofShirish Rane from IDFC Securities. Please go ahead.
Sir couple of question. When do we have a contract from a developeq do you give you some
sort ofearly completion bonus or do they penalize you ifyou overshoot the timeline?
Yes, there are all times penal clauses that normal to any contract government of private.
However, so far over the last 5 years we have never been penalized in any ofthe contracts. As
far as bonus is concemed, they are generally contained in the govemment contfacts, but a
couple ofour contract now also contain bonus clauses.
In the private sector they do not give bonus especially after the RERA has been implemented?
After the RERA has been implemented the timeline and drawings and the holdup have seen to
exist that is the positive. At the moment, I can only talk about the existing order book only two
of the orders have bonus clauses. I am sure that going forward the private devQlopers also
would like to incentivize early completion, but I can talk about the order book whigh cunently
we have.
Just from a clarity standpoint when a developer gives you an order they put in a hard date in
terms of start date and the stop date?
That is all is there otherwise the clause will hold no true. So you have a mobilizatiQn date, you
have a startup date, and you have a completion date and at times you have interirh milestone
dates also. And that obviously is dependent and established on the basis ofdelivefables from
both the client and the contractor side.
In case there is let say some issue after you started working on a site and there are sbme delays
because ofclient standpoint. Then has it ever happened to you in the past or how is it handled?
Definitely it has happened many times in the past especially in the pre-RERA regilme and the
contract generally has cost compensation clauses and the company has already recEived
Page 14 of 17

Moderator:
Rohit Khatri:
Rohit Katyal:
Rohit Khatri:
Rohit Katval:
Moderator:
Vijay Sarda:
Rohit Katyal:
Vijay Sarda:
Rohit Katval:
when we say received means money received into the account of nearly Rs. 40 crores to 45
crore on account ofsuch cost compensation over the last 4 and 5 years.
The next question is from the line of Rohit Khatri from Religare. please go atread.
Sir, you mentioned that your EBITDA margin would be around 15.7%o to l6.5yo and you are
cunently at 16.7%o, could you highlight the reason you think the margin would deprease from
here on as well?
We believe that the guidance is given on the basis of cost to complete which is available with
the management at a particular appointed date. And if the execution plans out befter there is
scope of expansion in that EBITDA margin. However, obviously we would like to maintain
the EBITDA aI15.7o/oto 16.50/owhat we have been achieving over the last 3 years.
Can you highlight what debt level are you looking at going forward and you expect the debt to
reduce going forward or would it increase in the opportunity ofbusiness which is there for the
company?
Excluding bill discounting which is backed by certified bills or bill of exchanges from the
client, our gross debt is at Rs. 150 crores at the moment in time. We do not see ani/ reason for
it to go up that answers your question hopefully.
The next question is from the line of Vijay Sarda from Crescita Investment. Please go ahead.
I just wanted to understand in terms of the finance cost basically the guarantegs that you
provide, so all project we have to provide 5% guarantee and basically in terms ofthe finance
cost ifl suppose you are doing Rs. 1,360 crore turnover. So, is that how much is the cost on the
non-fund side of the revenue? So basically, is it half percent of the sales when oire needs to
take, or 1olo sales is a non-finance cost?
So ifyou look at the last financial year FYl8 ofthe total Rs. 39.75 crores offinance cost bank
guarantee commission stood at Rs. 474 lakhs, processing charge stood at Rs. 260 lakh and pure
interest without adjusting for inflow of interest, we are talking about only outgo stood at
approximately Rs. 20 crores. Other bank charges which means discount charges, IrC charges,
LC opening, all the other charges stood at 12 crores. So this is the breakup ofRs. 29.7 crore.
When you adjust that by the income received on interest by the company that get reduced to
approximately Rs. 20 crores, but as a matter of presentation we are showing the grpss interest
only.
So basically, if I adjust Rs. 4.5 and Rs. 2.7 then bank guarantees and maybe 0.5% f the sales
because as every project we complete we need to give 4%oto 5o/o warrantee for 2 years or 3
years?
So it is not like that it is depends on contract to contract you generally have a
guarantee of 5%. You have an advanced guarantee ranging to 5%o to l0% and th
Page 15ot 17

Vijay Sarda:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
Mayank Goel:
Rohit Katval:
Mayank Goel:
Rohit Katyal:
Mayank Goel:
Rohit Katval:
Mayank Goel:
Rohit Katyal:
retention or security deposit guarantee that is a 5% which otherwise the client would hold from
your RA bills. Now this collectively is20o/0, but of this the l0% given to as advance gets
released periodically as the advance is recovered to the performance guarantee is released on
virtual completion so it is linked to the period of the project and the retention in99:9%ocases is
released at the end ofone-year from the deadline ofthe project.
Last thing in terms of growth that you talked about, so basically you said is a reasonable good
growth basically going by the turnover so is it fair to assume l8%o to 22o/o kind of growth for
next 3 years?
I would love that happens. Our order book is suggestive. You are more qualified than me to
judge that, but you can be sure about the strong balance sheet from Capacite.
The next question is from the line of Mayank Goel from B&K Securities. Please go ahead.
Just had a couple of queries and wanted to clarifr something. As we expect strong demand
coming from the housing segment which almost covers around 85o/o of the order book, just
wanted to understand how do you view this split as, I mean do you consider this as an optimal
mix of 85% or are you going to increase it to further level also for the residential pogtion?
So the residential portion was 100% as on 3l st December, 2017 . On an enhanced order book it
is now 85%.
Do we have any intemal target split, any desired ratio which we view?
Our intemal guidelines to our marketing department is that quality of client is of paramount
importance. Geography whereby the management bandwidth does not get over stretched which
impacts the profitability, so these are the two guidelines. Whether it is a commercial building,
whether it is institutional or residential, it does not make too much of a difference. llowever, at
the moment we are looking at projects with faster completion as we have the requisite working
capital to plough.
Sir, in terms of margin profile I just wanted to understand which of the type of orders are more
lucrative to you either residential or commercial or you are indifferent to both of them?
Super-high rise obviously given the very few players, would be the highest draw as far as
EBITDA is concerned followed by design built and there are many other category thereafter.
Next I wanted to ask you regarding the competition which we see as I understand on the
private side we generally get repeat order from the existing client, but with respect to the
govemment ordering or getting a new client on board private client, how do /ou see the
competition in the sector. Basically, what is the diflerential between the bid placed?
As I explained earlier also that there is no difference in the approach. The client quali
important number one. Number two, in the private side we are qualified by practigally
Page 16 of 17

reputed clients whether you call them develope
Mayank Goel:
Rohit Katyal:
Mayank Goel:
Rohit Katval:
Moderator:
Rohit Katyal:
Moderator:
players which you all are aware about and maybe it changes by couple ofEPC pl{yers in the
geography where we operate I mean to say. In the govemment side, it is more rel{vant to the
paper qualifrcation and lower the size of the project, higher the competition and olviously we
are not competing or bidding in that place.
Sir could you help me with the share of govemment order?
Zero.
Our revenues not from inception are net oftaxes. The only thing is that the last ye{r's tax was
60/ofrom service tax prospective and VAT was sometimes included, sometimes 50lo, sometimes
7%, However, the GST is l8%. The difference between this 9% and l8% that 9% ig the impact
on the revenue which has already been factored in the current financial year. Thergfore, when
you look at the receivables on number ofday that stands inflated or increased becfause ofthe
GST amount also.
Ladies and Gentlemen as this was the last question today. I now hand the conferehce over to
Mr. Rohit Katyal for his closing comments. Over to you sir.
Thank you very much and look forward to seeing you again. Bye-bye.
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and Gentlemen on behalf of Capacit'e Infra Projpct Limited
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect
your lines.
Page 17 ol17
