GEOJIT
PEOPLE YOU PROSPER WITH
3
.
0.05 2018
To,
The Manager,
Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
'Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block - G,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Sandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
Ph.No.022-26598100
Scrip Code : GEOJITFSL- EQ
To,
The Manager,
Listing Department,
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001.
Ph. No.022 22721233
Scrip Code : 532285
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub : Transcript of Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meetings
Pursuant
to Regulation
30 of SEBI
(
Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations
2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript
of the
4QFY2018
Earnings
Conference Call held on May 17, 2018 at 3.00 P.M.
Thanking you,
For Geojit Financial Services Limited
..
'
Liju K Johnson
Company Secretary
Geojit FinancialServicesLtd. (formerly known as Geoiit BNP Paribas Financial Services Ltd.), RegisteredOffice: 34/659-P,Civil Line Road, Padivattom,
Kochi-682024. Kerala. India. Phone: +91 484-2901000, Website: www.geojitcom. For investor queries: customercare@geojit.com, For grievances:
grievances@geojit.com, For compliance officer: compliance@geojit.com. Corporate Identity Number: L67120KL1994PLC008403, SEBI Regn Nos.
Research Entity INH200000345, Investment Adviser INA200002817, Portfolio Manager INP000003203, Stock Broker INZ000104737, Depository
Participant
IN-DP-32.5-2017, ARN Regn.Nos:0098,
IRDA Corporate Agent (Composite) No: CA0226.

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Geojit Financial Services Limited 4QFY18 Post 
Results Analyst Conference Call” 
 
 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:   MR. C. J. GEORGE – GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MR. SATISH MENON – GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR:     MR. AADESH MEHTA – AMBIT CAPITAL 

Page 2 of 9 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
 
Moderator:                           Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Geojit Financial Services 4QFY18 Post 
Results Analyst Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes.  Should you need assistance during the conference call,  please 
signal an operator by pressing „*‟ then „0‟ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aadesh Mehta from 
Ambit Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Aadesh Mehta:                     Thank  you,  Stanford.  Good afternoon everybody and  welcome to  Geojit‟s fourth  quarter 
earnings call. To discuss the results, we have the entire senior management team led by Mr. C. 
J. George and Mr. Satish Menon.  May I request the management  to take us through the 
financial highlights, subsequent to which we can open the floor for a Q&A session. Over to 
you, sir. 
 
Satish Menon:                       Thank you, Aadesh. Good afternoon everybody. This is Satish Menon here. I will take you to 
the key points of the fourth quarter and then some performance indicators, post which we can 
open for Q&A. 
 
In terms of results, the revenue for January, February, March 2017-2018 quarter was Rs95.66 
crores which is 20% above the same quarter last year and 5% down from the October to 
December preceding quarter. In terms of expenses, expenses were Rs65.57 crores which is 
19% more than last year and 4% down from the preceding quarter. Profit before tax was 30.08 
crores which is 21% up from the last year. Profit after tax is Rs19.27 crores which is up 26% 
year-on-year and 8% down from last quarter. In terms of split of revenues, we have already 
uploaded the shareholder presentation to our website. I hope some of you would have been 
able to see that. Therefore the benefit of others, I will take you through the split of incomes and 
how it has grown . 
 
Equity and equity related income has grown to Rs66.14 crores which is 16% up YoY and 8% 
down from the preceding quarter. Financial product income which primarily comes from the 
income from distribution of mutual fund, for 4Q, it was Rs12.75 crores which is 78% up YoY 
and 9% up from the preceding quarter. Software income was Rs4.31 crores which is up 10% 
YoY and same as the preceding quarter. Other income was Rs3.9 crores, 35% up YoY and 7% 
up from the preceding quarter. So, total operational income is 23% up YoY. That is as far as 
incomes are concerned. 
 
In terms of SIP, we ended 4Q with total SIP plus STP book of Rs165 crores, of which Rs143 
crores is SIP and Rs22 crores is STP. December-end, this number was Rs142 crores total 
which was spilt into Rs119 crores of SIP and Rs23 crores of STP. Year-on-year, our total book 
increased from Rs88 crores which was in March 2017 to Rs165 crores in March 2018. 

Page 3 of 9 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
In terms of total SIP numbers, we have 3,26,000 SIPs running as of now. In terms of mutual fund 
AUM, mutual fund AUM under Geojit ARN code is 3,273 crores as of end-March 2018. This 
is compared to 2,017 crores end of March 2017 which is a growth of 62%. Compared to 
December 2017, the growth is nominal. December 2017, the AUM was 3,210 crores, only a 
growth of 63 odd crores. This is primarily coming from the dip in the stock prices. So, January 
was a good month. February and March, we had seen the market fluctuating downwards and 
that effect is seen in the AUM. Though we added 290 crores net inflow in the fourth quarter, 
the increase in the AUM is showing only 63 crores primarily because loss in value due to the 
market movement. That is what I have to say in the opening remarks. 
 
Aadesh, we are open for Q&A now. 
 
 
Moderator:                           Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Saurabh Dhole from Trivantage Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Saurabh Dhole:                    My  question  is  with  respect  to  the  equity  and  equity related  income  which  has  seen a 
sequential fall. So, what exactly would this be because of the general markets correcting or are 
there any other reasons? 
 
Satish Menon:                       Thanks, Saurabh. This is primarily coming from the brokerage revenues. The market for the 
last quarter that is January, February, March in terms of volumes was lesser than what we saw 
in October, November, December. January was a fantastic month for the industry. The 
brokerage in January was the highest for some time for Geojit. But February and March was 
not so good month. So, the dip compared to October, November quarter is coming primarily 
from the decline in the market volumes for the industry itself, similar to what happened with 
Geojit. 
 
Saurabh Dhole:                    And how the yields holding up in the cash and derivatives market? Have they been kind of 
stable in this particular quarter? 
 
Satish Menon:                       So in terms of yield, yield has remained more or less steady but there is a small change in the 
mix of business of day trading and delivery. When we talk about the blended yields, blended 
yields for 4QFY18 is 0.047 which was 0.055 in the December quarter. In terms of equity 
yields, equity yield is 0.156% compared to 0.168%. So, the yields have remained largely the 
stable, but in terms of composition change, the overall blended yields have slightly come 
down. Also, you would have noticed that the percentage of delivery volumes have come down 
in the market itself. So, lots of non-delivery volumes are happening, which is reflected in the 
blended yield going down. 
 
Saurabh Dhole:                    And in terms of volume mix, what kind of volume mix are you seeing? Or does Geojit 
traditionally have between cash and derivatives? 

Page 4 of 9 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       So, it is more or less the same for the financial year 2018. Here 26% was cash market and 74% 
was F&O. For 4Q ended March 2018, it was 25% and 75%. So, it largely remains at that level, 
 
25% cash and 75% is derivatives. 
 
 
Moderator:                           Thank you. The next question is from the line of Digant Haria from Antique Stock Broking. 
 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Digant Haria:                        Sir, what was the stoppage in this entire January, February, March like? Did you see any 
specific kind of customer who stopped the SIPs or? 
 
Satish Menon:                       So, post the budget we thought that there could be stoppages. So the initial days after the 
budget when we saw, some stoppages happened, and some redemption in the first four days of 
February. But when the month ended and then March ended, the redemptions were not so 
much. If you look at our quarter-wise figure for the whole quarter in terms of net inflow to 
the total inflow for this 4Q and 3Q it remains steady at 56%. So, we have not seen major 
percentage change increase in stoppages or redemption. 
 
Digant Haria:                        So, this 56% is more or less what? Can we now say that it is probably our stable run rate, 
obviously market fluctuations can change this but? 
 
Satish Menon:                       It can be better also. 
 
 
Digant Haria:                        I understand that last 2-3 months have not been great at all for the market. But what have we 
done at the marketing level at the client on holding level or how are we seeing traction 
building over the next 2 years because markets may not be as buoyant as last 12 months? But I 
think, what are we trying to do at the ground level or at the client level to ensure that we more 
or less have this financial distribution story it continues to have its traction? 
 
C. J. George:                         George is here. We continue to give lot of importance to financial products distribution. So, if 
the market is down in our view that should not affect either our strategy or in terms of our 
business because we will be able to give more focus towards distribution, particularly the SIP 
distribution. So, there is absolutely no doubt in our mind with regard to the future potential as 
far as SIP is concerned. Position SIP as an instrument for long-term wealth creation and it 
should not affect ideally the short-term fluctuations in the market. So, even if the market is 
down, market is volatile, we educate clients and we continue with our effort to increase our 
SIP business. And there is absolutely no doubt in our mind with regard to the focus that we 
give for distribution business. 
 
Digant Haria:                        And just in terms of this entire marketing campaign which we had which was print plus online 
and sorry not print but mainly online and on the hoardings like have you seen like visible 
difference in terms of enquiries or … 

Page 5 of 9 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
C. J. George:                         So, online of course, we also started Funds Genie, which is an app whereby people could 
directly come, they could do financial plan, they could invest. So, we started seeing traction in 
that business although it is only baby steps at the moment. But it is really interesting to see 
around 30,000 downloads of the applications in first couple of months itself. So, in terms of 
the digital advertisements, of course we are seeing good response. But with regard to the 
returns
advertisement 
 
the
 
on
 
spends etc. which is something for the long term. So, we do not
 
  
think
measure 
can
 
we
 
this accurately with regard to the impact of this advertisement. 
 
Digant Haria:                       
 
And just  in terms  of this 44,000  new customers that we added  like  how  many of  what 
percentage would probably be completely new to Geojit ecosystem? 
 
Satish Menon:                       Which 44,000? 
 
 
Digant Haria:                       Sir, the SIP customers, the number of SIP customers that we added for this quarter, I think, if I 
 
read that number right, 45,000 yes. 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       That is the number of SIPs. Let me give you the client statistics. We sold close to 77,000 new 
clients last year that is 2017-2018, of which 57,000, our clients who did not have SIPs with us 
earlier. It means 74% of the clients whom we have sold SIPs last year did not have any SIPs 
with us. 
 
Digant Haria:                       And these 57,000 could be your existing broking customers or outside the Geojit ecosystem 
both, right? 
 
Satish Menon:                       Correct. Let me give you a split of that also. Out of the 77,000 clients, 60% are the clients 
whom we have recruited after we started our objective of SIP building. 60% came in the last 2 
years. 
 
C. J. George:                         This was new. 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       New clients to Geojit. 
 
 
Moderator:                           Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Modi from Maybank. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Vishal Modi:                         Just one question on your recent announcement to enter the asset management space. So, what 
is the strategy there and what are our business plans and by when do we see this business scale 
up plus what will be the kind of investment, etc.? 
 
C. J. George:                         Yes, that is true that we did announce the setting up of an AMC. What we have planned is an 
AMC only to do passive funds. We wanted to have a direct product, our own product also and 
that will not be into active asset management. So, one idea of that is we did not want to have 
the usual conventional journey with regard to the cost, etc. So, this business in our view will 

Page 6 of 9 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
pick up in India also passive funds business. So, currently our plan is very clear, we will only 
have passive funds, not active funds. 
 
Vishal Modi:                         So, more like ETFs, right? 
 
 
C. J. George:                         That is right. ETFs, index funds and debt funds, etc. We will also have PMS in that AMC. We 
will probably build the PMS, we will transfer our existing PMS, but it is small, nothing great 
at the moment. So, that will be that business and we will not get into active fund management. 
 
Vishal Modi:                         The second question is also what would be the kind of cash that we have around more than 400 
crores now on the balance sheet? So, what are the plans for that? 
 
C. J. George:                         Of  course,  we  will  need  some  amounts  for  setting  up  of  AMC  as  the  minimum capital 
requirement is 50 crores. So, we will need that capital for the AMC and then you would have 
noticed that we declare 200% dividend so really continued to be liberal and whenever there are 
opportunities that are available in the distribution space, wealth management space, good 
boutique firms at right valuation, possibly we will look at inorganic opportunities. 
 
Moderator:                           Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from HDFC Securities. 
 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Madhukar Ladha:               Sir, can you please split the broking revenues into the different components of the pure broking 
revenue plus the BTST charges or the delayed payment charges or the margin funding charges 
for the quarter and for the previous quarter? 
 
Satish Menon:                       The split of income is like this. Brokerage was for January to March 2017-2018 was 57 crores 
compared to  47.49  crores a  year  back  compared  to  61.98 crores  in October, November, 
December. So, that is the primary item in this segment. Balance is the BTST, overdue fees 
what we say that was 4.14 crores compared to 3.49 crores a year back and 3.83 crores October, 
November, December quarter. DP services was 4.26 crores for JFM 2018 compared to 5.3 
crores JFM 2017, compared to 5.1 crores October, November, December 2018. These are the 
primary three components. 
 
Madhukar Ladha:               And what part of our capital is employed for these activities in terms of margin funding or the 
 
BTST book? How large is that book? 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       So, we have a small book or in average the outstanding position including T day, T+1 day 
anywhere ranges from 100 to 130 odd crores. 
 
Madhukar Ladha:               And what will be the strategy around that? And how much do you charge for it approximately? 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       So, we have different schemes. On an average , we charge 18%. 

Page 7 of 9 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
Madhukar Ladha:               Sir,  on the mutual fund distribution side, how do you see the direct plan affecting your 
business plans? And there are now I believe several websites also offering aggregate, the kind 
of aggregators to investing into various mutual funds using the direct route. So, some views on 
that and how do you think about it? 
 
C. J. George:                         See, what we have seen is a very marginal kind of impact in terms of very negligible impact at 
the moment with regard to the direct. But at the same time, I must acknowledge the fact that 
the people who all from the financial services industry or including the banking, the people 
who are associated with this industry who are literate, they are the people whom we have seen 
shifting towards direct. Otherwise, most of the people I must tell you that in a retail brokerage 
environment, our experience is around 97-98% of the people they are still looking for some 
advice from us, some information from us. So, we are not seeing that kind of an impact as far 
as the direct is concerned at the moment. But at the same time why should a Geojit employee 
invest through Geojit, I find no reason. They should be investing directly. So, that number in 
this country is not very small. So, that is what we are seeing at the moment. Otherwise, we do 
not see any issue with regard to our clients universe, we are not seeing any significant shift 
towards direct . 
 
Satish Menon:                       I would like to add, if you see slide number 11 of our presentation, we had given you split of 
what comes direct. Direct in terms of AUM around 15% overall and in
 
B15 
 
of
 
terms
 
it is 3%  
and
it 
 
T15
 
for
 
is 12%. This is for the industry, not for Geojit. 
 
Moderator:                           Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal Asset 
 
Management. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Atul Mehra:                          Sir, just one question in terms of why we look at the passive funds? So, is there a business plan 
to substitute mutual funds with passives in a longer term, is that a rational for getting into 
passive asset management because at this point in time you could pretty much sell any passive 
product available in the market. So, why set up an AMC to do that? 
 
C. J. George:                         Number one, we want to have our own product in the market but at the same time, your 
question is right. What is the difference it can create, but we are of the view that we can make 
a difference and then it is a low cost kind of environment, we are not going to get into this 
active fund management but in our view, this difference is likely to be much larger. But I must 
confess one point, we are not looking at Geojit distribution to be large while selling passive 
funds. So, we are not banking on that. 
 
Atul Mehra:                          And within passives, would we look at pure ETF or would you look at smart beta or is there a 
thought process on that? 
 
C. J. George:                         I do not think we can at the moment get into minute details of the business plan. We are yet to 
do that. 

Page 8 of 9 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
Atul Mehra:                          And  secondly sir,  in terms  of the  broking  business,  the environment  typically is getting 
towards hyper competitiveness. So, in terms of we have had recent launches where we have 
had Kotak come up with free internet trading. So, how do some of these elements impact us in 
the longer term and so, just may be for book keeping purpose how much would say intraday be 
percentage of broking income for us? 
 
C. J. George:                         See, as far as we are concerned, traditionally we have been giving low importance to the 
intraday as well as retail-side derivatives, etc. And we are of the view that these businesses will 
eventually, significant part probably could shift to online. In the online space particularly on 
the intraday segment, there is likely to be a pressure. So, we are aggressively building our 
investment advisory based business and also be distribution strategy that we built around that 
is basically this is of long term ambition in mind. So, we are not investing big amount of 
resource into that very highly competitive, commoditized online brokerage space. 
 
Satish Menon:                       To give you a split of income, you wanted the spilt of income between four assets segment. 
17% of the brokerage income comes from F&O, around 10% comes from day trading, balance 
comes from delivery business. 
 
C. J. George:                         This includes online and offline. 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       Yes. 
 
 
Atul Mehra:                          So, bulk part of it is pure delivery trading? 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       Delivery trading. 
 
 
Moderator:                           Thank you. The next question is from the line of Digant Haria from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Digant Haria:                       Sir for this quarter, whatever new customers we have on-boarded or maybe for the whole 
FY18, how many of them would be like B30 and how many would be from T30? Or sir, 
should we use T30 and B30 now or? 
 
Satish Menon:                       Digant, yes from April onwards you have to use the term B30 and T30. We still are yet to get 
the pincode differentiation from the AMFI. Most of the people are still trying to decipher 
which pincode comes in B30 or not. But may be in the next 15-20 days, we should get clarity. 
In terms of number of clients, it is roughly in the same percentage of our offices. Since we 
are not aware of the pincode, Digant we will not be able to accurately say that it is 65% or 
60% but roughly it should be the same. 
 
 
 
 
Digant Haria:                       So, sir roughly 60% should still be from B30, very rough number. I know exact number may 
be in the next call you can give us but… 

Page 9 of 9 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
May 17, 2018 
 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       Yes. 
 
 
Moderator:                           Thank you. 
 
 
Satish Menon:                       I would just like to make one announcement. We will be doing this
 
the
The
                                               
 
after
 
doing
 
be
 
will
 
hope
 
we
 
call
 
next
 
 
basis.
 
half-year
 a 
on
 
only
 
call
 
 
meeting.
 
the
 
close
 
to
 
you
 
to
 
up
 
it
 
                                                
leave
   I 
Stanford.
 
much,
 
very
 
you
 
Thank
 
results.
 
six-month
 
 
 
Moderator:                           Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ambit Capital that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
