Huhta i-PP[
May,2018
The Department of Corporqte Services
BSE Limited
P J Towers, Dalal Street,
MUMBAT-400 00L
Fax No. : (022ll 227 2 3t21./ 31 19 / 2037
corp. relations@ bseind ia.coin
Ref: Security Code No.: 509p20
Sub:
Dear Sir/Madam,
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Huhtamaki PPL Ltd.,
Encl: As above
Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/L, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400 051
Fax. No. (022l.26598237 I 8
cmlist@nseindia.com
Ref: PAPERPROD
18 in relation to the conference call on the
r the quarter ended 31't March, 2018, please
conference call held on Wednesday 9th May,
Kindly take the same on yo(rr records.
Transcrlipt of Conference Call held on Wednesday, 9th May, 2018
- Legal
HUhtamaki PPL Ltd. (FormerryThe paperproducis Lrd.)
Central Headquprters : L. B. S. Marg, Majiwade, Thane - 400 601. Maharashtra, India.
Tel No.: 191 (22) 2173 5591 / 5551, Fax No: +91 (22)2172 5599 / 56s0
Reg_Off: 12A-06, B;Wing, 13th Floor, Parinee Cr$scenzo, C-38/39, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 0S1 , Maharashtra, India.
Tel No.: +51 (2216174 0400 Fax No: +91 (21)6174 O4}',t / 2653 1310, CtN No; t_ZtOtt tr.4HissorLct+sss7, website: www.ppi.huhtamaki.com
Company Secre

Page 1
Transcript
Gonference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited
Event Date / Time
Event Duration
Presentation Session
9th May 2018 3 PM IST
36 min 01 sec
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to
Huhtamaki PPL Limited 1QCY18 earnings conference call hosted byAditya Birla Money
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines are in listen-only mode now. Later, there will
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note
this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Jaymin Trivedi
of Aditya Birla Money. Thank you and over to you sir.
Jaymin Trivedi:
Good afternoon everyone. We welcome to the Q1CY18
earnings conference caill of Huhtamaki PPL Limited. Today from the management, we
have Mr. Parag Vyavahare, CFO of the company. To start with the call, we will have a
brief update from the management on the results, after which we will open the floor for
questions. Over to you sir.
Parag Vyavahare:
Thank you Jaymin and thank you moderator. Good
afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to this investor's call for the Q12018
results of Huhtamaki PPL Limited. The results were cleared by the board yesterday and
they are there with you" The key highlights of the current quarter I will say is that we
have been able to log a good sales growth of 7 .8o/o vis-d-vis last year same quarter. The
PBT has been up by 11.60/o and EPS has grown by 9.3%. Two other highlights I would
like to add of this quarter, which are relevant, which you would I like to know. We have
announced the acquisition of the Ajanta Packaging Limited, a partnership firm, on a
business transfer agreement basis, on a slump sale basis, wherein we will be acquiring
their whole of the business within India for consideration of Rs.100 crores. The
transaction is yet to be c;losed and be subject to the usual customary closing adjustment.
So, this transaction will enable the company to strengthen and consolidate its position in
the labeling business and hence we are very happy to talk about that acquisition.
Second thing, in the current quarter we also have done...we have added a one-of-its-
kind digital printing maohine, which is a wide web printing machine, which we have
added to our portfolio, and which has given us a start in a differential product category.
So, these are the two good news for the quarter to share with you. With that, I would like
to hand over the mike back to the moderator, and I am now open to the questions.
Thank you very much.
Quesfion and Answer Sessr'on
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Parag. We will now begin the question and
answer session. lf you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page2
and wait for your turn to ask the question. lf you would like to withdraw your request,
you may do so by pressing * and 1 again.
Sir, the first question cornes from Mr. Sunil Kothari, Unique Investments Consultancy.
Sunil Kothari:
Thank you very much. Good afternoon Parag Bhai.
Congratulations on a reiasonably good set of numbers. Sir, my basic question is this tax
rate seems to be 45 plus percentage, which I understand mainly because of your
interest, seems to be not deductible (not sure) that is the reason. So, when we are
giving thought on repaying this debt we have taken as an NCD from our parent
company?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, this NCD repayment is, as you know, it is a bullet
repayment due in January 2020. Obviously, we also do have the option of prepaying
this NCD. However, it neally depends as to how does one get what kind of cash flows
and the surpluses. So, depending on that we would like to take this call and then we will
decide based on that thing as to when do we repay this loan, or do we refinance towards
the end.
Sunil Kothari:
Because, is there, I mean 7o/o fiat of tax is the cost to us, so I
think, that's why I thought that why should we not go for some, maybe it was given at the
right time, we have really used this very well. But when we are having cash flow, if we
can pay that part also, that will help us a lot.
Parag Vyavahare:
See, last three years, post the, this thing, have been
reasonably tough; post the acquisition, because of the economic situation, turned out to
be slightly adverse cornpared to what was originally envisaged. So, obviously, the
growth rates have been subdued in this period and hence the profits, what we have
earned, and the cash that we have been able to generate, let's say, has been subdued,
because of the overall situation, which you have been the witness over the last three
years. So, obviously, that has put some limitations in terms of how much cash we can
afford to spare at this point of time for the repayment of the loan. And as you rightly
pointed out, as the loan is at a very, very cheap rate, and it is from the parent company,
we have always the option. But, we thought that it is better to use the cash more
productively in the business, either to repay the existing other cost-free loans or
undertake the more productive internal capex investments, or the acquisition like Ajanta
Packaging. And then we said post that we will look at repayment of the loan, because
that is not such a major hurry. Because, overall, if you look at it, our debt-equity ratio is
less than 0.75:1, which is quite reasonable, and it is not something, which is not such a
burden to the company iat this size of the operation.
Sunil Kothari:
No, sir, my thoughts, I mean, my point of view is, say,
suppose you take NCD from any Indian entity, from mutual fund or somewhere where
this corporate deposit is available between 8, 8-112o/o, and if you are paying a 30o/o
taxes, 35% is our normal tax rate. Then our effective cost comes around 6% or less
than 6%, and now you are paying 7o/o. So, there is a difference between this interest
cost. Because you are not allowed to deduct as an expense in terms of Indian income
tax act, so that's why you are paying 460/o, 5oo/o tax. so, ultimately, your cash outgo is
more than 7oh, I mean, if you could tax calculation when it is eflectively costing you more
than 9. 9-112o/o.
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Parag Vyavahare:
Page 3
I would not like to look at it that way and I would not like to,
you know, preempt the oonclusion at this point of time. One, you will agree, we will have
to do a bit of wait and wiatch and allow the situation to pan out.
Sunil Kothari:
No, I am not arguing. What I am trying to convey is this is
the posttaxTo/o you are paying, so pre-tax if it is available at 8,8-112o/o, why it should not
be substituted with, that is my point of view, but anyway, I mean, this is my point of view,
I would like to communicate.
Parag Vyavahare:
There have been considerations behind this. So, it is just not
you take one loan and substitute it with other loan. The challenges could be almost
similar, and it may not solve the problem, it rather may aggravate the problem. So,
hence we would like to be more cautious rather than trying to just, running for a pit
solution for the issue.
Sunil Kothari:
Yeah. And, your thoughts and strategic intent behind this
buying out Ajanta Pharnna....apparently, it looks like 80, 85 crores everyone is giving for
the company and we are paying 100 crore plus, so how important it is and how profitable
it is in terms of future cr)urse of this company? Why we are behind this small 80 crore
company, being at 200 crore plus revenue having?
Parag Vyavahare:
Understood. See, as you know, we have this Webtech,
which we acquired in 2012,if you remember, that's roughly around 100 crore business
what we have been having. And as you will recall, Webtech has been more focused on
the pharma segment anrd it is a very niche business and has been doing quite well.
Now, the Ajanta Pharma is also into very similar kind of product business. However, the
customer concentration is very less, is not towards the pharma, but rather it is towards
the FMCG side. And hence, we thought, and hence we find this business to be very
complementary to overall our strategy and it enables us to get a good growth in the
FMCG sector from the labeling business point of view, and also it is quite nicely
profitable, so overall, it's the profitability. And that's how you consolidate your position in
the pressure sensitive labels market. You are getting a profitable business, good asset,
good innovation capability, good technical availability. So those are the pluses what we
saw, and hence, we would not like to look at that, okay, this is small compared to my
size, this is large compiared to my size, and hence I should go only for the large. No,
sometimes you may not like to go only for the large acquisitions. You may also like to go
for the smaller acquisitions, which add a niche value to the overall value proposition,
which you are trying to c;reate in the market place.
Sunil Kothari:
Correct. And how scalable, or possibility of scaling up those
business over the next three, five years?
Parag Vyavahare:
It is scalable. You expand it...as the FMCG customer
expands and they grow, you will grow along with them, and you should be able to
capture the growth, which that particular sector offers you. So, that opportunity is there
very clear-cut. So, as much scalable as, let's say, the Webtech or let's say the other
labeling businesses are there. So, it is quite scalable. lt is just the question of you being
at the right time at the right place and having right set of infrastructure to be able to
serve the customers.
Trianscript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 4
sunil Kothari: 
correct, correct. Great, so Parag Bhai, again, this same
request, yesterday you have done presentation at AGM, so please report it either under
PPL website or please supply to, I mean, provide it through BSE website, I mean,
through stock exchange...
Parag Vyavahare:
Sunil Kothari:
Parag Vyavahare:
Sunil Kothari:
Moderator:
so just give time to them today also, and it will be put on the website, that is what is the
plan.
Sure, sure.
Up to now it is not available, so that's why I am...
No, no, it will...you know, the AGM just got over yesterday,
Thank you very much.
Thank you sir. Sir, the next question comes from Naushad
Chaudhary from Systematics.
Naushad Chaudhary: Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions I have, first one
sir, you talked about you have added this digital printing machine in this quarter, so if
you can elaborate much on this, you know, what is the cost of these machines and what
is the expectations you have from this, and how it is going to add value to the business?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, right now, you may have seen in the market, Coke has
launched this campaign, share my Coke, you know, you would have seen that thing.
You know, share my coke with my brother, sharing coke with my sister, sharing coke
with my amma, you know, and it is done in different languages and different, different
messages. So it is a case of variable printing. So, the digital printing gives us a different
technological kind of capability. lt should not be compared to the regular gravure or the
flexor printing that we do. lt has a completely different capability, wherein differentiated
and highly variable message or content or design kind of products can be produced, and
that is what we have been doing here in the case of the coke, which is a very large
campaign, which we have been running for them. So, that's the capability it has got.
Now, as one can see, tl'ris is a large investment, which we have done, and to that extent,
it is a bit differentiated and futuristic technology. So, it will take time for the various
different kinds of applir:ations to set in, but the opportunities are there. The digital
printing, because digital printing hits very well the, few of the things, which, let's say, the
gravure or the flexor cannot do or some of the variabilities which are required, or some
of the variations you need to carry out, or some of the other things you need to carry out,
which this gives a good opportunity. And that's where we see that this particular
technology will be a good fit. And it will aid our growth in that area, So, this is our first
step towards, I would say, digital printing.
Naushad Chaudhary: So, if it is not yet commercialized, then the business from the
client's side is coming from the prototypes only at this time, right?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, no. lt is very much commercialized, and it is executing
right now the commercial orders, very much executing the commercial orders. The coke
my share, I mean, share my coke is already in the market, very much.
Naushad Chaudhary: Okay. And how this machine cost to us?
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 5
Parag Vyavahare:
I didn't get your question, sorry.
Naushad Chaudhary: What is the cost of these machines?
Parag Vyavahare:
I think, let's not get into that very specific, because this is a
very different technology and guarded technology, so at this point of time I may not like
to put specific values on those things. But it will add a good capability to our product
portfolio, that's what I can tell you for sure.
Naushad Chaudhary: Okay. Lastly, in terms of utilization, if you can share how it
was in this quarter? Capacity utilization?
Parag Vyavahare.' See, this machine started towards the first, second week of
February it has started, and it has had very good utilization, almost I can say, it will be
more than 70%.
Naushad Chaudhary: And this is something very new we have started; it was not
before with us, right?
Parag Vyavahare.' That's right. We had earlier small digital printing machines,
but they were very small, and they were narrow web digital printing machines. This is
the first time large forrnat, or what do you call, the wide web format digital printing
machine, this we have put for the first time. And this is one of the first in the country.
Naushad Chaudhary; Okay. And overall utilization, if you can share sir, in this
quarter?
Parag Vyavahare.' We have been roughly at around, I will say, we are close to
around, somewhere between 80% to 85%, I would say. We have been running quite
chock-a-bloc.
Naushad Chaudhary; Of your 105 lakh capacity, right?
Parag Vyavahare:
That's right.
Naushad Chaudhary; Okay, thank you so much. That's it sir.
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. The next question comes from Kaushik
Poddar from KB Capital Markets.
Kaushik Poddar: 
4o/o of 27.5o/o from last year 6.4 or 6.5%. So, when you are
talking of an incremental growth of 1o/o, how...
Parag Vyavahare:
on the phone, moderator?
Moderator:
Parag Vyavahare:
Excuse me? Sorry, how some different voice started coming
Sir, I think he got dropped out sir.
Okay, fine.
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

and valuations, means, at what EBIT to EBITDA this deal was done. means...
Parag Vyavahare:
No. We would, see, we are bound with some other
confidentiality clauses, however, I can share that as what has been disclosed in the
public place, is that this is roughly around 80, 85 crore turnover company, and we are
acquiring it for 100 crores on a debt free, cash free basis. The...
Moderator:
Sumangal Investments.
Vipul Shah;
Vipul Sfiah;
Parag Vyavahare:
VipulShah;
Parag Vyavahare:
Vipul Shah:
Parag Vyavahare:
Vipul Shah:
Parag Vyavahare:
Vipul Shah:
right?
Parag Vyavahare:
VipulShah;
Sikkim?
Vipul Shah;
down?
Parag Vyavahare:
Page 6
Sir, the next question comes from Mr. Vipul Shah from
Hi sir, can you share any financials of this Ajanta Packaging
80, 85 crore is the turnover of the company, is it?
That's right.
But it is a profitable company?
Yes.
And it is a debt free company.
No, no, we are acquiring on a debt-free basis.
You are acquiring on a debt-free basis.
Right.
And sir, one new unit at Guwahati has gone in production,
Yes, yes.
So, are there any tax breaks for that unit, Guwahati and
So, effectively, how much you can expect tax rate to come
See, the impact of the tax, the impact will be very less,
Parag Vyavahare.' Yes. See, both the units are eligible for the income tax
benefit as per the policy for the setting up of the new units in the northern states, so both
units are eligible for that thing.
because as you see the size of the company has become very, very large. At best, the
situation, both the units probably will be able to add roughly, I can say, somewhere
between 90 to 100 crores of turnover, to the total of 2100 crores of turnover. So, you
can see that, probably it contributes 5%. So the tax rate impact only, if you see, the tax
rate will be 35% if you take it, it is not going to be more than 5% of that, which will be
let's say 1-112to 2oh max, not more than that.
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 7
VipulShah; 
And sir, lastly, regarding this digital printing technology,
means, can we say five years down the line, means, substantial portion, I mean, one-
third or one-fourth of our turnover may be coming from this technology? Means, is it
feasible?
Parag Vyavahare:
Slightly difficult to say with very clear-cut conviction at this
point of time, because see, the digital has been in the marketplace for some time and we
have seen the evolution of the digital. But digital does have certain advantages, but also
it has limitations. So, I will say, each of these technologies, with the flexo, gravure, or
digital, each has their relative advantages as well as disadvantages. And hence, one
cannot really say that okay, digital will go on a straight basis and replace everything, I
think, it is very difficult to say at this point of time, because there are certain advances
yet, which have to take place, and also one needs to bear in mind, there is a lot of
capacity of the gravure and flexo sitting on the ground in the economy. So how does all
that equations really pan out, one really will have to see that thing.
Vipul Shah:
Moderator:
with two questions.
Equisearch.
Bharati Mundhara:
Okay sir, thank you.
Thank you sir. Participants are kindly requested to restrict
Ithe next question comes from Bharati Mundhara from CD
Good afternoon sir. Sir, in one of your previous con calls
you had mentioned that you are exploring other overseas markets. So, could you please
throw some light on why you are doing so?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, basically what...see, if you remember in one of the
earlier calls I had mentioned, that with the...oil prices having come down, one of our
major markets for the e,xports has been African markets. So that has not been doing
quite well, because there had been the issues of the.....because of the oil prices have
fallen, other commodity prices also had fallen, and because of which many of these
countries were facing currency availability issues. So, the exports growth in those
markets were bit subdued, and that is where we saw there was opportunity and hence
we have started looking at other geographies where we could go and capture the
resources growth. And that's where we thought of looking at other geographies like USA
or Europe.
Bharati Mundhara:
So, sir what's the status on that and have we been able to
get orders from these overseas markets?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, USA, we have been... you know, North America, we
have been exporting, I rnean, okay, with a reasonable good success. Europe, is the one
area where we are yet to.....we are, just are about to start that process. So, it will take
some time for us to reallv make a breakthrough there.
Bharati Mundhara:
So, then like, are we undertaking any specific steps in order
to get into the European markets?
Parag Vyavahare:
Specific steps, basically, see, the manufacturing will occur in
India, you need to have some kind of base in Europe wherein sort of a distribution stock
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 8
or trading hub, may have to be there etc., so we are exploring all those possibilities, and
we are trying to see as to how we can work in a best possible fashion.
Bharati Mundhara:
Alright. And sir, like, what is the status of the American
exporl market at the moment?
Parag Vyavahare:
No. The African market does have the stress. does have
(not clear), American market, I don't think there is any stress as such.
Bharati Mundhara:
No, no, I am talking about the African market itself.
Parag Vyavahare; Sure, sure. So African market trade is still there. Because
the currency availability in many of the markets is a challenge and because of which the
currency availability, also, some of the countries have gone and imposed anti-import
duties, so those definitely are causing the disturbances. So, the stress is still there,
definitely.
Bharati Mundhara:
Okay. And sir, my last question
difference do we see for digital printing and from the printing
till now?
is, what kind of a margin
that you have been doing
Alright sir. Thank you so much sir.
Thank you.
Thank you. The next question comes from Kunal Bhatia,
Parag Vyavahare:
I would not like to, it is slightly very premature, Bharati, and I
would not like to put specific numbers on those at this point of time, because these are
highly sensitive and competitive information.
Bharati Mundhara:
Parag Vyavahare:
Moderator:
Dalal and Broacha.
Kunal Bhatia: 
Yeah sir, thank you so much for the opportunity. sir, you did
mention in terms of the utilization is that 85%, just wanted to know by FY19 or'20 end,
what is the additional capacity we would be having and what total capacity are we
planning to reach at?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, as I had earlier mentioned, we are planning to do a
capex of around roughly 125 crores to 130 crores in the current year; so, which will be
on adding the new lines, so probably we are looking at adding couple of lines in the
current year. Plus, we are trying to look at some of the different format equipments, you
know, which will aid in terms of acquiring different technologies or adding different
formats of packaging. You know, of course, as an extension of the festival packaging
and also some amount of capacity balancing. So, all that put together, we are looking at
these activities. And those expansions should get.....some expansions will get
completed by the end of the 2018, some of them will get initiated in '18, and they will get
completed in '19. So, that capacity will come into stream in a gradual way, because, you
remember, last year we had expanded by way of setting up the unit in Sikkim and
Guwahati, so which that capacity came into stream in 2017 and now that capacity has
seen through, the ramp up is happening there. Similarly we are setting up capacity in
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 9
the current year that we will see a ramp up through'18, and some capacity also will
come in stream in '19.
Kunal Bhatia:
Okay. And sir, so you mentioned that the effective tax rate
should come down to 35o/o, if I am not wrong?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, no, I didn't mention that thing. I didn't mention that thing.
It was in reference to, in general, somebody was asking whether what happens if
because of the this thing, something, in a general context it was said, it was not specific
anything, and I didn't make any separate statement as to the tax rate will come down to
35%.
Kunal Bhatia:
Okay. So, post these expansions with the kind of tax
benefits, which we would be having, as you mentioned, you were saying that even two
plants would be eligible for tax benefits, so do we see the tax rate coming down to those
levels or. because...
Parag Vyavahare:
No, no. lt will take some time, no, no that
take...because there are certain contentious issues because of which the tax
tend to be high for another couple of years or so.
Kunal Bhatia: 
Okay. And sir, finally, in terms of the digital
machine, which you have added, just wanted to know, what kind of market
looking there and what kind of an opportunity you are looking for?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, basically, these will be very value added and niche
products, where the customer wants to bring out something different. As I mentioned,
you know, in this...l don't remember the exact numbers, but when we were doing this
Share my coke campaign or the coke campaign, which is being run, it is..... I mean,
multiple messages in multiple languages are there, so the messages, which are there on
each of the can, are different. So, is a very well printing kind of phase, so these kind of
options you can create. So, basically, it really depends as to how what can, you know,
the opportunities which will be, niche opportunities or certain specific opportunities,
which the market place will offer, that is where this technology will be used. lt is not (not
clear) thing, gravure or (not sure) cannot do this thing for that thing, it is mainly more
suited toward the short run, but niche jobs, which require different kind of technical
inputs or different kind of technical applications. That's where this technology will be
more useful.
will not
rate will
printing
are you
markets we are serving, what kind of competition is there, what kind of pressures of
pricing situations we will see in those market places. So, really, it is slightly premature to
commit like that thing.
Kunal Bhatia:
Parag Vyavahare:
Kunal Bhatia:
currently...
Parag Vyavahare:
time.
So, in that case, the margins could be 2, 3x vis-d-vis...
I would not...see, that would really depend as to what kind of
Yes sir, but it will be at least better than what we have
See, we just began, so let's pause that question for some
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Kunal Bhatia:
Moderator:
Kaushik Poddar:
Parag Vyavahare:
Poddar from KB Capital Markets Private Limited.
Kaushik Poddar: 
See, GDP of India is supposed to grow from 6.40/o lo 7.5o/o
this year. So, do we see that kind of improvement, say 10o/o,15% improvement, say, the
revenue growth growing to say, mid double digit?
Parag Vyavahare:
Our aim is that Kaushik. I mean, we want the economy to
growatthatT.3o/o,7.4o/o. So,itisexpectedthatthe,asyousaid,theeconomywill grow
at73% and economy structure should grow better in the current year compared to, let's
say, past, so we expect that we being the direct suppliers of the packaging material to
the FMCG sector, that growth should translate for us as well and then that's what our
efforts are concentrated towards that.
Kaushik Poddar:
Okay. And, is your target only FMCG companies, or you are
even targeting even pharmaceutical companies also?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, we target both, but of course, the bigger segment from
our business portfolio will be the FMCG, because pharma is a different application,
because they are more into, as you say, either into tablets or into tablets with a strip
packaging, or into the bottles. So bottle is not packaging in which we are there. We do
provide for the labels of the bottles.
Kaushik Poddar:
Okay. And lastly, recently, the crude has started moving up
quite sharply. So, will that impact your bottomline?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, at that, I had earlier also explained in terms of calls
when you probably would have been there, is that, see, what happens, always it
happens is that in our industry, we have something, what is known as the raw material
pass through mechanism, wherein the raw material cost starts rising, we have to pass
on the increase to the customer and understanding is there with the customer that the
increase will be passed on to them. However, and also vice versa, which is you know, if
the raw material price is decreased, the decrease also will be passed on to them.
However, there is a...only the challenge that one faces is that this can never be on a real
time basis, there will be some lead and lag in that thing, right, and so to that extent the
impact starts coming.
Kaushik Poddar:
Okay. So this impact will be for one month or something, I
mean, how much time does it take to pass it on?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, it depends on the... customer to customer it can take
anywhere between one month to four months.
Page 10
Okay, fine sir, thank you so much.
Thank you sir. Sir, the next question comes from Kaushik
One month to four months.
That's right.
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 1 1
Kaushik Poddar: 
And one more question, I mean, you have said that your
taxation will be on the higher side all the time, I mean, the position remains the same,
inspite of all your acquisition and all?
Parag Vyavahare:
Kaushik Poddar:
tax rate?
Parag Vyavahare:
Kaushik Poddar:
Kaushik Poddar:
Moderator:
Okay, thank you.
Thank you sir.
Yes, yes.
Okay. And what is the kind of taxation you are looking at,
Around 43o/o to 45o/o.
And two, three years down the line, will it be coming down or
it will continue like that?
ParagVyavahare; lt should...it is expected after two, three years, it should
come down.
The next question comes from Chirag
Uderani from Emkay Global.
Chirag Uderani:
Sir, one of my question was on crude, which has already
been answered. My other question is that in one of the con calls before, we had
mentioned that capex would give about 250 crores of revenue on the higher side. I want
to know whether this capex was the same as the digital printing machine or this is the
capacity expansion, other than...
Parag Vyavahare:
No, digital is one of the part of that thing, and apart from the
digital, there is other capacity expansion plan, and which is on the way.
Chirag Uderani:
ls there any allocation that we can do to the digital printing
machine, like additional revenues or incremental revenue?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, at this point of time we would not like to put specifics,
because it is new technology, it is a nascent technology, so one really would have to do
sort of market seeding and development activities. So, it is into that sort of a learning
and development scheme it is there.
Chirag Uderani:
this machine?
Parag Vyavahare:
because there are sensitivities around that.
Chirag Uderani:
Moderator:
Systematics.
Okay. And how much capex has been done specifically for
That, I would not like to put specific numbers to that thing,
Okay, thank you sir.
Thank you sir. The next question comes from Ankit Gor from
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Page 12
Hi boss, thank you for taking my questions. Sir., first
Ankit Gor:
question with regard to this Gwalior facility...
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit Gor:
Guwahati or Gwalior?
Sorry, Guwahati, extremely sorry. Sorry Guwahati facility, do
we see...what is the ramp up there sir? What is the capacity utilization? What is the
current capacity? lf I remember correctly, it is a 5000 tons sort of capacity is there.
What is the utilization?
Parag Vyavahare:
No, no, it is not 5000, it is not 5000, it will be more like 4000
tons or so should be the capacity. And right now, we are roughly at around 650/o t6 70o/o
capacity level utilization we have reached.
Ankit Gor:
Okay. And sir, what, you were facing problems with regards
to Positive Packaging, we understand that Positive Packaging, particular that unit was
exporting much, much higher, and do we see any respite there? | understand that you
have given some commentary with regards to African markets and these things; but as
the crude price is going up, given the purchasing power of those economies will
increase, so what's your sense on overall exporteconomy, sir?
Parag Vyavahare:
Ankit, slightly early in the day to comment on that thing, it is
vis-d-vis sort of early offshoots or early green shoots, whatever one can say, so, slightly
premature and early to comment on that thing. One will have to really do wait and
watch, because you know, those economies have suffered for almost three to four years
with the oil prices being down. Now, you know, just for last one, one-and-a-half quarter,
two quarters, when the crude prices have started going up it is very difficult to predict the
recovery of the losse$, because, you know, the losses, or the troubles or the pain
through which those economies have gone, in last four years and adjustments, all the
changes which are this thing. For one to really come out of that thing, all and come back
to the normalized situation of operation, will take some time. So, it is slightly difficult to
predict because one does not know how long this situation of the pricing, oil prices, or
whether it will stabilize or whether they will further keep on going up, you know. So, one
will have to do wait and watch.
Ankit Gor:
Agreed with that sir. And sir, this year should we see a kind
of double digit kind of a volume growth? What's the sense from our customers coming
in, and what does the order pipeline look like to you sir, for this year?
Parag Vyavahare:
See, Ankat, as you know, as a policy we do not give the
guidance. So, because it is difficult for me to give specific number terms of that thing,
but what we feel is that, with the economy set to grow at 7 .3o/o, and FMCG sector should
grow in a reasonably good double digit, our effort will be to catch that growth, our effort
will be to catch that growth.
Ankit Gor:
Okay. And sir, do you see some more acquisition coming in,
for sure, but on the labeling front, if I am correct, only the company called Zercon is the
third largest...so, do we see this acquisition spree going on and what's the sense sir, if
you can, obviously, with some kind of confidentiality, if you can geride us there?
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited

Parag Vyavahare:
Fage 13
No, there is nothing specific to talk on acquisition at this point
of time, because you know, see the acquisitions really depend on as to how do they help
you to further your strategy, or niche growth, of certain specific technological
acquisition...for technology you are trying to do acquisition or for innovation capabilities,
or certain geographical space, or for certain specific customer base you are trying to do
that thing. lt really depends on that thing. So to make a generic statement that our,
whether we will do more acquisitions, or we will do less acquisitions, that is slightly very
difficult to comment like that thing. lt really depends on the kind of opportunity and
whether we find the right fit for that particular acquisition in our overall scheme of things,
and we have the right amount or kind of price and funding for that thing.
Okay sir, thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you sir. There are no further questions. Ladies and
gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. You may disconnect youri lines
now. Thank you and have a pleasant day.
lVote;
1. This document has been edited to improve readability.
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible
words.
Ankit Gor:
Moderator:
Transcript - Conference Call of Huhtamaki PPL Limited
