Our intensity.
Your agility.
Date: June 27, 2018
Symbol: NSE - INTENTECH;
BSE Scrip Code: 532326
To,
The Manager,
Listing Department / CRD
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Fort
Mumbai - 400001.
The Manager,
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor; Plot No. CIl
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400051
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Submission of Transcript of Conference Call with Investors and Analysts
Pursuant to Regulation
30 of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations
and Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations,
2015,
we are enclosing
the transcript
of Conference
Call with Investors
and
Analysts held on Friday, June 1,2018, on recent financial performance of the Company.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Intense Technologies
Limited
K. Tejaswi
Company See
ary & Compliance Officer
Encl: As above
Inl0s~
Intense Technologies
Limited
A1,Vikrampuri,
Secunderabad - 500 009.
Telangana, India
T : +91 40 44558585
F: +91 40 27819040
E: info@inlOstech.com
CIN - L30007TG1990PLC011510
Our Global
Offices:
Dubai I Florida I London I Singapore
www.in10stech.com

 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Conference Call Transcript 
June 1, 2018 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Intense Technologies 
Limited Earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Ms. Shikha Kshirsagar from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, Madam. 
Shikha Kshirsagar 
Thanks you, Lizann. Good Afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on 
Intense Technologies’ Q4 FY ‘18 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. 
C. K. Shastri – Founder and Managing Director of the company; Mr. Jayant 
Dwarkanath – CEO; and Mr. H. M. Nayak – Head of Finance and Administration. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in this call 
maybe forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the earnings announcement shared with all of you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Shastri to make his opening remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
C. K. Shastri 
Good Afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you very much for taking time for 
this earnings call. For those people who are new to our company, I just wanted to 
give you a brief background about our company. We are an enterprise software 
products company, based out of Hyderabad, India. We have customers across 45 
countries across four continents.  
We address the entire digital customer life-cycle of most of our enterprise 
customers. We are primarily leaders in the telecom in India, leaders in insurance, 
and we also have started banking industry. If any of you would want to know more 
about what we guys do, what is our thing, I will take those questions as we go 
along. We had a very, very challenging year last year with the impact of a very 
large managed services contract which we had taken up. It had hogged up our 
management bandwidth, the financial bandwidth, and resource bandwidth.  
I should really thank everyone who had supported us in these difficult times. The 
entire, my team who stood up and showed character in terms of resilience and 
helping us cut down our cost to see that we sail through the difficult times, and with 
all the teams effort, I would like to gladly tell you that we have really turned around 
the corner with an achievement of Rs. 53.34 crore and the EBITDA of Rs. 13.07 
despite such a big challenge, which we have faced in the last year. 
Overall, I would like tell you that the teams focus was there. We have added about 
two new clients, one in Europe and one additionally from our existing large 
engagement in Europe and one in the Caribbean Islands. These are the new 

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
acquisitions which have come in. We could see through the difficult challenges, 
difficult times primarily because thanks to our commitment towards our customers 
and the way our customers engage us in growing our revenues as we keep moving 
ahead.  
We had also had initiated the cloud initiative which we saw success in Europe for 
that and we are also seeing good traction coming for it. We are hopeful of getting 
some marquee names onboard and because of this, we could not really ramp up 
our sales and marketing in the countries in Europe and US where the return on our 
investments will be much higher. However, going forward we will be investing in the 
Europe and US markets.  
We have also like to tell all of you that we are through with the managed services 
contract, the problems, the stalemate is over. We are operationalizing the contract 
and we look forward to seeing the revenues kick in to leverage the top line and 
bottom line, and I think with this I leave the floor to your question and answers. 
Thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Shyam Boppidi, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shyam Boppidi 
Congrats on the numbers, but I just want to know if the worst is really behind us 
and can we expect a stable set of numbers from here on or do we still see any 
underlying issues? 
C. K. Shastri 
I personally believe the worst is over, we could not have got worse than what we 
what happened last year. With the contracts already in hand and existing 
customers, I definitely would see a better future for us when compared to what we 
had gone through because we have already operationalized the managed services 
contract also, which is going to further improve our performance. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
Just to kind of build on what Shastri has to say on your question on whether the 
worst is over, from our perspective we were always confident that we would get 
past this year despite the entire efforts that was going in operationalizing the 
managed services contract because of our existing engagements, the annuity 
revenue is kind of more or less assured though the lumpiness probably will 
continue to be there for some time more and we want to correct that too. 
Shyam Boppidi 
So the managed service contract, the public sector one, the bottom line is it going 
to add from this quarter or is it going to take some more time? 
C. K. Shastri 
We are working on getting some of it in this quarter. 
Shyam Boppidi 
Do you have the number of clients we have across all the geographies, what is the 
count we have? 
C. K. Shastri 
We have multi-country engagements, all in all if you take it, we have over about 50 
customers. 
Shyam Boppidi 
What is the revenue share, especially in India, US, and UK, what is the percentage 
revenue share? 
C. K. Shastri 
I can give you a breakup of the overseas and India sale, domestic is currently 
about 50.5% and overseas is about 49.5%.  

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Basically, we started putting our efforts in the international market very recently. 
Typically our solutions are mission-critical in nature and being mission-critical in 
nature, what we had to do was that large companies did not want to deal with the 
small companies and risk their business with us. So most of our engagement in the 
early stages of our company, for a very long period, has been going through 
system integrator route of the likes of IBM, TCS, Infosys, and so on and so forth.  
Since the last three years is when we started putting our investments into the 
international markets. We started our Europe operations just about to two-and-a-
half to 3 years, US also the same goes, so if you really speak we have started also 
looking at engaging a lot of customers. We have customers now in the United 
States, we have customers in South America, we have customers in Caribbean 
islands, we have customers in Europe, and we have customers in Middle East and 
Africa. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
If you look at our sales pipeline, I think we are looking at more engagements from 
the overseas market as opposed to what the possible engagements that we will 
have in India, and this is a result of the activity which has happened over the last 
two to three years. 
Shyam Boppidi 
In your presentation you were talking about some cloud initiative and you are tying 
up with AWS and Microsoft Azure, so what exactly is that, are you guys hosting 
something or you are using the platform to? 
C. K. Shastri 
The cloud is the next big thing in the IT business and as you know there are big 
players like Amazon (AWS) Microsoft (Azure), IBM, and Oracle, where everybody 
is vying very, very hard to get a pie of the cloud business. They will do the 
infrastructure and platform services, and it is in their interest also to see that they 
have good product companies to host so that their revenues are there, so there is a 
mutual interest, but in the sense we are also doing some joint go to markets with 
Amazon and with the likes of IBM to see that we get across. To share a point blank 
answer, yes, we are using them to host our solutions. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Sir, congratulations on relatively good set of numbers and so happy to know that at 
least the managed contract is now sailing through. Couple of quick questions, Sir, 
routine, that one is on the 21-country deal, have we made any progress in any new 
country there, that is one? Second on the previous calls you mentioned that system 
integrators have started to really take notice and they have been spending more 
time with us in terms of learning our products, what has happened, has there been 
any traction that has led to revenues in this quarter from them? 
C. K. Shastri 
That is a good question Aejas, the point is that, let me take the first one that is on 
the 21 countries, as you know that we do not have, we only currently have our 
presence as far as sales organization is concerned only in one country that is UK 
and we are engaged in other countries directly and indirectly from UK and India, so 
we have added one more deal from UK in the last quarter and we are building a 
couple of more opportunities in different other countries.  
We are also adding the cloud part of it to the contract, so that the contract is further 
extended. To see that we harness this opportunity which is there, we are definitely 
looking at ramping up our sales force this year. We were very badly constrained in 
scaling up our operations because of this managed services contract and whatever 
we had to go through to make investments to leverage that.  

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
On the SIs part of it, as you know our strategy we have come out with our 
innovative NXT platform. Through that platform, we are having quite a few 
opportunities in Canada, North America, New Zealand, Australia; couple of them 
are in advanced stages. We really do not have a control on the sale or the 
opportunity, but from the feedback what we are having from the specifications of 
the RFP which has come out, it clearly shows a strong case for us, but however, 
these are being driven by the large system integrator, they are the front faces of 
our organization and we are positive, if not this quarter or by next quarter to see 
some orders and results coming in from there, but as I said the caveat or the thing 
is that we do not have the complete sales process in our control of these things. 
Jayant Dwarkanath 
To just build on Shastri’s response, Aejas, the interest from systems integrator is 
just not exploratory, even as we speak now, we are defending proposals in two 
large opportunities. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirban Dutta from Jet Age 
Securities Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Anirban Dutta 
I will have two questions, one is the short jump in Q4 turnover, that is, is there an 
element of one-time license income in that and also is there some contribution from 
the managed services contract? 
C. K. Shastri 
It is a good question, the managed question number one, yes, there is a license 
component in the Q4 numbers and as I have always mentioned in my earnings call, 
whenever there is a license which comes in, it straight away adds to our bottom 
line and that is what has happened to us in Q4. To answer your point number two, 
the managed services contract revenues are not there in Q4. 
Anirban Dutta 
The tenure of the managed services contract remains as earlier, which means this 
year which is FY ‘19, we will get a full year impact of that? 
C. K. Shastri 
Absolutely. 
Anirban Dutta 
Sir, the second question is you have done a remarkable job in cutting costs, the 
employee cost is down sharply in Q4 and even the other expenses are also down, I 
mean I was just looking at the consol numbers for the full year, these two numbers 
added up to Rs. 55 crore last year which was down to Rs. 44 crore in FY ‘18, so 
can you throw some light on how this has been achieved and what exactly …? 
C. K. Shastri 
That is what in my opening address I have told it has been a great commitment 
from our side and we had to cut down and stretch a lot of things, in terms of 
employee numbers also we have reduced and also there has been a serious big 
cut, the senior management had taken to show the commitment in difficult times 
and as we go along we would continue to keep our eye on the cost side of it and 
see that we perform optimally because today the need of the money is more on 
scaling up our sales and marketing as much, so we want to work and we had also 
reduced quite a bit of our resources which we had put on the managed services 
contract also the number of people there, that also has been reduced significantly. 
Anirban Dutta 
Sir, one final question on the balance sheet side, on a standalone balance sheet 
there is substantial number on investments about Rs. 24 crore, which you have put 
into the subsidiaries because on a consol balance sheet, it is not visible, so can 
you throw some light on what kind of investment? 
C. K. Shastri 
We have subsidiaries, the idea of floating a subsidiary for us is to see that there is 
a delivery and presales support from India, basically in terms of getting the visas is 

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
in place, otherwise, we do not need a subsidiary. So what has happened is that as 
far as the Europe is concerned, the contract for the 21-country deal is with 
Luxemburg, but our expenses are happening in Luxemburg, directly with the parent 
company, so all the salaries which were going there as they were going, were 
being shown as advances, thinking that we will start making the billing from the 
subsidiary companies, so with the financial advice coming in, we cannot show this 
as advances and wait for good days in revenues to come, so we have converted all 
the advances into equity in our subsidiaries. 
Anirban Dutta 
This has been done effective this year, first time? 
C. K. Shastri 
Yeah, first time. 
Anirban Dutta 
Finally, one question on receivables, Sir, receivables are any ways where it could 
come down to a more reasonable number, they are about 50% of sales at the close 
of the year? 
C. K. Shastri 
If you really look at it, we have made a lot of, lot of efforts on that in terms of 
renegotiating our contracts and we are putting a whole lot of processes to drive 
these numbers, we have made a significant progress with such a massive impact 
like what happened with our managed services contract, if not for good cash flows, 
we would have been in deep trouble if you really look at it, our debt is very less, 
just to give you an impression, we have about Rs. 27 crore of outstanding which 
obviously it would appear 50%, but more than 50% of that is already been collected 
while I am talking to you. 
Anirban Dutta 
A lot of that outstanding was I think billed in the final quarter? 
C. K. Shastri 
Yeah, Rs. 20 crore is the last quarter if you really look at it and overall Rs. 27 crore, 
out of that we have already collected more than 50% of it, it shows that we made 
significant progress in our DSOs. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utsav Srivastav, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Utsav Srivastav 
I just have two to three questions, one is the tax component for this year is quite 
high, if you see it is close to almost 48% in terms of current taxes that we have 
paid, so can you just throw some light on this, on Rs. 8 crore PBT we have paid a 
current tax of Rs. 3.72 crore, which is huge so any idea? 
C. K. Shastri 
This is as per tax laws, we have done the computation, but I can give you direct 
split. The add back assessment was there to the tune of about close to Rs. 1 crore 
plus. 
Utsav Srivastav 
That is a one-off, right, that will not happen? 
C. K. Shastri 
It is one off. 
Utsav Srivastav 
The other question that I have is employee cost which has come down on a year-
on-year from Rs. 8.5 crore to about Rs. 5 crore per quarter, now that this we have 
started this managed contract will this go all the way up or is it going to stand here? 
C. K. Shastri 
No, we would contain it, but as I have mentioned to the earlier question is that we 
will definitely be investing in ramping up our Europe and US sales and also India 
cloud sales, so the investments will go, but it will not be that significant. 

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Utsav Srivastav 
My question is specifically through the managed services contract, are we 
adequately manned for that? 
C. K. Shastri 
We will not increase anymore on the managed services contract. 
Utsav Srivastav 
We cleaned up the balance sheet, we have written off Rs. 15 crore in the 2017 
balance sheet which you had announced earlier as well, so now that the company 
seems to be coming out of bad days and going into good days, is there anything 
else that needs to be cleaned up or is now everything all done and dusted? 
C. K. Shastri 
The thing is that there is about close to Rs. 2 crore of thing which is there in, what 
has happened is Etisalat Nigeria, which is one of our clients had gone bust and 
then they put up a IP and that has been taken over by the local administration and 
government there, so that will be about to the extent of Rs. 2 to Rs. 2.5 crore, 
Utsav, but we are confident that we will get it back. 
Utsav Srivastav 
Apart from that there is? 
C. K. Shastri 
It is absolutely very clean. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srihari Srinivas, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Srihari Srinivas 
I have a few questions on the managed services contract, my understanding is that 
there was a stand-off pertaining to Phase-1 of the managed services contract 
which is data migration, want to know if this has been resolved, and if yes, when 
could the payment be expected? 
C. K. Shastri 
It is a good question, the point is that what has happened is that there is definitely 
migration revenue, but there are two elements of migration revenue which has 
come as an opportunity for us. One, what happened was that there was a 
confusion among the interpretation of the Supreme Court judgment which had 
come in. They said that all old and new guys have to go through the Aadhar, 
Aadhar based on-boarding for even old subscribers and they were also other 
customers who had done physical on-boarding, that is, physical CAF based on-
boarding which has happened, so as per the first initial contract, we were to do the 
migration of all the physical CAF to digitize it and move into a centralized secure 
zone because this is a very, very critical data. Now, what has happened is that as 
far as the even the way they were dealing with the Aadhar based thing till we 
started moving in, they are also now in silos across the country, we already got a 
clearance for getting that thing also migrated to a centralized place and they are 
also forming a committee to take a decision, you know that being a public sector 
organization everything, not taking a decision is the best thing for them. They are 
also contemplating, they definitely as per statutory legal terms they have to migrate 
to the centralized place and give access to the term cell and LEA part of it which is 
there in this thing. To give you an answer, yes, the migration is on, but the digital 
migration is what we are taking it as priority number one now. 
Srihari Srinivas 
Now, with respect to Phase-2 of the managed services contract, my understanding 
is that it comprises of transaction-based orders like billing others, it was in loyalty 
management, have any of these initiatives been completed and have they gone 
live so far? 
C. K. Shastri 
There are two parts to it, you know that this particular organization has got multiple 
lines of business, one is that they have mobile and significant part of it is also 
landline, landline they have almost all close to 1.8 crore of subscriber base and 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
mobile around 20 to 24 lakhs, so they are divided into different zones, so we have 
gone live with two zones for mobile and the other two zones we are most likely to 
go live and we are on the UAT or the process for even the landline has started, so 
we should be doing for the two zones, hopefully our first billing, next month. 
Srihari Srinivas 
I want to go back to the notice that you had sent to the stock exchange back in 
March on the resumption of the managed services contract, you had mentioned 
that we would be substantially augmenting outlook in the coming quarters and 
broadening the task objectives, can you describe what changes will the managed 
services contract now encompass? 
C. K. Shastri 
The dynamics have changed to some extent I would say that the volumes -number 
of customers onboard have gone up, but the number of customer onboard which 
were physical which had a 60% thing has almost all come down to 4% to 5% 
except in the North-East side of it. So Rs. 2.50 per customer on-boarding is there, 
the volumes have doubled that is a good side of it. The other thing is that 
everybody you know that is looking at monetizing the bill typically. What we have 
done from our understanding is that advertisements on the bills, e-bill and print bill 
is a significant revenue which is not taken into account, but we have already 
started putting our efforts towards how do we augment it, we are trying to register 
with various Government agencies like INPR and other agencies as a registered 
thing and we are also working with the organization also to give us no objection to 
get the advertisements from various sources; that will further add up to the 
transaction-based revenues. 
Srihari Srinivas 
I have a few questions on the revenues posted, so of the total revenues posted 
during the last fiscal year, can you give us the breakup of annuity versus new 
license contracts, has annuities remained flat as last fiscal year which is around 
Rs. 46 crore? 
C. K. Shastri 
Annuity if you really take, 85% of our revenue is annuity and 15% is the new logos 
which we have got that, is licensed revenue. 
Srihari Srinivas 
Our consolidated expense is total Rs. 52 crore and a recall you are mentioning in 
the past that our annuities should take care of these consolidated expenses going 
forward, so the annuity grow year over year and reach Rs. 50 plus crore? 
C. K. Shastri 
Yes, we are pretty confident of that as we go along and that is the good part of our 
enterprise business, as we add new logos to it they will keep definitely adding up to 
the annuity revenues. Of course, there would be some freak cases, but most often 
that is how the trend happens. 
Srihari Srinivas 
Early last year, our product had been recognized by Gartner pertaining to customer 
communications and experience management, I want to know if our product 
specifically our cloud offering has been recognized by Gartner this year? 
C. K. Shastri 
What we understand is from my marketing team is that Gartner has stopped 
publishing the Magic Quadrant reports for CCM on cloud. 
Srihari Srinivas 
My final question is on your goals and what shareholders should expect going 
forward, so what are some of the key goals that you have laid out for the 
management team for the coming fiscal year and what can shareholders expect 
going forward, and also can you talk about your vision for Fiscal Year 2019? 
C. K. Shastri 
Our biggest challenge which we have today as an enterprise business is that our 
selling cycles are long. We have some great compelling value, we are solving 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
some big problems. Our selling cycles are long, so we have to make investment in 
sales and marketing across the regions especially Europe and US, New Zealand, 
Australia where the real money is. These are the markets where massive silos are 
there, so we have to put our whatever we earn back into investments in growing 
these markets and put it and that is a conscious decision which we have taken.  
Being a product company, we have to continuously keep at the cutting edge of 
technologies and innovation, that is where we despite such small capital and 
resources, we have invested in the innovative platform called UniServe NXT where 
we are already seeing some decent traction coming from large system integrators. 
We will be strengthening our sales organization that is through partners and direct 
sales, ramping it up especially to leverage our 21 country opportunity which is there 
in Europe and also significantly look at building partner ecosystem because we 
have trailed the US market because US is a massive potential, but with one sales 
guy it is not possible so we have put up a strategy to see that we have a lot more 
number of partners through whom we go and engage into their customer base and 
go about it.  
All these things, I am very confident will see us through a very good year this year 
and the investments what we make this year should start getting us better results 
the coming financial year also. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Jogekar, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Jogekar 
In reply to Mr. Srihari’s question you said that there are two zones in which you are 
likely to go live and the two zones which may be added in future and you also 
mentioned that there are about 20 to 24 lakh mobile subscribers and about 1.8 
crore landline subscribers, so this adds up to about 2 crore subscribers or so, you 
mentioned that the billing so far as Intense is concerned will be Rs. 2.50 per 
customer? 
C. K. Shastri 
No, this is different, Phase-2 Rs. 2.50 is per customer on-boarding, there we have 
gone live in all the zones and this is for Phase-2 for this bill delivery is what we are 
talking about where per bill delivery, we are getting paid 30 paisa. 
Vaibhav Jogekar 
When you go operational fully in all four zones, what would be the addition to the 
turnover, so far as this segment is concerned and what would be the likely profit 
margin? 
C. K. Shastri 
Profit margin will be pretty good because we have done a computation if all the 
entire mobile and landline goes live, there would be a revenue of somewhere 
around between 50 to 60 lakhs per month on that alone, and that is the Phase-2 bill 
delivery, which will add up to and as far as the customer on-boarding is concerned, 
today they are doing about close to 80,000. Recently, they have even launched 
along with Patanjali which is also being done on our platform, so they have not 
completely switched over from their existing system to our system, but most likely it 
should happen very soon. 
Vaibhav Jogekar 
What would be the impact of this business segment on the turnover, roughly, when 
it is fully operational in all zones? 
C. K. Shastri 
Bare minimum I should look at Rs. 10 to 12 crore from this one plus we also have 
some migration revenue also to come in. 
Vaibhav Jogekar 
What is the new contract about Patanjali? 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
C. K. Shastri 
You must have seen in papers Patanjali, the Ram Dev’s thing, all the outlets are 
taking up and not only that they are selling it the operator’s connection to their 
employees and their network and agents and distributors, they are also making it a 
Channel for selling the connections at a pan India level, so we believe the volume 
should go up hopefully, because they have very good rural penetration. 
Vaibhav Jogekar 
Now, the BSNL contract is spread over a fixed period of time, say five years or so? 
C. K. Shastri 
It is six years and we are looking at because we lost two years, we would be asking 
for the extension of another two years once everything goes well. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Sir, just a quick follow-up, the fact that the contract was for six years and we have 
lost two years, we had a yearly annuity piece that was coming to us, how will that 
function, so whatever we were supposed to receive in six years now will be spread 
out in four years or? 
C. K. Shastri 
Just now I answered that, Aejas, what we are looking at is definitely we would be 
stating the reasons we will definitely ask for an extension by another two years. 
Contract also says that in mutual agreed terms, the thing should be extended, very 
often what happens is that typically nothing really worse should happen, it 
automatically should get extended. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Sir, that 30 paisa you mentioned and 2.50 you mentioned that is over and above 
the regular fee that we are supposed to earn from this contract, right? 
C. K. Shastri 
No, it is all inclusive of that. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Sir, one last thing is that we had this very large Indian Telecom for which was a 
startup and we did great work for them where we got them 50 million subscribers in 
amazing time, have we been able to sell more? 
C. K. Shastri 
We have already sold four solutions there and we are working on couple of more 
opportunities there and it is going well. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shyam Boppidi, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Boppidi 
Sir, just a follow up on this, we generally say that we are good in telecom and we 
are entering into the banking sector, but I believe you mentioned in the last con call 
before that one of the largest private bank is our client now, are we generating any 
revenues from them and are we aggressively going into banking sector at the 
moment? 
C. K. Shastri 
Yes, I would like to tell you that we are continuing to generate revenue from them 
and we are focusing on banks and very soon we should be having another very 
large private bank come on our solution using the cloud. 
Shyam Boppidi 
I remember you were saying that we were bidding for the projects independently 
before we used to use system integrators as a middlemen, I am a bit confused 
because you are saying that we are still going through system integrators for some 
of the callers in this call? 

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
C. K. Shastri 
The point is that what used to happen earlier was that, now at least we tell them 
that the professional services, the system integrator can take it, the license is 
directly on us and earlier what used to happen we were completely in dark on what 
was the license fee being paid for our product, what was the thing, it was more or 
less like the entire control was on the system integrator, so we are having both, we 
are going directly in a lot of our engagements where we have a strong presence 
like for example in Europe we have gone directly, the last quarter one of the license 
which I mentioned was a direct order, which we got. The Caribbean order is a 
direct order which we have got and there are many others also opportunity which 
we are working through system integrators, both we are going through, we are 
going direct and also through system integrators. The idea is we have to increase 
our reach and earlier we could not put our terms with the large system integrators, 
now we are able to tell them that this is how we would want to do it. 
Shyam Boppidi 
Sir, you are mentioning that you are looking for some big strategic investors for the 
investments, are we still on that or they just put that on hold? 
C. K. Shastri 
We are still on for a right strategic partner and we will definitely be keeping our 
eyes and ears and keep engaging with wherever there are possibilities. Finally, 
what we believe is that we have an excellent IPR and it has been tried and tested 
by large Fortune 500 customers. Today, what we lack is the reach, the ability to go 
across to many more customers to tell them that this is what we have, so if we get 
a right partner who could give us the reach and get us there, that will be a real 
multiplying effect. 
Shyam Boppidi 
Have we got any offers at the moment or not yet? 
C. K. Shastri 
No, we are talking to few people, it is too early stages. 
Shyam Boppidi 
Lastly, I wanted to know have we lost any customers recently? 
C. K. Shastri 
No, we have not. You mean lost that we competed and lost or have we lost an 
existing customer, you are saying? 
Shyam Boppidi 
Yes, any existing customer, have we lost the contract or something like that? 
C. K. Shastri 
No, we have not. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
C. K. Shastri 
Thank you very much for taking time for this call. We really appreciate your time. I 
will assure you that myself and my entire team will put all our efforts to see that we 
do well and bring in good numbers as we go along. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of Intense Technologies Limited that 
concludes today’s conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
