 
 
 
[Scrip Code: 532173; Symbol: CYBERTECH] 
 
Sub: Investors’ Conference call Transcript 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and other applicable provisions, Please find enclosed, the Investors’ Conference call 
Transcript for your perusal. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
Date: July 2, 2018 
Place: Thane 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 To 
 BSE Limited 
 Listing Department, 
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 Dalal Street  
 Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
To 
 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
 Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
 G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex 
 Bandra (East) 
 Mumbai - 400 051 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
“CyberTech Systems and Software Limited Investor 
Conference Call” 
 
June 28, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISH TADIMETY – CHAIRMAN AND CEO, 
CYBERTECH SYSTEMS AND SOFTWARE LIMITED 
MR. STEVEN JESKE – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
CYBERTECH SYSTEMS AND SOFTWARE LIMITED 
MR. RAMASUBRAMANIAN S. – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
CYBERTECH SYSTEMS AND SOFTWARE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:      DIWAKAR PINGLE, CHRISTENSEN IR 

 
CyberTech Systems and Software Limited 
June 28, 2018 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the CyberTech Systems and Software 
Limited Investor Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Diwakar Pingle. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir. 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Thanks Raymond. Good Evening and Good Morning to all of you depending on which 
geography you are logged in from. Thanks for joining the conference call of CyberTech 
Systems and Software Limited. Please note that we have sent you an investor presentation and 
you can also view it on the website at www.cybertech.com.  
To take us through the call today and to answer your questions, we have the top management 
of CyberTech represented by Mr. Vish Tadimety – Chairman and CEO; Mr. Steven Jeske – 
Executive Vice President and Mr. Ramasubramanian S. – Executive Director. Vish will 
basically start the call and give a brief outline of the company’s update and transformation 
incorporation of the newly owned subsidiary Spatialitics LLC., and also talk about the strategy 
for future growth. This will be for about 15 minutes which will then be followed by the Q&A 
session. We are happy to take as many questions from the investors as possible. 
I would like to remind you that everything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook for 
the future or which can be construed as forward-looking statement must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risk and uncertainties that we face. These uncertainties and risks are 
included but not limited to what we mentioned in our website. With that said, I would like to 
hand over the call to Vish. Vish, over to you. 
Vish Tadimety: 
Thank you, Diwakar. Good Evening Ladies and Gentlemen and Good Morning to you joining 
from the United States. I want to welcome everybody and thanks for joining this call.  
In today’s call, I would like to talk in terms of our business and how things are going, our 
ongoing product and software platform development and also we recently incorporated a 
subsidiary in the US, Spatialitics for our future growth, so as Diwakar said, we planned this 
call for 30 minutes and take your questions. My colleagues, Ramasubramanian, who is our 
Executive Director and Steven Jeske, our Executive Vice President are both on the call, some 
of our Directors are also on the call. As I said I will address your questions, I will talk to you 
about what is going well, what challenges we had, what is opportunity we have and where I 
see the future of the company, but first of all I want to tell you that this is not a pure numbers 
presentation that as you know comes at the end of the quarter. Recently, one of the 
shareholders who is probably on this call wanted to meet me in May, so I had a family 
situation I could not meet him, but we decided it would make sense that I address all of you at 
the same time and prudent to share information with everybody, so that way all of us have 

 
CyberTech Systems and Software Limited 
June 28, 2018 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
same information. Diwakar Pingle, who leads our investor relationship and if any of you want 
to meet the company, please reach him and he will be glad to coordinate. 
Before I get into the business discussion, I want to talk for a second about the values and how 
we focus on this. Myself, Steven Jeske, Jack Dangermond of ESRI and other large 
shareholders of the company, so we want you to know that we have not sold shares. We want 
to rather buy and grow for the long-term. We are what we call as value investors, we buy good 
companies, we want to grow. I know most of the shareholders on this call are also like that, I 
can assure our shareholders and partners, so I want to say that growth will come with focus, 
with vision, with the vision to see the opportunities that is ahead of us and execute, so let me 
talk to you about what the change and what are the transformation that we are going through as 
we speak. 
We are moving CyberTech’s base into product business. Half of the IT business will face 
growth problems, it is going to be across board. Can we monetize our IT business? yes. Can 
we make every paisa? yes, but if you want to grow a business and dream of building something 
big, we need a software platform. We have to and we are transforming ourselves into 
engineering, into a software company and other IT companies, so what is the platform, what is 
this engineering platform. Fundamentally, if you have a platform you can sell once and 
monetize it for a long time. An example, cellular services, Reliance Cellular Service, they 
monetize for long time, SAP is a platform, Windows is a platform, so it costs trying to build a 
platform, but if you are successful and market accessing and you have the partner, we make a 
lot of money over a long period of time with platforms. Does the CyberTech have support 
platform, the classic CyberTech business is doing extremely good, because we have long-term 
recurring revenue contract, but to grow, we need a software platform. I am very excited about 
this ongoing development and the area that I am zeroing in here is this area called cloud-based 
spatial analytics, so what is spatial analytics. There are lot of opportunities in the United States 
and international markets that align with our opportunities. There is substantial traction, today 
in spatial analytics the need of the hour is to get lots of information on map, on location to 
provide right insights. Let me just give an example, let us see you are HDFC Bank or your 
favorite ICICI Bank, where are the highest net worth people, do we have bank close to them, 
are we providing right service to them, who else is the competitor for them, and what are the 
competitors revenues to these companies, who are my larger defaulters of non-operating assets, 
where are they. All this kind of analytics are extremely important, we need location. Location 
and mapping and this services is a very new area, it goes all the way from setting up from 
where etc. for the next D-Mart or McDonalds or where I set up a new hospital, do I have 
doctors to provide the services, where there is an emergency, can police respond, so it is all 
location services. To serve into this location services, we are building a platform. So, with 
every year growth we will become a deeper and stronger product company. To execute all this 
vision and the strategy, we put together one of the best Board of Advisors that I have, Faiyaz 
Shahpurwala who heads the IBM Cloud business, Mr. Wim Elfrink, who is Executive Vice 
President at Cisco, and we have Joe Vanek and we put together an outstanding Board of 
Advisors. Then Steven and myself we recruited Pankaj Srivastava who is a former Vice 

 
CyberTech Systems and Software Limited 
June 28, 2018 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
President and General Manager who has experience building large platforms for Dorton, but 
building this platform’s takes time, it takes months, it takes commitment, so with this kind of 
addition to leadership and our strategy for investing in the right people and building a platform 
is the way we are progressing, so how will we sell this platform. We go to market through our 
partners, so we have substantial traction with Cisco selling some of our products. I have SAP 
Sapphire where we have substantial traction with SAP India Utilities just for the investors to 
know. I do not know how many of them will turn into real clients, but we had standing only 
pace in our SAP Sapphire with potential clients walking in. This kind of traction with the right 
software is the way we can grow our business and I believe the spatial analytics platform will 
help us grow our revenue and when we do revenues, we grow value and when we grow value, 
we pass it on to the shareholders so I believe that we had unique opportunities, we have 
scalable intellectual property and we want others to sell our product, so this led us to how do 
we really grow the spatial business. 
We set up new subsidiary, Spatialitics. Spatialitics is primarily focused on spatial analytics and 
it is 100% owned subsidiary of CyberTech. CyberTech will do the enterprise solution business 
like what we were doing in the past, it has long-term recurring revenue contracts, it does 
technology support and SAP support, it does all that. But all the spatial products will be in the 
spatial platform, and the rationale for setting up a separate company is because we want to 
create focus. Focus, model, and each company has its own different distinct adversity, different 
go-to markets, and so to capitalize on this, we set up this new company and the primary value 
proposition of Spatialitics is simple, it is going to help companies to do spatial analytics on a 
cloud-based model. We bring lots of information from them and do spatial analytics. 
Healthcare companies or discrete manufacturing companies, process companies or colleagues 
can do spatial analytics on Spatialitics platform, so we set up this company. It is a Delaware 
company and CyberTech will invest in Spatialitics and Spatialitics will accumulate all the IP 
and Spatialitics will depend on CyberTech for all the growth, for development growth, so this 
is where we set up. So things are extremely well and doing well with Spatialitics in US. 
I also want to touch on couple of more things, from a financial perspective if you see we have 
seen a steady growth year after year in the US business. The US business has been growing at 
clip of 10% to 15% every year, year after year last couple of years. We also had growth in 
profit, but we ran into issues with our GeoCivic product in India. Primarily, GeoCivic in India 
has led to losses, so I wanted to just make that point and this is further increased with my 
decision not to take any new contract primarily what we have in hand, we made a conscious 
decision to reduce the inflow of this business and the now GeoCivic has huge opportunity, but 
we want to sell it with partners who can do service and this has affected our revenues, but in 
the last our US business has been successful, and going forward our strategy for GeoCivic is to 
reduce the inflow of work from India. Let other partner sell our software, so this is a long term 
calculative view we have taken to monetize on GeoCivic because India needs the platform, but 
it is better that some other SIs done it who can execute service on our platform. Now, getting 
into the sales model with all these new products that we are building in US, we are adjusting it 
further, we will go to market to a strong partnership we are taking ESRI and Cisco they have 

 
CyberTech Systems and Software Limited 
June 28, 2018 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
the market reach, but they do not have spatial platform, SAP does not have spatial platform, 
Cisco does not have spatial platform, so they need to bring their data and provide spatial 
analytics, so our relationship with SAP and ESRI are stronger, right now US account is 
stronger. In the last several months, we launched Spatialitics Utilities, this is a software for 
electric, gas, water companies to do spatial analytics of all their pipes running underground, 
they are not straight lines, they need to find where the pipe is, are they have assets that are 
linear, so we have Spatialitics Utilities, we also have Spatialitics Health and I also wanted the 
team to know that we have got a GeoShield deal from China and we are in advanced 
discussion for opportunity for GeoShield in USA. We are focused heavily on marketing. I have 
asked the team to send all the shareholders a four-page presentation on some of the points that 
are made today, you will receive them courtesy Christensen, and this document will tell you 
how we are focusing on marketing initiatives. During this year, I participated in SAP Sapphire, 
next week we have ESRI User Conference and there is substantial traction SAP co-presented 
with us and we are announcing new product as to ESRI in the conference, so on closing, our 
US business is very steady, it is very successful, it is very profitable, it is mature, and then we 
have excellent assets as you have seen. We have zero debt. We have promoters and 
shareholders who are long-term oriented, I feel the shareholders some of them are with me for 
a long time and so I endeavour to maintain this and continue the focus on next generation 
products. I believe our Spatialitics platform will grow and this will add value and that is the 
reason we are focused on it, so I wanted to thank you all shareholders for having shown 
interest in the company that your support to CyberTech and before I hand over to the 
moderator for questions, I wanted to assure you that Steve, Raman, and myself and most of the 
leaders on the call are extremely passionate about the company and they are very involved, 
they are very committed to growing our business, so I consider this as our business, so we have 
great future. We will continue to succeed with your well wishes, we have extreme support of 
the Board and Council. Thank you for taking the time to listen to us. I believe our results could 
be wonderful going forward and continue to grow. With that I will pass it onto Raymond for 
Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. We have the 
first question from the line of Manohar Bhatia who is an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manohar Bhatia: 
Sir, I am Manohar Bhatia shareholder since last two decades, Sir, my question is our revenue 
are less than expenses. Expenses are higher but revenues are lower, no other company takes 
such a low-cost work, what is the problem, other companies are in profit, our company is 
profited only from properties, what is the problem, Sir? 
Vish Tadimety: 
I will have Steve address this question, but primarily as I said, our loss really has happened 
from GeoCivic, our India business. Our US business between year 2017 and 2018, US 
business has grown over 10%, US profits have grown 10%, but our losses are led from our 
GeoCivic business in India and year after year that last two years, GeoCivic has led to the 
losses and that is the primary reason. 

 
CyberTech Systems and Software Limited 
June 28, 2018 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
Steven Jeske: 
I will address a couple of points, Mr. Bhatia and other shareholders if you look at our business, 
our business historically is 85% to 90% comprised of revenue from the US. Like Vish said, our 
US business is very predictable, it grows 8%, 10%, 15% year over year historically. This has 
been happening since 2015 when we made a decision as the company and as a group to focus 
on long-term recurring revenue streams, so most of our business is either on long-term contract 
and when I say most, I mean over 80% of our business is on long-term contracts or is on 
subscription revenue and the benefit of that is that we maintain it for long periods of time and 
we keep growing this over that base, so that was a conscious decision that we made. In 2015, 
we saw a dip in revenue as a result of that as we got our project business into long-term 
recurring revenue business, but the impact of that is that we are growing 10% on the top line, 
but we have been recognizing stronger growth to the bottom line as a result of that focus. As 
Vish said, the impact of the top line consolidated has been GeoCivic. If you look at GeoCivic 
over the year FY17 and FY18, we made money on GeoCivic when we had a large increase in 
revenue in GeoCivic in FY17 compared to FY16, but then as we learned about the business 
and as we addressed some of the issues that we have in the business, we basically give that 
back in ‘18 and so this year, we are closing up like the existing accounts and we will focus on 
the part that is profitable for GeoCivic and that is providing the platform to customers. Hope 
that helped and we could talk later if more detail is needed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Diwakar Pingle. 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Just like to step in with a couple of questions especially on the Spatialitics business that we 
talked about. I think my key question to you Vish and Steve is why the need for a new 
company called Spatialitics, what value is it going to add to the business and are there multiple 
products under this platform and do we have a sense of what kind of revenues that Spatialitics 
could generate over the next one or two years, I presume there will be some investment, but 
obviously at the end of the day if an investor is looking at it, he is looking at what kind of 
revenues is going to come from it, so my key question is, a) the rational for setting up 
something like this in US and b) how is it going to kind of pan out in the future? 
Vish Tadimety: 
While I will answer this and pass this to Steve, the fundamental reason is it is a product 
business and product business and services are different than services business and if it is a 
separate company, it gives lot of focus so to create value, attract talent, and even to attract 
capital, Spatialitics has to be a separate company and that will allow us to build and get the 
right kind of newer investments and talent in the Company and help us to grow the business. 
Steven Jeske: 
Thanks Vish, I will add a couple of points to that, Diwakar thanks to whoever sent this 
question, but Vish is right about creating the focus. One thing that I would add to this is that, 
this is an US company that was built that we are partnering in the US market with go to market 
with partners on this and as on the platform and the products that are associated with the 
platform. We are set as a separate company so that we can really capture the elements, the best 
elements, the best practices of what makes US start-up company that participate in technology 
like this and what makes them great, and that is really separate focus and the ability to create 
and attract great people and talent to the company, so the drivers are what Vish said about 

 
CyberTech Systems and Software Limited 
June 28, 2018 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
value and capital, but we cannot underplay the role that people and talent and we are starting 
with the basis of putting together an outstanding team and our team is comprised of people 
both in Delaware right here and then also with people over in Bangalore and Thane in India. 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Thanks for that and you did talk a bit about GeoShield or what is happening on the GeoShield 
in the US and where are we going with that particular product? 
Vish Tadimety: 
I will have Raman or Steve add in chime into this, but yes there is interesting GeoShield and 
some shareholders have asked me in the past and we are seeing that is the impact of GeoShield 
through the multiple channels, the important channel is Cisco. When we started seeing great 
traction with GeoShield in Cisco, here this is a classic case of selling software and if you sell 
the software, Cisco pays us the money even before it is deployed, so we are seeing traction 
from Cisco and I am seeing that we have better growth and opportunities in GeoShield at this 
year end. There are several deals in pipeline with Cisco. 
Steven Jeske: 
I will add to that just really briefly, we have believed in GeoShield as a good product and we 
stake it because our current customers are great references for GeoShield. What we found now 
is that we really need a good channel partner to get the breadth of reach to be in the market this 
and to accelerate the growth and so that is the stage that we are in today as Vish mentioned 
with Cisco and others. One of the real advantages though and that goes back to Spatialitics 
platform, but GeoShield is strengthened by putting it on the Spatialitics platform and it is 
strengthened because if you come to usable and easier to deliver product to customers and that 
we believe will make a big difference in the marketplace as well as the breadth of the channel. 
Diwakar Pingle: 
As it stands, do you have any sense of what kind of revenues we can expect or I think that will 
be more as the business starts flowing in? 
Steven Jeske: 
At this point, we are not prepared to make specific projections on GeoShield, but what we can 
say is that we believe we will have a pretty clear understanding of what the potential is through 
the channel by the end of this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next, we have a follow question from the line of Manohar Bhatia who is an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manohar Bhatia: 
What would be the revenue from GeoShield China? 
Vish Tadimety: 
The revenue from GeoShield China, we can disclose the numbers at a specific breakdown level 
for that specific entity. 
Steven Jeske: 
I would defer that to Diwakar, Vish because we see indications of that but we do not have the 
final signed documents. I think they need to wait and the answer to that is to state that we 
expect the final document shortly and when we do, we will issue a press release with the 
command at that contract. 

 
CyberTech Systems and Software Limited 
June 28, 2018 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question in the queue, I would now like to hand the conference 
back to the management for any closing comments. 
Vish Tadimety: 
I thank all the shareholders for joining this call. I want to conclude by saying that if you want to 
meet the company Management, please meet through Diwakar and myself and Raman and Steve 
and the Management would be more than willing to sit and talk to you about any of the details 
that you are looking for, and we will be more than glad to share with you the information. Thank 
you for taking the time in the evening, I hope most of the people are from Mumbai and it is not 
raining and it is raining here in Philadelphia a lot, so I thank you for taking the time and I 
appreciate your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of CyberTech Systems and Software Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, Ladies and Gentlemen, you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
