FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
June 29, 2018 
To, 
General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Company code: S33333 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
Company code: FCL 
Subject: - Transcript of Concall with Investors and Analyst held on 1" June, 2018 
!~
A.5:,A.~~ 
~ . 
, 
. 
, 
: .. -... 1"'-'-~ 
_ "III"'*'~ 
We enclose herewith a transcript of Concall with Investors and Analyst which was held on 1" 
June, 2018. 
Kind ly take this in your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
Pooja Kothari 
Company Secretary 
Regd. Office : 42 & 43, Manorama Chambers, S. V. Road, Bandra (West), Mumbal- 400 050. India. Phone : (+91-22) 2655 9174/75/76 n7 
I=AY ' f.4-Q1_??' ?f;C;" Q17R 
F'.m::all · infn®finpotj:lo}( rom 
Wph!;jh~' wwwfinp.otAxr.om 
r.IN _ L24100MH2004PLC144295 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
Fineotex Chemical Limited 
12-month Q4 FY18 conference call 
June 01, 2018 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the 12 month Q4 FY18 conference call of 
Fineotex Chemical Limited. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to                
Mr. Pranav Khandwala from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Khandwala. 
Pranav Khandwala 
Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Pranav Khandwala 
AVP of Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Fineotex Chemical 
Limited. On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the company’s earnings conference call for Q4 and financial year ending 
March 2018. Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some 
of the statements made in today’s earning concall may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management belief 
as well as assumptions made by information currently available to management. 
Audiences are caution not to play undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
and make any investment decision. The purpose of today’s earnings conference call is 
purely to educate and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review. 
I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s 
earning concall. We have with us Mr. Sanjay Tibrewala – Whole Time Director and CFO, 
Mr. Pradeep Tibrewala – President, Finance and Commercial and Ms. Pooja Kothari – 
Company Secretary. Now without much ado, I request Mr. Tibrewala to give his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Thank you very much. Hello, good afternoon, this is Sanjay Tibrewala here. Welcome all of 
you to the earning call conference for quarter 4 financial year 2018 and financial year 
2018. Thanks for joining in, and thanks Valorem Advisors as well. Along with me I have Mr. 
PradeepTibrewala – President (Finance & Commercial), Ms. Pooja Kothari – Company 
Secretary and our Valorem team also. We like to give you some background about the 
company and its activities and also brief you about the industry in which we are. Fineotex 
was started in 1979 by Mr. Surendra Tibrewala. The company is engaged in manufacturing 
speciality chemicals. It is one of India’s largest and the most progressive speciality 
chemical manufacturers. We also offer solution revenue products to the customers which 
are more performance driven. We produce almost 400 speciality chemicals right from all 
the stages of pretreatment, dyeing, printing, finishing for the textiles. 
Our manufacturing capacities are located in India and Malaysia. Combined we have a 
production capacity of 26,000 tonnes which has been increased also in the last couple of 
months. We have a global presence in across 33 countries and catering to well established 
brand in both India and overseas as well. Our industries like a very high entry barrier 
business. Our clients are very sticky. We provide customize products, tailor made products 
to the various, I mean to all the textile customers and we have our own R&D facilities. We 
are working with almost at the moment around 90 agents all over India. Also I would like 

 
Page 2 of 15 
to mention that we are a 0 debt company with consistent dividend paying, high capital 
efficiencies and high ROC and ROE. 
Regarding financial highlights, I am sure you would have seen the results which we have 
released on 30th May, 2018. I would like to briefly update you on the same. Let us start 
with the standalone quarter 4 financial 2018 results as per the Ind AS format. I would like 
to mention that the accounting standards have changed from GAAP to Ind As. So, first I 
would like to give you the details with the Ind AS accounting standards and after that I will 
give you the details with the GAAP accounting standards. So, coming to the Ind AS 
standalone quarter 4 financial 2018, our total income has grown up by almost 7% for the 
quarter year-on-year basis to 25 crores. EBITDA for the year was 60 crores which is 5.3% 
higher from the last year. EBITDA margins continue to remain healthy to 25% in this 
quarter 4 financial year towards financial year 2018. The net profit in quarter 4 financial 
year 2018 is 3.6 crores which was 8.4 crores in the last quarter financial year. This has 
resulted in the EPS of 0.32 in the quarter 4 financial 2018 results as compared to 0.75 in 
the quarter 4 financial 2017. 
Now, like to brief the same information as per the Ind AS format also, in which our total 
income has grown up by 12% to 91.9 crores. EBITDA for the year ended at 23.6 crores 
which is 27.6% higher from the last year. EBITDA percentage, margins remain healthy at 
26% in financial year 2018. The net profit in financial year 2018 is 21.3 crores from 
financial 2017 which was 21 crores. This has resulted in our EPS of 1.91 for this quarter, 
financial years compared to earlier 1.89 in the last quarter 4 financial year 2017. I will take 
you to the consolidate figures of the Ind As now. The consolidated Q4 financial year as per 
Ind As our total income is (-2.9%) in the year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the year ended is 
8.1 crores which is 16% lower from the last year EBITDA. The EBITDA margins stood at 
20.15% in the quarter 4 financial year. Net profit has reduced from 11.5 crores for this 
quarter 4 financial year 2017 to 2.7 as per the Ind AS format and which is a de-growth 75% 
as per the Ind AS format, year-on-year basis. This has resulted in our EPS of 0.25 in quarter 
4 financial year 2018 as compared to whole year 0.58 in quarter 4 financial year 2017. 
I will get you to the consolidated financial year 2018 numbers as per Ind AS. Our total 
income for the year grew by 6.3% year-on-year basis to 143 crores. EBITDA for this year 
ended was 30 crores which is 1.7% higher from last year. EBITDA margins stood at 21% in 
financial year 2017. As per the Ind AS systems, the net profit has declined from 29 crores 
in last year to 24 crores in the financial year 2018,which is a reduction of almost 15%. This 
has resulted in our EPS decline from 2.15 in financial year 2018 as compared to 2.6 in 
financial 2017. Now, I will tell you all these details as per the GAAP method. Because in the 
last year the difference, I mean last year performance was based on the accounting as per 
the GAAP method, so to give a performance comparison we have already updated about 
from the GAAP standards also. I will first take you to the GAAP understanding. As per the 
standalone quarter 4 financial year, our total income for the year grew by 12.3% to 24.6 
crores. EBITDA for the last year ended was 65 crores which is 20% higher from the last 
year. EBITDA margins continue to remain healthy to 26.42% in quarter 4 financial year 
2018. Net profit in quarter 4 financial year 2018 is 8.4 crores from quarter 4 financial year 
2017 which was earlier 4 crores. This has resulted in increase of the EPS 0.76 in this 
quarter for financial 2018 as compared to 0.39 in the quarter 4 financial year 2017. 
Coming to standalone financial year 2018 as per the IGAAP accounting systems, our total 
income for the year grew by 11% Y-on-Y basis to 92 crores. EBITDA for the year ended was 
24 crores which is 25% higher from the last year. EBITDA margins continue to remain 
healthy at 26% in financial year 2018. Net profit in the financial year is 22 crores from 
financial year 2017 which was earlier 15.9 crores. This has resulted in increase in EPS to 
1.99 let us say Rs. 2 in the financial year as compared to earnings of 1.43 in the financial 
year. Now, we will talk about the consolidated Q4 financial year 2018 as per the IGAAP 

 
Page 3 of 15 
system accounting standards, our total income has grown up by 3.5% year-on-year basis 
to 42.5 crores. EBITDA for the year ended was 9.2 crores which was 2.1% lower from the 
last year. EBITDA margins stood at 21.65% in quarter 4 financial year 2018. Net profit 
reduced from 7.5 crores in quarter 4 financial year 2017 to 7.3 crores in quarter 4 financial 
year 2018, which is a reduction of 2% year-on-year basis. This has resulted in the EPS of 
0.65 in the quarter 4 financial year as compared to earnings of 0.67 in the quarter 4 
financial year 2017. 
Now, we talk about the main consolidated financial year 2018 as per the IGAAP accounting 
standards. Our total income for the year grew by 5.7% year-on-year to 143 crores. EBITDA 
for the year ended was 30.2 crores which is let us say, 1% higher from the last year. 
EBITDA margins stood at 21.1% in financial year 2018. Net profit has increased from 23 
crores in financial year 2017 to 25 crores in financial year 2018, which is a growth of 
almost 4.2% year-on-year basis. This has resulted in our current EPS of 2.23 in financial 
year 2018 as compared to earnings of 2.17 in financial year 2017. This growth in our 
financial is a clear reflection of a well-executed business strategy. We have been 
constantly focusing on high margin products and the results of the same can be seen from 
our healthy EBITDA margins and profitability. At the same time, I would also like to 
mention that there has been a difference in the Ind AS and the IGAAP accounting standard 
which has let us say, majorly affected the investments which we have which are the 
notional investment, I mean the notional valuations which has been revised as per the Ind 
AS method., we have also updated with the IGAAP standards to have a fair performance 
comparison as per the last year. 
So, I would request now to hand it over to Mr. Pranav and we are open for any questions 
and any kinds of information’s further required from the investors. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question 
is from the line of Ajay Davis an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Davis 
Can I ask the questions which are not related to conventional results? Actually I wanted to 
know the current stage of Aquastrike VCF product which is manufactured by FCL? The 
current status at which the product is? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
The point is the product which is manufactured in Biotex Malaysia Aquastrike VCF is a 
mosquito life cycle controller. We already have applied for the WHO registration in 
Europe. The process is on the final stages. We have applied in India in the CIB which is 
Central Insecticide Board of Faridabad. It is already been taken in the agenda of the 
meeting and the meeting are been scheduled but the meetings have been postponed, I 
mean and I think in the next couple of months we should have a clarity on that and that 
should be more or less approved in the schedule. This is the update as per the India and 
WHO. At the same time, like you might have gone through our updates on the website 
and the stock exchange also that it has been approved in Vietnam also. And we have 
started getting small orders for that. The market size for this product is in billions of 
Dollars but the point is that the WHO approvals are very vital for getting the government 
orders in most. Now at the moment we are giving it to the house keeping companies, we 
are regularly selling it in Singapore some to Malaysia to Vietnam also which has recently 
started. But there is a long way to go on that lines at the moment we are working with the 
house keeping companies who are servicing the resident’s areas and using it in all the in-
house resident homes purposes for water tank, for fish ponds, for private swimming pools 
and others. So, this is currently what we have focusing upon. At the same time once we 
have a WHO approval, the business can be in a very different level. 

 
Page 4 of 15 
Ajay Davis 
Actually the top line growth is not so good. It is not so much substantial into current 
financials compare to last financials. And you are saying that you are acquiring one more 
site near to the factories which is currently there when there is no so much of substantial 
sales increment in the year-to-year. I think, what is the need in extending the plant 
actually? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
No, I will like to explain to you that there has been as per the GAAP system, if you notice 
our profits have, I mean as per the GAAP system in the standalone also our profits have 
gone up by more than 38% in as per the GAAP system. But as per what happens in the 
GAAP and the difference between the GAAP and the Ind AS system is that in the Ind AS 
investments what is lying in the company that has to be revalued for the last 2-3 years. 
Because even the 2017 results the base results had to be revalued as per the Ind AS 
system from the GAAP. So, if there is any increase in the mutual fund instruments or in the 
debt instruments and the notional increase or notional decrease that also effect has to be 
taken on to the books. So what has happened is earlier this was the first year in which the 
Ind AS system has been implemented and that is the reason as per Ind AS you may be not 
being looking at this difference of the growth rate is not so visible in the Ind AS that is 
reason. But as per the GAAP rate, I am very sure if you can go through it in all these stages 
we have increased our total income, our EBITDA, our EBITDA margins and also in the 
Malaysian entity what has happened in the standalone we have definitely gone up by 30% 
also in the EBITDA margins. But in the consolidated for the Malaysian businesses for the 
promotion of Aquastrike, there has been lot of promotional expenses for exhibitions, for 
seminars and all these things which the company is routinely doing and also updating it. 
So, this is and also there has been some foreign exchange fluctuations also which has 
happened. So, because of which vis-à-vis that growth is not looking easily visible. But going 
forward, I am very confident that what we are doing in the standalone will also be 
happening there because now there is a new government also in Malaysia last month. So, 
lot of changes has happened and now the new news is from today onwards first June 
there is no GST also in Malaysia from now. So, because of this there are many benefits 
which will be seen in the current future times. And regarding the new plot what we are 
talking about already it is used already we have expanded also because we have producing 
so many speciality product. All the products have to be having a special manufacturing 
systems. It cannot be huge, the same products cannot be manufactured in all the reactors 
and the facilities, plant and machinery. So, for some specific things we need the expansion 
of the land and factory building. So, that is what we have been doing and that is very much 
required because the way we have been doing in the standalone like from, let us say from 
a 25%-27% growth. We need those excess space also to go to the next round of expansion. 
Ajay Davis 
Where can I see FCL in the next 2 to 3 years? Currently you are active player in textile 
industry other than textile where can we expect FCL will be a major player in next 2-3 
years, apart from textile industry. Actually, you are a major player in textile industry. Apart 
from textile industry, I do not think you are major player in other industries. But where 
can we see FCL in the next 2 years in industry other than textiles? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Got your point. Sir, the point is that actually our main focus, our main core business is 
textile chemicals, alright. And that has been our main fort area it is a very beautiful 
business because every customer needs 25 different products. 8 from pretreatment, 8 
from dyeing, 8 from printing, 8 from finishing minimum. So, what we have been focusing 
upon is to serve our customers giving them more values, making their fabrics more in the 
main cost saving process, reducing the water, reducing the time. So, this is our main 
expertise, textile chemicals. This is has been of course, we are doing adhesives, we are 
doing other businesses. At the same time Aquastrike is there which is a totally different, 
let us say different let us say FMCG kind of a business in which we will be catering to the 
public utility sector. That is definitely something which is like billions of Dollars business 
product and  this is being the most eco friendly and the economical version also as 

 
Page 5 of 15 
compared to the non-eco friendly product which are running around in the market, like 
BTI and EBIT. So, this is the way we have been doing apart what you would like to focus 
upon is always to focus on our main core business, textile and for the last 6-7 years we 
have always done a PAT growth of 27% CAGR for the last 7 years and we are a zero-debt 
company also as you might have noticed. So, this is the way we have been focusing on our 
strengths in textile at the same time we are looking at many polymer businesses  also in 
the water treatment products and other businesses. So, I mean these are the chemistries 
which we already producing, we are doing all those reactions, we are doing 
polymerizations, we are doing esterification, sulphonation, phosphonations. So, these are 
the products which also use in the different businesses as well. So, we are also catering to, 
let us say paper we are doing, we are doing leather, we already doing those kinds of 
business. We have vendors to the Bombay hospital also for detergents, I mean for the 
government hospitals to the BMC. So, we are getting the orders from that which have 
been executed. We are a vendors to ONGC also. So, we are there as such present but that 
is not our main fort area. But yes we are working on those areas also to grab more 
diversified business units. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhilasha S from Dalal and Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhilasha S. 
Sir, I want to know that, I mean why is the difference, so much as compared in Ind AS and 
Indian GAAP because as per Indian GAAP we are showing around 12% top line growth 
whereas as per Ind AS our top line growth is negative 3%. So, what is it like leading or can 
you explain actual growth in terms of volume? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Yes, the volume growth is also almost 8% to 10%. Yes, I can give you the exact numbers 
but coming to the Ind AS, GAAP and for the top line I think it is difference of the tax. Now, 
we are in the GST systems also and in the new Ind AS system there is some different way 
of measuring the sales. The sales which are not yet reached to the customer they have to 
deduct it in the Ind AS system although it is dispatched from the plant. And also the goods 
which are on the way from the supplier has to be taken into note of the purchases, 
although it has not reach the plant as per the Ind AS system. That is the reason the GAAP 
and the Ind AS systems are showing difference even in the top line. And also the good 
which are sent on the last day of the month or something like that which has not yet reach 
the customer let us say 2-3 days we take the time to reach the customer. So, one of the 
accounting standard does not accept until the goods are reached to the customer. They do 
not accept it as a sale. So, that is the difference between that is the reason between the 
getting differences even on the sales lines. 
Abhilasha S. 
Yes, but sir like the goods sent on last day and these will not be around 10% of the total 
sales, right? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Another thing the purchases, suppose like our goods are on the way from the customer as 
supplier and if it is coming from let us say we have booked it and it is on the way from 
importations also. So, that will also be affected in this. And the main thing is that earlier 
years also the differences, the 2017 that also has to be changed as per 2016 and 2017. So, 
that is also one change which has been taken place not only the 2018 also in the 2017. It is 
not only for us, it is for everybody. I mean, this kind of accounting standards which has 
been fully changed for everybody, I mean for Ind AS point of view. What will happen from 
next year, you will not see too much because next year from let us say from quarter 
1,2018 that will be compared in the Ind AS format only. Because already the last year’s 
first quarter was done in the Ind AS format only, so then Ind AS will be compared with Ind 
AS. Right now, what are also happened is that the 2017 we are on the GAAP systems. This 

 
Page 6 of 15 
is some primarily confusion I can call it actually at because of the transition of the 
accounting standard this things are happening. 
Abhilasha S. 
So, for next year sir, how much growth are we targeting for FY19? What is your outlook? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
See, as such like every year we have been growing at 25% average CAGR for the last 6-7 
years. This has also happened in our standalone, in fact from the GAAP point of view 
standalone also. So, this is what we have been doing in future also, I am very confident 
that, in fact it can be increased further on. And we have been doing adding a lot of 
marketing team members, lot of distributors also in the current year. So, as and when we 
have been proceeding we have been expanding our business also. And in the last year we 
had this GST implementation also. So, that effect also has been subsided now by the 
textile market. So, I think going ahead it will be a better times than even the last year. 
Abhilasha S. 
And in terms of margin like this could, we have also seen some pressure on margins. So, 
why this so and going forward what will be consistent margin we can expect in our 
business, base business? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
See, actually if you notice our margins, standalone Q4 2018 margins as per the GAAP 
system is healthy and remains to 26.42% even for the year it is 26.17% in the financial year 
2018. So, EBITDA margins have not been effected at all. Actually I think, you are referring 
to the Ind AS system. 
Abhilasha S. 
Ind As, as per Ind AS margin has gone down from 25% to, I think 23.5%? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
I think that is also because of the change of the sales like we pointed out also, right now. 
And also in the change of the notional value of the investments which has also been 
affected in that. In fact, today only we have again published we have given a press release 
for additional information what I am speaking about I would request, if you can also go to 
the stock exchange sites and see the comparisons of all this Ind AS and the IGAAP also. So, 
this would be giving a better understanding about the real positions. 
Abhilasha S. 
Sir, as per like Ind AS from year-on-year will be reporting margin as per Ind AS. So, how 
much margins like what kind of margin has sustainable from? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
See, averagely the real margins are always 25, I mean that is the standard thumb rule. Let 
us say, average EBITDA margins are 25%. Even for Ind AS that could be done but now what 
had happened is this time what comparison what we are doing is also on the base year for 
which everything has to be changed. Now, the base year will become that 2018 year. Now, 
going forward 2018-2019 will be compared with 2018, so I think it will be an easier way to 
do the comparison. And I think you can still be expecting the, what we are expecting is 
almost similar performance at least. 
Abhilasha S. 
And here also like, other income is reported negative 19 million. So, why it is so as against 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
That is the main reason as per the Ind AS system. That is the notional loss which we have 
to put on the books. Earlier it was on the GAAP basis. So, in the GAAP system only the 
realized values have to be put. In Ind AS system even the notional things have to be 
applied for. So, this is the basic difference between what you are talking about. This is the 
reason why you are finding not so much growth in the Ind AS system. This is the point. 
Abhilasha S. 
Sir, this notional loss is on what? Like because 

 
Page 7 of 15 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
The Debt instruments and debt and equity instruments and all the market fluctuations and 
the financial instruments what we are holding. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandra S, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Chandra S 
I have few questions, one is regarding AquastrikeVCF. Have you applied for patent? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Yes, it is already applied in Malaysia,6 months back. 
Chandra S 
you got patent approved or not in? 
Mangement 
Generally they will take a, it is a quite a long procedure. So, I think it should not take less 
than 2 years or something like that. 
Chandra S 
The other question is, WHO approval. What is the expected timeline, by which you will get 
the approvals, so that you can 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
So, actually what happened in WHO we had applied almost a year and a half back. After 
one year period they come out with new procedures. So, the entire old procedure was 
scrapped off. Fortunately, that is the new procedure is not so long. It does not take more 
than, earlier it was 3 years now it takes 2 years or 1.5 years something like that. So, why 
we are almost very close to this the fag end of it, so I think, in a couple of months we 
should have a clarity, I mean getting the almost it is they are very happy about it. They are 
very excited about it. We are getting very positive things from them. And now the next 
step would be to take it on the commercial trials with them. So that is, once it is approved 
then there is a commercial trials also. See, what happens with WHO approval there are 2 
benefits. WHO is a like a foundation which also gives financial such kinds of products. At 
the same time, if once our product is WHO certified the foundation businesses from ADG 
or from let us say Bill Gates Foundations and all the big names which are the social 
responsibility kind of approaches. If they are main financiers and for this kind of business 
wherever there is a famine they buy these kinds of products and get its circulated. But that 
happens only with a WHO stamp. So, once market is a WHO will be buying it also and 
promoting and providing to the various affected regions and also the foundation business. 
At the moment the BTI and the EBIT which are the 2 main products which are the, let us 
say the non-eco friendly products which are like a diesel, it is like diesel BTI and EBITDA 
like diesel. Now, these products have been funded if like what record I had was more than 
$2 billion. So, alone funding of these products by this foundation is $2 billion. Now coming 
to from a non-eco friendly product to an eco-friendly product, I am very sure that the 
interest levels from WHO is on a very high level. But it is a matter of time and they have 
their own protocols and systems which is, I mean it is totally system driven. But we are in 
the good speed on that. We are awaiting some more positive actions in this month itself. I 
mean, positive news and then there after the trials will be conducted commercially. That is 
what we have been informed until now. And another thing is the WHO is not, let us say 
the all the discussions which we have with the WHO is in fact, we are not allowed to share 
too many details until it has been done. But it is in a very positive direction. 
Chandra S 
So, if I ensure this year probably the April process would be complete, correct? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Yes, surely. In this, I think by the next couple of months or 3 months I think maximum we 
should be having some great next step on that. 
Chandra S 
What is the plan of marketing Aquastrike been in the Indian market? Have you started 
what is the plan there? 

 
Page 8 of 15 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Now, what happens is the main market for this is the government bodies because this is 
used on the lakes and the rivers and all the sides which comes under public utility welfare. 
Now, what and there is another market which is, we call it as the housekeeping market. 
Now housekeeping is not a market in India actually because it is more in the Singapore and 
other places where people they give contrast to some housekeeping companies to come 
and clean once in 15 days or once in a month something like that. So, at the moment our 
businesses are depending on housekeeping area where we are giving it to the 
housekeeping companies they are going in cleaning the residential things. Now marketing, 
main marketing will start once we have the WHO approval and the CIB approval as far as 
the India is concerned. Now, CIB also has its own protocol and systems and right now CIB 
is the, the full form is Central Insecticide Board of India. It comes under Agriculture 
Ministry. Now, this is actually an insecticide board whereas our product is not insecticide 
or anything. So, basically we have to make sure that we are not having, I mean because 
ours is a very total eco friendly product. So, as such we are not in insecticide only in this. 
So, that explanations and details are going on with CIB and now they have taken our 
application on the agenda also. And it has been taken for the meetings also. So, once the 
meeting I have what also we have then updates which I can share is that the meeting has 
been done also but only the minutes has to be updated on the website. Once we have 
those meetings on the website, so we will be able to understand and get confident about 
the approval and induction of our product in this. 
Chandra S 
The last question is, who is the competitor globally and locally as far as this Aqua VCF is 
concerned? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Right now, actually this is the totally different kind of a product. This is a non-toxic eco 
friendly mosquito life cycle controller. Right now, what has been used is not eco friendly 
products all non-eco friendly products like BTI EBIT. Now, both of these products are like 
very close to diesel and fuel not an economical product, I mean not eco friendly product 
also. And now in India HPCL is supplying all these products. So, as such we are not 
competing with any product. We are not competing with that. We are competing with the 
products which are non-eco friendly which are basic like EBIT and BTI are not brand 
names. They are like the basic chemistry we can call it, basic chemicals. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of V. V Bajaj from Bajaj Shares and 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
V. V Bajaj 
Sir, I have two questions. One is the acquisition of plant factory near to the existing one. 
How you are funding that and what will be the CAPEX to suite to our manufacturing 
process, that is one? Number two is about AquastrikeVCF only. Just now we had detail 
response but what is the time frame we are expecting, when it is marketed commercially? 
Thank you, sir. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Now, coming to your first question, the funding of the new plant as such we are a 0 debt 
company and averagely the cash on books is almost 40 crores, 40 crores-45 crores 
investment. And every year we have a net cash flow of 25 crores more or less as well. So, 
the funding will be done by internal accruals only. There is no debt required for that. And 
some portion of it has already been paid from internal accruals. The CAPEX line is, let us 
say the CAPEX will be for the, I mean for the plant and machinery investment will not be 
too sizeable because we will be using it for storage purposes also and also for the 
manufacturing as well. But that will not be sizeable it should not be more than 3 crores-4 
crores let us say put together. And coming to your third question of VCF, already let me 
tell you that we already selling it since 1.5 year. Now, the sales and the housekeeping 
department, housekeeping markets not in the government sectors. So, this is what has 
been going on regularly since one year. Now, what we are trying to do is to get into the 

 
Page 9 of 15 
government. Now, what is happening in the government approvals one is the government 
approval and one is the WHO approval. So, our actions have been done at WHO and also 
because the bigger order will be coming from the WHO after the WHO certifications and 
with the governments approvals also. Right now it has been approved in Vietnam, it 
approved in Cambodia. We have all the non-specified certificate it is upload in the EU also 
the basis. We have all the commercial documents and the certifications from Singapore, 
from Vietnam which are in favor of this. Right now, our focus in on WHO this is what we 
have been looking at. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nehal Shah, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Nehal Shah 
Just wanted to ask you, if the mix between pretreatment, dyeing, printing & finishing 
chemicals mix has changed over the period of time. Although the company focuses more 
on finishing chemicals. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Perfect, can you please repeat your question like I did not get it like the pretreatment, 
dyeing, printing, and finishing. 
Nehal Shah 
Yes, sir has the mix between these 4 chemicals has changed over the period of time? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Well yes, I mean let me explain, I think you might be already aware about it also. The 
finishing is the process in which the final feel is given to the fabric the sub-straight and the 
consumer decides on buying needs and deciding, I mean on the basis of the finishing and 
the dyeing and the color also. So, finishing always has been more sticky business in these 
entire 4 processes. And of course, it is the more value addition business also because as 
per the growing needs of the consumers people are wanting more technical textile like 
you might be watching the ads from Raymond’s they have a Technosmart fabric in which, 
it is let us say water repellent, oil repellent at the same time it will absorb the sweat also it 
will be, those kinds of Techno smart fabrics. So, this is the new demands from the 
consumers and that is the place where you can supply more and more products and more 
value added products can be offered as well. So, going forward our focus is always been to 
be in the more finishing stage, finishing in one stage we people do not change. I mean and 
we are so strong in finishing is like Raymond’s let us say Raymond’s Vapi, Raymod’s 
Chhindwara, Raymod’s 
Kolhapur also using our finishing products. Also our finishing 
products are going to Vardhman Groups and also, I mean many corporate customers are 
buying all their finishing products like Sangam Banswara Syntex the suiting customers, 
Siyarams also. All of them are buying our finishing products from us. So, going forward we 
will be focusing more on finishing and also the dyeing stage which is also quite profitable 
stage. Because in dyeing also there is lot of value addition which can be done. At the same 
time we have been developing and also started our marketing since 2 years more and 
more of specialty products which are like saving the energy, saving water, water 
requirements, saving the time requirements, saving the heat, energy and other things in 
the product. So, these things also we have been doing regularly on a regular basis which 
can also replace, let us say conventional product instead of using 2 or 3 products we can 
use one product. So, these are the kinds of business where we already into. The mix is 
changing, we will come up with the exact changes also almost 40% is finishing, 38% is 
finishing and let us say almost 37% is finishing 27 is dying and the rest one is all between 
14 to 22 something like that. 
Nehal Shah 
And on the inorganic growth side, are you looking for opportunities over there since you 
are a cash surplus company? 

 
Page 10 of 15 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Yes, we are always looking at such kinds of like we did Biotex also 6 years back and that 
has been gone very well. And so, we are very much let us say more confident to in doing 
good deliveries with the inorganic acquisitions also. We have been talking with many 
companies they have given mandate to some M&A consultation companies as well for 
getting us the right kind of company in the specialty chemicals mainly, if preferably in 
textiles or in water treatment polymers. These are the markets which we are already 
holding our, let us say chemical expertise on to. At the same time we are also making sure 
that the offers, many offers also coming but at the same time we are very conservative 
with deployment of our funds. So, we do not want to just go for the inorganic acquisition 
just for the sake of it or just for the expansion purpose. Once it has to have more it is a 
synergy with our product lines or some chemistries which we are already handling at the 
moment and it can be going to different businesses. So, this is the way we have been 
looking at our next step of growth. So, this is what I can tell you, yes there are many 
opportunities, but we are very conservative with making a decision on it until unless we 
are very much satisfied about it. 
Nehal Shah 
Last question from my side. Sir, what would be the CAPEX for the next 2 to 3 years and 
what is the current capacity utilization that you have in? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
See what earlier capacity is, 3 months back was 22,000 tonnes which we have made to 
26,000 tonnes now. Already we have increased our capacity which is now started going 
functional also even last month was good enough to grow, I mean using more and more 
capacities and going forward our CAPEX plans would be to, I mean our average CAPEX is 
around 6 crores to 10 crores. That is the basic line for the organic expansion point of view. 
So, I think 6 crores to 10 crores is what we have been doing at the stretch of it maybe 12 
crores or maybe 15 crores could be a higher number but it should not go to that level. But 
all of it will be done from the internal accruals only. Because we have good cash on books 
and that is the reason the cash is kept also on books, so that we can also use it for 
inorganic acquisition and also for the organic expansion and CAPEX point of view. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of V. Raju, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
V. Raju 
On the BSE website notice which you put yesterday or something day before yesterday 
you talked about even you mention in the initial discussion that this mosquito control 
project product is couple of global market size is billions of Dollar and you wanted to do 
like 2% to 5% of that business. So, that works out to something like at 2% it works out like 
200 crores-300 crores. So, what is the time frame we are looking at to get that 2%? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
So, in fact the 2% of the market is also not of the total market it is just of the funded 
foundation market which I have mentioned, which we have mentioned on that. Like there 
are 3 markets, one is the government public utility sector, one is the house keeping 
market and one is the market where the foundations are financing this product and let us 
say donating it or as per CSR policies and all those things. So coming to that, the 2% of the 
market what we are talking about is even if we get on to the first stage of it, of the funded 
market itself not of the total market. So, that can be done once the WHO approval has 
come into place. Because all these companies, all the foundations rely on the WHO 
approvals and the margins in this product is at least 60% on the sales. So, this is the kind of 
business where, I mean this is something which is different level of business where we are 
talking about. 
V. Raju 
My specific question is assuming we get the WHO approval sometime maybe in next 3 
months or 4 months. From that point, how long it may take what is the management’s 
vision in terms of time? How long it will take to get that 2% market share? 

 
Page 11 of 15 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Well, it will come in gradual basis. Because the presentations will go to ADB and the Bill 
Gates Foundations and all those things where we are already on the touch levels and we 
have been awaiting the WHO approvals for that thing. So, once we are, I do not think it is 
to start with once we have let us say on day one, the WHO approval, I think in the next 
quarter or so we should be having some great news on the, on some of the companies 
who have opened up and started looking at this. Just for a small example I can tell you 
there was a one epidemic which has spread in Malaysia and the government was ready to 
give an order for $5 million. But finally the WHO approval was not there. So, I mean this is 
just whenever there is an epidemic the government comes into action with their funding 
and all and also the many foundations like Bill Gates and all the ADB and all these 
foundations keep coming. So, it is very, it is certain orders also as such depends on the 
level of epidemic depends upon the where they would like to do the social responsibilities. 
So, I cannot give you the exact date 2% when can it happen. But yes, the good news will 
come in the next couple of months once we have the WHO approval, which should be 
sizeable as well. Because the most important things is once you get an, it is a routine 
business thereafter. Once you are into funding items like Bill Gates Foundation or ADB 
foundation or so, these are  routine consumption based businesses, so wherever there is a 
requirement in Africa or something we get those kinds of requirements from those areas 
also which is funded by them. 
V. Raju 
So, you said the order in which might which was stopped because of WHO was US $5 
million, is that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Yes, that is from the Malaysian government. We have not yet published all those things. 
This is off hand example which I am trying to give you. 
V. Raju 
And typically these products like in the last one year, you said you are actually marketing 
to the cleaning companies, which is basically business-to-business, housekeeping 
company. So, how to big is that and what was our sales in the last one year to them? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
See, what happens in housekeeping it is use in the residential wherever they have 
swimming pools and wherever they have fish pond or something like that. So, sales is not 
in numbers very big. It is 22,000 liters till for the last year. But the most important thing 
what we are looking at to build a big profile on it that it is going to Vietnam, it is going to 
Singapore. It is used in various plus we have the approval from the PUB of Singapore, PUB 
is the Public Utility Board of Singapore which allows the list of chemicals which are 
allowable to be used in the residential catchment areas. So, we have that our product 
registered on that list which itself is the big thing, I mean it is PUB is like the BMC of like 
municipal corporation we can call it of this country of the city. So, once we have approval 
their at least it gives its endorsement of the product performance and Singapore is such a 
country that it is, they go by the product performance. Now the point is, Singapore is such 
a clean country that the demand for these kinds of problems of mosquito is not so high. 
Unfortunately, the biggest markets for this are all developing countries like India, 
Bangladesh and other such countries but the government because there is a government 
intervention to it and that is the slowest in the developing countries. So, unfortunately the 
markets where is the biggest the government is the slowest. So, anyway we are trying to, 
our main focus is on that WHO approval and this is the place where and WHO is very 
strong extremely strong as we all know that they can also give, let us say guide lines to the 
Healthy Ministries and other things to go for it. And once we have a WHO certification, of 
course even the national domestic level companies and bodies have to give a due weight 
age to it. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
V. Raju 
And how are these chemicals particularly the mosquito product? How are they marketed? 
Are they marketed like consumer products like in TVs or something or its purely 
institutional 
PradeepTibrewala 
No, it is purely institutional? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
No, we are not giving it to consumers. We are giving it in let us say, yes. I mean, from the 
size point of view 5 liters and 25 liters are the two packing. We are giving it to the 
housekeeping companies. So, these housekeeping companies take it in their 5 liters and 
they have their vehicles which is going on rounds for the cleaning purposes to various their 
clients and customers. So, they take it along it is a liquid. It just to be poured it is not to be, 
it is not to spray or something and it is totally in colorless, non-toxic, it has no smell, I 
mean it is something like that. So, this is the way they have been it is not sold in the shops. 
It is not like that. It has been given to like, let us say it is like pest control kind of 
companies which are going to various houses and getting it done. It is not sold in the, 
because it is not its main business is in the public utility. So, consumers will be not be the 
main customer for it, I mean the residential peoples and others. But anyhow we are 
growing in that also and people are getting more aware about it. So, you are seeing how 
we can take it forward on that. 
V. Raju 
Of the earlier discussion, so can I understand that this product right now has no 
competition? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Well yes, you can say that this product does not have any competition as such. But the 
thing is that competition is one topic but the paper work and getting the thing is done 
from the government and the WHO, that is a quite a challenge and getting to all their 
requirements and systems. And that is also expenses procedure also because lot of 
sampling, lot of investments has to be done. That has also been done in the last 3-4 
months also because of which you also see some the profitability in the Biotex is not to 
the great expected standard. But as such business is good the point is that this kind of cost 
is also coming into picture which is affecting the EBITDA on the Malaysian business. 
V. Raju 
One last question from me. Coming to our current core business, which is the chemicals 
for the textile industry. So, we keep reading that exporters are on the big stress and we 
keep hearing people in Tirupur are really stressed for want of working capital and so on. 
So, how are you seeing whether things are changing? How do you see the Q1 we have 
already completed 2 months in Q1. So, how do you see that the export textile market 
reviving and what is happening in Q1 and how do you see our prospects? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
See, what I see as an Indian textile market business, let us say China is going down in 
textiles. Now there are 2 kinds of the market, one is the netting market and one is the 
fabric market. Now, if the netting market the orders from the China is going to Bangladesh 
mainly. That is there for the nets but for the fabrics it is coming to India. So, most of the 
bed sheet fabric company is like Himatsingka and Indocount and GHCL, I mean they are 
our main customers also. They are also growing their businesses rapidly because of this 
orders which are coming from countries which are not buying from China now. At the 
same time the unorganized market because of the GST the organized markets are getting 
more orders from that. So, the organized players are becoming more and stronger. Tirupur 
is the net market basically, Tirupur. So, Tirupur is competing with Bangladesh in that 
matter. Now for us, we have 90 agents in India all over. And also we have our agents in 
Bangladesh we keep exhibiting every year in Bangladesh. I personally got to Pakistan for 
exhibitions. We did part exhibition in last month in China intermediate maker 2 months 
before in Sri Lanka again in Iran we are participating and visiting also. So, Bangladesh we 
have our own team members also Fineotex. So, Bangladesh is something even if the 

 
Page 13 of 15 
business goes to Bangladesh we still have our presence there and that is one of the 
countries which is growing very fast in textile, I mean garments mainly. It is also getting 
better than before, I mean if you see 6-7 years down the line they were in the big mess. 
So, now that is also getting better. 
V. Raju 
And finally on this Chinese chemical this pollution issues, do we stand to benefit by that or 
basically we have nothing to do with that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Actually we have nothing to do that. Actually we are more in the customized tailor-made 
solution driven businesses. Chinese companies are based on mass selling like they find 
soda ash let us say for that matter and then they will produce soda ash for the world. So, 
those makers and competitors of Chinese products in India they are getting a temporarily 
benefit. Let us say that point of view for the dyes business let us say H-Acids and vinyl 
sulphone and all these dyes intermediate maker. But now what has happened that these 
Chinese are also very Fast they are faster than most of the country. So, they are also laying 
their investments rapidly. I think, in a couple of quarters or something I think Chinese 
production was also get normalized. So, now what is happening is because of this all the, I 
am just saying from my part, my opinion point of view. But coming to Fineotex, , we are 
not depending we are not competing with China. China is does not present in tailor-made 
and customized products. So, we are not competing with them ever. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Jain 
So, I have a couple of questions. So, first one is regarding Aquastrike. So, let us say we get 
WHO clearance and we have the ability to do supply to a number of countries. So, what 
are we planning about our production? Will it be only based out of Malaysia or we are 
thinking about starting production in some other countries also? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
No, it will be only based in Malaysia for sure and as such even from Malaysia to India there 
is no import duty. Because Malaysia has treaty with all the countries importing country. 
So, there is always a zero import duty for the buying country and our expansions can be 
done in Malaysia for the bigger prospectus, bigger requirements of the orders. At the 
same time, we still have spare capacity over there already. So, that can be always been 
utilized for this purpose. 
Amit Jain 
So, the reason I was asking this question is because this being a liquid and the probably 
the cost per volume will not be that high. So, will it be, can we manage with this 
transportation cost adding on to the product? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Sure, this is a very value addition business and there is no doubt about it. The transport 
will not take even 0.5% or 1% of the cost. Yes, so it is and making such a high tech product 
and giving it to this kind of a market. I think it is the functions and the results and the 
performances is more important on that lines and we would not like to modify it or bring it 
to any other location at the moment. And capacities can be always expanded that is not a 
problem. 
Amit Jain 
My second question is regarding, our cost of goods sold on the consolidated basis. So, 
revenues have grown in single digits probably 3% or 4% but there are costs of goods sold 
on the consolidated basis they have increased by 30%, anything there? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
You are referring to the Ind AS system, if I am not wrong? 
Amit Jain 
Yes. 

 
Page 14 of 15 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
What I would also like to go through is, just one second. Can you again 
Amit Jain 
So, I can give you the figure if you want. So, on the consolidated annual audited financial 
results the COGS for last year was 59.57 crores and  
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Just one second Amit, one second. Can you repeat? 
Amit Jain 
Yes, so my question was, so cost of material consume. So, that has increased from 59.57 
crores to 77.81 crores for the financial year. So, that is growth of around 30%. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Financial year, consolidated? 
Amit Jain 
Yes, my question is revenue has increased by only 3%-4% if I am right? But the cost of 
material consume has increased by around 30%. So, anything to worry on that front? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
See, what happens is there is nothing to worry about. At the same time we have been 
giving lot of free sampling and promotional activities also going on which also comes 
under this effect. Because in our textile business there is lot of free sampling which we 
have to on and off give to all our customers which are in bulk stages. Even for Aquastrike 
we have to do a lot of free sampling and all. But again having said, if you notice our  
PradeepTibrewala 
Because of the excise duty has been accounted in the Ind AS. So, there is also a change. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
In the Ind AS the excise duty has been accounted and there has been a change in that in 
the  
Pradeep Tibrewala 
Earlier it was not in Indian GAAP, excise duty was not net off. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
In the earlier system of GAAP the excise duty was not net off and in the Ind AS system the 
excise duty has been net- off on that line and that is one of the  
PradeepTibrewala 
Yes, that is also one of the reason. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
That is one of the reasons also because of the excise duty which was earlier included in 
the, which was not earlier included in the GAAP and now included in the Ind AS system. 
That is also one of the reasons for that. 
Amit Jain 
So, that would have been on the both the things, right? So, when you talk about growth, 
so I am seeing the revenue numbers for last year and this year and both in Ind AS format. 
So, the growths over there, in both the numbers duty I think has been taken care off. But if 
I look only at the revenue the growth is only 4% or 3%? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
The growth as per the Ind AS format from year-to-year, your point of view is shown to you 
as per 3%. But if you go by our Indian GAAP, which I, in the initial starting of our 
conference which where I had mentioned that the total income has gone up by 6% to 143 
crores. Now, what has happened in the GAAP and the IndAS system there is some changes 
in the sense if the goods are still not reach the customer you cannot accounted for sales as 
per the Ind AS system. So, by the GAAP system was even if you have made an invoice to 
your customer even if you taking 4 days to reach you will put in your sales. But the Ind AS 
system does not allow that. So, and also we have to change the last-to-last year things also 
for that. Sometimes if some goods are on the way from the supplier to the plant, so we 
have to take that also into the purchase part of it in the Ind AS system. But earlier it was 

 
Page 15 of 15 
not so until the goods arrived to our plant. So, this is also one of the point which I would 
like to tell, any other point? 
PradeepTibrewala 
So, other is basically if you see below just below the cost of material consumed one item is 
excise duty paid. So, if you club all 4 items cost from material consume first is of stock in 
trade, change in inventory and excise duty, that gives you the complete picture of cost of 
goods. Because in earlier Indian GAAP excise duty is net off from the revenue. Now, in 
revenue excise duty as per IndAS, excise duty to be added in the revenue and to be shown 
as a cost of goods of sold. So, I think you are not adding the excise duty and the cost of 
goods of sold if you add that and you say since the excise duty has been scrapped 1st of 
July because of GST. Now the effect of excise duty is just 1 crores 81 lakh this to be 7 
crores 36 lakh in the earlier year. So, that difference gives you the comfort on the cost of 
goods front. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
That was Mr. Pradeep Tibrewala answering your query about that. 
Amit Jain 
So, one last question. So, you mention earlier that we are expanding our capacity plant 
capacity in India. Just one question on that, so what impact can we see on the volume 
basis on our Indian capacity and what would be the impact on our top line due to that? 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Well, what we have been the top line averagely we have been looking at going up by let us 
say 20% for this year with the new expansions what we have been planning for and doing 
about it. And volumes have will also be almost 15% increase 10% to 15% increase but it 
also depends on the kind of products, see what happens we are not in one product 
segment. We are in a product segment which has all different kinds of reactions and 
different kind of applications and things like that. So, all the products have to be made in a 
different production systems. So, it also depends on the trends of the textile markets. 
Sometimes the trend is more for cotton sometimes more for polyester and all the 
products have different requirements. It is not that the same product can be used for the 
different sub-states. So, we have to have capacities for products even where we which 
have a longer production cycle. Some production made in 2 hours some are made in 12 
hours. So, even for the 12 hours products we should have that much capacity available to 
produce those kind of business products. So, this is what we have been looking at always 
and so basically that will be our expectation to increase by 20% in this thing standalone by 
the increase of capacities and around 15% in the volumes. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last questions. I now hand the conference 
over Mr. Sanjay Tibrewala for closing comments. Thank you and over to, you. 
Sanjay Tibrewala 
Thank you very much all of you for being there. And if you have some more queries you 
can always write to us on our email addresses or you can even contact our IR Team, 
Valorem Advisors and I end the conference right now. And thanks Valorem, thanks Chorus 
for organizing this. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. On behalf of Fineotex Chemical Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
