NILA/CS/2018/ 2 0 2 
Date: June 20, 2018 
To, 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Toweres, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 530377 
Dear Sir, 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
NILA 
INFRASTRUCTURES 
LIMITED 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Compelx, 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: NILAINFRA 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on June 01,2018 
It is submitted that Nila Infrastructures Ltd. had held a Conference Call on June 01, 2018 to provide 
the information about the· financial performance and business of the Company for the quarter 
ended on March 31, 2018. 
In this regard we are hereby, in terms of the Code of Practices for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information read with the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015, submitting transcript of the said conference call for the information of the 
exchange and doing needful. 
Thanking you, 
. Yours faithfully 
For, Nila lnf astructures Limited. 
Dipen Y. Pan 
Company Secretary 
Encl: aja 
CIN : L45201 GJ 1990PLC01341 7 
Registered Oflice: 
1st floor. Sambhaav House 
Opp, Chief Justice's Bungalow 
Bodakdev. Ahmedabad 380015 
Tel.: +91 79 4003 6817 I 18, 2687 0258 
Fax: +91 79 3012 6371 
e-mail: info@nilainfra.com 
www.nilainfra.com 

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
Nila Infrastructures Limited 
Q4 FY18 & FY18 Results Conference Call  
June 01, 2018 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day ladies and gentlemen and a very warm welcome to the Q4 FY18 and FY18 
Conference Call of Nila Infrastructures Limited. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in 
the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Pranav Kandhwala from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Khandwala: 
Good afternoon everybody and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Pranav Khandwala, 
Associate Vice President of Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Nila 
Infrastructures Limited. On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to 
thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings conference call for Q4 and financial 
year ending March 2018.  
 
Before we begin I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's earnings con-call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management beliefs as 
well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
and making any investment decision. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is to 
purely educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review.  
I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today's 
earnings con-call. We have with us Mr. Deep Vadodaria – COO, Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi, CFO 
and Mr. Himanshu Bavishi – President (Finance). Without much ado, I request Mr. Vadodaria 
to give his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Deep Vadodaria:  
Good afternoon friends. I welcome you all to the earnings call of Q4 FY18 and FY18. Along 
with me I have Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi, our CFO, Mr. Himanshu Bavishi, our Group President 
(Finance) and Valorem Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
 
We will start with an update on the announced scheme of de-merger. The honorable National 
Company Law Tribunal bench Ahmadabad has approved the scheme of arrangement of the 

 
Page 2 of 11 
demerger whereby the real estate undertaking of the company shall be transferred to and 
vested in Nila Spaces Limited and the shareholders of Nila Infrastructures Limited will get 
equity share of Nila Spaces Limited in 1:1 ratio as per the record date fixed June 15, 2018. 
Accordingly the equity shares of Nila Spaces Limited will be listed on both BSE and NSE. 
 
Now moving onto providing the highlights for business operations in this quarter; in 
affordable housing the company is currently developing about 10,000 units for affordable 
housing aggregating to 6.4 million sq ft. So far the company has already delivered 3,290 units 
under this. The Gujarat state elections have caused a certain effect that led to delay in 
initiation of certain new projects. However over the last couple of quarters we have 
witnessed an increase in order billing and inflows on higher margin in businesses like the PPP 
model. The opportunities in affordable housing as you are aware are humongous and we are 
very favorably placed to participate. 
 
Within civic urban infrastructure the company has witnessed a robust quarter and year. One 
of the projects the company is working on is at Barmer, Rajasthan where we are working on a 
medical college campus which will start in the coming year. We will make further inroads into 
institutional and healthcare building construction post completion of this one. Further the 
company has constructed a customized office building of Adani Port and SEZ as well as the 
commercial park that we are developing for Adani Group in Ahmadabad.  
Significant progress has been made in our industrial efforts at Becharaji-, Gujarat under the 
MoU executed on 7th of August, 2016 with the Kataria Group. The company has jointly 
acquired land and developing industrial and logistics park units, sheds, plots, residential 
colonies and allied infrastructure at various locations situated near the upcoming auto-hub at 
Becharaji, about 90 km from Ahmadabad at Gujarat. The two joint venture entities have 
started delivering warehouses, dormitories etc. to selected clients including reputed MNCs. 
With this I would now like to hand over the call to Prashant Sarkhedi. 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Thank you Mr. Vadodaria. Good afternoon friends and thank you for sparing the time to 
participate in this call. Before giving you the highlights of the financial performance of our 
company for the year gone I wish to bring to your notice that this year brought structural 
changes in terms of the financial statement and key business ratios. The company has gone 
through a couple of transitions, for example IndAS convergence of the financials, demerger of 
the real estate undertaking, implementation of GST, all these happened within the single 
financial year. IndAs transition with the retrospective accounting statements, revaluation of 
the investment in joint ventures and subsidiaries, GST implementation phased together with 
the effect of the transfer of real estate business after demerger are the result makers of this 
year. Revenue account of the GST has impacted the top line of the company by about 12% 
with the demerger of the company embedded risk, with GST impact and changes in the 
accounting policy to IndAS. And to top it up most of the accounting entries have been 
impacted during the Quarter 4 FY18. Hence, the financials of the previous year are now not 

 
Page 3 of 11 
simply comparable in a way we usually analyze. We request you to please ensure to analyze 
our latest financials with this backdrop. 
 
Overall improvement in the PAT has resultantly doubled the ROCE to 21% as compared to the 
pre-demerger 11%. Apart from this the financial flexibility has improved the balance of debt 
with respect to Quarter 4 2018. It may be mentioned that the negative growth is mainly 
attributed to the accounting entries that have been passed to provide the GST adjustment. To 
top it up the state elections in Gujarat delayed the initiation of certain approvals as well as 
certain projects.  
Having said that we are glad that we have been able to successfully overcome most of such 
constraints and grow by 8% on the top line and 41% on the bottom line. Through this con-call 
I also wish to express the gratitude to BSR & Associates for whom this is the first year of the 
statutory audit and we have finished the process in the statutory timeline smoothly in spite of 
having all such transitions phases for the company in a single year. A mention worthy event 
was that CARE rating initiated our bank loan rating for bank facilities with the BBB+ and A2 for 
the credit watch with the developing implication on account of the demerger.  
The board of director has recommended the dividend of 11% subject to the approval of the 
shareholder at the ensuing annual general meeting. With that we can now open the floor for 
the question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have the first question from the line of Somal Bhatia, individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Somal Bhatia: 
Can you throw some light on your affordable housing business, so what will be the margins in 
this business and I also wanted to know the working capital cycle in the affordable housing 
segment. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
In affordable housing segment we work in three different business models right now. One is 
pure EPC contracts in which there is no underlying, you build, you construct, you get paid 
money in the prescribed method that is mentioned in the bid and it is obviously because 
there is no or less risk associated with this, you get nominal margins. So we usually see 
margins ranging from 7% on the EBITDA to about 9% on the EBITDA on that business. We 
have a hybrid PPT model which we work on in Rajasthan which is a different model than 
Gujarat that we work in. So in that model that’s a cross subsidized model in which we do get 
money plus we get land as remuneration as an additional profit, so that is a model which 
gives us to the tune of 14% to 17% on the EBITDA margin and then we do affordable housing 
and slum redevelopment. Slum redevelopment which falls under affordable housing but that 
falls under the category of public-private partnership that is obviously a high risk business 
compared to the EPC business and that's why it would have higher margins which would 

 
Page 4 of 11 
range from anywhere between 25% to 30% on EBITDA. As far as working cash cycles are 
concerned if you look at about 60 to 70 days when it comes to Gujarat and about 75 to 90 
days when it comes to Rajasthan. 
Somal Bhatia: 
What will be your vision as far as the affordable housing segment is concerned? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
As far as our view on affordable housing goes is, we obviously joined in the affordable 
housing movement in the country very early in 2013 and we have closely seen the sort of 
demand which is coming in because this was the specific demand which was being ignored 
across the country and no real move had been made to address this demand. So even today 
in the bids that we participated and the feedback that we get from the government is 
demand is very-very robust and what makes us think that this demand is only going to 
increase is because of the quality of product that we are delivering and the government is 
expecting which is definitely state of the art sort of infrastructure which is being made, 
something that we have not seen in India because if you look at the affordable housing which 
is being delivered in the country right now especially where we are doing it I can't comment 
too much about the other states because I have not seen all of them. But all the states that I 
have visited and seen there is a sea of change from the quality of housing that was being 
made by the government in the past and the quality of houses which we created in this type 
of affordable housing. And unfortunately the government doesn't advertise us as real estate 
developers, so as more and more people are starting to live in these units which are being 
allocated to them, the word of mouth is only going to make the demand stronger as we move 
forward. 
Somal Bhatia: 
Any other geography which we are looking after Rajasthan maybe? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We are closely watching a lot of states but when you actually working with the government 
there are lot of parameters involved so you really need to weigh and check before you 
actually enter. But it's very simple for us if we enter a state we are not really going to enter it 
on ad-hoc order. It will be a designed effort to make it in one of the revenue churning states 
like we have done with Rajasthan. So we are actively looking at a few states but right now we 
have not really participated in any of the bids there but we are closely watching a few states. 
Somal Bhatia: 
If you can give a guidance as far as the growth is concerned over the next few years, so what 
are the growth rates which are looking at internally? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
As a policy decision we have not really come out with the guidances. But now there is a clear 
divide with the demerger I think we are in the best position in terms of order book, in terms 
of flexibility post the demerger and obviously with the sort of ratios that we see and the 
business model that we have discovered. We believe that we should be able to match the 
growth path that we have seen in the previous three years, obviously this year is not 
comparable as cited by Prashant earlier in the presentation. 

 
Page 5 of 11 
Somal Bhatia: 
Are we seeing any funding issues from the banks? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Not at all. In fact the banks have been very forthcoming in this specific segment. And plus 
whatever that we are associated with here is not directly related to our direct exposure to 
them, as they are funding the beneficiaries and are obviously they are much more lenient 
funding the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Jan Awas Yojna and I think there is a clear focus 
on lending more on affordable housing and we are seeing most of the financial organizations 
quite forthcoming. 
Somal Bhatia: 
Any delays we are seeing from the government as far as payments to be released to you? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Not at all. That was the precise reason for us to get involved into affordable housing because 
the funding pattern is very clear. The funds are already in their bank accounts before they 
actually have to pay us. The budgeting is done because most of it is collected from the 
beneficiary who is obviously in hurry to pay because he or she wants the house. So it's been 
quite smooth till now. 
Somal Bhatia: 
I was just looking at that, the elections are coming in 2019, so we won't face any issues with 
regards to that, right? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
I don't think we will face any issues on that because whatever that we are working on is a 
pro-poor policy, has to be continued irrespective of the government or the leader that is in 
question. I don't think anyone can really afford to take a back step now as far as affordable 
housing and developing affordable housing is concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Urmil Pandya, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Urmil Pandya: 
My question is the order book that we have and the trend that we're seeing from the new 
orders coming in, so I just wanted to know from which areas we are seeing the orders that is 
like more from affordable housing or the other aspects that we have that is like civic urban 
infra, so from where we are getting the orders? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We're getting in from both. But right now if you look at the confirmed unexecuted order 
book, it splits into 71%-29% which may move around based on execution and new projects 
starting anywhere between 65%-35% to what we are seeing right now 71%-29%. I think we 
can expect to go on the same lines around 65%-35% or maybe 60%-40% going forward. 
Affordable housing obviously continues to be one of our prime focuses because we really like 
the funding pattern. As discussed earlier we have already delivered so many of the units 
successfully and it has become an area of expertise for us because we have the head start 
and we have the technical expertise in the strong engineering team to address any specific 
concerns that come to these projects. But going forward if you come from both aspects, civic 

 
Page 6 of 11 
urban infrastructure also we see it as one of our key focus areas going forward the way 
infrastructure needs to be developed in a country like India. 
Urmil Pandya: 
Are we seeing any increase in size of the projects or some movements over there like some 
bigger projects or something like that? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes I think government has been more forthcoming when it comes to public-private 
partnership. There is an open mindset where they are working out the innovative models as 
well and that is why I say that civic urban infrastructure is also going to be a focus area 
because now working out of special sort of projects with the government or government 
thinking out of the box and creating a PPP project which is a win-win for all the stakeholders 
that is the public and the government and the developer. There are more instances of such 
nature across the country and luckily we are in one of the most action-packed states that is in 
Gujarat which is obviously the first mover in lot of these innovative models. Going forward 
we see lot of focus coming in from the government to upgrade the existing fractured 
infrastructure that they are sitting on, so civic urban infrastructure obviously is going to be 
important. But in affordable housing it actually depends on the land parcel, the size of the 
order. It’s been in a specific range but yeah, the bigger orders are coming in sometimes. But it 
largely depends on the specific land parcel in question but the average order size remained in 
the tune of INR 50 to 60 crores. 
Urmil Pandya: 
What's the timeline like when exactly we would be seeing the execution of around order 
book that we have? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Most of our orders apart from one or two which are larger orders which have a larger time 
and the longer timeline, all the others would have timelines of 24 months. We would have 
executions panned out in between these 24 months. 
Urmil Pandya: 
Like around INR 517-518 crores of unexecuted order book that we have, so mostly it would 
take around at least in between 20 to 24 months for us to execute? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
24 to 27 months, 24 months is usually the timeline and sometimes there are reasons 
pertaining to drawings or XYZ coming in from the government, so the safe assumption would 
be anywhere between 24 to 27 months where the execution of projects is completed.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruvil Upadhyay, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Dhruvil Upadhyay: 
I had a few questions on the demerger front, first is basically what was the rationale behind 
demerging the entity into real estate and infra entities separately? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
I think we have answered these questions in the past and if you can go to the website we 
have the demerger presentation clarifying all the rationales which we obviously went through 

 
Page 7 of 11 
before filing in for demerger. And now since the order has already come in now talking about 
why we did it is not really in question because the demerger has already taken effect. But 
very valid point you’ve put out there but we have spoken about this in the past and you will 
find all the details in the demerger presentation that's there on the website. 
Dhruvil Upadhyay: 
I will look into that. Another question regarding the same as what are the amount of assets 
which will be transferred to Nila Spaces? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
We have transferred roughly INR 117 crores total net asset and liability to them, INR 115.46 
exactly. 
Dhruvil Upadhyay: 
Is there any value of land bank involved in it like land bank which is transferred to the other 
entity? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Yeah majority of the land bank which is related to the real estate where the nature of the 
land is and there is a potential of real estate development we have transferred with loans and 
advances along with the land bank. 
Dhruvil Upadhyay: 
Right now in Nila Infra what is the total value of the land bank? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
INR 59 crores. Total INR 63 crores is the inventory, out of that INR 59 crores is the land value 
which are related to the two land parcels, one is located at Bavla and second is located at 
Vinzol both are industrial in nature. So we have kept it in the Nila Infrastructures Limited. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meet Jain from Prithvi Finmart. Please go ahead. 
Participant: 
As you mentioned that you have a land bank of around 52 acres in your real estate business, 
so I want to understand how much is the potential salable land bank in that? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We are not in a position to because there are various multiple factors which work into it. 
There are a few industrial lands which are being transferred or some lands which are of 
different usages but ultimately we have only transferred everything to the real estate 
company which has real estate scope in future. But right now it's not possible for us to give 
you a exact figure because very quickly or let's say in the last two years we have seen three 
different changes in the GDCR as resulting into additional FSIs which can be used in all these 
spaces. So right now to give you a specific figure of developable area is purely a speculative 
figure. 
Participant: 
In this 52 acre it’s including the industrial land bank also and real estate land bank? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Not industrial land bank, there is only some land which could be of industrial usage where we 
will obviously do the right movement and do it for residential or whatever that is deemed 
feasible for. But we are in process of starting two new projects under Nila Spaces. 

 
Page 8 of 11 
Participant: 
Can you guide me about the future outlook of this year in real estate business like additional 
land bank you're planning to acquire and the states are looking forward? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
You're talking about Nila Spaces? 
Participant: 
Yeah Nila Spaces, the real estate business. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Nila Spaces, this year's target is very clear is to develop potential lands which look good for 
real estate business going forward and as far as acquiring new lands is concerned – yes, now 
since the business is only going to focus on real estate obviously if there are lands which we 
find attractive then there will be land acquisition. But no specific land that we are targeting as 
of this moment. 
Participant: 
So the Nila Spaces will operate in Gujarat and Rajasthan or other states you're planning to go 
with this separate business?  
Deep Vadodaria: 
With GST coming in now and RERA coming in it make this far simpler to scale up in other 
states but we have seen in the past that real estate business in India is a difficult business 
because all the states have completely different choices and the way that they operate and 
the customer trends, so obviously the start will be with Ahmadabad because our historical 
land bank is in and around Ahmadabad. Going forward yes, obviously Rajasthan is the first 
step because we are already working in Rajasthan and we have working comfort. But going 
forward we are not ruling out going out to other states but nothing planned as of now as far 
as making entry into another state. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Sinha, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Raj Sinha: 
I just wanted to check with you what would be the target bid to book ratio? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
I think we are in the comfortable zone right now but now the execution is going to start 
pretty quickly. We had a few projects as we discussed in the presentation earlier getting 
delayed because of the election and couple of other planning issues since now they are going 
to start execution very quickly I think we are comfortable with 2.5X that we are sitting on 
right now. We are not targeting more than 2.5 or 3 on the… 2.41 is the exact figure right now, 
so yes, in this range I think we will be comfortable with 2.4X. 
Raj Sinha: 
Are we facing any issues for the clearance in the Special Investment Region? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Not at all. And one of the land parcel we have not faced any issues. On the other land parcel 
it's part of government special industrial zone, so that’s the special investment region. So that 
had delayed but now very gradually they have started moving things so now we are going to 
start development there, so it was dormant for a little bit of time in the last 2 to 3 years but 

 
Page 9 of 11 
now we see government forthcoming and they are giving this clearances for at least the 
starting point. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from PN Panda from DLB Limited. Please go ahead. 
PN Panda: 
In the standalone the PAT figure is 22.5 Cr but in consolidated it is 19.9, can you put some 
color on it? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
That is basically due to the interest charged by joint venture that is Romanovia & Kent. So 
when we are consolidating that figure the income between the two is netting off. But this 
basically impact is for this year due to the revaluation of the investment in the company and 
that’s why it’s showing it more. 
PN Panda: 
Is there one-off item in this quarter? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
It’s in fourth quarter.  
PN Panda: 
Can you put some color in the Becharaji Project. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes we had two different land parcels in Becharaji, both very close to the Suzuki plant which 
is coming about and one of the land parcel we have already launched an industrial Park called 
Romanovia Industrial Park which is about 150 acres of gated development in which we have 
already built about 4 built-to-suit facilities and operations have started on four of these 
facilities and the common infrastructure is under construction and is almost more than 30% 
to 40% complete. Going forward we see more action coming in on the built-to-suit, we are 
largely focusing on logistics players because we are very close to the Suzuki facility and as far 
as the logistics players are concerned they need to be very close to their customers, so that is 
what the development is. And on the other land parcel which is part of the special industrial 
region of the government, things were not moving on the clearances front from the 
government because the final town planning scheme for the SIR was not getting finalized. But 
now it is getting finalized, they have released the draft town-planning scheme and now are in 
process of finalizing that town planning scheme and then actually implementing it on the 
ground. So we will start seeing more action in that land parcel in the next two quarters but in 
the meanwhile Romanovia Industrial Park is where the development has already started and 
we have already started signing the deals. 
PN Panda: 
So all the land bank is in the JV of Nila Infra? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, they are staying in the Nila Infra business. 
PN Panda: 
So EPC work will be done by the Nila Infra itself? 

 
Page 10 of 11 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes the EPC work is being done by Nila Infrastructure itself because construction is our 
expertise of course and the rationale behind keeping the industrial parcel near it because that 
we are focusing largely on built-to-suit leases and this is purely a construction play and the 
industrial play we want to keep it in the infra company and the real estate company is going 
to focus largely on everything else but industrial. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jubin Paul from Vircusa. Please go ahead. 
Jubin Paul: 
My question is that compared to the last year same quarter, this year the revenue growth 
comes below 50 crores, so any specific reason for that? I also have one more question like 
what will be the CAGR for next 2 years? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So the question one is yes we clarified that when we presented the numbers that just 
because of the impact of GST and the Ind AS conversion that we went through and the 
demerger the figures of last year are not comparable to this year and most of the adjustment 
entries have happened in to the Quarter 4 that's why it's not comparable. So that answers 
your question one. And when you talk about question two, I answered that as well in one of 
the previous questions. But when you talk about CAGR growth well as a policy we don't come 
out with guidances but if you leave apart this year which is obviously not comparable because 
of the various aspects that we have discussed in the presentation but in the past 3 to 4 years 
the average growth that we have seen it's looking that we are going to easily achieve that. 
Jubin Paul: 
When the demerger will happen, when will it be finalized?  
Deep Vadodaria: 
The demerger has been finalized on the 9th of May. NCLT court has already given out the 
order and we have kept the record keeping date as 15th of June on which the record will be 
taken on the shareholders and each shareholder will be issued 1:1 share of Nila Spaces 
Limited. 
Jubin Paul: 
So by July the share will be listed.  
Deep Vadodaria: 
We are expecting it to be by end of July, yes, as per the timeline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Deep for closing comments. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
I would like to thank you again for joining us today. We are extremely hopeful of the 
prospects within now demerged and pure-play civic urban infrastructure company with the 
added impetus on the impactful infrastructure projects and clear policy guidelines; we aim to 
march ahead in the right direction while being mindful of our values of passion, reliability and 
dedication. Thank you all. 

 
Page 11 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman, on behalf of Nila Infrastructures Limited, that 
concludes this conference call for today. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
