CIN No.: L45201RJ2003PL0018049
Date— 6‘" June, 2018
To,
To,
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
251k Floor, New Trading Ring,
Exchange Plaza, C-1,Block G,
Rotunda Building,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
P J Towers
, Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai— 400051
Mumbai-400 001
Scrip Code- 541019
Scrip Code- HGINFRA
Dear Sir,
Subject— Transcript of Q4 FY18 Earnings Conference Call held on 25'“ May, 2018
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, Kindly find enclosed a transcript of the Q4FY18 Earning Conference call
held on 25‘ll May, 2018. The same is also available on the Website of the Company i,e
www.hginfra.comi
Please take the same on your Records,
Thanking You
Yours Faithfully
,
”1 Floor
\
> X“
“
r1
SlveNMulvar
:
’
690““
.
mm
3
M J'HakMarg
I;
Ankita Mehra
0351mm
‘1
\‘
1
Company Secretary 8:
mm mm
'
Officer
H.. G; INFRA ENGINEERING LTD.
(Erstwhile known as H.G. Infra Engineering 1P1 Lth
Visit us at
: www.hginfra.com
Corp. Office
:
Ill Floor, Sheel MoharPlaza,A-1, T|Iak Marg, C-Scheme
Tel.
: +91 141 4106040 ~41
Equail
; info@hginlra‘com
Jaipur-302001 (REL)
:+91 141 4106044
ax
Regd. Office
:
14, Panchwati Colony, Ratanada, JDdhpur-342001 (Raj)
Tel. : 191 291 2000307
‘
Fax
2 +91 291 2515321

“H G Infra Engineering Ltd Q4FY18 Earnings Conference
Call”
May 25, 2018
—r.‘\
I
HGIE
CHO"US.CALLI
,o
MANAGEMENT:
MR. HARENDRA SINGH
— CHAIRMAN & MANAGING
DIRECTOR, H G INFRA ENGINEERING LTD
MR. RAJEEV MISHRA
— CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, H
G INFRA ENGINEERING LTD
Page 1 of 15

Moderator:
Harendra Singh:
We W 79W W
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the H G lnfra Engineering Limited Q4 FY’18
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode,
and there will be
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 1 now
hand the conference over to Mr Harendra Singh
7 Chairman and Managing Director and Mr.
Rajeev Mishra
7 CFO. Thank you and over to you Mr. Harendra Singh.
Good Morning,
everyone.
I extend you all
a very
warm welcome to
our First Earnings
Conference Call. 1 would like to take this opportunity to thank you all investors for giving such
an overwhelming response to our IPO and make it a success. I express my gratitude for the
faith rested in our company and we look forward to your continued support in the journey. We
are all focused now long-term success of our company based on clear business strategy and
good corporate governance. And I assure you that we will strive to do our best to fulfill the
expectations of our shareholders.
As this is our first ever conference call with investors and analysts, let me start by giving a
brief breakdown about the company and then we will talk about the financial performance and
the strategy going forward:
Our company
was incorporated in 2003
as
a private limited
company with focusing primarily on EPC civil construction projects and infrastructure. Over
the years till 2013-14, we did various subcontracting jobs in the Infrastructure segment for
clients like IRB, lTNL, GVK, etc.', some of our notable subcontracting job projects which we
completed include the four-laning of Jaipur-Tonk -Deoli, NH12 from IRB valued at Rs.362
crores.
We
did
four-laning
of Warora-Chandrapur-Ballarpur
section
in
the
State
of
Maharashtra for Rs.260 crores, it was in 2014 when we received our first EPC main contract
on NHAl. Thereafter, ourjoumey has been one of the high growth with several contracts with
NHAl, MOTH and other government departments. In 2014,
our (PQ) Pre-Qualification was
RS250 crorcs which has now movcd to Rs.1,l20 crorcs plus. For EPC, Rs.l680 crorcs for
HAM projects. Our prime focus is on the roads highway sector. As you are all aware that the
current govemment’s thrust is on infrastructure creation and improvement especially on roads
and highways segment. In every union budget the government is emphasizing it by giving a
major budgetary allocation to roads and highways. In the last five years, the average length of
the road project awarded by NHAl was 2,860 Kms with 4,335 Kms in FY’ 17 and 7,397 Kms
in FY’18. MOTH is targeting to award 20,000 Kms in FY’19. The Ministry is targeting to
construct 45 Kms a day in FY’ 19 against 27 Kms a day achieved in FY’ 18. With FY’ 19 being
an election year, we believe that there would be an increase in infrastructure spending which
the companies like us would be benefited. Other than roads and highways, we have foray into
execution of water supplying projects and recently completed one of the two water supplying
projects in Rajasthan. Additionally,
we
are also qualified for airport projects which have
similar experience requirement as the highways. Going forward, we would continue to look at
these opportunities sincerely.
Let me now come to the Financial Performance for FY’18 and Last Quarter:
Page 2 of15

H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
During the quarter, we reported revenue of Rs.503.8 crores, growth of 33.5% YoY. This was
on account of higher execution. For the year FY’18,
revenue
stood
at Rs.1,392.7 crores,
growth of 32%. Please note that the revenue for this year is net of GST whereas in the previous
year which has been the gross numbers. Thus, on like basis, the growth would be on higher
side. EBITDA increased by 57.2% in year FY’ 18 to Rs.208 crores and 79.1% for Q4 of FY’ 18
to Rs.79
crores. EBITDA improved to
14.9% in FY’18 from 11.8%in FY’17 which if you
corrected after the GST numbers it would be 12.7%. Apart from improvement in EBITDA due
to the change in the accounting of net basis post-GST. Moreover, for the years we have built
up integration operations with the presence across the lifecycle of the project which gives us
better efficiency and control
over the margins. We
invested Rs.260
crores in plant and
machinery in the last year, taking us leap of the modern construction equipments total to 1250
plus which can cater to a large-scale project execution, also we strengthened our manpower by
adding almost 1,000 employees taking our total number of employees to 2,894 out of which
2,767
are skilled and 317
are unskilled.
1n FY’18 PAT grew by 57.7% to Rs.84.2
crores
compared to FY’ 17 which was at Rs.53.4 crores. We reported PAT margin of 6.1% in FY’18
vis-a-vis 5.1% in FY’ 17.
If we talk of order inflow and the order book, it was a great year for us in terms of order intake.
The total order inflow for the year was Rs.1590 crores for FY’ 17-18, out of these orders one
order was hybrid annuity mode which was the first of the HAM project with the company, it is
in the State of Haryana worth Rs.606
crores and rest all
are EPC orders. The major EPC
project received during the year include three orders from the State of Rajasthan which was
World Bank funded worth Rs.597 crores, two orders from PWD, Rajasthan was Rs.77 crores,
two orders from MOTH in Rajasthan state worth Rs.300 crores. Order book as on 3151 March
2018
stood
at Rs.4607
crores. All of these projects have received LoA and the average
execution cycle for these projects is two years. Of these execution, starting on project worth
Rs.3,300 crores, for the rest Rs. 1,300 crores worth of projects we have started mobilization and
awaiting the appointed date. Out of the total order book, 75% are government contracts and
25% are from private clients. In terms of state wise breakup, 50% is from Rajasthan, 35% is
from Maharashtra and 13% from Haryana and remaining are from Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh
and Arunachal Pradesh. The total debt as on 31St March 2018 is Rs.408 crores, this includes
working capital debt of Rs.93 crores and term loans of Rs.230 crores and the balance amount
of Rs.86 crores is in the form of unsecured loans received from the promoters. By quarter end
30111 June 2018, we will be retiring another Rs.83 crores approval of term loans from the IPO
money which will reduce our average cost of debt is 8.5%.
Now, coming to our Growth Strategy: Going forward, we
are targeting order inflow for this
financial year to be about Rs.3,500-4,000 crores. We are aiming to end financial year ’19 with
an order book of Rs.6,000 crores. We will continue to bid for EPC as well as selective HAM
projects. Other than the projects from government and the government authorities we will
continue to do subcontracting work with clients where the relationship has been quite good,
margin
are
as per our execution and the payments are secured. We
are also open to where
working conditions are conducive. Based on the order book and the order inflow of target, we
Page 3 of15

Moderator:
Dhruv Agarw a1:
Harendra Singh:
Dhruv Agarw a1:
Harendra Singh:
Dhruv Agarw a1:
Harendra Singh:
Dhruv Agarw a1:
Harendra Singh:
We W 79W W
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
are confident that growing 25-30% over the next five years. We are ready to the next level of
growth and have added the required machinery,
manpower and technical capabilities and
improved our execution itself over the years to help us achieve the same. We would continue
to focus on quality projects while maintaining EBITDA margin of 15-16%, even more than
that,
we expect higher growth in profitability
as decision would become stable, operating
leverage would kick in and interest cost would be down due to debt repayment. That is all from
my side.
1 would now request the moderator to open the concall for question-answers. Thank
you, everyone for your participation.
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the Question-and-Answer
Session.
We will take the first question from the line of Dhruv Agarwal from Crescita
Investments. Please go ahead.
Sir, my question is pertaining to the EBITDA margins of the company. If we see the last year,
we had an EBITDA of around 11.5% which has jumped to around 15% this time. So what
different have we done for this big jump in EBITDA and do
we
see the EBITDA margin
sustaining at this level for the next three to five years?
1 would like to clarify that the EBITDA margin which you could see in FY’ 17, if we corrected
with the GST, that sales was gross and now it is net of GST. So it would be 12.7% to 12.8%
and you could see within the year we have improved to almost 14.9%, this has been because of
major shift in the execution capabilities there as far as CAPEX addition is there, as well as our
own operational execution is there, and it would be likely to continue in the coming years as
well.
The top line you have mentioned is 25-30% growth you will be able to do, so that is good. So
depreciation for this year has been Rs.54 crores. So you see the same run rate continuing in the
years to come?
It will be same.
Last question is on the interest part. Interest is Rs.40 crores this year which was around Rs.19
crores last year. So now that you will be paying the term loan of Rs.83 crores. What is the run
rate for the yearly interest that you see?
We could
see because the substantial debt retirement is there,
we would be retiring Rs.150
crores of debt, we have retired some Rs.33 crores in the last quarter and we are target Rs.83
crores during the current quarter, it would be substantially reduced by Rs.10-12 crores.
Interest cost would be around Rs.25-28 crores for the FY’ 19?
Yes.
Page 4 of15

Dhruv Agarw al:
Harendra Singh:
Moderator:
Subram anian Yad av:
Harendra Singh:
Subram anian Yad av:
Harendra Singh:
Subram anian Yad av:
Harendra Singh:
Subram anian Yad av:
Harendra Singh:
Subram anian Yad av:
Harendra Singh:
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
Last thing on the IPO. You have Rs.l65 crores of unused funds from the IPO. So you will be
using it for debt repayment, that is the first part. Will you be purchasing any more machinery
for the projects now that you have to execute?
Yes, it was quite specific that Rs.90
crores was for the CAPEX addition and that we have
already started adding the required addition during the year.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Subramanian Yadav from Subhkam
Ventures. Please go ahead.
Sir, if you can share the revenue mix for FY’18 and FY’17, how much is private and how
much is government contract in that?
We
are having 25% with the subcontractors and remaining 75% is with the government. So
you could see almost the revenue which we are targeting during the current year would be the
same... the ratio would be also the same.
FY’17 also was similar, around 25% subcontractors?
It was a bit higher because the project from IRB we did in Haryana, it yielded Rs.l50 crores
during the current year.
So is it the reason that last year FY’ 17 the margin is lower and this year the proportion of your
contracts are more, hence your margin is higher?
It is not that way but only over the years you could see that we have improved upon, integrated
aberrations have
been there,
we
have various verticals of the specific department wise
allocation, so that has improved a lot on over the last three years, irrespective ofthe fact we are
working as a subcontractor or as a prime contractor.
Can you share also the utilization of the IPO money of the Rs.300 crores which came in, you
almost did last year Rs.200 crores of CAPEX, right?
It was Rs.250 crores last year to be very precise.
The debt also increased by around Rs.200-odd crores. So where has the debt gone into?
Whatever was the addition during the last year, we have retired debt in the tune of Rs.33 crores
during FY’18 and another lPO money Rs.l50
crores was the object from the IPO for the
retirement of debt, Rs.33 crores already paid, during the current quarter we are going to pay
entire
as
soon
as
we
are getting the foreclosure
amount from this banker and financial
institution. So Rs.90 crores of the IPO money would be utilized for the CAPEX addition and
remaining we will keep for the general corporate purpose for the company.
Page 5 of15

Subram anian Yad av:
Harendra Singh:
Subram anian Yad av:
Harendra Singh:
Subram anian Yad av:
Harendra Singh:
Moderator:
Kaushal Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Kaushal Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Kaushal Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Moderator:
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
FY’ 19 CAPEX would be around Rs.90 crores?
Yes, we are looking at around Rs.90 crores and it would be required for the major inflow of
orders, more than that we will go into raising the debt but as of now there would be no further
requirement.
The equity for the HAM is roughly around Rs.65 crores, right?
Yes.
When is the appointed date for the Rs. 1300 crores of project likely?
Quite
a few projects of about Rs.300
crores would be by end of this June and for another
Rs.300 crores it would be somewhere end of August and for this HAM project Rs.606 crores
we are looking at and the government is having the similar line, that by November we would
be having the appointed date.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of (Nikhil Parikh from Thanke
Securities). Please go ahead.
This is Kaushal Shah. Sir, just wanted to find out what is the proportion of our total order book
that we are doing as a subcontractor... do we still do any execution as a subcontractor or it is
all as a contractor?
No,
we
are doing 25% of the work,
we have two projects majorly
7 Tata Project and IRB
Project
7 this is the third project from IRB as a subcontractor we are doing 25% and 75% as a
prime contractor.
In terms of margins, what would be the difference between getting
a contract
as
a main
contractor and subcontractor?
1 would like to elaborate the things because the subcontractor as we are working, is more or
less like EPC contractor because they are the concessionaire, usually give the EPC work to the
subcontractor. So the margins more or less would be the same. There is not a big difference as
a prime contractor versus as a subcontractor though say 0.5% or 1% either side can be there.
What is the bid eligibility now in terms of orders?
Yes,
as a single entity we
are eligible to bid for an EPC project of Rs.1120 crores and for
HAM project of Rs.1680 crores.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Ankush Mahajan from JM
Financial. Please go ahead.
Page 6 of15

Ankush Mahajan:
Ankush Mahajan:
Harendra Singh:
Ankush Mahajan:
Harendra Singh:
Ankush Mahajan:
Harendra Singh:
Ankush Mahajan:
Harendra Singh:
Ankush Mahajan:
We W 79W W
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
My question is if we
see FY’lS our order inflow is in the range of Rs.l600 crores. The last
year is one of the years when the highest level of the ordering activity has been done by NHAI.
So what was the reason that our market share was quite low in the last year and now we are
saying that next year could be high in the range of Rs.4000 crores?
There have been two reasons. We always like to bid the highest, the reason is profit margins
are intact and the working environment is quite conductive. So it is more important to obtain
an order where you could be having at the end of the day yield required to have for the higher
profit margins or the margins which we are looking at 15-16% should be intact. We bided for
almost Rs.50,000-odd crores project and we could see 10% ratio and during February to March
many
of the
projects which government
could
not
continue just
because
of the
land
acquisitions, wherever the
land
was
not in line with their requirements, they have
now
extended the order to this first quarter of this financial year. Now we are aiming to bid those
projects which
we did not find in the last year. We
are quite hopeful that we would be
achieving this particular order intake during the current and you could see within this quarter
as well as the next quarter.
Now the elections are also coming at a central level in the month of December, January, HR
Fanta will be implemented, so how do you see the ordering activity for next one year?
As far as government yearly target was turned into quarterly target the government is having
clear focus to award at least 2500 Kms during the first quarter, another 4500 Kms during the
second quarter and 6000 Kms by December end.
We are looking at approximately 3500 crores next year?
Yes.
Any bid pipeline at this time?
We have bided for one or two projects, within 15, 20 days it would be open, and we would be
bidding in June for the various projects as I already discussed.
We have a plan to retire debt of Rs.l50 crores and already Rs.300 crores debt is retired So rest
is basically Rs. 1 17 crores?
No, it is Rs.ll5 crores, out of that we have already repaid Rs.33
crores at the end of this
financial year and
we
are waiting for the
foreclosure
amount where the waiver we
are
expecting should be there and we will be paying remaining amount within this quarter.
Our other expenses is l% of overall cost. ljust try to understand the nature of the business why
these are so low as compared to the industry which is 5%, 6%, something like that?
Page 7 of15

Harendra Singh:
Moderator:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
Other expenses are all repairs and maintenance, taxes, travelling expense, lease rent, payment
to the auditors, professional fees, printing & stationery. As far as classification or the sub-
heads is concerned, that l have already given you the details and later on we can have detail
discussion on it, lwill explain later.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital.
Please go ahead.
Sir, you said you bided for one or two projects. Can you share the value?
Both the projects are of Rs.1500 crores.
How much are we targeting to bid or win in terms of the HAM projects?
As far as government is concerned, they
are almost having 60-70%
as HAM projects and
remaining all are EPC or BOT toll. So we are targeting at least 25-30% ofthe total order intake
in HAM model.
Maybe Rs.500 crores would be coming in as a subcontractor?
We cannot rule it out because any of the projects where the profit margins are good and we are
having a very choosy, we are okay with the clients we already worked with and we are having
a very good rapport with them.
Excluding GST 12.7% FY’18 EBITDA margin,
so this number definitely would improve to
14-15%, am I right?
This year we had 14.9%, going ahead we are looking at 15-16%, there would be fair chances
for improvement in the PAT as well because of the interest cost.
How do we see the working capital, if you could give some idea? I see trade receivables also
increased, payables have also increased.
In the last quarter, you could see Rs.503 crores of the top line that we have done, this is the run
rate which we have done within last quarter that you could see that it is almost Rs.200 crores
done in month of March. So whateverthe debtors we are looking at is 70 plus and the creditors
they are all similar numbers, it is 40-45-days.
So overall net working capital for FY’19, how many days can we see?
It is almost the same', it is coming at 60-65 days, which we were having over the years in the
past.
Page 8 of15

Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Shravan Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Moderator:
Alok Deora:
Harendra Singh:
Alok Deora:
Harendra Singh:
Alok Deora:
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
Just to clarify, you said debt as on FY’18 is Rs.408 crores, out of that you will be repaying
Rs. 1 15 crores in this quarter, am I right?
It is Rs.83
crores to be very specific in this quarter because Rs.33
crores has been paid in
March and out of Rs.408 crores, Rs.83 crores is secured loans.
So out of Rs.408 crores, we will be reducing by Rs.83 crores?
Yes and during the current year the repayment of the installment it would be Rs.80 crores.
Even end of FY’ 19 the debt level would remain around Rs.300 crores?
No, it would be much lower than that because the working capital which is at Rs.92-93 crores
as of now, would be RleO
crores and then apart from that after the repayment of the
installment which would be due in this current year, it would be coming at about Rs.200-225
crores.
Despite there is 25%, 30% top line growth, it would be around Rs.200 crores levels?
Yes, because for the CAPEX addition, we would not be requiring any further debt to be raised.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Alok Deora from HFL. Please go
ahead.
Just a couple of questions, one is what is our order inflow target for FY’19?
As I already explained that the target will be about Rs.3500-4000 crores of new orders during
this year.
Sir, just wanted to understand now we are done with the IPO and qualification criteria has also
increased, so now we would be looking to bid for these IRB and private contracts or we would
be directly only going for NHAI or MORTH orders?
Surely, for the big size orders which we are qualified with, we would be targeting to bid as a
prime contractor go to NHAI or Ministry as well
as we
are very choosy doing work for the
subcontractor for Tata projects or IRB, for IRB the third project which we
are running, we
would be quite keen to work with them, if environment is quite conducive and profit margins
are good.
I
am asking because if they
are giving the project, then they might also be keeping
some
margin and so the margin which we will be able to get from these private projects would be
slightly lower than what we might get from NHAI or MORTH and now that we are qualified
to bid for those projects of higher value, what we are seeing in other companies that they have
graduated towards taking only direct projects, so just wanted your strategy on that?
Page 9 of15

Harendra Singh:
Alok Deora:
Harendra Singh:
Moderator:
Kunal Bhand ari:
Harendra Singh:
Kunal Bhand ari:
Harendra Singh:
Moderator:
Viral Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Viral Shah:
Harendra Singh:
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
It is not that we were not choosy about that, but the margins need to be intact. Say as EPC
contractor giving the subcontract any of the contracts margin would be kind of sharing. But if
you are talking like the concessionaire like IRB and Tata, they are giving the projects on the
EPC mode only, so there margins are quite okay.
So we will continue to have around in the sort of mix of20, 25%?
We are quite okay ifthe margins are good and the rates what we are looking at.
Thank you We will take the next question from the line of Kunal Bhandari from HDFC
Securities. Please go ahead.
Can youjust specify what the land acquisition status is in your Haryana, HAM project?
57% of the land as of now substantially is available because it is already existing four lane
project and that is to be widened to six lane pattern, remaining CD has been already done and
anticipation is that by September end they would be handing over the entire land.
On your airport runway that you are targeting, have you started bidding for those or how are
you looking at that segment?
As of now we have not bided for any of the airport project, but we are going ahead because
some kind of credentials and experience is required, so we are looking ahead that we would be
bidding for airport project as well, the runways development need to be done.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Viral Shah from Emkay Global.
Please go ahead.
Sir, basically a couple of questions and clarifications. The order book is net of GST, right?
This is net of GST now.
Could you elaborate on the bid pipeline or order inflow because this is the first year when we
are looking at around Rs.3500-4000 crores of order inflow per se and which is necessary to
sustain growth forward as well,
so could you elaborate more on what will be the strategy of
getting projects
7 are we in talks with private players who have bided projects in the month of
Feb and March or there is a visibility of orders coming from that end or you rightly said that
there is a bid pipeline as well?
The orders which we are looking is that another addition of Rs.3500-4000 crores during the
year would be because you could see, the various orders which could not be concluded by
NHAI or ministry in the last financial year in February or March, they have all extended for
this quarterjust because we have the land acquisition as per the contract, 80% or 90% of the
land was not available, so the government has a clear focus, they will not call for the tender as
Page 10of15

Viral Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Viral Shah:
Harendra Singh:
Moderator:
Sunil Jain:
Harendra Singh:
Sunil Jain:
Harendra Singh:
Sunil Jain:
Harendra Singh:
H G Infra Engineering Limited
May 25, 2018
well unless and until the land is not aligned with their contract requirements. So we are looking
for many projects which we are already looking at, they are in the pipeline to be bided and
apart from that we have already bided for 1500 crores projects which we expect in the period
of 15-days the results will be open. Also, the government is again not having the yearly target,
they are not focusing on the quarterly target because of the election year, they are coming with
the first quarter target and second and third quarter, that way it is 2500 Kms per quarter,
second quarter again 4000 Kms and then third about 6000 Kms. So it is clearly sense that we
would be having a fair chance of bidding and having this kind of new orders in our kitty.
Apart from that, are we in talks with any private players for getting some orders?
Yes, we have a few tie-ups with IRB and Tata for many of the projects which they have bided
and if everything is good, then we will be taking those projects as well.
Mumbai, Nagpur for bidding, so would you be interested?
No.
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang.
Please go ahead.
My question relates more to working capital. What we
see that in your debtors’ days ifl
compare even on the fourth quarter number, it has come to 76-days whereas in the last year it
was 43-days. So was there any specific reason for increase in this number?
You please go through that the last quarter number is Rs.503 crores that we have executed in
the last quarter and if you see the debtors, it is coming at almost 45-days and if you see the
inventory, it is Rs.106 crores and if you look at the inventory with the run rate what we have
done in the last three months it would be more or like 15-days.
Debtors is around Rs.429 crores?
No, this is all inclusive, because of the IND AS, there is new accounting standard, here you
will find that retention money which is receivable from the client is already included in this, it
is almost Rs.157 crores, big difference is there.
In this other financial assets, that has also increased from Rs.29 crores to Rs.203 crores, so...?
The unbilled revenue which you could
see. The GST majorly government has now given a
clear guideline in the last quarter only that how the GST would be paid to the contract which
are covered in the change in law, so this is one. Other few things are there where the variations
and change of scope and where the project cost has been financed because of that
So in-
principle approval is being received and the financial approval usually takes a longer course of
action, it is because ofthat only.
Page 11 of15
