rHgx
LIVE #{nMOYlE
Thc Manager
National $tock Exchamge of, India Lirnited
Exchange Plarn, Sth Ftroor, Ptrot No Clr,
G BIo*k, Bandra-Krlrla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai * 4c,* o5r
Scrip Code: IHOXLEISUH
DearSir/ Madam,
Subr Tr*n$ript dCorlfqrynce Cdl wtrh the tnrmstpm / Anab?tf.
The Company had organized a conferene call with the InnestoralAnalysts on Tuesday, u4ft July, zor8. A
eopyof Transcript of mrference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed her€with andtle same is
also being putup onthe Company'rw&site at httosil/www.inoxmoEies.mm/Coryorate.aspx?ggction=S.
Kindtytake the sameon reord,
lbankingyou,
Yous faithfully,
For IN0X l"eierrrc Limited
\r
Parthasarathy lyengar
Company $ecretary
Enel.r As abre.
a$tl,August, *ot$
To,
Th* Sccretary
BSE Limited
P J 'lhrrers,
Salal $treet,
Murnbai * 40o ofir
Scrip Codcr 5B*T$6
I}IOX LEISURE LTO,
sfi F;oor, Virai Tosr$. Na$ to fuidluri Fbrovsr, ltffitsm txprass Hlghray- Arxffwi {EaS}, tt{u*Sai 400 m3, Iridia.
Tel {91 ?f)4ffi20$0 . Fax : {91 22} 40fi2 0ggg . E: mntacl$inoxrmvies.mrn ' rnrv.inoxmorias.mrn

Page 1 of 15 
“INOX Leisure Q1 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2018 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK ASHER - DIRECTOR AND GROUP HEAD, 
CORPORATE FINANCE - INOX GROUP OF COMPANIES 
MR. ALOK TANDON – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - INOX 
LEISURE 
MR. KAILASH B GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
INOX LEISURE 

      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the INOX Leisure Q1 FY2019 Results 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital Limited. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you, Lizaan. At the outset, would like to thank all of you for dialing into INOX Leisure 
Post-Result Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 2018. As usual, the call will be initiated 
with a brief discussion on the quarterly performance, followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
The management team is represented by Mr. Deepak Asher, Director and Group Head, Corporate 
Finance, INOX Group of Companies; Mr. Alok Tandon, CEO, INOX Leisure; and Mr. Kailash B 
Gupta, CFO, INOX Leisure. 
Over to you, Mr. Asher, for your initial comments. 
Deepak Asher: 
Thank you very much, Ankur. And on behalf of the management of INOX Leisure, I would like 
to wish you a very good afternoon and extend a very warm welcome to all the participants on this 
call. Happy to inform you that the Board of Directors has approved the quarter results for the 
company for the first quarter of FY ’19. The results have been uploaded on the websites of the 
stock exchanges as well as the website of the company. And along with the results, as we 
normally do, we have also uploaded an earnings presentation. 
And on this call, what I would like to do is walk you through some of the significant financial 
and operating parameters as contained in our presentation. And then of course, we will throw it 
open for any questions that you might have. 
Coming straight to the key financial performance of the company, and in the comparison what 
we are doing is comparing Q1 of FY2019 with Q1 FY2018 as a Y-on-Y comparison. Revenue 
from operations increased from Rs.387.4 Crores to about Rs.414.9 Crores that is a jump of about 
7%. EBITDA increased from Rs.75.9 Crores to Rs.83.5 crores that is an increase of 10%. 
Consequentially, EBITDA margins improved from 19.6% to 20.1%. PAT improved from Rs.32.1 
Crores to Rs.37 Crores that is an increase of 15%. Consequently, PAT margins improved from 
8.3% to 8.9%. So that is a brief snapshot of the overall financial performance. Revenue is up by 
7%, EBITDA by 10% and PAT is up by 15%. 
Our regular revenues comprised of four key revenue streams: there is box office, there is food 
and beverage, there is advertisement and there is other operating revenues. Box office revenues 
increased by 1.1% from Rs.239.2 Crores to Rs.241.9 Crores; F&B revenues improved from 
Rs.88.2 Crores to Rs.111.4 Crores; advertising income increased by 20% from Rs.33.4 Crores to 

      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
Page 3 of 15 
Rs.40.0 Crores, and other operating revenues fell by about 18.8% from Rs.26.7 Crores to Rs.21.6 
Crores. As a result, the sum total of these four revenue streams improved by 7% from Rs.387.4 
Crores to Rs.414.9 Crores. 
The performance was largely driven by the movies that were released over the last quarter. And 
the top 5 movies for the Q1 FY2019 were Avengers: Infinity War, which saw footfalls of 21.07 
lakhs and GBOC collection of Rs.51.07 Crores; Raazi saw footfalls of 15.86 lakhs and GBOC of 
Rs.30.03 Crores; Race 3, footfalls of 10.55 lakhs, GBOC of Rs.24.81 Crores; Baaghi 2 saw 
footfalls of 11.01 lakhs and GBOC of Rs.18.50 Crores; and Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom saw 
footfalls of 8.74 lakhs and GBOC of Rs.17.23 Crores. 
The sum total of top 5 movies at INOX for the quarter saw footfalls of 67.23 lakhs, which is 
roughly about 43% of our aggregate footfalls and GBOC of Rs.141.63 Crores, which is about 
46% of our GBOC. In comparison, in Q1 FY 2018, the top 5 films accounted for 58% of footfalls 
and 63% of GBOC. And that is because we had one big blockbuster, Baahubali: The Conclusion, 
in Q1 of FY 2018. 
Coming to the operating metrics. Overall footfalls fell by about 1.2% from 158.2 lakhs in Q1 FY 
2018 to 156.2 lakhs in Q1 of FY 2019. Consequently, occupancies fell from 31% to 29%. And if 
you compare these numbers for comparable properties, that is properties that are operational in 
Q1 FY 2019 and in Q1 FY 2018, footfalls fell from 143.1 lakhs to 138.2 lakhs that is 3.4% drop. 
Occupancies fell from 32% to 30%. 
Our average ticket price increased by 3.1% it was Rs.193 in Q1 FY 2018 went up to Rs.199 in 
Q1 of FY 2019. Comparable property average ticket price increased by 2.4% from Rs.190 last 
year to Rs.194 this year. 
On Food and Beverages, spend per head increased by 17.2% from Rs.65 to Rs.76. Contribution 
fell marginally, but that is because of the impact of input tax credits not being available from 
76.8% to 75.6%. Contribution in absolute terms improved from Rs.49.92in last year to Rs.57.46 
this year, that is an increase of about 15%. 
Advertising revenues, we continue to maintain our momentum of growth, increased by 20% from 
Rs.33.4 Crores in Q1 FY 2018 to Rs.40 Crores in Q1 FY 2019. And other operating income, as I 
mentioned, fell from Rs.26.7 Crores to Rs.21.6 Crores that is a fall of about 18.8%. 
As far as the cost is concerned, distributor share increased slightly from 43.7% to 44.2% on 
NBOC terms or 34.5% to 34.7% on GBOC terms. This was largely because of the fact that 
service charge reductions, which were available in the pre-GST era, are no longer available. And 
hence, this led to a marginal increase in distributor shares. 
As far as other overheads per operating screens are concerned, these were virtually flat, Rs.42.5 
lakhs last year to Rs.42.4 lakhs this year per screen per quarter. And this was because while there 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 4 of 15 
was an increase in employee benefits by about 8.5% and property, rent and conducting fees by 
about 4.8% on a per screen basis with the corresponding reductions in CAM, Power & Fuel and 
Repairs and Maintenance by about 4.1% and in other overheads by about 3.4%. So that is a 
snapshot of our financial and operating parameters. 
In terms of property pipeline, we already opened, in the first quarter, 3 properties, 12 screens and 
2554 seats. And as we speak from the end of the first quarter until today, we opened another 2 
properties with 8 screens and about 1,400 seats. As the result of which, total property openings, 
in this year, up-to-date, are 5 properties, 20 screens, and 4,036 seats. These include Mumbai 
Palm Beach opened on 8 May; Cuttack SGBL Square Mall, 16 June; Zirakpur Dhillon Mall on 
29 June; Kakinada on 9 July; and Gurgaon Sapphire, which we actually opened earlier today. 
As a result of these property openings, we now operate 128 properties with 512 screens and have 
been able to continue to maintain our momentum of growth by adding, on an average, about 8 
screens every quarter, which is what we have been doing since inception. And therefore, our total 
footprint today comprises of presence in 19 states, 64 cities, 128 properties, 512 screens and 
125,508 seats, which makes us, as you are aware, amongst the largest multiplex chains in the 
country. 
Beyond these 5 properties and 20 screens that we've already opened, we expect in terms of 
pipeline of properties this year an additional  7 properties, 39 screens and about 6,543 seats to be 
commissioned by March 2019, which would mean by the end of this financial year, we would 
have about 135 operational properties, 551 screens and 132,051 seats open by this year. In 
addition, we already have tied up additional properties/ in the pipeline of about 118 properties, 
757 screens and 135,506 seats, which would, once this entire pipeline is implemented (and this 
will obviously take more than a year),  we will have about 253 properties, 1,308 screens, and 
about 267,557 seats. So that is the visible pipeline. 
In term of content, we are already in the month of July here, Dhadak was released on July 20, has 
done quite well in terms of box office performance. And we expect Mission Impossible, MI 6, to 
be released later this week. That, also, is expected to do reasonably well. In August, we have 
Karwaan; Fanney Khan; Vishwaroop II; Satyameva Jayate; GOLD, which, by the way, we 
expect to do pretty well; and Yamla Pagla Deewana Phir Se in terms of pipeline coming up in 
August. In September, we have Drive; Paltan; The Nun; Predator, which is an IMAX release; 
Batti Gul Meter Chalu; and Sui Dhaga - Made in India, all releasing September. In October, we 
have A Star is Born; Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga; and an Ajay Devgan-Luv Ranjan's 
movie, which is yet to be titled; Badhai Ho; Namastey England; and Mowgli, which is a 3D 
IMAX movie. So that is the content pipeline we foresee over next few months. 
In terms of balance sheet data; the number of shares outstanding remains at about 9.6 Crores at 
the current price of about Rs.202.5, which leads to a market cap roughly of  about Rs.1,953 
Crores. Our key institutional investors remain what they were last quarter, with some very small 
minor changes. The Promoter & Promoter Group continues to hold about 48.70%; FIIs own 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 5 of 15 
about 17.61%; DII own about 17.70%; we have treasury shares held by INOX Benefit Trust, 
which is 4.51%; and the public holds about 11.48%. 
So that, ladies and gentlemen, is the key is the order of some of the key parameters. I would like 
to open this for any questions that you might have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on strong ad growth of 20%. My question is any particular category you want to call 
out in terms of strong growth? And similarly, any category which has slowed down? And are you 
also working on the analytics in terms of measurement because now it is a big size and clearly, 
the advertisers still ask for the ROA measurement, etc.? So that could be helpful. And do you 
expect the strong growth to continue because now your base is becoming a bit higher? 
Deepak Asher: 
I think what is pretty obvious from the numbers is that while our box office performance 
continues to remain a bit flattish, essentially because occupancies are not going up significantly. 
In fact, they remain in the 29% to 31% range. There is usually a moderate price increase, which 
is largely inflation driven of about 5% to 6% per annum. And that, to some extent, subsidizes the 
impact of the occupancy not going up. But the key drivers of our profitability have been in 
significant increase in advertising revenues. And as you might recall, what used to be advertising 
revenues of roughly about Rs.4 lakhs to Rs.5 lakhs per screen per annum per quarter have now 
gone up to around Rs.8.24 lakhs per screen per quarter. So we have called out a couple of years 
ago that our focus was to ensure that this has a significant growth rate going forward. And we are 
happy to inform you that despite some delays in initial phase in achieving this kind of growth, we 
have been able to show a 20% absolute growth rate and about a 15% per screen growth rate on 
these metrics. And the same is very true for  other operating revenue, during this quarter, we 
were not able to exhibit that kind of growth due to the some abnormal one-off kind of issue that 
there is. But I think these 2 are the key drivers of our profitability. 
Abneesh Roy: 
For this 20% growth, how much will be the volume growth and how much will be the yield 
growth? 
Deepak Asher: 
Given how much is because of the rate increase and how much is because of the minutes 
increase? 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes. 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, again, we are not sharing that data specifically. But I think to a large extent, it will be a mix 
of both. I don’t think I have that in front of me, but I think both the minutes as well as the rates 
have contributed to increase  in advertising revenue. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So my second question is related to what you just now said. You said occupancy is remaining in 
the 29% to 31%. The ATP hike for the like-to-like properties, only 2.4% versus historically, we 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 6 of 15 
have seen more like 5% to 6%. So is this because of the mix? Or you are deliberately trying to 
have a lower hike so that the occupancy levels can become higher? And for the full year, you 
expect 5% to 6% ATP growth? 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, I think, yes. The second question first. Yes, we would expect a 5% to 6% ATP growth for 
the full year. I think the increase in this quarter would appear to be a bit subdued, also because 
remember, last year, this quarter, we have Baahubali, which was, in a sense, a blockbuster. And 
therefore, then it would not a fair apples-to-apples comparison. But yes, over a longer period, we 
would expect a 5% to 6% ATP improvement. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And one question on Baahubali. Top 5 films this quarter are 46%, while in the base it was 63%. 
So I am seeing now this trend that now we have more number of medium-budget hits rather than 
a big blockbuster, at least last three four months, we have seen that. Is that what is leading to this 
data? Or do you think Baahubali is the reason for the 63% in the base for top 5? 
Deepak Asher: 
Frankly, I think if your distribution of films is wider in the sense that the top 5 films contribute to 
lesser of in terms of footfalls and box office collections, it is better because that means you have 
more films doing well rather than depending on just 4 or 5 blockbusters in a full year. Now in 
other markets, the U.S., for example, if I remember right, the top 5 films contribute around 15% 
to 17% of footfalls in box office, which means they are not dependent on the contents being 
driven by just 4 or 5 releases, which if they fail to do well at the box office, there is a washout. 
So it is better that you have the success of movies distributed widely amongst more movies rather  
than concentrated over a couple of titles. 
Abneesh Roy: 
That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Urmil Shah: 
Congrats on the strong performance on F&B as well as ad. I had a follow-up on advertisement 
growth. For the rest of the year where at least the expectation of this late is very strong and we 
won't have the base impact I think this quarter. Should we expect that the ad growth to accelerate 
from the number it is in Q1? 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, it depends on what you mean by accelerate. As I kept on saying, it is difficult to predict an 
exact number. But we do expect the momentum of growth to be maintained. And hence, if you 
mean by accelerate that the growth rate itself will go up, then maybe it would not. In fact, as 
Abneesh pointed out in the previous question, if the growth rate itself might be moderate because 
now we have a higher base, but certainly, the growth momentum will be maintained going 
forward. 
Urmil Shah: 
Sure. Good to see a good screen addition YTD. And you are also increasing  the target for FY 
2019. Last quarter, you had said that you are being ultra conservative in giving out those 55 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 7 of 15 
screen number. So should we expect that as the execution continues, there is an upside to the 
number you have given in this quarter as well? 
Deepak Asher: 
Yes. We maintain that. Our internal targets are much larger than this. But before, it might be 
better to under promise and overperform rather than the other way around. 
Urmil Shah: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Kirve from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
Thanks for the opportunity. This is regarding the F&B issues in the State of Maharashtra. So 
Maharashtra government in the Bombay High Court had stated that it was asked to come out with 
the policy after the discussion with the stakeholders, including the multiplex operator. So I just 
wanted to know have there been any discussions with the Maharashtra government on these 
issues? 
Deepak Asher: 
Yes. Actually, we have been called for a meeting with the Home Department under which 
jurisdiction the cinema business falls. And we have submitted to the government our suggestions 
around this issue. We have also filed our contention, our legal contentions before the High Court 
and we expect that this proceeding also to conclude shortly. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
Right. And so in the meanwhile, what is the policy, if it has been adopted by the multiplexes as 
of now, I mean, regarding allowing the outside food, because anecdotally we know at least a few 
instances where outside food has been allowed by some of the top 2 or 3 chains in the country. 
So if you could comment on that. 
Deepak Asher: 
Sorry, could you please explain that? You said that you know about the top 2 or 3 chains in the 
country allow outside food? 
Yogesh Kirve: 
No. Anecdotally, we are aware of at least 1 or 2 instances where outside food had been allowed. I 
do not know how, widespread this practice is, so I wanted to know. So what is the policy, which 
has been agreed by the top chains? 
Deepak Asher: 
Okay. I cannot talk on behalf of all of the top chains, but what I can do is talk on behalf of INOX. 
Our stand on this is what the rules and the regulations are silent. And therefore, they do not 
expressly permit or do not expressly prohibit as far as outside food is concerned, but internally, 
our policy has been that we do not allow outside food to be brought in. For a variety of reasons, 
some of which are legal, some of which are commercial and some of which are also related to the 
safety, security, health and hygiene. So that continues to remain our stand. In exceptional 
circumstances, we might make an anecdotal exception. For example, there is an extremely aged 
person or somebody who clearly needs outside food because of health reasons. But that is more 
of an exception rather than a rule. As a general rule, outside food is not permitted. And this, 
again, is something, which is true of this business model not only in Maharashtra, not only in 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 8 of 15 
India but across almost anywhere else in the world, you will find the cinema's place such 
restrictions  on various grounds, including legal, commercial as well as safety and security. And 
this, again, as I said, is something that has evolved as a business model not just for cinemas, but 
even, for amusement parks, entertainment centers, sports stadiums, circuses, drama theaters and 
other similar entertainment options. 
Yogesh Kirve: 
Sure, appreciate that. Lastly, your capex, what sort of capex can we expect for FY 2019, 
especially on the upgradations and the maintenance side of the capex? 
Deepak Asher: 
So now, our budget for the next year, as I mentioned to you, we expect to open, going forward, 
about 40 screens from now till the end of March. This would entail very roughly an extra capex 
of roughly about Rs.3 Crores per screen. So that will be about Rs.120 Crores for Greenfield 
screens. And then we have a budget of roughly about Rs.30 Crores for our renovation capex, 
which means a total capex of about Rs.150 Crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Palak Mody from Mangal Keshav. Please go 
ahead. 
Palak Mody: 
Good afternoon Sir. I wanted to ask the same thing as to your views on state legislation allowing 
on the food inside multiplexes. I heard that already, but I wanted to know what would be your 
counter if they did pass this legislature, like if your request has been denied? If they allow, then 
the dual pricing policy that is also being in the news? 
Deepak Asher: 
Okay. So first, let us get the facts right. And then of course, we can  debate as to what could 
happen and what our reactions would be. There is no order by any High Court, much less the 
High Court of Bombay and I feel the need to clarify this because there are some people who have 
the impression, some media outlets have reported that the court has already passed some order to 
this effect. So let us get that cleared. There is no order passed by the court. 
Palak Mody: 
Yes. I know there is no order passed. If there was, do you already have a plan against it? I mean? 
Deepak Asher: 
. But what I would also like to say that there is no law passed by the government yet on this 
subject. And this, again, is contrary to public perception that the government has already allowed 
outside food to be brought in or some rule or regulation has already been passed. It has not. Yes, 
our minister has made a statement in the assembly, but that is yet to be legislated. And this, as far 
as we know, till this point of speaking it is not been legislative. Again, to be honest with you, I 
would not want to indulge in a speculative discussion on what we will do if this happens and 
what we will do if that happens because we have to see what will happen. We will have to 
examine what our options are depending on what has happened. And then, I am sure or I can 
assure you, that we will do whatever it is in the best interest of the company, its business and its 
performance. 
Palak Mody: 
Thank you Sir. That is all from my side. 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question. That is from the line of Darpan Thakkar from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Darpan Thakkar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. SPH has increased by 17.2% that is a sharp jump. So is there any 
particular reason behind it? And what is the comparable spend per head for the last year? 
Deepak Asher: 
The SPH has increased. And again, there could be 2 reasons for this increase or rather 3 reasons 
for this increase. Now again, we are not sharing with you right now what the break of each of 
these reasons could be. But I just wanted to mention that this increase could have been because of 
3 possible reasons. One is a greater conversion rate. So even if there is no change in prices or 
there is no change in the product mix. If more people who visit multiplexes buy food, then the 
SPH will increase. So if you had a conversion rate of, say I am just giving you an illustrative 
number 20% earlier and 25% now, that would lead to an increase in SPH. The second reason for 
an SPH increase would have been, if you have product mix in a sense, changes to something that 
is more inferior of higher-priced items rather than lower-priced items, even though you do not 
have a price increase, your SPH will increase. For example, instead of your standard pack being 
at Rs.150 popcorn, if more people buy the Rs.250 popcorn, then your SPH would increase even 
though the prices are both those packs were Rs.150 and Rs.250 in both these quarters. And the 
third will be if there was a price increase. Now again, there would probably be any price increase 
based on inflation. But I just wanted to clarify that the 17% increase is not necessarily as what 
normally would have been led by the price increase, but a mix of all these 3 parameters. 
Darpan Thakkar: 
Comparable numbers for this in the last year? 
Deepak Asher: 
For FY 2018, the comparable SPH that is for our comparable properties, right? It is 64 to 74, 
which is 16% increase. 
Darpan Thakkar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jigar Shah from Maybank. Please go ahead. 
Jigar Shah: 
Good evening. Congratulations for good results. My first question is about the advertising part of 
the business. It seems to be doing well. Can you give us some idea in terms of which are the 
corporate and the government kind of pockets from where you are getting this demand? I mean, 
is it possible, you are giving some more light on this and how sustainable it is. Do you see any 
correlation with the ad pick up in general, etc? If you can give more color on this. 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, I frankly, giving more information in terms of who are the key advertisers and what kind of 
channels of advertisers we have would, unfortunately, be competitively sensitive. 
Jigar Shah: 
I mean, not company names sectors. 
Deepak Asher: 
Yes. Again, that also would be sensitive to divulge in a public domain. We have given, I think, in 
the presentation a list of brand associations. So that will give you a fair kind of flavor of who the 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 10 of 15 
key advertisers are in terms of brand. But I do not think we can kind of discuss the growth 
strengths in each of these sectors or brands, specifically. 
Jigar Shah: 
Okay. On the recent controversy about bringing food from outside, etc., one of the point that is 
being talked about is that cinema exhibitors are charging more than the MRP. So on this I mean 
do you see any issue? Is this correct? And if there were to be changes made in that, would that 
lead to any contraction in the profitability that is direct, that 75% gross margin that you and your 
peers are earning? 
Deepak Asher: 
Okay. So first of all, to clarify, the MRP law applies to prepackaged commodities. Prepackaged 
commodities constitute a very small part of the F&B revenues. We do not break the MRP law, 
which means that our prepackaged commodities are sold at the MRP, and have been sold at the 
MRP historically, and will continue to be sold at the MRP. And hence, while there is no violation 
of law, to answer your question, there would not be a contraction of the revenue because that is 
something that we have always maintained. So frankly, this whole issue of MRP, to some extent, 
is overblown because it applies to a very small portion of our entire menu. 
Jigar Shah: 
That is very good to know. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swanand Kelkar from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Swanand Kelkar: 
Just one question. You mentioned that you have submitted a list of recommendations to your 
Home Department under whom this falls. And that you also filed your legal stand on the PIL, 
which has been filed. Can you just outline some of the recommendations and what is your legal 
stand on the same? 
Deepak Asher: 
No. Frankly, I think since the matter is subjudice it might be better not to discuss at this point of 
time. We will have to wait for the eventual decision of the government and the court before we 
can talk specifics. But obviously, our stand would be very similar to what we believe is the 
current business practice, which is, in our view, completely compliant with the law. And hence, 
not to change that. 
Swanand Kelkar: 
Okay. So I understand that, but have the power that we been receptive to what you have been 
saying? So has there been a good hearing into what your stand side of the argument has been? 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, yes, I do believe that they have heard us. And they, in a sense see our point of view. But 
eventually, what will be decided is something that only the future can tell. 
Swanand Kelkar: 
Good luck, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from Investec Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Amit Kumar: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Just a quick bunch of questions. There is a very steep 
declining other operating income, if you can just help us understand what happened there in this 
particular quarter? 
Deepak Asher: 
So essentially, 2 components of the other operating income fell down. One was the VPF revenues 
which fell because there was a sunset clause on Hollywood releases. So that portion of that 
revenue will not happen going forward. And secondly, earlier in the pre-GST regime, we had an 
entertainment tax exemption and the refund under our exemption scheme was accounted for over 
here. But now that is, in a sense, subsumed in the GST cost. And hence that ET subsidy, which 
was I think about, the delta on that is 2.5 Crores, that also will not happen going forward. 
Amit Kumar: 
So just given the fact that the GST transition has happened from 2Q onwards, we did not sort of 
see this impact in the previous 3 quarters. Any particular reason why that is there I mean in the 
previous 3 quarters, your other operating revenues had grown very marginal, but still, we have 
seen an increase? Any reason why this is sort of hitting us this time around? 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, frankly, the ET subsidy, in a sense, had vanished earlier as well. But what happened was it 
got subdued or it is subjugated by the higher increase in convenience fees that we charge from 
our electronic ticket vendors. Now, of course, that increase has, in a sense, stabilized. And hence, 
you see the dip because of the ET subsidy going away. 
Amit Kumar: 
Understood. Then Sir very very quickly we had with the Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom release, 
we had some sort of an issue with our new content partner with the Hollywood studio in terms of 
the IMAX release, that also as per trade estimates have impacted collections around Rs.20 to 30-
odd Crores. If you could just highlight what happened there and sort of what is really going on, 
on that side? 
Deepak Asher: 
I request Alok to take that one. 
Alok Tandon: 
Well, nothing at all. The movie ran in IMAX, and we have no issues at all with the content 
provider. 
Amit Kumar: 
I mean, there was 1 film which did not sort of see an IMAX release, and there was an issue in 
terms of they would sort of saying something in terms of sharing of revenue or something of that 
sort, either higher revenue sharing or I am not sure what exactly. 
Deepak Asher: 
No. Not at all. All movies, which were to be released in IMAX were released in IMAX. 
Amit Kumar: 
Okay, understood. Final one from my end Sir, and you always see Hindi, English and regional 
sort of breakdown in this particular quarter? 
Deepak Asher: 
So in this quarter, Hindi was 61%, English was 20% and Regional was 19%. Just to give you a  
flavor in comparison for FY2018, again Q1, Hindi was 66%. So in that sense, it fell from 66% to 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 12 of 15 
61%. And that is largely, there was English, which was 14%, increased to 20%, essentially 
because of Avengers; and Regional, which was 20% remained at around 19%. 
Amit Kumar: 
All right. Understood Sir. I have just one final point. I know this is still in the realm of theory and 
in this entire F&B issue. But one of the elements that you sort of looking at here is that, I mean, 
people any which way sort of go out and pay higher-priced F&B in a mall of in settings where 
they can any which ways bring outside food as well, right? So the question that we were sort of 
grappling withis that where is that price-sensitive audience or what is the share of so to see the 
price-sensitive audience in this business? And one of the elements there was Monday to 
Thursday, the pre-evening footfalls, that is where you really have the audience which sort of 
wants to come to our multiplex but at a lower price point. Would you have any sort of data 
offhand on what proportion of your total footfalls would be contributed by that audience set? 
Deepak Asher: 
No. Well, I do not have the data offhand. But you see the issue is not that I mentioned just a 
commercial issue, the issue of allowing outside food to be brought in is also an issue which has 
to do with safety and security and there have been instances in the last 15 years, I can think of at 
least 3 instances where articles of danger, of imminent danger, potential dangers have brought in 
the guise of food, in tiffin boxes and water bottles, etc. There have been some deaths and several 
injuries reported because of this kind of incidence and so I think that is a very important 
consideration that these to be kept in mind before, a policy is formed on this. Therefore a 
decision is taken on this because as you know, multiplexes have about a 1,000 people sitting at 
any point in time. And the last thing you want to do is for them to be setting duck targets for any 
threat of this kind. These are family entertainment centers. We want them to be family 
entertainment centers. And therefore, we also would want to guard against the danger of alcohol 
or drugs or any other such abuse substance being brought in, in the guise of food. And lastly, of 
course, there are question of health and hygiene. We serve what we believe is top quality food. 
And if you allow people to bring in whatever they want to, there is also, in a sense, a sacrifice on 
the overall consumer experience of not just those people, but even the other patrons who are not 
bringing in outside food. So we need to balance all these things before the government takes a 
final policy decision on this. 
Amit Kumar: 
All right. Understood. I just noticed you had crossed 500-screen milestone and that is a pretty big 
milestone for  the company, socongratulations on that. That is from my end. 
Deepak Asher: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish M from Bonanza Portfolio. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish M: 
With this current EBITDA margin of, of approximately 20%. Is it sustainable or going to 
decrease as we have increased our screens and all that doing with Capex? 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Deepak Asher: 
No. I mean, frankly, why would it reduce? The EBITDA margin is not only sustainable, but we 
would also expect it to improve if is our drive towards improving advertising and other operating 
revenues increases. And also, as you open more screens, the common corporate cost would be 
shared by the higher number of screens and hence, there will be some element of operating 
leverage that will also kick in. So clearly, the EBITDA margin is sustainable. And in fact, the 
goals would be to try and improve that. 
Manish M: 
Sir current net debt as of now, even in the books? 
Deepak Asher: 
Sorry? 
Manish M: 
Current net debt on the books as of now? 
Deepak Asher: 
Current debt if I remember that would be roughly about Rs.280 Crores of but that is not the net 
debt, that is a gross debt versus that we have cash on the books of about roughly Rs.50 Crores. 
And we have treasury stock, which is quasi-cash of roughly about Rs.90 Crores. So there is about 
Rs.140 Crores of cash / quasi-cash versus Rs.280 Crores of debt. 
Manish M: 
And Sir what about the capex that you are doing? It is from internal accrual or mix of internal or 
that and how much is the percentage share of each? 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, as I mentioned to you, the capex anticipated for the next nine months would be roughly in 
the tune of about Rs.150 Crores, Rs.120 Crores for Greenfield properties and about 30 Crores for 
renovation capex? And it would be safe to assume, this would be funded roughly about.65%, 
35% debt equity. And hence, roughly about Rs.100 Crores of debt versus about Rs.50 Crores to 
Rs.60 Crores of equity, which would be funded through our accruals. 
Manish M: 
Thank you Sir. That is all from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Doshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. This is regarding the F&B issue again. The stand that we understand 
are based on what we have seen on the TV is that government seems to have taken that 
Maharashtra Cinema Regulation Rules, 1996, does not mention or sort of prohibit outside food. 
And like you rightly mentioned, it is, either way, they have not allowed as well as there is no 
provision for disallowing as well. Now, what is the current regulation or rules for the other 
important states for this industry? Would rules for Delhi, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu be very similar? 
Or there is a clause, which sort of clearly says that outside food should not be allowed? 
Deepak Asher: 
As far as I know, in almost all the states, almost all of them except one. But in almost all the 
other states, the rules are exactly like they are in Maharashtra, which means there is no specific 
mention either for allowing or for prohibiting outside food from being brought in. And hence, our 
view is that unless the law specifically prohibits something, you have constitutional right to carry 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 14 of 15 
out business in a manner that you choose to, except that as long as it is legal. So that has been our 
contention. The only place where there is a change I believe is in Delhi where because of the fact 
that there was 2 bomb incidents in fact in Delhi, there the Cinema Regulations themselves have 
specifically provided that outside food, tiffin boxes, water bottles, etc., will not be allowed and 
have instructed us to do so as a part of the licensing condition. But as I said, except for that, 
which was related to that incident, the all other states are virtually identical on this aspect. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. That is very helpful. The second one, a follow-up on the same thing is, what is the 
way forward? So let’s us assume that you are able to reach an understanding or negotiate or able 
to convince the state government in Maharashtra, but then that does not stop other governments 
to take a similar stand and it will consume a lot of management bandwidth and resources to sort 
of try and explain the same arguments to every single state. On the other hand, if this matter sort 
of proceeds in the court? And if you get a favorable ruling from the High Court, will that sort of 
apply to all the other governments as well, that ruling? Or that litigations or different 
governments can still happen? 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, as far as I know, based on my knowledge of the law, if the Bombay High Court passes a 
certain ruling, that has a strong persuasive impact on other States, but not binding impact. So the 
high courts are free to take decisions based on their own understanding of the law and their own 
interpretation of the law. But the fact that Maharashtra on the virtually similar rules has taken a 
certain call or judgment would have, as I said, a persuasive impact. Now, we, ourselves are 
discussing this internally with other advisors on how can we solve this problem in a more 
enduring fashion and also in a manner that covers a wider geography. Obviously, I cannot 
discuss our strategy with you. But we are ceased of that issue. And we are looking at several 
options to try and address that issue at a wider scale and for a more durable long-term solution. 
Jay Doshi: 
Thank you so much and wish you the very best for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Dokania from IDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Dokania: 
Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. The bulk of the questions have been asked just one 
continuation to the previous question. So let us say if nothing has been told by the courts over the 
next sort of a week or 10 days and as the minister had said in the ministry that from August 1, 
people can carry outside food at least in Maharashtra, do you foresee a sort of a law-and-order 
problem? And if yes, would you be sort of trying to approach the courts in a hurry and try to get a 
stay order on something of that sort? 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, there is no stay order to be served at this point of time because, as I said, there is no law 
that has been passed, no rules that have been passed, there is no clarification, no circular, no 
notification, no instruction, nothing at all. So despite that statement of the Honorable Minister in 
the assembly, a mere statement does not make the law, is what we have been advised. So unless 
there is something specific and proactive done by the government, I do not think that August 1st 

 
 
 
 
      INOX Leisure Limited 
July 24, 2018 
 
Page 15 of 15 
deadline will come into play. If something is done, I mean, that is again a hypothetical question, 
we will examine what the options are depending on what exactly is done and how we can react to 
that. 
Rohit Dokania: 
So suffice to say that probably, you will have to will you sort of look at increasing the security at 
the multiplexes, how it is versus now since from August 1? 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, again, it is speculative. We do not know how the situation will emerge. We will do 
whatever is necessary to protect our property, our patrons and to safeguard the interest of our 
customers. If that is one option that we need to exercise, then we will. But I am not sure we have 
reached that stage yet. 
Rohit Dokania: 
Obviously I appreciate that, sure, thanks sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Amish Kanani: 
I understand that it will be difficult to estimate, but is there a timeline to the whole thing? By 
which time do we expect this to get sorted out in the sense that is the court taking this issue as 
something, which need to be dealt with in a hurry? Or do you think it can drive on for quarters? 
Because of the coming election, this being a popular issue, our politicians and people might get 
dragged beyond, say, this fiscal? 
Deepak Asher: 
No. Frankly, we cannot predict a timeline to this because it depends on 2 things, both of which 
are beyond our control. How far the court matter is argued before the court and how much time 
the court takes to come to a judgment and how much time the government takes to form a policy 
on this and announce it. So frankly, both those are not in our control. And hence, I do not think 
we can put a timeline to this. Just as we need to continue our business as we are. And if anything 
comes up that hinders or impacts our business or causes any kind of disruptions, then we will 
take whatever action is required to protect that. 
Amish Kanani: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Deepak Asher: 
Well, once again, thank you very much for your interest. And we hope we do continue going 
forward as well. That is it from our side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital, that concludes today's conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
