August 03, 2018 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
(Scrip Code : 532687)
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Sandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
(Scrip Symbol -REPRO) 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on August 1, 2018 
x::PRO 
fDliC.\TIOSAl CONff\1 '4!\MCEME'vl 
10 l)tlJVIIY ¾>luno,ǂ 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call conducted by the Company on August 1, 2018. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Repro India limited, 
\I 
Kaja! Damania 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
.. ---<"---...:.----:i---<----·---... 
Ccwpot.1tt S. Rǆist(rf'd Oflkt 
l'fll'U lnd!,1 Um,lt'II 
1 llh flont, Sul'l P.u.w.l1w aǇ1,-.. 1'1,11;i, 
I 
B Wi11g, sǈmǉli Bilp<ll Mat):;. lo,,, l'f 1•.u .. 1, 
,\.1ombai -"400 01 ), IL'lffi.i 
Tri:. _..q\.22· "1q1-$(ll10 
r-..x: ,Q\,1?-71914001 
CIN: I l2200MHl<,N1Pl(07 Ii! II 
+\1.lh;)pc' 
ǃǄ_, 
II,-ǅ ==  1!;''1"-
':::
i 
o 
r
,£., 
C>-------------1 ,__badtw 
I 
f'lul No. SO/? tll MIOC lndin111o1.I Art>J. 
!'1,tlh.lpt•. N,1H \Unh,ti -400 111l 
Pinc ,o. IJO 10 9.J, 1 bS S11t.tl Sp.•r 1,11 1 "Ǌ•r Zoo!' 
Rtǋ 1'o 11 GICK Sildlln Sllf.lt l(M 110 
Tel. .. '11 •!.2•717B5000 
ff'I; <t-02"1 ) 107J%,·1J7 ]jl_lf:ltl95,,"}i 
f•1: +tJ1-2.l-n7&S01 l 
faJ.: •02f,1 21GII010 
ChfM..11i 
Nn 14(, b\f C0o1s.1 i-!o.td \11111wo1nkl-"fl1 
Cǌ1n.d ,.<)()115. 
fǍt ♦CJI -•f•1.l4ǎ1J 0110 
fa: Ǐ•tl-4 .. 24AtJ031b 

"Repro India Limited Q 1 FY' 19 Earnings Conference Call" 
August 01, 2018 
('. 
.. 
0
11
U
i ♦(
'4
l
t
• 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAMOD KHERA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, REPRO 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MUKESH DHRUVE- FCNANCE DIRECTOR, REPRO 
INDIA LIMITED 
Page 1 of 14 

Moderator: 
Mukcsh Dhruvc: 
Pnmod Khera: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
Oood day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Rcpro India L1milcd QI FY 19 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder sH par1icipant lines will be in the list..:n•only mode (Ind 1hcrc 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during lhc conference calJ. please signal an operator by pressing·•· lhc:n ·o· on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over 10 Mr. Mukesh Dhruve. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Good afkrnoon ladies and gentlernen and aH stake holders. Welcome back 10 this con-c::ill of 
Repro India Lirnited. We truly appreciate your participation and it has been a very exci1ing 
quar'ter. I hand over to my colleague Df. Pramod Khera who will take you Lhroug.h the resuhs 
Lha1 we have artnounced today. 
Titank you Mukcsh. Good evening to everybody. We have sem the presentation to an slightly 
late but we had 1he AGM 1oday, so aller 1he board meeting and hence the delay. Also. 
henceforth we will be putting up the results and 1he presema1ion onto the \\ebsite: also the con­
call details and we'll discontinue the practice of sending e-mail because a whole lot of issue in 
tcnns of right e-mail address and email may not reaching etc. So. nomu1Jty on the day thnl we 
announce lhe resuhs evening 4.30 would be the conference call and the presentation will be 
available both on the BSE website as well as on the Repro website. 
( will just take you through 1hc presentation and la1er on you can have questions depending on 
wha1 anyone of you would like to know more. 
Firs, slide talks about the key strategies ror 2018-19. We had ronnulatcd these strategics al 
beginning of the year and which is actually continuation of Lhe las, two years 1hat direc1ion and 
the Slr'dlegy. We arc growing the c-retail business and we arc trying 10 create a platrorm. a 
robust platform which can give us exponential growth going forward. The objective is to focus 
on the right ctJstomers in the prim business. focusing on the MNCs both domestic and global. 
l11e l1nanciaJ consolidation continues. focus is thenŲ on cash flows and collections and 
reduction of expenses so 1hat we gel a heallhy bonom line, So. tha1 has been the strategy and 
1he results tha1 \Ve hHve announced for Quar1er l are in line with the strategy. 
Going on IO the key highlighis in terms of the financial highlights ror the quarter; as you are 
aware our quancrs arc comparable for the same quarter in the previous year. So. if you 
compare this current quarter which is 1he Quarter I of 2018-19 wilh the Quarter I of 2017-18, 
we arc seeing a good growth of .38o/o of the revenues which have incrca'ied from 70 crores 10 
97 crores almosL Operating profiL also has shown a healthy growth. Most important is the PAT 
which has jumped 10 5.33 crores compared to 2.42 crorcs. Now ell this hos happcnc<I while 
keeping an eye on collections hence there is a reduction of deblors and reduction of borrov.·rng 
which t have more details in subseque.nl slides. 
Page 2 of 14 

• 7>
\!: 
E.PR<J 
Repro India Limited 
August 01. 2018 
The Rcpro books in demand; the key highlights on the next slide, !he grow1h is continuing, We 
have strong relationship with Amazon and we are developing a similat Slf'Orig relationship wi1h 
Flipkan.. ll1c Ing.ram. a:lobal connec1 pro1ram is going, strong and we arc seeing good tracuon 
for international books in lhe fndian mi:lfkct. We have experimented with a pilot for schools for 
K 12 offerings. We did 8 schools along with Amazon where \1/e looked at the books that the 
school was prcsc-ribing, grade wise we procured the books from publishers.. so we c-rea1cd kits 
and we created stores ror schools on Amazon where parents could login and order books which 
were delivered 10 them al doorstep. Seeing the success that we've got from this pilot we arc 
now gearing up by investing in sales and manpower. so that we build a strong funnel for school 
in the next academic year which \vould s1an from January February nexl year. July. 2018 was 
an eventful month for us where we shilled 10 our new facility in Bhiwandi which is a much 
larger facility which gives us the opponunily to streamline our operations and also enhance the 
capacities. So, this has go'I operational and now we are in the process of nug.mc:nting the 
capacity LO 12.000 books per day as was informed to all of you in one of the pre\•ious 
conference call. Then once this Bhiwandi facility e,cpansion is completed and stabilizes. \\C 
will immediate.ly embark upon setting up setting up the two new facilitic!S, one in Bangalore 
another Delhi and hopefully both of these should come up within this financial year. 
July, 2018 "Ƙ con1inuƙ with the trend or growll1 which we have been seeing quarter.on, 
quaner. As you would recall last qunner we had clocked a run rate of more 1han 7 crorcs per 
month, 7.2 or 7.3. This month we were well on 1rack of touching 9 crores for the first 21 days 
after which the shifting happened and we had to close down our seller flex site but the run rate 
or9 crc,res is where we arc today. We are doing almosl selling 9000 books per day which were 
7.500 books last quaner. So. quaner-on-quartcr the growth is continuing and in the coming 
quancrs also we should be seeing similar son of a growth on the sales on Rcpro Books on 
dcmund. 
Going to the next slide which is on the print business; our str.uegy of r0<.:using on key 
customers which are strategic so that we enter imo a pannership arrangement rather 1han 
tnmsactionaJ arrangement with the client has yielded results and focus on shifting 10 <.:licnls 
where paymems are secure, the mul1ina1ional clients aJso is working. Mon; than 30% ol 
businesses coming from MNC customers and the idea is to g,ivc them customized solution. The 
customized solution either on a giving them content scr\'iccs or warehousing in fulfillment 
services which are integnued wilh the printing and the dis1ribu1ion. So. this is a s1ra1c!gy we 
adopted. 
Expons also have seen a good growth and similar type of mult.inational customers is what ,-.·c 
are focusing on the cxpon business.. Export business also has become more broad-based where 
we are gcuing more business from countries from the Francophone region of Africa which 
includes country like Cameroon. Ivory Coast and also coun1ry like Kenya and South Africa in 
the East and West of Africa. 
Page 3 of 14 

Moderator: 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Pramod Khera: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
We closed the quarter with the closing order book of 4 7 crores, so this gives us n good stan 
into the Quarter 2. 
Coming to the financial highlighlS; Lht next slide talks about consolidated financials: for Rcpro. 
As I have mentioned this quaner compared to the same quaner pre,.rious year v.·c ha\·C seen a 
healthy growth, the top line as well as 1he bonom line. And also. if you compare this quarter 
results with the previous quarter. there has been for _growth and if you remove the effect of the 
other income on the gross profit and PAT. are <)uite comparable. llighlight: 38% growth in 
revenue QI over QI. operating profit ha.s gone up to I0.58 crores and PAT 10 5.33 crorcs. I 
have alre.ady talked about lhis in my opening slide. 
Debtorsś the trend that we have been seeing ove.r the past few quaners. n .. -duction of debtors: 
continues. Net debtor stands at 8 2.4 crores. As I had mentioned in the previous quaner since 
lhat w·as a quancr where we did a lol of business for lhe domestic clients. the <lebtorS had 
increased but the recovery also is along similar lines and 1he debtors arc well under control. As 
a resull of aJI this even our requirement for s.hon•term debt has come down and which now 
stands at 76.6 crores. Overall dcbl is 124 croresgiving us a debl equity ra1io of jus1 0.46. 
The las1 slide gives a one-page result for consolidaied Repro and which I think all or you 
woutd be having or \VOuJd had a look at. Thal brings me lO the end of Lhis presentation and 
now we can open the noor and we can take questio11s from any of you who are interested 10 
know anything funhcr of the result 1ha1 \!/C have just talked about. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The lir$l quŜtion 
is from l11e line of Kumar Saurabh, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
One question I have on books on demand; if 1 see 1hc Q 1 result or if I sec the run-rule number 
of9000 books, curren1ly it looks like we are almos1 al 100 crores per annum. So, will it be 
possible co gi\le some kind of breakup, whal are the major key expenses in this business and 
what is lhc share of ex.pc,nses if we consider the tentative revenues around I 00 crorcs? 
This business is retail business. so typically an)• retail business works on the contribution tha1 
you get from the sale of goods.. The contribution varies with the type of books that you arc 
selling, international the contribution is higher, domestic for front titles the compclition is 
there. the contribution is lower and back titles where there is no cornpe1i1ion contribution is 
higher. So. 1he idea is to maximize the contribution so 1hat from the contribution then you arc 
able 10 cover your overheads which give you the EBITDA. So, if you see this quaner results 
for books on demand, we have turned around and we pos1ed a positive EBITDA. marginal but 
we are no longer burning cash. That's the positive sign and going forward this should gtO\\, 
and we should stan contributing to the overall profits or the comp1:1ny. 
Page 4 of 14 

Kumar Saurabh: 
Pramod Khtra: 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Pramod Khera: 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Pramod Khera: 
Moderator: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
Ir I see the last year result as per annual rcpon. my under$tanding is Lhc non-iraditional 
business contributed 10 I 3 crores of loss annually and this is at PBT level and this quarter ai 
PBT level it looks like almost around I. I crorcs. So, as you said we have turned EBITD/1 
posith·c. So, what I'm understanding is thal lhc revenue is growing up, the trajt:el0ry of lhe 
losses coming down is playing out. is my assumption correct'? 
That is correcc yes. 
Arc we doing My business in Rapplcs pan because last 2-3 quaner we didn't discuss. so I 
understand it looks like it bas become in.significant but is there any contribution from Rapplcs 
coming eithet on the revenue side or are investing anything in Rapplcs? 
No we arc not investing anything more like l have been saying in the past few conference caJls. 
We are just servicing the schools which are already there and if through reference we get any 
new schools we arc taking those up. Now going forward onee our K12 business. book 
distribution takes off 1hcn we will have more access to schools and we will try to bundle in 
Rapples also. Bui currcntJy as of now we are not investing in saJes or marke1ing for 1his 
product. 
One last question on the domestic publisher side arc we doing more tie-ups. can you educate 
more on the domes1ic publisher side how we are working on? 
There are close 10 9000 publishers in India, out of which may be around I 50 10 200 publishers 
would be the large publishers. And our first auempt has been to tie-up with these publishers 
and more or less we have most of the large publishers on board. These publishers the focus is 
now to acquire more and more titles from the catalog so that we ant able to broad-base our 
range of books that we have on offer and diffc:renl segments with diffcren1 strategics. So. there 
is the test-prep segment which is very-.. •ery amenable to the solution 1hat we arc oOC.nng \lihich 
is books on demand bec.,;'lusc lest date gets announced and immediately books are rtquired. So. 
there the titles keep on changing and we have to nlways keep procuring the new lites from the 
publishers and make them available. Academic books are more stable aild whereas on 
academic said books are also once you acquire 1he tides these are the larger range of titles to 
cover the entire gamut of on'"erings that arc required for different streams or academics. Then 
coming to K 12: K l2 is again these are prescribed books. So, depe.nding upon what books have 
been prescribed by schools we have to procure those titles. And last category is the trade 
segment, now trade segment is basically fiction, reference books and here again whenever nc\,
titles are launched ,,,.c do pre•orders before the books coming 10 che market, we are able tC> 
aggregate orders so that on the day the book is launched we are ready with the books 10 be 
deli\•ercd. So. like you said dill'en:111 s'lrnlegics for dilierent segments and aucmp1 is 10 get 
1nore and more publishers on board and to get more and more 1itles from lhe catalog onboard 
The nc.'<l question is from lhc line of Amit Verma. an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Page 5 of 14 

Amit Verma: 
Prnmod Khera: 
Amit Verma: 
Pr-amod Khcra: 
Arnie Verma: 
Pramod Khera: 
Moderator: 
,Shand Tripathl; 
Pramod Khera: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
Was there any increase in the paper price because we did 7% on gross margin in effect of 7%. 
The paper prices have hardened. tl1ey ha,.·e increased and normally we arc able to pass on these 
costs to the publishers because the publishCf!i all are aware of what the paper costs arc. TIH:rt 
could be a slight lag of maybe 2 or 3 mOnlhS because board contracts which we hƑwe with 
publishers will take son1e time to execute those. Othe.r,.11ise our costs of raw material have been 
more or less in line if you compare the previous few quarters. 
The next question was on the books on demand, did you see any drop in July sale.s for books 
on demand? 
No. like I mentioned July we have touched the run rate of almosl 9000 books per day. But we 
were shifting to a new location and that's when we had to stop selling 1hc books till our shilling 
was completed, so ,11a1 was the last 10 days. Otherwise if you look al the daily run rate tha1 ha.$ 
been growing month on roonth and week on week we will see grow1h. 
M)1 final question 011 the business side. so once we scale so do we get economics of scale in
tcnns of purchase of1he raw material, how are we going to increase our margins now since we 
have broken even, so what is the exponential rise whh the rise of sales in EBITDA'l 
The books on demand right now like J said our focus is lO grow and expand the market and 10 
acquire more titles \\fhich would give us a good market share and once scale is achieved our 
overheads a.re no1 going to grow at the same nne cu which the contribution is going co increase 
and !hereby the EBITDA margin should also keep improving as we go along. 
The next question is from the line of Sharod Tripathi from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Can you rcnlly highlight on the: capacity addition pfan under POD going forward from u on..:· 
year or t\>,:o-year·s perspective? And second. only one clarification for this quaner your other 
income has dropped sharply, so can you throw some light on that? 
As far as capacities ore concerned like I mcntfoned in the presentation we are augmenting the 
capacities in Mumbai which will go upco 12.000 books per day. Now this capacity is for books 
011 demand, we arc also pre-priming books. Based upon cenain demand estimates we prin1 in 
advam.--e and for tha1 we have sepanuc capacity. We also pick up stock from the publisher 
wherever we find thal tllere is a surety of sales coming in 1he month or so. So. if you see our 
sales typically one-third of soles we do print on demand and two thirds is from prc·printcd 
sux:k or the stock that we picked up from publishers. When we are saying a capacity of 12.000 
tl1eoretically we can sell three times of that number with the snmc capacity. So, I hope that 
gives you some idea about the capacities. On 1he other income Mukesh would like to take the 
question? 
Page 6 of 14 

.Mukesh Ohruve: 
Pramod Khtra: 
Sharad Trlpathl: 
Pramod Khera: 
.Moderntor: 
Ani.-udh She.tty: 
Pramod Khe-ra: 
Anirudh Shelly: 
Pramod Khera: 
Anirudh Shttty: 
Pramod Khera: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 201 B 
We had a 101 of-if you remember last year we had a 101 of ourƃld debtor., which "• 
collected back. Now those which we collected back were added as other mcome bul however 
against those other income we had made provisions of contingencies which. include our 
payinem to workers., one•time stock. various items were there. So. whatever income W\! had 
receJved we had almost made contingent provisions against that. As compared to thin tl1is umc 
mny have not received much of the debtors back but going forward in the coming quarter we 
should be getting those old outSlillldiog back, 
Just to add to what Mukcs.h said. we have made provisions as per fnd AS for deb1.on; which are 
old and if we recover lhosc moneys then we write-back as other income. So. thal is what has 
been happening in the previous quarter and lhis quarter there was no such recovery, 
A.fly particular reason about that? 
These were dcblors which have been written off and there arc aJI aucmpts to recover tha, 
money. h takes Lime 11t1d going forward like Mukesh said we arc quilc hoperul of rccovc.nng 
more money in lhc coming quarters, 
The next question is from the line of Anirudh Sheny from Solidarity Investment Please go 
a.head. 
This sales of BODC for 9 crores those arc only for 21 days of this quancr? 
No, so 9 crores we would have achieved in July ir we would have continued 10 operate al the 
run rate which I talked about 9000 books per day for the full month, However, because we 
were shilling we were operating only for 21 days, 
So, 9 crorcs was for the full month and on an anounlize<I basis you do roughly abQu1 120 crores 
give or take? 
Corre<:I. Irthnt is the run r:ue, we would do around 108 crores. 
So. we arc looking to gain more and more tillcs and wt.:. hl}ve this tie-up with t11gram I just 
wanted to know exactly how docs il work? If you have a tic up wilh Ingram who has gol this 
entire network of publishers, is it considered a done deal thal we can get lhc titles from 
publishers or is 1here extrn effort lhot Repro needs to take and make to actually go and get the 
title? What I'm crying to get 31 is when the publishers despite being logrrun wouldn ·1 
participate they know who is sharing of their 1illc, 
Ingram is an aggrcgator of content. They have aggregated more thttn 14 million lilies from 
45,000 publishers. Now tl1ese publishers Lhcy have to be made aware of lhe market of India. 
the. potential in lndia so that they give right for selling those titles- in India and also the titles 
that they mjght have given to Ingram might not be the complete set. They could have so,m; 
Page 7 of 14 

Anirudh Shetty: 
Pramod Khera: 
Anirudh Shelly: 
Prarnod Khera: 
. Modtrator: 
Amit Jain: 
Pramod Khera: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
titles which are more relevant for India. so we need to go and talk to them and educate them 
abou1 what type of books are selling in (ndia so thal they give us the right title and the relevant 
lilies. So. there is some amount of work that we need to do. However, once :i publisher has 1ied 
up with lngram it becomes easy ror us 10 access that publisher and get more and more tillcs 
from them. 
The nc.:w POD model would definitely havi: a di ITcn:nt return on capital employed as compared 
to our traditional print business gh•en that there could be a higher share of back title \\ hich are 
higher contribution margin plus it makes it a working capital as well. So. do \\C have a sense of 
on a steady-stat!! basis what kind of a reium on capitaJ employed lh1s business will generate? 
It's a bit early to really talk about that. We arc in the aggregauon model. Now if you look at 
any of the aggregation models either in the hospitality indusiry or in a travel industry, lhese nrc 
very nsse1-ligh1 models. So, similarly we arc also not going to be investing in any copyright or 
any acquisition of ai;setS which arc relevant for us ror sale and only for production side. So. 
going forv:ard our investments arc going to be light and Jikc you correctly mentioned working 
capitaJ is also going to be negativeň So. hopefully with scaJe we should be able to get good 
rewms on capital. 
So. directionally we will see on improvement given the favorable ... ? 
Yes. 
llte next question is from the line of Amil Jain. an individual investor. Please go ahead . 
I just wanted to have ru1 understanding about our school project: I wanted to understand how 
we arc actually adding value to chc school. '-"'hat our pitch 10 them is? And my second question 
would be around whal's our roadmap and what's our expectation from the school segmen1? 
If you look at lhe schools model. currently the wny it works is that the school describes the tcx1 
books then they procure the books from the publisher,; directly or through distributors or 
dealers and then the parents go to the school and there are stalls which have kept in the school 
for certain days and the parents have to pay and pick up the ki1 and go home. Sometimes the 
full kits are not available so they might have to go again and so that's what happens in most of 
the schools. So, the advantage with our model is that (irst the parentS don·t have 10 go to 
school, the books will be delivered 10 their homes and secondly. for the school al.so there is no 
administrative hassle of gelling a.11 the stocks in and catering kit for the different standards and 
then cash collections and things like thm so all the logistics hassles and administrative hassles 
for the schools arc being taken care or. For the publishers also it makes sense because it's a 
one-stop arrangement and for giving a.JI their books to difTcn:nt schools which are centrally 
handled by Repro through Amazon. So, it's a win-win situation for all the people conŉmed 
and everybody sees value in that. 
Page 8 of 14 

Amit Jain: 
Pramod Khtra: 
Amit Jain: 
Pramod Khrrn: 
Modtrator: 
Kush•I Rughani: 
Prsmod Khera: 
Kushal Rughani: 
Pramod Khera: 
Kushal Rughani: 
Pramod Khera: 
Kushal Rughani: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
But as far as my understanding goes, so school also makes some income on lhc books that they 
prescribe, if the sale is. made through Amazon and through Rcpro channel, so arc 1hcy missing. 
out on lhat commission'? 
That is something that is between the publisher and the schools. When the publishers still has 
to go and market his books to the school so that their books are prescribed. so what happens 
between them is none of our concern. 
What's our roadmap and what's our expectation from this segment? 
We did a pilot which wa.s preuy successful und now from the Augusl•Scptcmbcr onwards we 
are recruiting_ people, putting them in field. approa<;hing schoo1s. And till Dc.cembcr•Jan we 
will be tying up schools because book buying s1ar1s from February onwards depending upon 
.. Ɛ 
which board the school is following. Sales can go up to June-July also for the !CSE. CBSE or 
state board schools so Lhe sales. So, the sales period is typicolly February and two June or July 
whereas all the \\Ork starts happening from now onwards. Now there arc more than 3.5 lakh 
private schools in the country so the potential is quite enonnous. So, let's see hO\\' this whole 
model takes off. We are gearing up to grow this business in the coming ye-ars 
The ne><1 question is from 1he line ofKushnl Rughani from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
On the margin front if you compare YOY or QOQ. the margin is down on bo1h the front. so
can you elaborate on that? 
If you remove the effect or the other income you wilJ see margins are equivalent or they arc 
better. So, like we were saying that the other income does not pƑrtain 10 revenue from 
operations and to get a clear idea of the EBJTDA and the margin, we should remove 1hc effect 
oflhe other income. 
Actually we have already removed the other income still if we sec last year June it was 14% 
EBITDA margin and this time around it is 10.9%. 
Which quartc.r you are refening to? 
lf l sec in the March quaner also It was 14% Elllll)A margin and even in QI FYI& quancr it 
was 14% EBITDA margin. This time around it is 10.9. 
Correct So, the previous quartetS which you talked about are with other income and lhcrc is no 
other income in this quarter. If you remove the effect of the other income then it comes LO 
similar margins. 
No, ir I comp-are sequentially then other expenditure has gone up as a percentage of sales 530 
basis points sequcn1ially. 
Page 9 of 14 

rramod Khtra: 
Ku$hal Rughani: 
Pramod Khera: 
Moderator: 
Kaivan Shah: 
Pramod Kher.-i: 
Kaivan Shah: 
PrAn\Od Khtra: 
Kaivan Shah: 
Pramod Khera: 
Kaivan Shah: 
Pramod Kher:.: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
Ir you look at the other expenses if )'OU look at it along with the employee benefit expenses. 
there Ls a slight re-grouping which has happened. So, if you combine both of them together if 
you look a1 my presentation and see, you will S(..'t that 1hū total expenses are similar for bo1h 
the quuners if wc had both of them. 
So, there is adjustment in thm? 
Correct. 
The next questiOll is from the line of Kuivan Shah. an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
I have ques1ion related to books on demands. J want to understand what is the contribution 
coming from the Ingram contents and what is the conmbutlon from the other publishers? 
TI1e contribution keeps varying from the type of books. Lhe type of segmems that we are 
catering to ruld whether it's a front title. back title, So. ln,gram w¢ are ubk lO get good 
contribution upward of 14%-15% and even from domestic back tides v•c are able to get similar 
contribution of 10% to 15%, from title contribution ts lower, it is in singJe-digits. 
\Vi:, believe lhat Ingram will be a game changer for our company, so what is our plan 10 
increase this contribution? 
As we go 1:1long one is we arc adding more and more titles from Ingram ru,d secondly. 
awareness about thc-,gc titles and visibility of these cities need 10 be improved. so we arc doing 
that through promotion and marketing on many of these channels and also on social nelwork. 
How much revenue arc we getting from the Amawn kind of Flipkart at the other channels. can 
you Just provide some Ŭveoue !,Cg_mentation from flipknrt and Am1:tzon and other rcmil 
channels'? 
If you look at the pas1 data, sales from Amal.On are the hig.h.;-st. in fact nobody has the 
complete data, but it is believed lhat Ama7,.on controls almost 75% 10 80% or the onhnc books 
markc1 in lndfa and our sales also are in line wilh that. 
Could you please provide some kind or guidance for this Gnancial year for hool.'S on demand? 
As a practice we don't give future projections or guidelines. But like I mentioned we have been 
showing consistent gro\'o'lh month-on-month and quarter-on-quarter as far as books on demand 
is concerned and we expect lhat trend U) eon1inue. As far as our print business is considered, 
we arc not really growing thm. Our foe.us there is to maintain revenues and constantly keep an 
eye on the bouom line so that we get healthy cash flows and internal accruals froin thai 
business. 
Page 10 of 14 

Moderator: 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Prsunod Rhtr:il: 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Prnmod Khera: 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Prnmod Khern: 
Moderator: 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Pramod Khera: 
Vikrant K,shyap: 
Pramod Khera: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
The next quesiion is from the line of Kumar Saurabh, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
My ques1ion is on the on line business. what is our market share on on line books and ir you can 
provide more color on like wh;;i.t is the market share in our school business? 
Your voice is nOl very clear Kumar but ir I heard you correctly you arc asking of markcl share. 
TI1e tocal onlinc book saJes is around 1.2 or 1.25 1akh books per day and we arc doing around 
9000 books per day. so tJ1at is our market share rlght now. 
And any idea about the biggest player. how much they sell? 
There are a 101 of traditional distributors who are selling on line bu1 they are the traditional 
distributors in the sense that they pic.k up stocks from the publishers and lhey sell. Whereas we 
are picking up files from the publishers and we're priming on demand. So. ours is a unique 
model but all or us are selling the same books. so chere are large distributors who are doing 
morŷ business than wt! are doing but we llrC Ÿu.ching up very fast with them, 
What is the growth ra1e you are seeing on the online book sales, is it same like. 19%-20% or is 
it diO'erent if ,ve compare the overall online sales per day? 
One is the books market is growing at like you said 19%-20¾ plus also 1he e ... commercc 
business is growing, so it's a combination of both the growths. So. we are seeing good !1f0\\1h. 
betlcr gt'O\\oih on the on line books sales. 
The next question is from 1he line of Vikrant Kash yap from Kedia Securities. Please go ahead. 
My question pertains to BOD. I wan1 to know how many lilies we have currcmly listed on 
AmŹJ>n and FliJ)kan from log.ram? 
More than 4 million titles. 
One more question regarding to lngra.m, we have these titles from 1ast I• I .S years since we 
have started this business but most of the readers would not know many of the international 
cities thal \\f'C arc providing. So. how we arc going ro make awareness in the readers community 
thal these titles arc available in India so lhat we can scale up our business'! 
Like l mentioned we h.avc 10 improve the discoverabi1i1y of these books. Now how does that 
happen? 1'hat happens through promotions. rhere are three or four different types of 
promotions that can be done on these channels. One is a sponsored rroduclS prorno1ion \\here 
you buy certain key words, for CJ<ainple if we have a good book on a certain topic but nobody 
is aware of that But there are other books available on same topic and @,cople are searching for 
thot key word then our book should appear up front. So. there we have to buy keywords so that 
the book starts appearing nnd people know lha1 lhere is a book which is a.vailobh! from Ingram, 
Page 11 of 14 

Vikrant Kashyap: 
Pramod Khera: 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Pramod Khera: 
Vikrant Kasbya11: 
Pramod Khen: 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Pramod Khera: 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Pramod Khera: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
they stan buying and once they start buying then au10matically it will keep appearing searches. 
So. initially we have 10 just seed the discoverablli1y and Lhcn it becomes auwmatic. So. like 
that by turns we arc taking more and more different sets of books and promoting them. And 
tl1en there are other ways by taking banner ads and by publishers also contributing and 
therefore there are various ways and means by which we arc doing the promotion and 
marketing and improving the visibility and discoverability of these books. 
So, arc these activities arc \'iSible on lhis cycomme.rce channel or in the social media like 
Facebook or anything where wc can find t11at? 
You will not be able to lind it because these are typically like I said for certain topics that 
nuhcr than advertising a book we said that anybody who is looking for a certain topic hr 
should be able to see out book. You will not be able l0 see any ad coming froin Repro. 
however, we arc sp0nsoring ads. So. if anybody secs those ads and click on that 1hen they 
eome to our book and they can buy our books. 
If you can also quantify how many titles wc have listed from domestic publishers? 
Domestic publishers would be more lhan 2S.000-30,000, I'm not very sure about the accurate 
number but it would be in that range. 
One more question on your debt reduction plan: we have successfully reduced our debt over 
the years, so what are the plans going forwilld for FY 19 if you can provide? 
The trend that we arc expecting thm 10 continue bc-cuuse one is recovery of debtors which is 
happening and secondly, !he focus that we have had over the lost couple of years on gcning 
business from strategy customers whe.fc the debtors don't _get delayed plus 1he f'ocus that we 
have on collections that's reducing the number of days that we have got outsmnding. so. tha1 
trend is going to continue plus as more and more business shH\s to Rcpro books on demand we 
will not be requiring that 1ype of working capital and working c.apital requirement will come 
down in the future. 
On your order book of 47 crores, how muc,h is cxpOrt order? 
A.round 30 eron:s. 
One question from AGM. in your ptesen1alion you have highlighted a key focus ls srra1egies in 
which you have talked about •·books and kiosks. If you can explain what are our strategics and 
how we are going 10 scale this? 
Eŋbooks also is one disruption which is happening in the publishmg industry. I lowcver. m 
India it's not had a major impact yet because the cost of devices also still qui1e prohibitive. But 
going forward looking ttt a global trend e-book is going lo increase but paper books arc not 
Page 12 of 14 

Vikrant Kashyap: 
Pramod Khera: 
Vikrnnt Kashyap: 
Pramod Khera: 
Moderator: 
Keyur Shah: 
Pramod Khera: 
Moderator: 
Shreyash Shah: 
Pramod Khera: 
Shrcyuh Shllh: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 2018 
going t() disappear. Howc,·er, on the e--book platform we have the capabilities, we have the 
arrangements with Amazon and with Ingrum for łclling the c•bc>oks w,d we are doing iL But 
n;venues today art minisculc, 
And on plans on kiosks? 
Kiosks is basically something that once we have a r-un catalog available then we can set up 
kiosks nt relevant poinŃ a retail shop or book store and depending upon the type or footfalls 
that retail outlets are geuing we can have those relevant books listed ln the kiosks and anybody 
who looks a.11hat can order the book and get it delivered m home next day. 
So. kiosks arc future plans. we ha,·e not initiated it'? 
Not yet. These are all future .... 
The next qucsLion is from the line or Keyur Shah from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
I wanted lo know that this model for school we can scale up but the.re would be other players 
that would be trying to pry our pień so how is il thal we can differ from others and we can be a 
nrnrke1 leader? 
You are right but the whole thing is one especia11y in the K l2 segment if you look at our prin1 
business. 900/4 of businesses coming from Kl2. So, we have got very Slrong relationship wlll1 
publishers there and that is our strength which Amazon is looking at. Thal's how they arc tied 
up with us ror doing this business and also our print on de.mand capabilities will be usefo1 here 
to cater to any shore quan1ities or any last minute demands which cornes up from schools 
which ocher distributors, other sellers will not be able to which differentiates us with the 
sellers. 
The next question is from the line of Shreyash Shah from Maitri Financial. Please go ahead. 
Who is our closest competitor in books on demand? 
Like I was telling earlier there are the traditional distributors ,vbo are selling, onlinc. Now they 
are also selling off-line, so they procure the pick-up books from the publishers and they are 
listed on Amazon and Flipkarl and just keep selling. Now here they are able to sell limited 
number of titles because it is very difficult to pick-up large number of titles and secondly. 
many times they go out of stock. But 1hal's been the tradilional model. Howcvi:r. our model is 
different where we do pickup stock aJso but our major business is to pick•up the files so tht1 
we arc never ou1 or stock. 
But docs anyone else prin1 books on demand in India'? 
Page 13 of 14 

Pramod Khera: 
Moderator: 
Bhargav Kllrtik: 
Pramod Khera: 
Moderator: 
Pramod Khera: 
Moderator: 
Repro India Limited 
August 01, 201 B 
Print on demand is actually digital printing, now digital printing a lot of people are doing, But 
one book printing requires high degree of automation and I doubt if there are many players in 
this space. So. cu1Tently we ore the people who are selling online on print on demand. 
The next question is from the line or Bhargev Kartik. an individuaJ invest0r. Please go ahead. 
My question is on the cost of materials consumed. Ir we see quurter-on-quartcr our revenue> 
have been increase from opeta1ion were around 11% but the cost of materials have jumped 
more than 804/o. so ls there a.oy reason for that? 
When you're looking at the cost of material you have to look a1 il in conjunction with the 
changes in the in-.·entory. So. those two line-items nre lherc, you add them up and you will sec 
1hat 1hey are more or less they are consisccnt. 
Thank you. As there are no funhcr questions frorn the participants. I now hand the conference 
over to the managem..:nt for closing commentS. 
Thank you once again for participating in this conference call. Wish you all the bcsl from the 
management of Repro. from Mukesh and from myself. Thank you. 
Thank you. On behalf of Repro India Limited that concludes this conrcrcnce. Thru1k you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 14 of 14 
