The SSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540173 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript 
161h August, 2018 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
"Exchange Plaza" 
Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai- 400 051 
Symbol: PNSHOUSING 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of 01 FY 2018-19 Earnings Call held on 
gth August, 2018. 
A copy of the same is uploaded on the website of the Company www.pnbhousing.com 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You. 
Finance Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Company Secretary & Head Compliance 
Encl: a/a 
~ 
~: 
gcff ~.~Iff 1'fCI'l, 22, ~ 
ll"itfi lJTlt, ~ ~- 110001 
Regd. Office: 9th Floor, Antriksh Bhawan, 22 Kasturba Gandhi Marg, New Delhi - 110 001 
Phone: 011-23736857, Email: loans@pnbhousing.com, Website: www.pnbhousing.com 
CIN: L65922DL1988PLC033856 

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“PNB Housing Finance Limited Q1 FY18-19 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 09, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Participants from PNB Housing Finance: 
Mr. Sanjaya Gupta 
  
Managing Director 
Mr. Shaji Varghese 
  
Executive Director-Business Development 
Mr. Ajay Gupta 
  
Executive Director-Risk Management 
Mr. Nitant Desai 
  
Chief Operations & Technology Officer 
Mr. Anshul Bhargava   
Chief People Officer 
Mr. Sanjay Jain 
  
Company Secretary and Head Compliance 
Mr. Kapish Jain 
  
Chief Financial Office 
Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi 
Head - Investor Relations 
 
 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm welcome to PNB Housing 
Finance Limited Q1 FY18-19 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
 Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Good evening and welcome everyone. We are here to discuss PNB Housing Finance 
Q1 Financial Year 18-19 results adopted as per Indian Accounting Standards. 
 
With me, we have our leadership team represented by Mr. Sanjaya Gupta – Managing 
Director; Mr. Shaji Varghese – Executive Director (Business Development); Mr. Ajay 
Gupta – Executive Director (Risk Management); Mr. Nitant Desai – Chief Operations 
and Technology Officer; Mr. Anshul Bhargava – Chief People Officer; Mr. Sanjay Jain 
– Company Secretary and Head of Compliance and Mr. Kapish Jain – Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
We will begin this call with the overview and performance update by the Managing 
Director followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
 
Please note this call may contain forward looking statements which exemplify our 
judgment and future expectations concerning the development of our business. These 
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual 
development and results to differ materially from our expectations. PNB Housing 
Finance undertakes no obligations to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to 
reflect future events or circumstances. A detail disclaimer is on Slide 2 of the ‘Investor 
Presentation’ available on our website. 
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Sanjaya Gupta. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Thank you, Deepika and good evening, everyone. Welcome you all to our Q1 financial 
year 18-19 earning call. 
As per the notification issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the National 
Housing Bank, the company has adopted Indian Accounting Standards that is IndAS 
from April 1, 2018. Hence, all the financial numbers for Q118-19 and corresponding 
numbers for Q1 17-18 are based on IndAS. 
Before we get into numbers, let me take some time to explain the key changes under 
the IndAS and its impact during the first quarter of the previous financial year that is Q1 
of financial year ’17-18: 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
#1. 
With respect to amortization of non-fund-based income on interest earning 
assets and acquisition cost under Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method. Under 
this method, the variable cost and the receipts viz servicing fee, acquisition 
cost, expense related to borrowings, etc., are amortized over the life of the 
assets. Since the Company was following a similar pattern earlier too, where 
the acquisition cost and the processing fee were amortized on a straight-line 
method over expected lines of loan assets, the impact is miniscule. In addition, 
interest income on (NPAs) Non-Performing Assets, which was not recognized 
earlier is now considered a part of IndAS adjustment. With the above changes 
under IndAS, we have not witnessed substantial impact due to EIR on an 
overall basis. There is a positive impact of just INR 3.58 crores in Q1 figures 
of financial year 17-18. 
#2. 
With respect to the recognition of income earned on assigned portfolios under 
IndAS. The present value of the income earned on the assigned portfolio, net 
of related expenses is to be upfronted and taken into the profit & loss account 
in the period and assignment is executed. There is a negative impact of INR 
10.5 crores in Q1 figures of 17-18 due to upfronting of income already 
considered in the prior year. 
#3. 
Further change is with reference to provisioning under Expected Credit Loss 
that is ECL. Under ECL, companies are required to consider historic, current 
and forward-looking information including macroeconomic data for assessing 
and reporting risk parameters instead of rule-based provisioning. This will 
result in the earlier recognition of credit losses as it will no longer be 
appropriate for institutes to wait for occurrence of an event of present loss. The 
ECL computation draws upon a three-state impairment model based on 
Probability of Default (PD) of an asset which is in initial recognition, Exposure 
at Default (EAD) and Loss Given Default (LGD). This has resulted in a 
negative impact of INR 21.37 crores in Q1 figures of 17-18. 
#4. 
With respect to the ESOP valuation. Under IndAS, the share-based payments 
have to be mandatorily accounted as fair value and the same has to be 
recorded in the statement of profit & loss over the vesting period from the grant 
date. As a result, in Q1 figures of 17-18, there is a negative impact of INR 3.5 
crores. 
#5. 
Change refers to the reversal of deferred tax liability, (DTL):As per the earlier 
NHB notification, HFCs were required to create DTL or reserve created on 
account of Section 36(1)(viii) of the Income Tax Act. With the introduction of 
IndAS, HFCs are not required to maintain the same. As a result, the DTL 
created by the Company is to be reversed to profit & loss account. This has 
resulted in a positive impact of INR 11.18 crores in Q1 figures of financial year 
17-18. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
#6. 
Change refers to the fair value of investment: As per IndAS, the investments 
held for trade is to be recorded on the fair value. As a result, the revaluation of 
investments resulted in a negative impact of INR 6.3 crores in Q1 of financial 
year 17-18. The negative impact is due to the reversal of gains recognized in 
the prior year on sale of such investments during Q1 figures of financial year 
17-18.  
In addition to the ECL provision, the company has maintained INR 145.54 crores as a 
steady state provision for unforeseen macroeconomic factors as on 31st March 2018 as 
permissible under the IndAS. With the reinstatement of financial numbers considering 
the impact under IndAS, the net worth of the Company stands at INR 6,600.6 crores as 
on 31st March 2018 vis-à-vis INR 6,305.5 crores under IGAAP. 
Let me now talk about the first quarter numbers for the financial year 18-19: 
The figures are on a consolidated basis and are compared with the previous quarter 
during the same period. During the quarter, the company registered healthy double-
digit growth over Q1 of financial year 17-18.  
The net interest income was up by 28% at Rs.433 crores and the profit after tax was up 
by 50% to Rs.256 crores. The spread on loans for Q1 of 2018-19 is 211 basis points 
and the net interest margin is 274 basis points. The gross margin net of acquisition cost 
for Q1 of ’18-19 stood at 321 basis points against 346 basis points in Q1 of financial 
year ’17-18 on an average gearing of 8.66x against 6.46x during Q1 of financial year 
’17-18. The cost of borrowings declined by 34 basis points to 7.73% during Q1 of 2018-
19 against 8.07% in Q1 of ’17-18. The OPEX to average total assets for the quarter is 
at 66 basis points compared to 62 basis points in Q1 of 2017-18. This is not withstanding 
the fact that with ongoing branch network expansion, the cost undertaken also includes 
gross expenditure. If we only consider our business as usual, (BAU) the OPEX to ATA 
further dropped to 64 basis points. The return on assets for Q1 of financial year ’18-19 
is 1.54% compared to 1.54% in Q1 of ’17-18 on average gearing of 8.66x against 6.46x 
during Q1 of ’17-18, resulting in an expansion in return on equity to 15.75% for Q1 of 
’18-19 vis-à-vis 11.85% for Q1 of ’17-18. The closing net worth of the Company as on 
30th June 2018 has risen to INR 6,883 crores. 
Now, let me talk about the Business Performance: 
During the quarter, we registered 16% increase in loan files numbers compared to the 
previous quarter during the same period. The disbursements registered 25% growth 
year-on-year to INR 9,767 crores vis-à-vis INR 7,794 crores during Q1 of 2017-18. The 
assets under management registered a growth of 47% to INR 68,578 crores as on 30th 
June 2018. Geographically, West is our largest market; 39%, followed by north at 31% 
and south at 30% of assets under management. We have limited presence in east with 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
just three branches; two in Kolkata and one in Bhubaneswar which forms the part of 
north zone. 
The Company has in the past securitized a part of its portfolio through direct assignment 
route. The total outstanding loans assigned amounts to INR 4,672 crores as on 30th 
June 2018. Net of this assigned portfolio the loan assets on book are INR 63,906 crores 
as on 30th June 2018, representing a healthy growth of 45% year-on-year. Housing 
loans constitute 70% of the assets under management and non-housing loans 
constitute balance 30% and is in line with the business mix maintained in the previous 
year. 
In the Housing Loan segment, individual housing loans constitute 58% and construction 
finance constitute 12% of the assets under management. In the non-housing segment, 
LAP, that is loan against property constitute 16% of the loan, assets, lease rental 
discounting, non-residential premises loans and corporate term loans constitute the 
remaining.  
As part of a geographical expansion, one branch was made operational during the 
quarter, totaling to 85 branches with presence in 48 unique cities. The Company also 
services its customers through 34 outreach locations. The Company has 21 
underwriting hubs as on 30th June 2018, catering to the branches and the outreach 
center. 
During Q1 of financial year ’18-19, out of the total individual housing loan disbursement, 
around 22% by value was in less than INR 25 lakh category which can be termed as 
affordable housing. With increase in our branch network in tier-2 and tier-3 cities, we 
look forward to increasing the contribution of the affordable segment in our individual 
housing loan portfolio. Part of this portfolio also qualifies as priority sector lending (PSL) 
which can be sold off to banks at attractive price post they attain the minimum seasonal 
requirements of 12-months. 
Preempting, rising interest rate scenario and to maintain a profitable growth, the 
Company increased its lending rate by 25 basis points in April of 2018 across its entire 
floating base portfolio. Further on 1st of July 2018, we increased the rates by another 
15 basis points; however, the uniqueness of this increase i.e. the second increase is 
that it is under a separate PNB HF reference rate series and is applicable only for 
businesses acquired post July 1, 2018. This also insulates our old loyal customers from 
similar increase in the interest rates of their existing loans.  
Gross NPAs as a per cent of loan assets is at similar level at 0.43% as on 30th June 
2018 compared to 30th June 2017. The gross NPA from housing loan is 0.44% and non-
housing loans is 0.41% of loan assets. The gross NPA at AUM level is 0.41% as on 30th 
June 2018. In loan to corporates, we maintain negligible NPA which is due to the 
stringent norms for customer selection, credit underwriting and monitoring mechanism. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
There is a specialized and dedicated team for this business line with centralized 
functions like underwriting, technical evaluation, legal rating, operations and project 
monitoring. For corporate proposal, along with the real estate developers credential, 
financial standing and previous delivery track record, we also do an in-depth study of 
the micro market, target customer segment, etc., Developers rating, their equity in the 
projects, stage of the projects to be funded, sales and collection efficiency, etc., are a 
few other important vectors which are considered before extending such facility.  
The Company has a resource profile with 35% contributed by non-convertible 
debenture, 18% by deposits, 16% by commercial paper, 16% by banks, 6% by 
refinance from the national housing banks, 7% direct assignment and remaining 
through ECBs. The capital adequacy ratio (as per IGAAP) as on 30th June 2018 stood 
at 14.87%, of which tier-I capital is 11.41% and tier-II capital is 3.46%.  
In line with our philosophy to enable the marginalized community in becoming capable 
and self-reliance, we work in the area of skill enhancement training, day care centers, 
education and healthcare under our Corporate Social Responsibility program known as 
’Shaksham’. 
Before we move on to Q&A Session, would like to update on the stake sale by our 
shareholders. The board of directors of the Company received joint intimation from our 
promoters that is Punjab National Bank and our second largest shareholder that is 
Quality Investment Holdings, The Carlyle Group about their intention to sell controlling 
stake in the Company. In this regard, the Expression of Interest was published in leading 
newspapers on 24th July 2018 and the last date to submit the Expression of Interest 
mentioned in that advertisement is August 24, 2018. Post the EOI, selected bidders will 
have to submit the non-binding bids, followed by binding bids. Both PNB and Carlyle 
have appointed their investment banker and they are working on the same and as a 
good corporate governance practice the stakeholder committee of the Company has 
been expanded with an additional independent director and this committee will overlook 
the stake sale process to safeguard the interest of the minority shareholders.  
We would like to focus this call on the operational and financial aspects of the Company. 
With this, we would now open the floor for the questions and answers. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We will take the first question from the line of Aayushi Mohta from CD Equisearch. 
Please go ahead. 
Aayushi Mohta: 
My question is how are you managing 38% growth in individual housing loans like what 
sets you apart? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
One is that we work hard, so we get our growth. Second is our growth is backed by our 
expansion program of distribution, so we create capacity and capacity creation is not 
only infrastructure, it has people training skills, vendors, technology, everything and we 
have added last year itself 21 branches, this year already we have added one more 
branch, yes, additional cost do come, but is also the engine of growth of this Company. 
Just to comment on your question, our new branches and the definition of new is any 
branch which is opened from 16-17, they are contributing about 30% of incremental 
business.  
Aayushi Mohta: 
What is your competitive advantage, because there are so many other players also in 
the same segment? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
One is our communication, our turnaround time, our technology, our people, our 
product, which are marked to the market and we are one financial institution which even 
advertises its turnaround time on a website and every week the entire leadership team 
across the Company that means, the central support office (CSO) and our 21-hubs, 
analyze our quality vectors for about half a day every week of what has happened in 
the previous week and we do take corrective action. Our Enterprise System Solution, 
which is known as Kastle cuts across the organization right from lead management to 
retirement of loans, asset/liability management, loan appraisal, property documents, 
digitization of document, etc., So, we together have common faith in God but we only 
trust data. Point of truth comes from a system, our MIS are generated from the system 
through a BI tool, so there is no human intervention, we believe in them and we monitor 
our processes very well. 
Aayushi Mohta: 
But if you see loan book growth of say other housing finance companies, they are not 
growing at such a pace, so just wanted to understand that? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
You have to have faith in our growth and our portfolio quality now for last 32 quarters is 
consistent. So, we are doing things in a wise manner with I would say tactical sharpness 
and head on our shoulders. That is the difference. 
Aayushi Mohta: 
Do you kind of see similar growth going forward as well? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
If the macroeconomic situation is stable, I do not see why we cannot penetrate deeper 
into the inherent demand, internally, I always say that housing finance is like a 
toothpaste, so every Indian family at least in the urban center uses this service twice in 
a life time. So, we are on the top of the mind recall or in the list of preferences. It is all 
about organization, how they are positioning. Service is a cornerstone of a promise to 
our customers and communications. We do not sell discarded products at a discount. 
We are at least 25 bps more expensive but we are not costly. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Aayushi Mohta: 
But sir if you see for instance RERA, it did kind of slowed down the loan book growth of 
other companies also. So, how did you sort of manage that, your growth has not slowed 
down at all? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
I think RERA is a very positive thing and it will bring back the confidence of a home 
buyer in the real estate sector. Let me again emphasize that organized developers are 
not the only source of supply, that may be true in a place like Bombay or Delhi, but it is 
not even true in Bangalore or Hyderabad or Pune, or Lucknow or Calcutta or other 
places. So, they have other sources and it is all about how focused you are and how I 
would say nimble-footed you are to change your gears. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Tirumalai from Credit Suisse. 
Please go ahead. 
Sunil Tirumalai: 
On the Ind AS transition, most of the housing finance companies have actually had a 
positive impact from the ECL or at least they seem to have had higher provision and 
then retain it into the model. In your case, we see a negative impact from ECL in the 
reconciliation that you have given, I am wondering the surprise or the change from your 
previous model come from PD or from LGD? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Let me tell you that there was a release of INR 45 crores due to the ECL, but we have 
taken that INR 45 crores in the contingency reserves that we used to carry at INR 101.5 
crores, if you see that figure has grown to now INR 145 crores. So, we have not added 
it to our NOF or taken it to the P&L. So, we have been conservative. Let me be very 
frank, any positive which occurs to us through EIR that is operation has gone to the 
NOF and that is why the impact of IndAS on the NOF is INR 294 crores as on March 
31, 2018, but any release of provision, I have not taken it to the NOF, but I have further 
credited into my contingency reserves, which today we are calling it as a steady state 
provision for economic aberrations in the future. 
Sunil Tirumalai: 
I am trying to understand slide #17, the profit reconciliation, where ex-ECL provision 
had a negative INR -21 crores impact? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
That was last year that was not this year. If you see on 31st of March 2017, we were at 
0.22%, but on 30th June 2017, we were at 0.43%, we doubled our NPA because we 
allowed forward flows because there were certain customers who were painful in the 
previous year, we said, we will take you to the court now, we will not come and collect. 
That is why we had to do additional provision in that quarter in the ECL methodology. 
Another thing I would like to emphasize here to the larger group is that we have not 
done the ECL or the PD, LGD or EAD at pool level. We have done it granular and at 
account level. Because of our systems and our MIS and our data accuracy, our 
empirical evidence is so solid that it gives us that conviction that we can do it at an 
account level. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Sunil Tirumalai: 
My second question is, I am assuming that your spread numbers would have also been 
restated under IndAS. So, just wanted to get a like-to-like 4Q to 1Q, what was the 
spread movement, basically that 211 basis points that you have shown for this quarter, 
what was the comparative number last quarter and what is the guidance against that? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
My guidance will always be candid. There are headwinds and there is a liquidity crunch 
in the economy. So, guidance would be still the same anything between 205 to 210 is 
the spread. I will not change my product mix, I will not change my segment, I will not 
change my method of doing business because that has made us proud, but the impact 
of EIR, it is not so much when it comes to the ratios. Last year if you were to say it was 
214 basis points in the same period and this year it is 212 basis points under IGAAP. 
These numbers when reinstated under IndAS comes to 211 basis points this quarter 
and 215 basis points for Q1 2017-18. 
Sunil Tirumalai: 
And last quarter sir? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Yeah it was 2.29 basis points as per IGAAP. 
Sunil Tirumalai: 
Okay from quarter-to-quarter we have seen a sharp drop. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Well it is not a sharp drop this is an annuity business and in fact I think we should not 
have quarterly earnings call. We should have an annual call. This is too much over 
engineering in an annuity business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhimant Kothari from Invesco Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhimant Kothari: 
Sir I wanted to understand how to look at your OPEX going forward? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Let me tell you the OPEX is about 66 basis points and the ATA got shaved off by about 
INR 3,100 crore as of 31st of March so that was one thing which resulted in a lower 
base and that was desirable because we are going to use securitization via direct 
assignment route as an effective liquidity management tool. The second is last year 
when we opened the year 17-18 we had something like 63 branch operations with 18 
hubs. We added in a single year 21 branches which is one-third of the opening stock 
and we also added three large underwriting hubs. Now obviously last year the expenses 
of those hubs and the branch is most partial because everything never got opened on 
first of April 2017 but gradually they came into existence. So, this year impact is full, 
they are still building up their businesses and as I keep saying give a branch at least 18 
to 24 months to stabilize and do sensible sustainable business and that is why I made 
that statement that any branch which has been opened in the last 24 months if pooled 
together they are contributing to about 30% business by volume. So, while our model 
does work obviously the cost will come upfront. Another change this year is because of 
IndAS is that ESOP valuation has come into OPEX which was not there in the previous 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
year. So, yes, you know that we are very, very keen on managing our cost but as I keep 
saying this Company with so much of robust operations need to expand to optimize 
economies of large scale and to upscale that we have to go to new markets. While if 
what is happening in the micro economy which is liquidity crunch and interest rates and 
what is happening internally with us if that was to not happen I think what we are doing 
we are doing fine, but I do not want to be tactical in managing my cost I want to be 
rather strategic because we want to give a long term return to our investor and we want 
to leave behind a legacy which the country will enjoy for eternity, but my unit cost believe  
me my per GL line cost are not bursting last year in fact they are improving, but these 
are certain elements which we design and we have to put our arms around and I will be 
frank even this year I am going to expand a lot, I am going to invest a lot in technology 
we are internally bringing the type of digital technology which can wow anybody. It 
reduces turnaround time, it reduces error, it reduces boredom, it eases the way we work 
and I think these are investment year and they will give us good dividend in the future 
and that is the reason when people ask me what is the differentiator I keep saying it is 
a generic product, but the way we do this is very different from the way others do.  
Dhimant Kothari: 
Secondly I wanted to understand on the technical aspect the assignment or the sell 
downs are out of the balance sheet they are off balance sheet and whatever you sell 
down the fees on the same would be then according to IndAS accrued in the quarter 
where it is sell down? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
See what has happened in IndAS that is difference. The event besides the date of up 
fronting the NAV of the assigned pool and as the loan amortizes every quarter you have 
to expense it out against the actual income received during the period. So, for example 
in last year in 17-18 we had an upside of INR 141.2 crore because of our previous 
assignment but in this quarter we have about INR 11 crore which get amortized because 
of that upfronting and conversion from IGAAP to IndAS.  
Dhimant Kothari: 
Okay anyways my understanding was different that when you assign, IndAS allows you 
entire up fronting because it anyway off-balance sheet? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Up fronting is allowed that is what I am saying. For example, this quarter we will do 
some assignment, so we will up front something the total, but from the following quarter 
I will have to amortize it also as the run off happens so that is zeros eventually. So, any 
quarter that you do an assignment there will be big block of NII and then over the tenure 
of the portfolio it will keep on getting adjusted with the interest income on assignment 
received during that period. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshan Deora from Indvest Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshan Deora: 
I had a question regarding the concentration of loans and advances, I was looking at 
the annual report and it said that the top 20 borrower represent about INR 7,700 crore 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
which is about 13% of I think total advances and I find that figure little high given that 
our entire construction finance business is about INR 7,700 with 180 accounts 
approximately. Can you throw some light on this top 20 borrower? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
I will comfort you. We do not like to create things when it comes to choosing the 
developer so if a developer has built that confidence so I am not trying to say that my 
check and balances or my guard will come down for a known customer, but I like to do 
repeat business with the customer who have good credentials, have got a good rating, 
have delivered in the past, are compliant to RERA, have maintained escrow discipline, 
their cash collection efficiency are good, their sales velocity are good.  We are pretty 
comfortable they are not giving us any sort of grief and this is mainly because of less 
risky products like LRD or the corporate term loan. So, if I can take name then it is 
CRISIL A rated, they have sort of pedigree in this industry for 30 years, they have 
demonstrated there robustness and now their commercial real estate which is lets say 
A rated commercial space in Bangalore or Bombay or Delhi is getting leased out to a 
globally rated AAA company like an IBM or Lucent or research center of Mercedes 
Benz. Now that customer due to their comfort with us; comfort because of fairness am 
I supposed to refuse it, certainly not. In fact, at a group level that LRD brings down the 
risk because LRD is a self-liquidating asset. Now obviously if you just in isolation look 
at the concentration risk it goes up, but so have our I would say methods of monitoring 
these accounts have improved and are proving us right, but we are never complacent 
that I can assure you. 
Darshan Deora:  
Your LRD is about INR 2,700 crore as of March 31? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Yeah. 
Darshan Deora: 
So, this INR 7,700 crore to top 20 customers would be LRD, would be corporate term 
loan which is also about INR 2,600 crore and the balance would be coming from where? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
There will be Construction Finance and things like that. So, they are using the entire 
menu card of this organization. 
Darshan Deora: 
The second question I had for you is the outstanding loan book is it fair to assume that 
all of it would be a floating rate? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
No not at all. At any given point of time we will have floating rate and fixed rate that can 
be as short as one year, two years, three years and five years. 
Darshan Deora: 
But not more than five years. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Not more than five years and let me tell you I know what is the question which is behind 
your mind what is the impact of the revision of the reference rate. There will always be 
a lag of the reset frequency and the reset date because every customer i.e. 2 lakh do 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
not pay on the same day. They pay between the first of the subsequent month it was 
15 of the subsequent months. So, on 9th of April I still remember when we raise the first 
time and then the first impact will come on 9th of May because there is no demand 
between 9th of April for that those customers who have a cycle date of 9th till 9th of 
May. So, this is really a period of patience and faith and belief, trust. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Just following up on this developer book and construction finance so what would be the 
yield on this book and the LRD book? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
So, the incremental yield on the construction finance book is about 11.94% and on the 
LRD it is about 8.93% as of first quarter of 19. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So, the LRD 9% seems to be very high grade developer but 12% would be essentially 
more like tier two developer right. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Not at all and that is what I say I do not sell discarded products at a discount. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Just a clarification on this PNB so once PNB sells down the stake you can still use a 
brand name, but you will probably have to a pay a royalty to them or is there any 
agreement? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
The current brand agreement between the Company and the promoter is that we get a 
free look period for 6 months extendable by three months. Let’s see what happens in 
the binding bids, the brand is there. They might agree at a royalty or they might not 
agree for any brand, so that sort of clarification will come with the passage of time.  
Saurabh Kumar: 
Let say the PNB brand is not associated do you see any risk to your deposits is my 
simple question? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Still we are the second largest deposit taking HFC. 19% of our resources are still coming 
from deposits. On volume on average we do about 6,500 new deposits a month. Yes, 
there is a lot of significance in this brand, but I think it is also as I was saying for loan 
that people ask me if that analogy was to be true then nobody will come to a public 
sector company for loan so why do they come to us. So, we have repositioned this 
brand in the customer mindset as a different brand. We have invested a lot, if I was to 
take you through the history of this company over the last seven years in brand building 
alone we would have spent about INR 100 crores. We like to protect it, we love the 
brand. We will negotiate with the whoever sort of consortium who buys or is the winner 
to maintain it. Let us see you will cross the bridge then we come to it. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
One final question sir is the commercial paper share of 16% odd on your liability side 
that is a comfortable number for you? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Sanjay Gupta: 
It is a very, very comfortable number and let me tell you that they are all backed up by 
approved sanctioned OD lines of banks. Today, we have about 32 banks in our portfolio 
who support our CP program and the beauty is that the banks are also investors in our 
CPs and they backed it up with their own ODs. So, I think I am not being a cowboy, but 
I think in this increasing interest rate scenario, it is better not to lock up on higher rates 
for long term, but we are maintaining our RSA, RSL and liquidity. In fact that is why I 
am carrying about INR 1,700 crore of excess liquidity because liquidity is the main thing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from Motilal Oswal Securities Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
I have got a couple of business related questions and a couple of IndAS questions. So, 
firstly, on IndAS if you could just explain to me the reclassification for Q1 FY18 on the 
other income line and the other OPEX line?  
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Just a second. Go one by one go slow because this entire thing is also new for me. So, 
what you are saying is the other income. 
Piran Engineer: 
Other income for last year Q1 under IGAAP it was INR 96 crore and under IndAS it is 
INR 72 crore. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Yes, because the income which is basically fee income under IndAS actually part of it 
goes to your NII and so does part of your COA that is why the fee income comes down. 
Piran Engineer: 
The other OPEX under IGAAP last year if I open up last year BSE release it was INR 
74 crore in today’s BSE release for last year it has been reclassified to INR 59 crore, 
so I just want to know what has changed under IndAS for such a big reclassification? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
The part of the cost of acquisition has also gone up as negative to NII. Cost of 
acquisition is a big change which has happened with both cost of acquisition and the 
fees income of loan will be on EIR method in the NII.  
Piran Engineer: 
By that thing if I look at my NII number under IGAAP and IndAS it has not changed so 
much. So, under my interest income number was INR 1,097 crore under IGAAP and it 
is INR 1,088 crore under IndAS. So, it is just a 7 crore delta.  
Sanjaya Gupta: 
The entire theory thing actually gets broken up into variety of things. So, this IndAS has 
actually classified these two components which are income and expenses in different 
categories. So, directly only one GL line will not be able to give you the entire delta 
explanation. There are two, three things where it gets clubbed or it get neutralized. 
Piran Engineer: 
It is on your ECL thing so our stage one and stage two ECL has increased quite a bit 
from 26 to 41 bps despite the overall gross stage one and stage two number remaining 
the same so that means our LGDs have increased YoY is that because of some 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
particular accounts like IREO what is it that causes you to believe that our ECL is higher 
this year versus last year? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
In IndAS actually there are three variables which come. PD, LGD and EAD. In the Indian 
GAAP it was just a prudential norm of the minimum standard asset provision and not a 
forward flow provisioning. So, from a zero day so let’s take a housing loan which has a 
0.35% which is lowest will remain from 0 day to 89 or 90 days at 0.35%, but in the IndAS 
it’s a dynamic. 
Piran Engineer: 
I get that my point is that my exposure at default has remain the same YoY, but my ECL 
has gone up. So my PD or LGD has gone up on a YOY basis that is my question what 
has caused such an increase because it is going from 26 bps to 41 bps? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
So, that is what I am saying in the prudential norm it is a static provisioning irrespective 
what is happening whereas in IndAS or ECL environment as this moves forward from 
bucket one to bucket two you know you have to create more provisions. 
Piran Engineer: 
Lastly how many branches do we expect to open this year because the first quarter was 
quite tepid? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Obviously it takes time as I keep saying capacity building also has a capacity. You have 
to first hire people, train people, go ahead in the market, test out the vendors, look out 
for lease premises. So, first 90 days yes, the work has started in all 23 branches, but 
they will eventually over the time period keep on getting rolled out during the year.  
Piran Engineer: 
Okay we expect to open 23, 24? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
24 to be precise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
My question is on interest paid, so I noticed that our interest rate is almost 50 basis 
point higher than SBI and around 25 basis point from others? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Not really it is now 30 basis points. They increased 20 bps in the last 10 days yes SBI 
has not but we have other leaders with whom we compete have. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Does it have any repercussion or our incremental growth rate or the quality of business 
that we are sourcing because of high interest rate? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
If you were listening to me intently I said on quality I will not comprise, but if on volume 
my services do not get a response well that will be hard luck for us, but our people are 
very well-motived also in the past we got not the lowest price service providers. We 
were about 15-20 bps higher and we are watching the behavior pattern of our portfolio 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
and since we are the only housing finance company which has different series of 
reference rate, if we have the luxury we might tweak them down also to match the 
expectations of the market. So, as I said this is a period of patience, have trust, have 
faith. The management team is 24/7 watching the new dynamics of the macroeconomic 
environment. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Secondly sir the expected change in shareholding, do you expect any change in the 
employee morale or the change in the management level? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Do you find a difference in my tone. Well that’s the leader of the Company. Whenever 
M&A happens the top brass get shunted out first, but this is a performing top brass. So, 
will people come for the management team or will they come for all offices that we have 
on rent and pay an OPEX and do not know how to run it because our technology is 
different, our target operating model is different, our go-to market strategies are 
different. So, it can be a spacecraft without an astronaut. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
And lastly on the deposits the growth has been quite muted for last two, three quarters? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
We are engineering a few things on the Independence Day, you will find some 
independence coming for our depositors, our brokers, our channel partner, our 
relationship managers. We are working out a pleasant surprise for the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhaskar Basu from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Bhaskar Basu: 
Just a couple of questions firstly if you could give the breakup of disbursal between 
individual, construction and non-housing? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
The AUM if you see in the portfolio is very stable. When we say 70% is housing, 70% 
is housing year-on-year from last 32 quarters. When we say 30% is non-housing 30% 
is non-housing. In my past guidance also I have said such a large operation where we 
process something like 13,000-14,000 loan applications a month. Give me elbow space 
of only (+/-2%) and we have been consistently delivering that.  
Bhaskar Basu: 
In terms of actual disbursal growth, obviously it continuous to be quite strong but it is 
come off from 45% to about 25%? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
The disbursal growth always take-off a little bit in the second and third quarter. So, this 
is also little seasonal business and you know that this sector has a little bit of 
sluggishness. So, we are not working in isolation and we are large today, so it will have 
an impact, but as I keep saying take our growth and take the average growth of the 
industry we will be at about 1.5x to 1.75x the industry average and we have delivered 
that. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Bhaskar Basu: 
Secondly on the impact of IndAS, is it possible to get some colors how would the IGAAP 
numbers look like versus IndAS number Q1 FY19? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
There is a INR 7 crores positive impact on PAT due to IndAS, that is all. 
Bhaskar Basu: 
Finally, when you give out your cost of borrowing number of 7.73%, does it include zero 
coupon bond which was there? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Now, under the IndAS it is included. There is no more offset from the NOF.  
Bhaskar Basu: 
But when you are disclosing in terms of your yield and cost of borrowing number? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
It is included till now. There is no ZCBs sort of a concept. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from India Infoline. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
So, sir couple of questions. One is on these reference rates, can you just tell us what is 
the reference rate for the new series and what is it for the old series? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Well, the reference rate for new series the lowest is 885 basis points. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
And the old series? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Old series was I think, 875 basis points. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
The starting rate? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Yes. The rest is IPR, that is intellectual property right of the Company. I am not going 
to disclose my technology and my product pricing methodology in a public call. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
No, I will not go to that. So, the other data point which I want is can you just share the 
yields of the individual home loan and LAP on a blended basis. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Yes, home loan at portfolio level is 9.30%, construction finance at portfolio level is 
12.52%, non-housing loan is 10.51% out of which sub section, LAP is at 10.43%, and 
LRD is 9.49%. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
So, the earlier yield that you gave for construction finance of 11.94% that was 
incremental? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
That is incremental this quarter. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Abhishek Murarka: 
And sir, the last question I wanted to ask is was just asked a little while earlier but the 
disbursement number INR 9,767 crores, can you give the breakup in housing, 
construction finance, and non-housing? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Sir, basically the entire thing is reflected on the portfolio mix and why I am holding back 
this is because you people do not realize that different products have got different life 
cycles, right. So, you have to actually work your methodology to maintain that portfolio 
mix in a much calibrated manner, right. So, there is actually no need for any sort of a 
further breakup. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
So, if I just look at the headline disbursements growth of 25% that is much slower than 
what we have done for a number of quarters going back even if I go back to 9 quarters. 
I just want to know what happened this quarter? It may be a timing difference I do not 
know. So, I am just asking you that. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Yes, so let me also tell you very frankly that whatever we estimated we just met the 
estimate. We were anticipating and that is the leadership of this team. When we build 
our strategy plan for the year, we did envisage a lower growth. And that is a rub-off 
effect of the macroeconomic factors. It has nothing to do with ‘Capability, Competency, 
Capacity’. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Miyush Gandhi from Canara Robeco 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Miyush Gandhi: 
Sir, just wanted your thoughts on the capital, we consumed a lot of capital this quarter, 
we might probably need to raise something. If you could just share your thoughts at 
what level you will look to raise and how much, anything that you can just speak your 
thoughts? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
So, the thing is, as I keep saying, we are prudent capital I would say users. Our balance 
sheet, P&L does not irrigate other subsidiaries or associated business. Hence, our 
steady state level as per the Board policy is 10x to 11x for go-to market. I am talking 
about gearing and at about 12x hit the capital market. So, still there is headroom to 
grow. Plus, this year because of the liquidity crunch we will be using securitization and 
we only do true sales to manage liquidity. And as a strategic intent we will have 7%-8% 
of our AUM as an assigned pool. Hence, I think and let us be candid, this is also a time 
for a controlling stake sale. So, I do not want to be seen in the capital market raising 
capital. The entire, I would say equations will go haywire. I still feel that I can manage 
these sort of levering level till about as I have been maintaining the last quarter of 
calendar year 2019 or the first calendar quarter of 2020. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just wanted to get a sense in terms of ESOP expenses if you could give us guidance 
as to what the number will look like? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Yes, it is about INR 4.5 crores which has hit the quarter. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And can we sort of broadly annualize it or there be any swing or any seasonality in this? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Well, if the movement it all depends on the movements of stock price. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
The other thing I just wanted to check was on the bank borrowing side I think there has 
been fair amount of increase on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Yes, it has been because the banks are today liquid, the wholesale debt market is not, 
hence, the NCDs have come down by almost 3% and the bank lines have gone up. We 
have been prudent in maintaining very good relationships. We are still expanding, and 
I think that is the right way to go about doing things in this situation. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And what could be your cost of borrowings from bank as we speak? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Banks everything is, Nischint related to different reference rates. It can be the MCLR, it 
can be T180 day rate. It can be an FCTL, there are different things. There can be a 
one-year MCLR, some banks give us a 3 months MCLR. So, they are basically related 
to internal reference rates for the bank or an external. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
So, it would be say between 8.5%-8.30% to about 8.60%. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just one thing and I think, you sort of already maybe mentioned this but incrementally 
when you are going to sell down loans this is going to be assignment and not 
securitization.  
Sanjaya Gupta: 
This is true sale. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
True sales, I think essentially it has to be an assignment. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
It is not a PTC. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Raichura from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Raichura: 
So, my questions are two of them. The first is you said that you have still in terms of 
charging the interest rates, you kept separate rates, you have not raised the rates for 
the old customers. But you have done so for the new ones, is it so? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
There are, it is in two phases. So, the first reference correction which we did on 9th of 
April, we did it for the entire portfolio. And then we packaged it as an old portfolio that 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
happened on 30th of June. Any acquisition which is happening from 1st of July is on new 
reference rate series and they had a 15-bps upside in comparison to the old customer. 
Ronak Raichura: 
So, my question is sir, in the scenario of a falling NIM and spreads, why would you not 
want to extend it to the old customers as well? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Because I will be frank, my loyal and my customers should not be paying for my 
incremental growth that is what is gone wrong big time in the industry. And it is that sort 
of insulation which excites the customers to do balance transfer. I am a fair service 
provider and that is one of my differentiators. 
Ronak Raichura: 
So, then considering this step we will have a substantially lower balance transfer this 
year as compared to what we have witnessed? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
Certainly. So, my attrition rate should be far better controlled this year than the previous 
year. 
Ronak Raichura: 
And sir my second question is regarding this assignment of securitization. Now, so 
effectively the loan gets off your loan books. But what about the risk of the loss in case 
of default? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
There is nothing. So, supposedly it is a true sale, so if I do INR 3,000 crores true sale I 
have to have 10% of each account on my book. And 90% is a true sale and if it goes 
delinquent or if it goes NPA, the 1/10th impact is on my balance sheet and 90% discount 
go to the buyer. 
Ronak Raichura: 
My third question sir, when you said you are talking something about the gross NPAs 
and you said that some of your customers that you found difficult, you said you decided 
to take action against them in the court. Now my questions is because the gross NPA 
definition is very clear that if a customer defaults for more than 3 months. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
No, number of days, (+90). 91st day comes under the SARFAESI Act 2002. 
Ronak Raichura: 
So, if this definition is extremely clear then why does, when you say that some 
customers who are painful and we decided not to give them any leeway and just initiate 
action because if a person is (+91) days. You simply have to go and take action against 
them in the court, right? So, whether discretion comes into play, that is my question? 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
We are a solution provider, we are a home provider. We are not in the business of 
selling homes, right. First, we use our moral persuasion tools. But if a customer gets 
into the habit that every time we have to cajole and visit, send letters etc. and they 
become incalcitrant. Then it is also a time which comes when we say okay if you are so 
stubborn that you would not pay voluntarily on your own which is a due and this is a 
public due, then we will go to the court. And we have been very successful. We are able 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited
 
August 9, 2018 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
to cure accounts which move into SARFAESI in 6 months for 74% of our customer 
base. 
Ronak Raichura: 
My question is that if a customer is defaulted by the 60 days would you be able to take 
action against him as well or it is only that 90 days. 
Sanjaya Gupta: 
You have to make that customer flow once at least to 90 plus DPD and you can use 
section 138, etc., before that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question, I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Deepika Gupta Padhi for closing comments. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on the call. If you have any questions unanswered, 
please feel free to get in touch with investor relations. The transcript of this call will be 
uploaded on our website that is www.pnbhousing.com, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PNB Housing Finance Limited, that concludes this 
conference call for today. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
