REF:INABB:STATUT:LODR:TR CONCAL: 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
(Attn: DeS CRD) 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
Mumbai 400 051 
Dear Sirs 
Attn: Listing Dept. 
July 27, 2018 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst concall 
It It 
1.1' 
We are sending herewith a copy of the transcript of conference call with analysts, which 
took place on July 20,2018, post announcement of Q2 2018 results of the Company. The 
said transcript is also uploaded on the Company's website. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For ASB India Limited 
- -~;::~ 
--
-
-=:. 
-----=-- - --
-
B Gururaj 
Deputy General Counsel & 
Company Secretary 
FCS 2631 
ABB India Limited 
Registered Office and Corporate Office 
21st Floor. World Trade Center 
Brigade Gateway, No.26/1 
Dr. Rajkumar Road, Malleshwaram West 
Bengaluru - 560055 
CIN:L32202KA1949PLC032923 
Phone: +9180 22949150 - 54 
Fax: +91 80 2294 9148 
www.abb.com/in 

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“ABB India Q2 Analyst Conference Call” 
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV SHARMA -- MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. T. K. SRIDHAR -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. CP VYAS – PRESIDENT -ELECTRIFICATION 
PRODUCTS 
MR. SANJEEV ARORA – PRESIDENT - ROBOTICS & 
MOTION 
MR. PITAMBER SHIVNANI – PRESIDENT - POWER 
GRIDS 
MS. SOHINI MOOKHERJEA – ABB INDIA LIMITED 
 
 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ABB India Q2 Analyst Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sanjeev Sharma – Managing Director. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Karuna. Good morning to all of you. Thanks for joining us Q2 call for ABB India 
Limited. My name is Sanjeev Sharma. I am speaking to you from Bangalore and my colleague, 
CFO – Sridhar is joining us from Chennai. 
 
I think we will run the call as has been planned and please feel free to ask questions but please 
limit your questions to few so that we are able to attend as many questions in the diversity that 
is available among you and then we take it forward there. So, I hand it over to our CFO, T.K. 
Sridhar. 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. Welcome to all of you, ladies and gentlemen for this Q2 analyst call of 
ABB India. So, on an overall to start the note with a positive flavor; I think this is again one 
more credible and very sustained performance posted by ABB India Limited. 
On the call we have the other CMC members; Sanjeev Arora who is President - Robotics and 
Motion; CP Vyas who is President - Electrification Products and I also have Pitambar Shivnani, 
who is the President - Power Grids and. But Madhav is visiting to the customer so I think he 
may not be able to join us, but we will take it through them. 
So, without wasting any time, Sanjeev, would you like to take us through your portion of it and 
then I take it to the financials. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Yes, thank you, Sridhar. So, we continue with the slides that are visible to you or available to 
you, I think whichever way Manashwi has organized it. If you really look into the dashboard 
that is visible to you, we had a good quarter and a good first half wherein you can see that our 
revenues grew 19.4%, it is a very strong contribution to the first half and I think our efforts that 
we have done in previous years they are flowing through our books. Our orders grew in the first 
half 8.9% YoY basis. We had increase of profit after tax 24% YoY, operationally, EBITDA 
grew 49% and our profit margins expanded 10 basis points and our operational EBITDA margin 
expanded 20 basis points. 
 
Now, giving you some highlights: 
I think the financial numbers that we present to you, they are the byproducts of the action that 
we keep taking in the marketplace and keep adding in different market segments as well as our 
spread in the geography. Key to our core strategy is to also work on some mid-to-long-term 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
initiatives which are being led by the government and we work quite closely with the 
policymakers, for example, in the month of May, signed an MoU with NITI Aayog to make 
India Artificial Intelligence ready. So, we have a lot of know-how inside the company and we 
will be working closely with the NITI Aayog and various ministries to help in certain areas 
which is part of our core competence. 
IIT Rourkee is the smart network COE or Center of Excellence for designing the power 
distribution systems. So, ABB and IIT Rourkee signed an exclusive MoU to develop a smart 
distribution network system around the campus which has elements of solar, wind, the 
cogeneration, as well as grid power and in the future we will have hydro as well as the battery 
mixes in that and using ABB micro grid technology and other smart technologies to make sure 
to showcase a pilot wherein different distribution companies can come and see what are the 
elements to integrate to make a smart distribution network for a city or for a large campus. So, 
this is something we are going to execute in next few months and I think when the time permits 
we will also publish the outcome of it. 
We also continue to push for our digital substation journey wherein we are pushing technologies 
which will make India as well as our power distribution systems more digital. After Kerala 
electricity board - we supplied additional substation and we commissioned one in Kerala. We 
also have now few orders from Maharashtra State Electricity Board wherein we are going to 
supply digital substation. So, you can see the absorption of technology is gaining momentum in 
this area. 
Partnership with Cochin Shipyard to supply more solutions for ships. So, there we are 
collaborating well, and we will have some good traction there. 
Now, we have some breakthrough orders for traction motors given the expansion of rail 
investments. So, these are the ones which will flow through our books in future and I think that 
is a very interesting and very exciting time to be in. 
Given that India is also going through the transition to Industry 4.0 and one of the indications 
available in our portfolio is our robotics sales - they doubled in the first half of 2018 - which 
shows with the absorption of technology, especially ABB technology, is at a very good receiving 
end by the industries led by automotive sector at this time. 
For the market overview, we go by our core focus areas – Utilities, Industry, Infrastructure and 
Transportation. First, on the utilities. We believe that the digital solutions are going to be key on 
seamless integration of renewables and distribution losses reduction in future, because this gives 
us a lot of leverage in order to understand where the weak spots are there with the analytics and 
analytics work on data. So, if you pick up a lot of data from the assets, it is much easier for us 
to predict as well as create algorithms which can make the delivery of power and integrating of 
renewables easier. 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
We are looking at the sector outlook very closely on the electric vehicle push and railway 
electrification, I think there is a lot of focus and we see in the direction that mid-to-long-term it 
will be a good segment to operate and I think ABB portfolio is well positioned there. Karnataka, 
Maharashtra and many other states already have rolled out their EB policy and we do see that at 
the national level, of course, power grids own investment plants are little subdued for some time 
but the sub-transmission level at state level and distribution is strengthening its investments. 
Amendment to Electricity Act is another point to be noted and energy generation and 
consumption patterns are now opening new opportunities for the new customer segments and 
that we see as an opportunity for ABB portfolio as well. 
On the industry side, I think what we see is that negative impact of demonetization and GST 
abated and we see that especially the GST should formalize the economy and it should continue 
to have a positive impact at the micro level of economy and then consolidating at the macro 
level. That is why right now we are seeing a very interesting period in the marketplace wherein 
we see that the macros are not that strong, but we see the micro are very-very strong. So, the 
industries which are operating at the mid-level or in the value chain level, we see very strong 
growth there, but the core sector is yet to pick up like in steel, cement and others but at the micro 
level if you go, certain industry segments like automotive, they are doing very well. But if we 
spread our portfolio across all these segments, that is where the growth is coming for ABB. 
Now, if you really look into the core sector like cement, steel and F&B, I think there are good 
leading indicators and also delivery from us from their OPEX cycle, and I think that has become 
quite a strong muscle for us to be able to help the industry which has been struggling with the 
capacity utilization, we are helping them now with the more productivity within the existing 
assets and our core technologies for energy efficiency and automation are really helping the 
industry in that area. 
On the Infrastructure and Transportation side, there are new sub-segments opening up like 
airforce, there is a good push, so there are some technologies that go into this area from us, so 
we stay focused on it. 
Rail, I think is a big positive for ABB offerings. 25 Metro Rail projects. All the eight operational 
use ABB technology. Water: I think we see that this is going to be a very large segment for India 
as is consolidate as well as this plant and I think it is something which really draw lot of attention 
and our portfolio attention to us towards the segment. 
Smart Cities: I think this is something which was in a planning phase and a lot of people have 
different opinions about it but now we feel that smart cities are coming out of the design phase 
and they are going into the execution mode and that is where we can see that the CAPEX outlay 
is being spent in the areas which are of good interest to us and we have good focus there going 
forward. 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Data Center: Given what is happening in terms of privacy laws which are coming for the data as 
well as expansion of the communication network, there is a big expansion of data center foreseen 
in India and ABB has a good portfolio direct as well as indirect portfolio to play into that account. 
So, just to give you an overview about the technology that we see will shape tomorrow. I think 
it requires pretty fast track awareness and also need to adapt the business models that will create 
more value for our customers as well as creating more value for ABB portfolio. 
Digital transformation of utilities industry and infrastructure is a big theme for us. We are not 
only on PowerPoint, but we are actually running 370 projects in 80-countries from India. ABB 
India is a big center for the digitalization projects. I think our know-how here is quite deep. We 
are not only leveraging it for our customers here in India but then there are global projects which 
are getting helped. 
It is all about customers. We are trailing and co-creating solutions with the customers which at 
next level of value at the enterprise level and I believe we have a good play there because our 
solid asset base that is sitting with the customers plant and then we make them IT and OT 
enabled, that creates a different value because a lot of data starts coming in with certain analysis 
and with certain close room action, we are able to give much higher performance for the existing 
assets. So, we do feel that the customers will continue to make investments with ROI focus rather 
than one big investment. So, that is why ABB will have digital as part of core of our portfolio. 
So, it is not an added on.  
Sometimes people ask us, “Hey, is it something digital has a new revenue line?” No. What we 
are looking at is we had a core portfolio which is very solid and strong which is a B2B portfolio 
goes into multiple segments and digital is making as a more compelling proposition for our 
customers to stay with ABB and expand more their investments with ABB. So, digital has very 
quickly become a core portfolio which is spread and built inside our offerings. You can see 
charging the feature of mobility and then the whole grid of it and it is not only the charger or the 
car, you can see there have been upgrades that will take place all across the sectors and ABB 
solutions will work together and we will make it work for our future customers and consumers. 
So, the macro outlook, I think what we see and I think is visible to you that GDP growth is likely 
to bounce back to 7, 7.5% and also the global markets are quite buoyant right now and we believe 
India should take more benefit of it and especially with the trade and other issues which are 
going on around the world, I think we need to play smart as a country and also as a company 
and we keep looking for those opportunities in that space. 
We also have utility growth that will be driven by renewable of transmission and distribution at 
state level. Growth is likely be driven by consumer-led sectors in the short and mid-term and 
that is where we stay focused. We are not only focused on large projects which are less in the 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
market, but we are really connected with the market at the length and span of the market to gain 
everything that is happening in the consumer-led sectors. 
Bank credit growth improved in FY’18 and I think that is a good sign because the credit has not 
been flowing in the market and I think as the large industries consolidate the different assets, we 
do feel that this industrial cycle should kick in as well after the NPAs are resolved. 
Railways is definitely a big plus and we will continue to take benefit of it with our ABB 
transportation portfolio. 
We have a good growth in the base orders and we are happy about it because in a market where 
the large orders are less than few. Our quality of the business that is flowing through all our 
business line is very healthy in the qualitative terms, and I think that is what we are very happy 
and whenever we see expansion of base orders, I think that is a very-very healthy sign for us. 
Same thing for services which have grown by 52% YoY. Exports have grown 68% YoY and we 
continue to keep our focus on the core segments as we go forward. 
Sohini Mookherjea: 
Sridhar, we are now moving on to the financial slides and I request Sridhar to take them. 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thank you, Sohini. Orders for the quarter grew by 7% on an overall basis, for the half year we 
are at 9% growth level, and order backlog at Rs.10,717 crores is what we are seeing in the slide 
which is less than previous quarter. I think there are very significant outliers to this because last 
year at the same time we had almost 3,400 crores of RP-800 order, in that which was just the 
new into our systems and RP-800 as you rightly say has started to them execute and we are 
definitely on track with RP-800 execution. So, that has definitely slipped into the revenue, so 
revenue if you look at it we are Rs.2,713 crores, compared to Rs.2,200 crores last year and which 
is 21% growth and the growth is just not only in PG but it is across all the segments as what you 
would see in the segmental information which follows. 
Profit before tax. Again a strong quarter with very sustained material cost reduction which has 
helped us to achieve that, of course, there are still outliers on the FOREX and other commodity 
prices, but I think that is natural to the market way we operate in. Profit after tax, again 36% 
growth in line with the profit before tax and operational EBITDA at 5.7 compared to 4.2 for the 
last quarter the same period. So, on a half year basis, I think right from orders to the bottom line 
and cash we are absolutely solidly positioned as far as this half year performance is concerned. 
The next slide which is more about talking about the structure of how the costs have moved and 
if you look at that particular slide that you see, we still have the material cost very much under 
control, again 64% is the material cost what we had last year, they are 66% at this point of time 
and that is primarily because we have a large content of system order RP-800 coming in, but if 
I exclude that I think we are fairly in line with the last quarter numbers is what we see. Personnel 
expense is pretty much flat in line with what we had and the small increase due to people and 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
the annual revisions compared to last year. Other expenses are definitely under control and the 
other one is about depreciation in line with what we had CAPEX and the additions which we 
had for the GIS factories slightly less and interest cost very much flat and the current tax rate is 
also maintained at 34.5%, pretty much stable. In a nutshell, the numbers stand up pretty much 
well compared to the last quarter what we saw. 
Over to the next slide, this talks about how each of our segments have behaved. If you look at it 
sales across the divisions have grown. Profitability margins, other than EP where we have a 
couple of outliers which has impacted them, is definitely one because EP and RM are the largest 
importers of material into India for manufacturing and supply. So, currency has definitely 
impacted this segment. 
Also, the next is about solar. The solar market is today experiencing lot of headwinds in the 
market and so that is another factor which has impacted EP. If you look at IA, PG and RM, they 
are pretty much stable and IA bouncing back with a very good development on the margins, 
basically led by high service content and automated solutions which are getting the customer 
satisfaction and we think the value for that and we are seeing it is reflected in the half year 
numbers as well. 
Going to the other parameters, I think it was again strong cash generating quarter for us, despite 
21% of revenue growth. So, the DSOs came down to the ever lowest 112-days end of Q2 from 
121 it was last year but if you look at the previous several quarters and several years the same 
time, the team in India for ABB has done a wonderful job in liquidating quite a few from old 
receivables which has really helped us generate this particular cash and our model of cash for 
revenue I think is a fantastic mantra which has been sustaining us to deliver this cash QoQ. The 
networking capital is 1,516, I think slightly higher than what it could have been and it is more 
because we have definitely a stock inventory, because we have a backlog which executed within 
the timeline as agreed to the customers especially on the RM, EP and PG divisions and that sort 
of momentarily standing out, but I am sure by the year end we will definitely bounce back on 
this parameter as well.  
So, cash for H1 we have cash balance of Rs.1,000 crores, flat year-on-year, in spite of the growth, 
which was normally consumed cash but they still have definitely earned lot of cash and that is 
why we are able to maintain the same cash position end of H1 as well. The earnings per share 
going up to 4.82 which is in line with the growth in the profit as well. So, I think this is the 
synopsis of how we have performed on the financials front. 
Some more data points which I think you normally ask for is about the orders for the quarter. I 
could give you some more information which is not in the slide. EP Rs.713 crores for the quarter 
which is about 13% growth on the last year, RM Rs.633 crores which is more than 25% growth 
for the last year, IA stands at Rs.413 crores, more than 25% in the last year, PG is stagnant, we 
are at Rs.856 crores compared to Rs.900 crores last year, otherwise I think this has been overall 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
a solid quarter for the year. This is how the order content looks like and of course they would 
have been looking at how the order backlog looks. I think given the flair of what the order 
breakup which we have, I think it is just not PG, RP-800 which is there in the backlog, we have 
other segments which have gained up and so we have definitely strong backlog segment-by-
segment giving us clear revenue visibility over the next few quarters to come.  
That is it from my side, Karuna. I think we can now open the call for any question-and-answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We will take the first question from the line of Sujit Jain from ASK Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
Some deceleration in order inflows in the sense 7% up and order book is down. Could services 
export meet the digital deficit in PG order inflows and therefore is there a prospect of double 
digit growth for the full year? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
This is Sanjeev here. I think one has to see that the markets as well as technology are in a 
transition right now. If you really look at the global perspective, yes, there is a good opportunity 
on the digitalization space, but we cannot count very large numbers in short-term. I think that is 
a market to be formed and prepared and that is what exactly what we are doing, and we have a 
good acceleration there. So, whether they will act as big contributor by numbers on the digital 
as a standalone, I think that is something in foreseeable future, but it has a very large impact to 
sell what we sell as our core portfolio. Now with respect to PGCIL, I think it is very well known 
that in India we have a bit of subdued sector in the thermal power generation and also how much 
outlay government and the PGCIL has done for the transmission and distribution network. Those 
orders they come now and then, but not with the same intensity we had it in the previous years. 
The action has shifted to the state grids and there we are very selective what we want to bid, 
which state electricity bid we want to work on it. So, what we do is we have a strong backlog, 
so if you go back and you see the average of our last five years backlog, we are on the higher 
side and also we have much more execution ahead of us out of the backlog. But in terms of 
orders, I think we keep adjusting and adapting ourselves into the new emerging segments and as 
and when the core power generation segments picks up, I think we will take benefit of it because 
all our assets and all our capabilities are here in the country and alongside since we have started 
participating in the export market, the capabilities that we have here, they have started paying 
us good dividend. So, we will play this out as we go forward. 
T.K. Sridhar: 
To add to what Sanjeev is saying, normally if you look at the ordering pattern of the 
infrastructure segment, especially which is coming out from the public sector enterprises, 
follows April to March financial year and normally the first quarter which is their first quarter 
of April to June is definitely subdued quarter in terms of investments and then they pick it up 
when they come with the next quarter and this has also reflected over there as a part of the PG 
order intake, we expect going forward this would have to see some corrections. 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Sujit Jain: 
Solar as a percentage of EP revenues, at annual rate, what it would be and now that pressure you 
have spoken about a couple of margins in EP because of solar, could these be the steady state 
margins like 9% and below? What would be the margins in digitalization? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
First of all, we do not give any estimates or forward-looking statements on how margins will 
look like in any segment per se and more diversified information about the solar. So, solar is just 
not one EP -which we have definitely mentioned that solar plays a good part of it - but solar 
across the company has got various offerings in terms of electrical balance of plant, in terms of 
substations, in terms of other equipments and the medium voltage switchgear which go into solar 
plants and so that being the case, I think solar as a segment we definitely see is undergoing stress, 
but it is at the same time growth sector for the entire company and we are definitely 
reengineering ourselves to be still competitive over there and maintain the margins at an overall 
level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Harish Biyani from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Harish Biyani: 
If we look at the robotics and motions first half revenue it has grown by about 35%, margins are 
broadly flat. Essentially wanted to understand how much of this particular segment revenue is 
trading business essentially, we are buying products either from parent to outside, if you can 
help us with that, that will be wonderful? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Harish, it is like this, I think as I was mentioning EP and RM definitely has a fair amount of 
input content within them, so they are definitely impacted by the current FOREX fluctuations 
what we see, also that is basically an important factor which you guys have to consider, and they 
have less of exports, exports are just opening up for RM. But the good factor is that it is more 
focused towards the industry side of it and industry is definitely showing green suits in terms of 
adapting automation technology and I think we would aspire to grow on this.  
Harish Biyani: 
How much of Robotics and Motion, what we do is we in turn procure from our parent entity in 
Europe, right, broadly number would be very helpful? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
We do not give those finer details, I think I had shared with you the major really and a larger 
picture of it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sumit Kishore from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
My first question is on the order book number that you have given at the end of June quarter of 
Rs.107 million. If I were to take the March quarter closing order book number and subtract the 
revenue for the quarter and add the order inflows, I get Rs.7 million higher order book number. 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Has there been any cancellation which has happened in the quarter, any adjustment to the order 
book? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
First of all, I think your answer is pretty clear, I think it is more, because we have internal 
consolidations which happen between the company, so what we are looking at the net order 
backlog and trying to compare with the order books which I just mentioned and the order 
booking, so I think that could be a gap, but otherwise I think the number which you said is pretty 
much clear mathematically as well. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes, so mathematically we get a higher number, the internal consolidation has it resulted in 
restatement of the order backlog number in absolute terms or has it dragged down as it appears 
mathematically? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
No, it is only consolidation impact, there is no order de-logging in this particular quarter. So, we 
would definitely inform in case if it is before that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
My question is related to the margin outlook. As you highlighted, currency depreciation has been 
a big concern and profitability specially for industrial focused products which are fixed by the 
nature and also there is a higher share of RP-800. So, for a year as a whole, can one expect that 
the margin improvement could be tough compared to last year given these headwinds or 
probably there are tailwinds which will support for us on the continued trajectory of margin 
improvement? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Renu, it is like this, actually for all the contracts which we have with Power Grid or RP or any 
other government customers we clearly have a price variation which keeps protection on this 
particular impact. So, the currency impact which we see because of which there has been an 
impact of almost Rs.10 crores on account of the mark-to-market which is our derivative 
accounting period for the quarter and finer information which would give you more clarity on 
why the margins are looking bit more less than your expectations. Then when it comes to 
industry customers where we have their own short cycle orders, we are all following very clear 
hedging policy which protects the margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Abhishek Puri from Deutsche Bank. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Puri: 
On the balance sheet specifically just wanted to check why the creditors and other current assets 
have gone up significantly in the first half of CY18? 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thanks for this technical question. It is more because GST balances which are payable and 
receivable are accounted separately, that is the non-trade payable and that is how the major shift 
which you are seeing and also because we have major projects which are linked to milestones 
of the delivery and so you have an uptick on the trade payables as well. Because we also have 
better processes implementing in the company, so aligning with the market trends, we also have 
end of month payment terms, and one payment cycle across the organization so that it helps us 
boost our DPOs for the project and systems businesses as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Indrajeet Singh from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Indrajeet Singh: 
My question is related to the Robotics and Motion. It is one of the segments which is growing 
best for us. Is there a sign that the orders started to kind of get better or getting broad-based from 
your customers and centers other than the cement and F&B which you talked about earlier? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
As I explained to you earlier that the company strategy for the last few quarters or couple of 
years to diversify our base, enter new segments and new geographies and definitely there are 
number of very good growth and some very interesting new segments we have found and we 
continue to grow them through our portfolio, and our relevancy over portfolio is very, very high, 
especially when it comes to RM and EP, when it comes to channelizing them through OEMs, 
channel partners as well as new integrators who are creating solutions for our smaller customers 
or the smaller end users. So, I think that change of behavior has shifted the focus and part of that 
is built into the grow that you see in RM and apart from that of course you have a good growth 
in automotive sector and others which positively reflects on the Robotics orders and we also 
have a book big push during this period wherein not much of Greenfield projects are coming in, 
people are going for higher energy efficiency and better productivity. So, our portfolio in RM 
specifically, I think it helps the customer in a big way in that direction. So, those are few of the 
elements you see you are playing out, but yes, core segments are always important, but we feel 
that this growth is coming based on this expansive, new strategy that we have played out in the 
marketplace, and as the new fresh segments pick up in their growth cycle, I think we should take 
further benefit of that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kirti Jain from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Kirti Jain: 
Sir, my question is with regard to B&R we have in the global entity, will that get integrated in 
our ABB India entity sir? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
B&R I think it has been great acquisition for ABB because it has added to our portfolio which 
was missing, that was for factory and machine automation. It is a great company with a great 
kind of culture and what we are trying to do is to maintain that culture in terms of how we serve 
that particular proposition from B&R to the customer and that is something we are doing. So, 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
B&R is a company which also has their offices and operations in India, they get all the corporate 
support that they wish from ABB India’s structure, right from integrity to finance issues, but we 
allow that business to operate on its own merit and we are bringing ABB India's portfolio which 
has synergetic effect channelized through B&R because they are also operating in the market 
segment and customer segments wherein customers benefit with ABB portfolio. So, that is the 
strategy we have. But in terms of legal entity and integration part that is not a high priority for 
us at the moment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Ranjit Shivram from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Ranjit Shivram: 
Just wanted to understand there is a difference between the operational EBITA that you had 
reported and the actual EBITDA. So, when we work out it, it is around Rs.40 crores. So, is that 
related to any FOREX gains? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
It is like this, I think you look at the definition of how we define operational EBITA, I think this 
is very clear in the press release what we have given, Ranjit, it excludes the derivative impacts 
because as per the IndAS, we need to also measure the fair value of the instruments which we 
have and so that sort of impact is excluded and also any restructuring impact which is now there. 
So, it is basically concerning the mark-to-market impact of the derivatives what we have on the 
balance sheet, so which is not visible to you because I think you are doing a straightforward 
calculation of excluding by depreciation and the amortization cost which is not the case when 
we calculate the operational EBITA. 
Ranjit Shivram: 
Just a follow-up on that, is that in the other expenditure? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Exactly, it is parked in other expenditure and also in the revenue because mark-to-market impact 
goes both on the sales as well as in the purchases. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sir, my question is pertaining to the export order intake, we have seen a very strong growth of 
nearly 70% YoY and prior to general elections, and you might see some slowdown in the overall 
domestic order inflows. So, do you think this growth in exports can completely offset any kind 
of slowdown that you are missing on the domestic market primarily on the transmission side and 
at what pace do you expect this exports to grow over the next maybe one to two years? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
I think when you run a company of ABB complexity in terms of its portfolio, one is that we are 
fortunate that we have diverse business lines which go into diverse market segments in the 
market, be it domestic or exports, and that gives us a kind of a edge that one segment sometimes 
goes up, the other one comes down and I think that is how it keeps on balancing itself rather than 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
we are not over exposed to one segment or so. We continue to diversify our portfolio by 
localizing it, bringing new technology so that we can serve the existing segments by having a 
higher share of their kind of spends, but at the same time we will make sure that we find the 
opportunities away from our domestic market and the export market because our global growth 
seize that the competence level and the localization level, the overall supply chain that we have 
developed and the quality levels we have developed that we can start serving the global markets 
from here. We export to about 100 markets from here, not for all the portfolio, and we believe 
as far as the export story is concerned, though the percentages are very high as a managing 
director of that company, it is just start of the story, it is not in the middle, and it is not on the 
end. So, we will continue to play, we will continue to pace it based on how we want to serve 
diverse customers right from Japan to America, make sure their quality perception about 
products coming out of ABB India are very high and first we make sure that they feel satisfied, 
we make sure that our people understand the different cultures, boundaries, how to serve these 
markets, I think that is where we are doing good job and that is why you will see after few years 
we are getting acceleration because the acceptance in the export market for the products as well 
as solutions coming out of India is increasing. So, it will continue to grow irrespective of what 
happens in the Indian domestic market. Yes, on an overall scheme of things, it can always 
balance some of the segments which are not growing in this market, but we can catch some 
segments outside for the same product portfolio for the supply perspective. But as we look in to 
the domestic market, I think we are very positive on India, we are manufacturing in this country 
for last 60-years, we have seen all the possible economic cycles and the political cycles in this 
country and we always take that long-term view, we do not take this quarter-over-quarter view 
though the quarter view we have the obligation to inform you how did we do and how we 
prospective are, but we take a long-term view on it and there we say equally positive for the 
domestic market as well as for the export market based on the potential we have created out of 
this company in this country. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Jay Kakad from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jay Kakad: 
Just on this export part, I just wanted to understand given that your parent talks about India is 
one of the most competitive markets, export margin should generally be better than domestic, 
right? Also, what kind of export is it – is it project based, product based, is it short cycle or long 
cycle? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
I think a good question. As far as exports are concerned and the market price mix is concerned, 
I think it cannot be said that the domestic prices are better or poorer than the export market 
because the export markets are also different quality markets, some of them are better and some 
of them are even lower than Indian market, but important thing one has to do is to really select 
the markets which you want to serve long-term and not in short-term. When you have a domestic 
market price level and the competitiveness, and you mix it with the export market, the overall 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
gross margin mix goes into the positive direction, so that is true. In terms of mix we have the 
product load which are the products in the box and they get shipped to the channels and also we 
have the project orders that we ship out of here. We engineered the solution and it would be, for 
example, a substation in Nepal, in Bangladesh, or it could be in Vietnam, or it could be in Sri 
Lanka, so those kind of projects are also part of our portfolio and also some of the products are 
flowing as far as to Americas both in south and US, Middle East, Africa, Europe as well as in 
Southeast Asia and right up to Japan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sumit Kishore from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
The question is on the raw material to sales ratio. Over the past three quarters, we have seen an 
increase which is roughly in the range of about 200 basis points as compared to say a three year 
period prior to that. One of the reasons that you have explained in your opening remarks was the 
HVDC project which is in the thick of execution but is it the commodity price pressure also 
impacting gross margins and how would you split the impact roughly for us to understand? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
First of all I think as I opened my remark about explaining the material cost, that is a composition 
of three revenue new streams are very important for us -- Products, Projects and Services. The 
more the services and better the margin is and also definitely the more the projects are then your 
material cost definitely has a higher depiction of it, right, and that is basically one scenario of it. 
Other one which is the scenario is about how the exports and the domestic market come into 
place in the revenue. I think the person who asked just before, like I was expecting the margins 
and exports that are going to be better and that is definitely there. So, going forward with the 
exports increasing and the services increasing and with the optimal mix of products and projects 
on the ground, I think we should be able to maintain the margins. The next is about how your 
material cost if you exclude. I think it is pretty much in line with what we have been delivering 
quarter-on-quarter last year and when it comes to commodity price increases, again I repeat, we 
are now for the government customers and public sector enterprises, so we are protected by a 
variation clause and the material come on the commodity price also and we also do hedging for 
the commodity prices. So, to that extent on a forecasting basis, so we are hedged. Yes, there will 
be a time lag and if you want to pass this impact to the market with the market prices as on today 
which fall out in today's results, but definitely on long-term basis would be consistent. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
My question is what would be the share of RP800 outstanding in a backlog today? Given that 
the PG order has declined by just 5% from the perspective that market decline has been 
significantly higher, so what has actually helped in terms of ABB reducing or capping the decline 
in their PG business despite the market being much weaker? 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
T.K. Sridhar: 
RP800 order backlog is less than Rs.3000 crores to be delivered over the next couple of years to 
come because that is a 36-month execution cycle, but how PG is able to sustain in spite of the 
market down turn from the insights of other sectors, I think Pitamber would be able to give you 
better outlook on that.  
Pitamber Shivnani: 
As far as RP is concerned, RP is in a initial phase of execution, the execution is going well, but 
we have still a good backlog of products of RP, which are going to flow in next one year to one-
and-a-half years’ time. Meanwhile we are booking quite a good number of orders of equipment 
side. So, then going forward once RP is through we will have other product order available with 
us. 
Renu Baid: 
From which segment are we booking these orders because overall Power Grid, the biggest 
customer is significantly lower? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
It is a mix actually of transmission and traction. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
To be very specific what Pitamber is saying is that the transportation segment, the railways, that 
is quite a good segment for us during this period of time. 
Renu Baid: 
The tractors and transformers probably supporting in that case? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
That is right. 
T.K. Sridhar: 
And also the exports which have been doing quite consistently is also another factor which is 
picking up the orders for PG. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Abhineet Anand from SBI CAP 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Just wanted to know this services and exports. How much they form a part of their overall 
revenues now? 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Exports inched away past the 15% mark, it is slowly climbing with the strong order input which 
we have, but in terms of revenues we are still at 15% because export uptick which you saw in 
this quarter and the previous quarter will materialize into revenues in the coming quarter, a) and 
service still stands to be today at 13% of our total order book and definitely I think it could go 
in the future. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you very much, operator. Thanks for joining in today and I am sure if you have additional 
questions, we will be very open to answer those, those questions can be routed to our team and 
we will do our best to get you an answer as quickly as possible. Thanks again. 

 
ABB India
 
July 20, 2018 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
T.K. Sridhar: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ABB 
India that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
