
Page 1 of 15
“ABB India Limited Q2-2014 Results
 Investor Relations Conference Call”
July 23, 2014
MANAGEMENT: MR. BAZMI HUSAIN – COUNTRY MANAGER &
MANAGING DIRECTOR, ABB INDIA LIMITED
MR. AMLAN DATTA MAJUMDAR – COUNTRY CFO,
ABB INDIA LIMITED
MR. PITAMBER SHIVNANI – HEAD, POWER PRODUCTS,
ABB INDIA LIMITED
MR. N. VENU – HEAD, POWER SYSTEMS, ABB INDIA
LIMITED
MR. SUBIR PAL – HEAD, DISCRETE AUTOMATION &
MOTION, ABB INDIA LIMITED
MODERATOR:
 MR. T.K. SRIDHAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS &
COUNTRY CONTROLLER, ABB INDIA LIMITED

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 2 of 15
Moderator
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I am Inba, the moderator for this Conference. Welcome
to ABB India Limited’s investor relations call to discuss the Q2 results for 2014. For the duration
of the presentation all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. I will stand by for the
question and answer session. I would like to hand over the call to Mr. T K Sridhar. Thank you
and over to you sir.
T K Sridhar
Thank you Inba. Good evening ladies & gentlemen. Welcome to the Q2 results conference call
of ABB India. I am T K Sridhar – Head of Investor Relations and the Country Controller for
ABB India. Along with me on the call are Bazmi Husain – Managing Director, then Mr. Amlan
Datta Majumdar – CFO, Pitamber Shivnani – Head of Power Products, N Venu – Head of Power
Systems. Then on the call are Subir Pal – Head of Discreet & Automation Division. Also in this
conference call are my colleagues, Sanaj and Sohini. So without any further delay it is over to
you Bazmi.
Bazmi Husain
Thanks Sridhar. Good afternoon ladies & gentlemen. Thank you very much for attending this
call. I also apologize for the change in the timing of this call. We advanced it by an hour so I
appreciate that you could have the flexibility to attend.
Looking at Q2, the market continues to be a challenging market and I am happy to tell you that
despite the market situations not really improving, we have improved our performance. We
sustained that even in this environment. Our orders have grown for the third successive quarter.
At the beginning of this year I had clearly stated to you that our focus now really is to go more
after orders, and I am happy to say that we have got growth in the market. You know the market
in India is very subdued but we have been able to tackle it with increased exports and I will talk
more about that later. So that has given us good 15% growth in orders. Now in our operations
side all the efforts that we took and continue to take on higher degree of indigenization or in
country for country efforts, our focus on supply chain, our focus on operations looking at
productivity and all that has driven a profitability.
So overall I think it has been a satisfactory quarter. Some of the key highlights for the quarter I
think in this quarter we added through solution 1200 MW of power into the system here in India.
My colleague, Venu, will talk more about that later. We also look at the delivery of the first 420
KV GIS from our factory that we inaugurated in November of last year. Export orders that I had
talked about our focus really have been both on product as well as projects. Product export has
been a focus for several years but we have also now looked at projects exports especially in our
neighboring countries. Happy to report good successes in it.
What we have also done is looked at the projects and looked at new solutions such as we work
together with EPC players of India that are doing businesses in other country and actually gave
them pre-engineered packages that make it more acceptable for the customers because ABB
then guarantees that performance at the same time it is more scalable and lesser risk for us. So
this a win-win-win kind of solution and I have mentioned this only to highlight that if we need
to grow in market such as this we have to look for new solutions.

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 3 of 15
Some of the traditional areas of growth that we have come to expect in the last several quarters,
take for example solar, I think this was a little bit more muted this year this quarter and that is
because there has been some uncertainty around penalties that have been imposed of imports of
solar panels from various countries. That has caused some delay in decision making. We do not
see this as anything that will continue but the amount of solar orders placed in the quarter have
reduced compared to the same period last year. However our share continues to be dominant as
always. So in the automation side, I think we have got wind there has been a good quarter for
wind system especially on the wind generators.
As you might be aware that we have a state-of-the-art wind generator factory that we set up a
few years ago with a capability of making the largest capacity wind generators in India. We are
also looking at exports out of (Inaudible) 6.30 where we have also done quite well. So overall
I think on the order front I would say that this is one quarter where all our divisions have grown,
all five divisions have grown. So that is I think really a good sign and vindication of all the
action that we have taken.
On the revenue side – We are up marginally compared to the same period last year and that also
reflected in better profitability, both before and after tax in the range of about 20% better. I think
in 2012 we had indicated to you that one way that we will measure ourselves and we measure
ourselves internally is really looking at operational EBITDA because that tells us how well we
are doing operationally, and in that area we have continued quarter after quarter to improve. So
that is I think also something that has been good. Cash generated for the quarter has been
positive. So Amlan will talk more about that on the cash front.
Looking at some of our orders I think about 65% of our orders come from the product side, the
rest from projects, and that is reflective of the market here in India. We have greater degree of
product orders, which also is good in the long run because that shows our competitiveness in
that area. Exports that I had mentioned earlier have done well, so all the efforts that we have
had to focus actions to push exports is now yielding good results. Services continue to grow as
before and in range of now in excess of 10% of our revenues come from service. This is an area
of high focus for us and will continue to be so.
Overall, I would say that ABB now is very well positioned to take advantage when the markets
have revised. Overall when the economy will revive is hard to predict. We are cautiously
optimistic. But whenever it does (revive), I think we are certainly in a very good position now
to take advantage of it. Our focus of in a profitable volume, and cash over revenue remains and
this will continue to be pushed in the coming quarters. A market reach approach of really looking
at penetration in the existing market, innovation and then looking for expansion so that is our
focus. And continuing to focus on the execution part looking at productivity, looking at supply
chain, looking at actually indigenization of more and more products.
So with that I am going to hand over now to my colleague, Amlan, who is going to take a closer
look at the numbers and then we can address Q&A later. Thank you.

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 4 of 15
Amlan Datta Majumdar
Thank you Bazmi. Good evening ladies & gentlemen. You have seen the results already but
before we come to that if we can just recap the macro situation in the country. The new
government has now come in but it is not too long so we have to wait and see what happens but
if we see the indicators, I mean we can see huge confidence in the market, stock market and
Sensex is moving around 25,000-26,000 and these are all good indications. But also what is
encouraging is what we had seen from the beginning of the calendar year that the current account
deficit has been coming down, FOREX reserves improving though GDP growth still remain
muted. Inflation has come under somehow some control. Sometime it is raising its head a little
bit but still under reasonable control. The concern for the businesses like us of course in the
macro is interest rates are yet very high and that is not really helping our customers and ourselves
to take the next big steps. So that is a little bit of concern but overall the things look to be
reasonably good. The budget was presented by the new government in a very short time so it
may be a little bit too early to comment on that. But overall this was a good budget but we have
to wait for the real ones sometime next year. What we need to see now from a macro perspective
is some traction on the ground, because so far the sentiment has become positive and people are
more enthusiastic. Both our customers and peer companies, including us, but we have to see I
mean this has to turn into reality and we must see some more projects coming up in the market,
some more reform measures coming in. So we will wait for that with all optimism.
Coming to the company performance – It is in line with the last couple of quarters that we have
seen that we have started growing now in orders as Bazmi also mentioned. If you recollect if
our first quarter we had grown by 29%, this quarter is 15%. So the trends are absolutely positive
and this we are little more comfortable because as we have been mentioning nothing so much
has really changed in the marketplace. In spite of that we are able to improve on the order side
that makes us more confident. One of the elements which has really helped this is of course
exports, which has grown in high double digit during this quarter and even last quarter was very
good. We shared that with you. So the order front looks pretty much okay. The revenue has been
showing a modest growth and one of the reasons we have been saying repeatedly and that in the
market with a tight liquidity we really wanted to be a little careful while shipping out our
material because the interest rates being high there is a reluctance to be free on payment from
the market. So we are a little careful on that but our intention in the second half of the year,
which starts from July, is to have increased revenues, of course keeping the risk factor in mind.
But we will go for higher revenues and the backlog and the execution plans are also in that
angle, so hopefully that will also help the other parameters well.
Coming to the profitability – We are seeing about the 20% growth and you know we have always
maintained this position that we do not really want to show big ups and big downs. We want to
have consistent results and it is in line with that. All our divisions are doing reasonably well.
Our power products are doing very well. If you have seen a little bit of dip in the results this
time, these are for some one-time charges we have taken - these are not costs really but these
are provisions that we had to make because some of the products that we have made first time
in this country they have shipped out to a customer as per our policy we are conservative on that

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 5 of 15
which we have kept some warranty provisions on that. So it is looking slightly lower but it will
pick up again next quarter. So we are very confident that it is going on the right track. The power
system which has been our major worry if you recollect a few years back. I think now it has
gained ground and it is pretty much stable. It is a business which all companies are facing
challenge because of the market and also because of the complexities in the economy. But I
think it is doing pretty well now. It has settled and which gives us a lot of confidence and comfort
to move forward. Process automation has not grown so much because you know the condition
of the industry side.
There are not too many projects, Greenfield projects, not even Brownfields. Investments
happening in the market are those which are absolutely essential, nobody can avoid it. So the
volumes have not really picked up that way but if you see they have come up very well on the
profitability side, which also makes us happy. The low voltage products they have also come up
and if you see the volumes have grown. You have also seen the profits have become better. So
low voltage products are expected to do much better in the next two quarters.
The profitability is actually pretty much muted in discreet automation and motion and we have
said in the last two quarters that this is one market which is so severely affected in terms of price
realization. So we expect as the economy comes back as we are all hoping that this division will
do increasingly well but we might have to wait for a couple of quarters before we get back our
traditional double digit margins in that business.
But overall it has been a satisfactory profitable performance and this has been basically driven
by if you look at our results published, if you look at our cost side, we have been talking so far
on the market. Let us look at the cost.
Our material cost has now stabilized at 68-69% for the last 2-3 quarters that is the trend and we
are very happy about it. Our intention is to improve another few percentage points and bring it
down but that too depends on not only our various initiatives that we have taken on supply chain
operational excellence and all which will anyway continue but also the price realization in the
market is expected to be improved as and when the market revives.
On the people expenses – Personal expenses it is now at around 9% and that is consistent while
we have been optimizing our resources and our current headcounts where people number stands
at 6212 at the end of June. But we have not been shying away from rewarding our high
performers well. So with all that we are able to really maintain our personal expenses at about
9% level and even in absolute value if I look at the first quarter of this year which is the quarter
ending March and the quarter ending June, there has not been any significant increase.
Coming to the other expenses – Actually the other expenses figure here, actually there is no
increase in the other expenses instead there is a decline. That means we have been able to control
costs like travel and maintenance and stuff like that very well. It has actually come down but
there has been a FOREX loss in this quarter of 13 crores as against a 2 crores profit in the same

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 6 of 15
quarter last year. And I would like to reemphasize here that ABB as a group and ABB India
Limited as a part of that group we have a very strong and conservative hedging policy. We cover
all our exposures both on purchase and sales side as soon as we have a commitment made. So
that hedging policies are very strict but anyway you have seen FOREX impact is also coming
out of the wild movement in the currencies at some point in time. It is stabilizing now and I
think the movements will be much more predictable going forward but we had a 13 crores loss
during this quarter.
The depreciation almost is flat, little increase because of the Capex that we have spent last year
in developing our factories in Baroda. One area which continues to worry us a little bit is the
interest cost which is really hurting us because of the severe liquidity situation in the market we
are still having a borrowing level, net borrowing of about 570 crores and then we would really
like to see this going down but last few quarters have not really helped in terms of that. We are
still keeping a big focus but we are also very conservative as you know in terms of managing
our debtors and stuff like that and we are always doing a check and recheck that we have no
risks left there and we are fairly convinced. We just had a big exercise sometime back and we
are fairly convinced that we are on the right track. And the interest cost will come down as the
borrowing levels drop. And borrowing levels actually going by the size of the company of close
to 8000 crores, 500 crores borrowing is a reasonable borrowing in our assessment and we would
not be unduly concerned but we will be watching this very carefully.
The overall performance seems okay. We are satisfied if the revenue picks up in the second half
of the year we expect to show better results but of course before we take onto the question-
answer session we do expect we are very optimistic that we will see some more reform measures
from the government and the industry will really start moving up.
Thank you very much for the time and back to you Sridhar for Q&A session.
T K Sridhar
Thank you Bazmi and Amlan. So Inba I think we now can open the call for Q&A.
Moderator
Sure sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session for investors.
We will take our first question from Bhavin Vithlani of Axis Capital. Please go ahead.
Bhavin Vithlani
A couple of questions – one is if you can help us what is the breakup of the exports of the orders
and the revenues in this quarter and services as well. Secondly, you mentioned in your opening
remark that we expect improvement in the raw material to sales ratio going forward even if the
pricing environment was not to improve. If you can help us what is the kind of improvement,
what you are looking at and last bit is PGCIL was talking about new initiatives such as SVCs
and STATCOM, so if you can give us an update on any progress on that front.
Bazmi Husain
So what I am going to do is I am going to take the portions you talked about service and exports
and also about SVC/STATCOM actually I will ask my colleague, Venu, to talk about that. And
questions you have around the raw material to sales cost ratio, material cost this thing Amlan

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 7 of 15
will be able to take that. So let me begin with service as I said, service is now in excess of 10%
for revenues. We clearly have a near term target that we want to take this higher up, closer to
15%. So this will continue to move in that direction. When it comes to exports, as I said that we
are actually seeing robust growth from double digit growth in exports, fairly strong double digit
is what I would say. And this is driven from across our businesses but also the biggest float is
this time coming from having good amount on project deliveries into the neighboring countries.
So strong double digit growth in exports crossing 10% in our services going further up as we
go. The second thing that when it comes to STATCOM and SVC tenders, yes, there is a blueprint
on that, there are several inquiries that are going on and Venu could possibly come and talk
about it.
Bhavin Vithlani
Before we go that if you can help us proportion of exports in orders and revenues in this quarter
of first half.
Bazmi Husain
We will not get into how much we do, how much for orders and how much for revenue. All I
can say is that this is not a one-time event that you will see.
N. Venu
Ever since we had the grid failure last year in July, there is a lot of focus on grid reliability and
what you are talking about SVC STATCOMs part of this initiative in that. It is not only the
PGCIL, many other state utilities having a large network are also working in this direction. I
think ABB is having a technology on both SVC and STATCOM. We have been working with
PGCIL, as well as other state utilities on that, and some of the tenders of PGCIL have already
come out and this being a large tender and it takes a time to finalize to tenders in that.
Bhavin Vithlani
So what could be the opportunity for PGCIL and the state transport?
N Venu
PGCIL, at least from their public available information, is coming out with close to 12 projects,
each worth roughly at $100 mn.
Bhavin Vithlani
And state opportunity could be equivalent of PGCIL or may be a tad lower?
N Venu
Slight not all states are going, couple of 4-5 major states having a big network are going into
this direction right now.
Bhavin Vithlani
Which would be these states?
N Venu
Like Gujarat and Maharashtra and couple of other southern states.
Amlan Datta Majumdar
You had a question on material cost. We are right now at about 68% plus of revenues and this
has come down for the last 2-3 years back if you see we were in the range of 77-78%. So it is a
significant improvement but yes, our intention to go, we would think as the first milestone’s
target of say 65% but when that would happen is very hard to predict because while we are

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 8 of 15
working on our initiatives which are giving us results but as you know this percentage is also a
function of the market price. So if market prices improve then we might see better results soon.
Bazmi Husain
Just to add to what Amlan just said, our approach for looking at material cost reduction is
actually multi-pronged. Supply chain clearly is one element of that where we are looking at
better price levels from our suppliers but what is more important is that when we talked about
the “in country, for country” effort a large portion of that was really looking at a design which
would inherently be more cost effective. So that is something which we see as more than a
transactional advantage. It is something that is more sustainable for us. A lot of our revamp of
our factory productivity improvement, capacity increases, etc., have also helped in bringing
overall material cost down. So it is a multi-pronged effort. It is what we are doing on supply
chain. What we are doing as market price revival when that happened and we know it will
happen. It does not predict when. I think it is going to further help us in that.
Bhavin Vithlani
If I can slip in one more question, we saw a strong order book of about 17% and one of the other
peers have been speaking about orders getting impacted due to the election season. So if you
can come in little bit about how was the domestic scenario for the quarter?
Bazmi Husain
As I mentioned right in the beginning the domestic scenario is not been the happiest in that
sense. From our perspective we need to grow and we find avenues to grow. And this is where
having a global reach is certainly a benefit to us because our ability to address global markets
from our operations say in India helps us neutralize times like elections or whatever other events
creates some temporary delays in the decision making that our customers have.
Moderator
Our next question is from Renu Baid of B&K Securities. Please go ahead.
Renu Baid
Sir my question, I am just trying to understand little more in terms of how the order flows have
moved. Now it has been almost 3 to 4 quarters that have seen order flow stabilizing both from
domestic as well as exports but what gives you confidence that despite certain large ticket size
orders not moving we will be able to secure incremental growth in the space given that our
pipeline still remain a constrained from common sector orders. Are there any particular project
pipelines, certain segments which look much more promising in the coming 12 to 18 months
with better visibility?
Bazmi Husain
Well you know a combination of two things, I mean let us say exactly which orders will come
and which will not come is something that we will only know in future but the thing is that
primarily two areas that I want to emphasize on. One is that what we do is we have got things
in place to do it differently. As an example I had mentioned about the engineer substations. Now
that is a much more scalable business, so we do not need to scale ourselves to do more of that
business. That gives us reach that we did not have before. So it is basically do what we do before
but do it in a different way. The second aspect is looking at really newer areas for growth. Solar
this time as I had mentioned was a little bit muted for the quarter but that I think is where we
believe is something that is a passing phase. It will recover, and it will rebound very strongly as

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 9 of 15
we go along. So there we focus let us say looking at more of exports, doing more projects as
well that gave us a growth. And these two kinds of examples that I have taken is more start of a
process where we see a much more potential to actually do more. With that background I would
say that at some point in time we would be less confident about that being limiting but this is
only the start. So we really think that market is not what is going to stop us from growing. The
rate of growth of course depends on how the local markets revive. Ultimately that is there what
we are waiting for. Everything else that we do is really to keep us going till the market here
begins to boom again.
Amlan Datta Majumdar 
If I can just add onto that, some of you who have tracked us for the last few years we have been
consistently saying that we are not in a short term business. We are taking actions which will
help us in the long term. So if you see us three years ago and you see us today we are much
more competitive in this market. So in spite of all other factors what Bazmi has said we much
more competitive not only in terms of pricing but also in terms of various offerings that we can
do what Bazmi also mentioned. So we are better ready so that is also making us more confident.
Renu Baid
Right but sir just to add to that last time we did mention that we had seen traction coming in
from the metals and cement and certain allied industrial sectors for short cycle products as with
large products. So is that sustaining or probably that seems like a bit spot in terms of the
maintenance CAPEX from the corporate side?
Amlan Datta Majumdar
We thought it would sustain better than it seems to be. Now whether this is something that is
temporary or that was temporary is hard to say. But clearly whether it is just a lull that you are
seeing because right now there may be a new government in place may be people are still
waiting for something or whatever but you are absolutely right a quarter ago we saw more
promise from the domestic market. We saw early signs of promise that did not seem to sustain
so it is hard to make out whether this is the reality that we need to plan for the future or this is
just a very passing phase. Regardless of any of that we do express our intention that we do not
intend to stay at the levels where we are. We will grow. The rate of growth depends on of course
what the market offers.
Renu Baid
And sir just the last question from my side. Given the kind of strong orders we have we are
surfacing on incrementally on the execution side, but on the ground are you seeing customers
being equally receptive in terms of accepting deliveries and taking them on time? So are you
comfortable on that side which will help you to get the sales growth in second half?
Amlan Datta Majumdar
Yes, it is a mixed bag. There are clearly areas where, or in a broad sense any delivery or set of
delivery which increases the competitiveness is more likely to be accepted under these
circumstances rather than things which are just adding capacity.
Moderator
We will take our next question from Nirav Vasa of Motilal Oswal Securities. Please go ahead.

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 10 of 15
Nirav Vasa
I just wanted to understand one thing very specifically – what is the kind of growth potential
that is visible to you especially from your wind power segment because some of the peers
operating from India have given really very robust guidance after a span of a very long time. So
just wanted to check are you also sensing a lot of euphoria happening in that particular sector as
well?
Subir Pal
Actually, after a very dull 2012, 2013 itself saw some sort of rebound of wind energy to the
previous levels and that trend has continued into 2014. We do see a robust order backlog on the
wind sectors and that is also spreading across multiple wind turbine manufacturers so that boards
well for the future.
Nirav Vasa
My second question was, at this point of time the net debt that we have, the net debt is 570
crores. So just wanted to check do we internally have any kind of target as to what is the quantum
of net debt that we intend to repay in second half?
Amlan Dutta Majumdar
Not actually, we want to bring it down to zero, I mean to be honest. But this is very much
dependent on market liquidity that you see. But yes we would at least like to reduce it by 20%
in the second half of the year, at least if not more. If the liquidity improves we can do much
more but at least 20% we can get in the current situation. We are working for it.
Moderator
Our next question is from Gaurav Sanghavi of Bajaj Allianz. Please go ahead.
Gaurav Sanghavi
My question is on EBITDA margin. Can you throw some light on the margin and what kind of
margins you are expecting on the new orders?
Amlan Datta Majumdar
Margins are expected to be better. If you have seen consistently it has been showing slightly
better trend in the last 12 months and we have mentioned this earlier, especially in some of the
orders which we declare officially say about 3 quarters ago that we are careful in taking certain
kind of orders especially on the Systems businesses unless the terms & conditions are supportive
we want to be careful. So the margins are likely to improve. We had given some indication about
two years back that 8% margin should be good to achieve in the short run which we are very
close to that now. So our intention is to every time take a couple of percentage better and work
for it. But this also depends, you must remember that this is on the market also. If the market is
not improving at all the work becomes much tougher. If the market is improving of course it
will become easier. But we are working continuously on that. Every two years we are taking a
couple of percentage target to get better.
Gaurav Sanghavi
Second question is on provisioning. The provisioning number has come down by around 70
crores, so which is predominantly on account of any reversal in the provisioning in terms of
warranties?
Amlan Datta Majumdar
Provisioning is a continuous matter. There are various elements in the provision. So they keep
changing all the time. We are not taking any conscious decision whatsoever either to increase

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 11 of 15
or decrease provisioning at a company level. So that is what we are not doing but it depends on
where we have been kept of provision somewhere, so I have not really even looked at it very
seriously because provisioning is a very natural thing for us unless we do not take any specific
provisions somewhere. So I have not really looked at it so seriously.
Moderator
We will take next question from Fatema Pacha of ICICI Pru Life Insurance. Please go ahead.
Fatema Pacha
Just wanted to ask you in your press release you said that you won some large orders this quarter.
Could you just give some details on what kind of orders say about 200-250 crores, if you could
give some details?
Pitamber Shivnani
We got a large order from Reliance actually which had transformers. It works for EBoP,
electrical balance of plants, which had transformers and GIS. This was almost (+200) crores.
This was one of the major orders and then I think Venu we got this Bangladesh orders also.
Fatema Pacha
Reliance orders is what?
Pitamber Shivnani
Reliance Industries.
N. Venu
EBoP which includes all our power products including GIS sub-stations for their captive power
plants and we also have received 10 substation orders from Bangladesh Electricity Company.
Fatema Pacha
That also 200 crores?
N. Venu
Close to 170 crores.
Fatema Pacha
Any other big order?
N. Venu
There are few.
Fatema Pacha
From railways or something because I remember last quarter you had a big railway order?
Subir Pal
Yes, I would like to add that we have had some big orders again from railways in this quarter
and we also had significant orders in the robotics business from some of the leading automobile
manufacturers like Mahindra & Mahindra and also two wheeler manufacturers.
Fatema Pacha
This also will be around 200 crores, both railways and robotics?
Subir Pal
All these medium-sized orders, all taken together would be about 100 crores.
Fatema Pacha
And sir just wanted to ask, exports we said that it has grown high-double digit. Has the domestic
order also grown and like would it have grown in the high-single digit or even higher?
Amlan Datta Majumdar
Both have grown.

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 12 of 15
Fatema Pacha
And sir if I had to just ask on the working capital, I have seen some working capital stretch from
December to now because we have seen that debt and cash both net have reduced by 300 crores.
Amlan Datta Majumdar
Working capital is a function of various things but the situation on the ground has not really
changed neither any of our situation in terms of the market. So basically one of the reasons why
working capital is high we have said earlier and the situation actually continues but since you
raised the point let me touch upon that. See in the Systems businesses that we do, Project
businesses these are having very huge retention. We have very large orders, I do not want to
name right now, the size of the order is in excess of 200 crores. Multiple orders we have taken
at some point where the retention is 40% of the revenue. Now this retention is stable after a
pretty long timing. We can always discuss whether we should take such orders or whether we
should not take. But these are the orders we had to take at some point and so these are sitting
there and there is no risk about it but then it takes time. It takes a lot of money and we are hurt
by the interest as I mentioned to you. Overall situation has not changed very much while there
are a lot of initiatives on the ground inside but the external market is not really showing any
great improvement.
Bazmi Husain
Just to add one thing to what Amlan said, this is something that we review on a continuous basis.
What I would really like to do is to confirm that this is matter of timing not risk because this is
something that we review on extremely very critically and on very regular basis. We see that
our current level of receivable is high but that is because of the situation of either the projects
or the liquidity projects being delayed, etc., or customer liquidity. We do not see either a rest in
the questions regarding whether those are due or not or for that matter the ability of these
customers to survive.
Fatema Pacha
I do not fear that you will not get the money back. The only fear is that I remember last year
same time you slowed down the execution when the money was not coming on time. So I am
just asking that is that stands a little loosened up, because now you believe that -
Bazmi Husain
Not at all, our revenue growth would have been substantially high absolutely. If you look at our
inventory and you look at the finished goods and work-in-progress, a large portion of that is
because of this reason. That does not take into account the buyouts.
N. Venu
Our strategy – cash over revenue remains.
Amlan Dutta Majumdar 
Yes, that we will continue. This is not a market where we want to do any kind of adventure.
Moderator
We will take our next question from Vishnu Sharma of CRISIL. Please go ahead.
Vishnu Sharma
Just wanted to check the loans and advances number increase, is it pertaining to be increased
advance income tax or is it something else?
Amlan Dutta Majumdar
Yes, it is also advanced income tax. No other major item like that.

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 13 of 15
Vishnu Sharma
And secondly on the current liabilities front the trade payables, is the customer advances this
time around lower from the newer orders?
Amlan Dutta Majumdar
You are talking about trade payables or advances or both?
Vishnu Sharma
Actually I am talking about both the numbers.
Amlan Dutta Majumdar
As far as trade payables are concerned, this I think remains clear, there is no major change in
that but as far as customer advances are concerned we are getting advances but somewhere we
may not accept the advances also. Because some of the customers in project especially are
coming up with interest bearing advances and we do not want to borrow money from our
customers. That is not what we do.
Vishnu Sharma
No because the trade payables at the end of the year was some 2080 crores, now it is down to I
think 1850 odd number. So there is a decent swing in that number.
Amlan Dutta Majumdar
Yes that is a supplier balance, right. And that depends on our contract with the supplier. Some
project, somewhere we have a contract that we will pay the major part back-to-back contract
and we pay major part at some point in time during this period. So that has gone out. That is
what it is. No special action taken on that.
Vishnu Sharma
And the question back on provisions, it is only pertaining to the dividend going out or is it some
other item if you can clarify on that?
Amlan Dutta Majumdar
Absolutely, what I said provisioning in our case is a very normal process and there is nothing
that even has taken place. Nothing much to explain there. It is a very normal process. Sometimes
we make, sometimes we have to reverse and mostly followed by accounting norms and our best
estimates of the situation. We have neither reversed anything major nor creating anything major.
Moderator
Our next question is from Ankur Sharma of PhillipCapital. Please go ahead.
Ankur Sharma
My question was on the indigenization efforts we have been taking over the past few years to
reduce our cost, specifically on the new technology which are being ordered of the power grids,
HVDCs and STATCOMs, SVCs, what are the indigenization initiatives we have taken on those
specific products given the fact that these are going to be the ones which will be contributing in
terms of the majority of the orders coming henceforth? So if you could just share some color
there and also how are you placed against competition in terms of how much you can make out
of India and how much needs to be imported?
Bazmi Husain
First of all let me just say that when we are talking about the “in country, for country effort” it
is not just about products that we will bring into the market or in future or as the market develops
further, what new opportunity that might bring. It is equally and in many cases the bigger value
is to address those products for which there is already a market because that is where the volume

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 14 of 15
is going to be. The volume for new products builds over time. If you look at STATCOM and
SVC market you have to look at $100 million odd, $200 million at the outset at the moment for
the next few years. It has the potential to grow much bigger but that is going to take time. So
that is one part of the questions. So the association of the indigenization and “in country, for
country effort” towards only new product I just want to address that and say association is more
on the volumes that we do today, not volumes that we will do tomorrow. For volumes that we
do tomorrow we already have a significant amount that we do here in India. For example, India
is for ABB its largest R&D country. So no other country has more R&D that is meant for total
ABB global scenario than India does. And that does include newer technology such as HVDC
which is what is talked about actually in India and in India most of the businesses what is
technically called HVDC classic. There are newer technologies which are now being used in
STATCOM like voltage source converters and all and voltage source converter based HVDC is
more the next generation of technology but those things, the capability to engineer it is already
in India. Today we are doing it more for global projects as the market in India evolves and the
grid here moves through a state where it will begin to see value in installing that. Then we are
already present, in fact and that is something that we believe we are unique in having that
capability already on the grounds. So we are not waiting for the market to develop to have that
capability. We have that capability here today serving the global market but as the market
develops we just have the local market too.
Ankur Sharma
And just a follow-up sir in terms of the SVC orders being placed by power grid, is there a
compulsory domestic manufacturing clause there or can these be entirely imported out of -
N. Venu
There is a clause compulsory domestic manufacturing, one-third of those stations have to be
manufactured locally.
Ankur Sharma
And just one follow up question, specifically what Bazmi mentioned earlier was that on the
industrial side things remain subdued and most of our order booking is coming from the power
side of things. So by when do you really expect ordering in the process automation site to really
start picking up? I mean are you optimistic that you will see some signs of pick up may be last
quarter of this calendar year or is it more of a CY15 kind of a story?
Bazmi Husain
I would love to hear your idea on timing. All I can say is that it remains uncertain. What we are
doing is keeping ourselves prepared, keeping ourselves primed up, making sure that we kind of
stay there with performance, with capacity to actually take larger projects and our focus right
now in all honesty like I had mentioned that several quarters ago yes, now we do see some
medium-to-large size orders but at this point in time more than the size of the orders we also
look at the cycle time of orders. We are clearly having a preference of shorter cycle than longer
cycle orders. The last thing you as investor would like us to have is to take many orders that we
have bought that we have basically taken into our books when it is a buyer’s market and have
to execute them when it is a seller’s market. You know the implications of that. I do not know
when the market will revive but I would not say that it is very far away.

ABB India Limited
                                                                                                                                   July 23, 2014
Page 15 of 15
Moderator
Thank you. As there are no further questions form the participants I would now like to hand the
floor back to Mr. T K Sridhar for final remarks.
T K Sridhar
Thank you Inba. Thank you everyone for attending this particular call and thanks to Bazmi,
Amlan and other management team who were there with me. So just in case if you still have
some unanswered questions please feel free to get back to us. Thank you very much.
Moderator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for choosing Chorus Calls Conferencing Service.
This concludes the conference for analysts. For further updates on ABB in India you can follow
ABBINDIA on Twitter. The account name is @abbindia. Thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a nice day.
