August, 27, 2018
Department of Corporate Services,
Listing Department,
B.S.E Limited,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,
Phiroze Jeebhoy Towers,
Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai
— 400001
Mumbai
— 400051
Dear Sir,
Sub: Transcripts of the Conference call.
BSE Scrip code / NSE Symbol: 532486 / POKARNA
We refer to above and hereby submit the transcripts of Q1 & FY19 Earnings Conference Call,
conducted on August, 14, 2018.
This is for your information and dissemination.
Mahesh Inani
Company Secretary

Q
l’llh \IE\
I- l.."".'.
\
I “II |‘I'.II
Pokarna Limited
Q1 FY19 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
August 14, 2018
Moderator:
Gavin Desa:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Ladies
and gentlemen, good day and
welcome
to
Pokarna
Limited
Q1
FY19
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen
only mode and there will
be
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes.
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa of CDR
India. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Thank you. Good day everyone and
a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q1
FY19 Analyst and Investor conference call.
We have with us today Mr. Gautam Chand Jain —Chairman and Managing Director
and Mr. Paras Kumar Jain
— Chief Operating Officer of Pokarna Engineered Stone
Limited.
We will begin this conference call with opening remarks from the management
following which we will have the floor open for an interactive Q&A session. Before
we begin
I would
like to just point out that some statements made
in today's
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and a note to that effect has been
stated in the con call invites sent to you earlier. We trust you have had a chance to
go through the documents on performance.
I would now like to request Mr. Paras Jain to make his opening remarks. Over to
you, Paras.
Thanks, Gavin. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for taking the time out for
joining our earnings conference call. Trust all of you have received the investor
presentation sent.
I will begin the call by discussing our financial performance for the quarter. The key
headline numbers post which
I will talk briefly on the operating and the business
environment.
Starting with the revenues, we reported a growth of 22% to a large extent which
was driven by strong performance of Quartz business and also partly owing to the
low base of the last year. Quartz business continues to see steady momentum on
the back of strong demand and increasing acceptance of our design offerings.
Q
l’()l\\ll\\
I l\ll|'|.l)
l: l..'. \
...-_.
Page 1 of 12

Moderator:
Pritesh Chheda:
Some of our recent launches have been well received by the customers. Business
environment for Granite though continue to remain challenging owing to highly
competitive intensity and currency headwinds. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.
22 crore as again Rs. 17 crore higher by 27.4%.
Compared to historical performance we have seen some pressure on our operating
profitability and margins largely owing to higher input cost and currency headwinds.
Polyester
resin key
raw
material input for
our Quartz
business
has
seen
an
increase in prices in recent times following the rise in crude prices. Further the
currency depreciation is resulting in higher import prices in turn affecting the overall
cost structure.
We are however working on ways forward to minimize the impact and preserve the
margins at respectable levels. PAT for the quarter stood at Rs. 9 crore as against
Rs. 5 crore generated during the corresponding period last year. We are working
on ways towards improving the product mix which would help
us maintain the
profitability going
forward.
Granite
business
as
well
should
start contributing
positively once the macro environment starts to turn favorable for the industry.
Moving to the operational highlights.
I would like to state that we have applied for
requisite regulatory approval for commencing the work on new Quartz plant and
civil work should start on the same shortly. As mentioned in our previous calls the
plant
will
be
situated
at
approximately
25
kilometers
from
Rajiv
Gandhi
International Airport and is close proximity to Inland Container Depot, Hyderabad
which is well connected by roads to key domestic ports.
‘
The facility will cater to both international as well as domestic demand which is
witnessing encouraging demand trends. A quick word on the individual business
environment post which we can commence the Q&A session.
Granite
business
as
mentioned
earlier
is going through challenging phase
at
present. Realization remains under pressure owing to rising competitive intensity.
Further the currency depreciation
as well
is causing certain challenge for the
business. We are hopeful that our strategy of fine tuning our products mix and
focusing more on the high margin products will help us negate some of the pain
and deliver steady performance going forward in medium term.
Now moving to Quartz business in general the macro environment continues to
remain positive. Demand for the product remains strong and also we have started
servicing IKEA, Hyderabad.
That concludes my opening remarks. We can now start the Q&A session.
Thank you very much.
The first question
is from the
line of Pritesh
Chheda from Lucky
Investment
Managers. Please go ahead.
My question is on the Quartz business. Is there any scope for volume growth or
expansion in the current capacities that we have? Second. what we are reading is
there is some amount of tariff imposition on the Chinese products into the US on
the Quartz side. So. does it have any form of tailwind for our product in terms of
higher pricing or any other tailwind which can flow in which can top up the revenue
growth?
®
I'iIh-\l|V-\
I.Ir\ll'rl:u
-.
a..—-.
huh“-
-. .i
. n...
4 rrI-r-mr‘l
Page 2 of 12

Gautam Chand Jain:
Pritesh Chheda:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Moderator:
Ravi Purohit:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Ravi Purohit:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Current capacity, presently we work to full capacity. And we are exploring ways
and means how till the new production facility come into operations, how we can if
at all put some small investments to find if there is a way to improve the total yield
at the plant. 80, maybe in the next quarter earnings time
I will be able to clarify
what we will be able to plan to do to increase some capacity at the existing plant.
Regarding Chinese tariffs, we are yet waiting because this is all paper news which
is happening but no new tariffs have come yet.
But
the
market
is
expecting
that
by
next
month
there
should
be
some
announcement of the tariff on Chinese products going into US market. Obviously,
that will be a positive point for us. But we do not know how long and how much, so
I think this call
I do not think I will be able to quantify what will be the advantage we
will be getting.
Just here if you could tell us what will be the market share of China Quartz into of
imports of US?
Today in the US market, the Quartz share of Chinese is in excess of 60% and rest
all the countries including the US supplies make up for the balance.
Thank you. The next question
is from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities
Investments Management Pvt Ltd.. Please go ahead.
Couple of questions. One is relating to your Quartz CAPEX. At what stage are we,
if
we
get
your
clearances
now
how
much
time
will
it
take
for
this
to get
commissioned?
Second
was
moving
our
domestic
rupee
loans
to
ECB
any
progress
on that because
it is been stuck for more than
a year now,
so just
wondering whether we have been able to move those loans to ECB loans?
Regarding Quartz CAPEX we will continue to work on initial assumption of Rs. 330
crore and then regarding the timeline it should be 18 months which stands good
even today.
But we have already acquired the land and
we have just started
working
on the land
but the main time will
be delivery of machines and then
eventually erection of the machines. 80, to safely say another 18 months from
today is the right time that I should guide you.
Regarding rupee loan, we have already communicated earlier also that the banks
have agreed to transfer that to foreign currency loan but only problem is one of the
consortium bank has not been responding due to their internal problems and that is
why we have not been able to achieve. But finally our lead bank has told us that
this is the last month we will wait for them to respond othenivise we will convert only
our portion and then IOB has also agreed to convert their portion except Bank of
India, which we are still not getting any clarity.
So,
I hope that the lead bank has promised that this month is the last month we will
wait for their response but othenivise they will go ahead and convert their portion of
the loan.
is it worth the wait? Why rely up on Bank of India when there are so many other
bankers who can take this loan over from Bank of India?
They are our consortium member from day one. So, for whatever reason and now
for the new project anyway we are not going to Bank of India, the new project is
being funded by Union
Bank only. So,
we do not want to change for a small
account to any other bank today. So, since our lead bank has promised that they
Page 3 of 12

Ravi Purohit:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Moderator:
Pranav Mehta:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pranav Mehta:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Pranav Mehta:
Gautam Chand Jain:
will handle this or otherwise they at least, lOB has also has come forward already
to sanction this.
And UBI is already sanctioned but they were waiting for the last chance to Bank of
India, because in a consortium it always the consensus that they look for. But if it
does not come, they have already given in writing that they will convert after this
month.
Any update on the apparel business closure or exit or sale out? It has been more
than
a
year since
the
board approved
it and
we
have
been showing
it
as
discontinued operations ?
They are not getting any reasonable valuation or any customer so it will be status
quo for some more time, looks like.
Thank you. The next question
is from the line of Pranav Mehta from Equirus
Securities. Please go ahead.
First question was regarding the raw material prices. So, how have they moved
over last 3 to 4 quarters and what do you expect to over next 3 to 4 quarters in
Quartz?
So, the raw material pricing trend
on the polyester resin side is slightly not as
aggressive as it was before, but we see that at least some more uptake is there in
the raw material prices to come. We do not see a major change happening in the
raw material prices unless the crude goes and the other basic raw materials by
products of the crude goes haywire. So, we believe that there is some more trend
in the upper side of the raw material price to come.
On the Granite front. what is the main problem you are facing? And what is the
percentage of contribution from cut-to-size Granite that you were saying that it is
going to improve the realization, so any uptick on that front?
The problem in Granite industry today a universal problem not alone with us or not
alone with India. Universally the Granite total overall business is not doing well.
Probably one of the reasons could be the trend of Quartz being used bigger than
the American markets and other markets. But the problem is also inherent problem
of no new colors, then the colors are available at cheaper prices from Indian as
well as other competitors. So, there is an inherent problem of the product itself
today.
But we do not know, looking at the Chinese possibility of the tariff, the lower end
priced product will probably again catch up in the American market because the
Quartz coming at a low price will be again,
I assume replaced by low value Granite.
80,
l
am just looking fonzvard just to that, that is my personal opinion and the
margins will never be there because there are too many players now and too many
options.
And
without any
innovative product
or any
new colors available
we
assume that this is going to continue unless the American market comes back to
Granite for cheaper end products.
On the tariff front, we have been hearing that Chinese Quartz might be imposed
with a tariff of around 25%, is it right or is it more than 100%?
Actually nobody can tell today what will be the US Government doing. Only these
are all assumptions, it can be 100%, it can be 10%, it can be 25%. So,
I do not
think we should talk about what is not in our control, we will have to wait for till the
Page 4 of 12

Paras Kumar Jain:
Pranav Mehta:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Moderator:
Jinal Sheth:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Jinal Sheth:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Jinal Sheth:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Jinal Sheth:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Jinal Sheth:
Paras Kumar Jain:
American Government decides what they want to do. But surely there would be
some tariff that is for sure looks like.
Adding to what Mr. Jain said what you are reading in the daily newspaper is the
tariff which
is ad valorem tariff which they
are proposing.
But Quartz case is
actually
in
a different category also which
is
more
on the countervailing
and
antidumping. So, that case is a separate case and this ad valorem duty coming in
is a separate case. So, which one will go through and what will be the level of duty
is only once the US Trade Commission decides we should be able to contemplate.
So,
I think most of the talk today would be more speculative in nature.
Apart from
US,
are
we seeing
any growth
in
our Quartz
revenue from
other
regions?
Basically we have been traditionally US exporter. While there is definitely a growth
happening in the other trajectories also, but our focus continues to be US because
of
our
traditional
lineage
and
also
because
no
market today
has
got
that
consumption which US market gives.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinal Sheth from Multi Act. Please
go ahead.
Just wanted to catch up on the point that you meant about the Chinese market
share in the US of 60%. Can you highlight what that was around 3 to 5 years back?
This is the growth what you see in the span of over 8 years. So. every year we do
not really keep a track.
Okay so over the last 8 years is where they stand today is around so they have
gained share?
Yes, because they were aggressively selling products which were very low priced
and that is the reason that the US Trade Commission has decided to act on it.
ljust wanted to understand from a demographic point of view and since US is your
main market for Quartz. any thoughts any views on that in terms of the trends?
As we mentioned at the beginning of the call, the trend in the US market for this
product particularly Quartz is positive for various reasons as Mr. Jain mentioned
also a little while ago. that it has got into some share of other natural stone market.
So. amongst all the hard surfaces what has been reported is that in the US, Quartz
is the category which is growing at the highest percentage points.
And you believe that over the next 3 to 5 years you should not have any major
hiccups over there?
Yes, that is what our firm belief is that the business has got a strong momentum for
at least medium term.
80, there are lots of players supplying into the US, right other than the Chinese
players?
Yes, there are various countries that supply Quartz.
@
IIIJHAII‘IA
l.|.\nr|'.n
n.1<;'.
'-
.
-m‘.
._....
.4“
Page 5 of 12

Jinal Sheth:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Jinal Sheth:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Moderator:
Shankar Munian:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Shankar Munian:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Moderator:
Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
|.
\fo
"
Page 6 of 12
And in doing so, where do we believe our edge is? is it a designing or what would
that be according to you?
Obviously the first edge is obviously because of the Brighton Technology that we
use because not many people in the world use this technology for various reasons.
One of course expensive, number two, the capacities are high and also has own
advantage of presentation possibility of products that we make. 80, now there are
other players coming from China, or Chinese machines, there are players who use
Chinese machines, but they are into a different category altogether.
So,
our advantage will be purely because of the experience that we have, the
market that we have created in US for the last 25 years, and also the quality of the
product that we make.
From our past experiences when we got out of CDR and currently the way we are
placed in regard to our debt and obviously we are waiting for the plant to come up,
any learnings from the past experiences that would help you guys tread the next
cycle better, any thoughts on that?
Lots of learning. The learning in this business is on a day to day basis. Every day
we learn something
new.
It is not typically the stone business, but it is
a very
different
and
also
a
very
difficult
business.
So,
honestly speaking
10 years'
experience, in my opinion is no experience still. We have a long way to learn, so
learning is
a continuous process and especially in Quartz,
we learn everything,
every day something new or the other.
So, this process will continue also because the options, the technology keeps
changing, the market taste and demand keeps changing and we have to adopt to
that change as early as possible and be in the forefront before others can do or we
can do better than others can do.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shankar Munian, as an Individual
Investor. Please go ahead.
My question is regarding the capacity utilization for Q1 of the Quartz business?
Historically we have not been giving the exact number for competitive
reasons.
What we can say is that we are operating at an optimum capacity utilization and
very little room is left to expand it further unless we do some sort of CAPEX there.
Okay, so when will be the new plant will be commissioned?
As Mr. Jain just mentioned, that you have to look at about 18 months from today for
the hot and the cold runs to start. So, we are looking at typically calendar year 20
Quarter 1.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vatsav from Rare Enterprises.
Please go ahead.
The Granite business actually makes up more than 40% of our sales. And the
industry definitely seems in a bad shape which is reflective in our results. So, what
are the chances of us losing this business opportunity? And what are we doing to
avoid this circumstance?
I do not think we have to lose this business opportunity but there is no growth
opportunity when you compare to Quartz or other businesses probably. But Granite

Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Vatsav:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Vatsav:
Paras Kumar Jain:
is going to be there, it is going to continue, and it also depends on the new finds,
the quarrying operations because we are a company which is into fully integration
right from quarrying into processing and then marketing.
So, we are trying to maintain the profitability as well as the growth but unfortunately
we do
not
see any additional growth
but
we
are trying
to maintain
the past
performances.
But some quarters, for some reason
or the other there is some
issue and then the growth does not happen. But we hope that this number should
continue without any big problems.
So, what is the Chinese market share in the US market for Granite?
No, fortunately China does not produce much of the Granite, but they produce cut-
to-size at a very low price. So, what happens is they buy raw material from India
and do cut-to-size jobs at a very low price. So, to compete with them it is absolutely
impossible because
I do not know what is the costing systems they have, but it is
impossible to compete with the Chinese in the international market on the price
front.
80, what is your hope over here?
The hope is that the quarrying operations will continue till we have the deposits and
we are exploring
new quarries all the time. We hope that some quarries or the
others can. The colors can catch up with the trend and give a better profitability.
So, how much percent of your exports is to the US market in Granite?
We do about 60% to 70% exports to US.
What level of the rupee are your exports hedged? Or is it hedged?
No, we do not do any hedging.
So, then should you not get the benefit of a weaker rupee to negate some of the
higher elevated RM costs?
It is off setted with our earlier foreign currency loans where we have to account for
._ today's price in the books.
Will there be any maintenance shutdown in the Quartz factory this year?
I
cannot tell
when
the
machine will stop.
There
is
no planned
maintenance
shutdown at least from our side but it is a machine.
Because last year you had indicated that there would be a maintenance shutdown?
Last time we had a plant maintenance shutdown and also there was some bit of
upgrade in the equipment what we were trying to do. So, this year at the moment
we have not planned any plant maintenance because last year we had actually
taken a plant maintenance after almost 8 years of beginning.
So, this year there is nothing planned as such?
As of now we have not planned any maintenance which would have
a larger
impact.
Page 7 of 12

Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Vatsav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Vastav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Moderator:
Shrinath V:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Shrinath V:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Shrinath V:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Shrinath V:
Gautam Chand Jain:
And what is the total debt from Union Bank and the other bank that is due for
changing your loan from lNR to ECB?
We have about Rs. 44 crore.
Total is only Rs. 44 crore? 80, Bank of India holds the majority of this?
Bank of lndia is only Rs. 14 crore; Rs 30 crore is already confirmed for changing.
And what is your total debt?
Rs 44 crore in foreign currency loan, the loan which is term loan is Rs. 44 crore
and
in addition to that in the Quartz business we do have the promoters’ loan
surrounding Rs. 85 crore which we had taken during the repayment phase of the
CDR time.
Thank you. The
next question
is from the
line of Shrinath V from Bellwether
Capital. Please go ahead.
Just wanted to find out what is the progress with IKEA because we have been
hearing that the new store has come online? Are we going to place product in the
new store and if there is an 18-month timeline to the CAPEX, in this 18 months will
we be diverting our export sale to the Indian market?
We have already placed our products in the whole of IKEA Store. We have about
60 to 70 counter tops. And if you happen to come to Hyderabad you will be happy
to see only our products on the counter tops as well
as the vanity tops,
in the
kitchen tops as well as the vanity tops what you call. So, we have already stared
servicing IKEA and
we
are presently servicing from Vizag unit,
till the volume
grows. But we hope that till we do not have our new operational facility we will
continue to serve them from Vizag.
We have already setup an infrastructure for the installation process, so that will be
taken care of by us in the lKEA arrangement, right?
We have already completed about 80 installations.
So, the revenues that we are looking at today includes IKEA sales?
No, it is just done for their new store and some sample and trial stores what they
call
locations.
So,
the actual
customer flow
will
start
now.
We
have already
received some orders from the new store but it will take time to ramp up.
IKEA store opened on 9th August in Hyderabad, so we are just about less than a
week from that.
But we are still going with the commitment and we would kind of divert the capacity
from our US business, because they had pretty strong forecast for their growth?
So,
I just wanted to find out how would you will be able to manage that in the
coming year?
It is the reason that we are ourselves in a hurry to put up the new plant and also
they will also take time to ramp up the operations though there have big projections
for the future. But right now they just opened one store, the second store will open
after about 8 months and the third will open in another after 6 or 8 month after that.
®
I-n r: .«Ilw \
I IN |'r'l:u
inu'. no
_
an...
Page 8 of 12

Shrinath V:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Shrinath V:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Moderator:
L Padmaselvan:
Gautam Chand Jain:
L Padmaselvan:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Wanted to go back to debottlenecking we did about a year back, when we did
maintenance and debottlenecking. After that our revenues have not even gone
back to what they were about two years back. Is there kind of samples or some
kind of revenue that is getting missed out in the topline because of your IKEA tie-
up?
I am not able to tally the fact that our debottleneck capacity which is running at
an optimal utilization is producing a lower topline than the pre debottlenecked plant.
Am
I missing something?
I think I had explained this last time and
I want to explain you again. This plant has
never seen a shutdown for the last 8.5 years, 9 years actually. 80, these are all
machines, we need to do a shutdown. And when we do a shutdown, we also have
to replace some parts of the machine which we think have been worn out. So,
I do
not understand the question that you said that how can the revenue be missing.
No, it will be lesser is what I was saying.
I think please understand
a machine is a machine. And when we are working a
machine also needs some time for replacement and refurbishment like any car or
any vehicle will need. 80, when we try to do refurbishment it means that we have to
service the machine, we have to improve the product mix, we have to improve the
new technology. So, obviously and then what we started making in Quartz in the
beginning is different from what we make today based on the market trends.
And today the trend is very different from what it used to be and what the machine
was used for. So, we have to update ourselves with the trend in the market, trend
with the competitors and to be able to still get the price in the market. So, we do
hope that there will be
a time which will give
us benefit of all this time of the
shutdown and
as well
as the improvement and this
is
an ongoing continuous
process.
Honestly
nobody
can
tell
when
will
the
plant stop,
when
the
machine
can
breakdown, what new technology will be improved, and we need to adopt it. So,
this is the process of any industry I suppose.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshman Padmaselvan from
Wealth Advisors. Please go ahead.
You have been very positive on the demand outlook in US for Quartz business.
I
would like to just understand if there are any new capacities that are being added
by other supplier in other regions of the world to cater to this strong demand in the
US? Are you seeing any incremental supply coming in significantly?
This is also true fact that many competitors are in the same situation as we are in
because the
demand
has
grown
so everybody
will
like
to
add
the capacity,
whoever can afford to add. But this is definitely true, today lot of people especially
with the Breton Stone Technology are adding more capacity gradually but this is
not such an easy thing. It takes time like it takes time for us it takes time for others
but obviously when the business outlook is good people will try to add capacity.
80, is there a risk of us losing market share? That is one. The second part to this
question will be, is there a possibility that this incremental supply could result in
pricing pressure in the US market?
Today everybody
is working
on the assumption that the market will grow and
everybody will increase their shares and that is what everybody works for when we
work. But tomorrow nobody knows whether the market will really shrink again or
@
run ans-Ls
l.l.\‘l'l'l'.ll
mama “
._
........
. . mum.
Page 9 of 12

Moderator:
Aditya Yadav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Aditya Yadav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Aditya Yadav:
Gautam Chand Jain:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Aditya Yadav:
Paras Kumar Jain:
there will be a more escalatory growth for the same product. So, we assume that
the market will grow and accordingly everybody knows what they are doing for
expansion and then they have their own markets to penetrate and sell. 80, we still
hope that the market will remain intact.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Yadav from Transient
Capital. Please go ahead.
Sir, just wanted to get a bit of an idea on last year September you had conveyed
that you had a new collection launch with Quartz, so how has the traction been on
that in the end markets and the realizations and everything how do you
see it
shaping up?
Traction has been good. But only thing is every product in this market takes time. It
has a minimum period that it takes into the market because first we make products
then we make samples and then the samples are distributed, then the product is
made, then the product goes to the market and then by the time it generates the
demand in my opinion it is about 12 months to 15 months till we really start getting
more and more demand for the same product which is built up over the time.
At that time again, some products reduce the market share and we have to replace
those products with new products. So, this is a fashion type of business where it
will
be continuous process bringing
in
new products, testing the markets then
deciding on the future of the market and then continue to innovates the product and
market them.
So, please correct me if
I am wrong idea so the idea
I am getting is the collection
launch you had last year the momentum will start building also in the sampling
process was there and everything so the momentum will start building on from let
us say now or probably 3 or 4 months down the line, am
| reading it correctly?
It is actually started building up but unfortunately, we have capacity constraints and
we cannot give beyond a number to each product to each customer.
Secondly, this raw material part. So, this is for all the players, whether in India or
abroad, all the players have this crude oil linked raw material. 80, is the industry as
a whole not passing on increased costs?
Obviously, yes.
See what happens is, adding to what Mr. Jain said.
In the US the pricing is not
done on slab to slab basis or month to month basis. Generally, the price lists are
prepared once in a year for the consumer or for the trade to happen. Unfortunately,
the buying
trend
is always
on
the
month
to
month
basis
or consignment to
consignment on the raw material side. So, it is not easy that you can pass on the
raw material cost every month or every day. At a particular stage we are able to
pass onto the consumer and by that time the various factors would have also
undergone a change. So, there is an ability to pass on the cost but it takes the time
and it is a level up to which the cost can be passed.
And what is the average inventory of the raw material you maintain in terms of
months or if you can give an idea let us say we try to maintain a 3 or 4 month
inventory in terms of crude oil linked raw materials or something like that?
Basically, all these things you cannot store for a long term because of various
reasons especially if it is crude based raw material thing because the shelf life is
Page 10 of 12

Moderator:
Nikhil Upadhyay:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Nikhil Upadhyay:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Nikhil Upadhyay:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Nikhil Upadhyay:
Paras Kumar Jain:
not really long, if it is not under this thing. So, technically you should assume that
the inventory levels there are negligible.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities
Investments. Please go ahead.
Sir,
in your opening statement you said there is good demand which you
are
seeing even in the domestic markets. So, if you can just highlight whether we are
getting any lead generation from any new real estate projects or anything of that
sort which you were highlighting or if you can just explain a bit on that part?
See when we said a good demand in the domestic market was that one we were
referring to proposed business which we may be getting from our IKEA sources
and also because today because of the constraints in the US market for the supply
our focus
are predominantly diverted towards the export today.
So.
domestic
market while there are opportunities unfortunately we are not able to grab them
fully but whatever opportunities come if we are able to use some of our inventories,
definitely it would be positive there.
Secondly, you mentioned that in the topline so when
we would be contributing
towards the
revenue towards IKEA and we are already running at an optimum
utilization
and the
run
rate of Rs.
50
crore to
Rs. 60 crore.
would this
IKEA
business which would be coming in would be margin dilutive from here on like we
are doing around 30%, 31% EBIT margin. 80, with this IKEA business contributing,
would it be the margin dilute to us or would it be equivalent on the margins?
See we do not believe at the moment that this will be a value decretive business.
That is what we have been holding on from beginning. So, whatever our 30% plus
EBITDA margin what we have been always maintaining
I think this should also be
within that range.
Secondly,
I think the duty which we are talking of in US it is on both Quartz and
Granites and during the discussion you mentioned that in Granite also the Chinese
are selling the products that cut to slab and putting it in US. If you can just help me
understand what would be the pricing difference of our cut to slab in Granite vis-a-
vis Chinese and similarly in Quartz what would be our pricing difference vis-a-vis
Chinese?
See this is
a difficult mathematics to work out and also to comprehend for the
simple
reason that the Granites which
are processed
in China
are of different
patterns and types than what are processed by us because unlike Quartz the same
thing cannot be produced in both the countries. In Quartz since it is engineered
there is relatively higher possibility that white which is made in India can also be
made
in
China.
But
in
Granite
they
all
process
the
materials
which
are
predominantly from their own sources or from sources where the prices are lower.
80, giving a number that if India Granite is one what will be the number on Granite
from China would be difficult. But what you can say is that on a cost perspective on
the value addition which is mostly on the labor and the machine side there you will
see at least 20% to 25% difference coming in.
And on Quartz what will be the pricing difference as of now?
It is because raw material prices were more or less remain same. It is mostly to do
with the investment cost which is made to run the business and the processing
cost. If you look there will be a delta again between 20% to 40% there.
Page11of12
