ARIHANT 
SUPERSTRUCTURES LTD. 
CONTINUING STABILITY 
04th October, 2018 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 506194 	
Symbol: ARIHANTSUP 
Class of Security: Equity 	
Series: EQ 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call: 
Sir /Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached Transcript of Conference Call, 
as hosted by Centrum Broking Limited on Tuesday, 14th August, 2018 at 11.00 A.M. 
to discuss the Financial Result for Quarter ended 30th June, 2018. 
Kindly take the same in your records and inform the Stakeholders accordingly. 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully 
For Arrant Superstructures Limited 
Naval Singh Shekhawat 
Company Secretary 
Enclosed: a/a 
L51c 00MH1983PLCO29643 	
Arihant Aura, B-Wing, 25' Floor, Plot No 13/1, 
TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, 
Turbhe, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400705 
Tel.: 022 6249 3333 Website : www.asl.net.in 
022 6249 3344 Email : info@asl.net.in  

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Arihant Superstructures Limited 
Q1 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. PURVESH SHELATKAR - CENTRUM BROKING 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHOK CHHAJER – CHAIRMAN 
AND 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
- 
ARIHANT 
SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED  
                                                MR. PRADEEP MEHTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
– 
- 
ARIHANT 
SUPERSTRUCTURES 
LIMITED  
                                                MR. UMESH JHAWAR – VP (STRATEGY & 
IR) - – - ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED  
 
 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Arihant Superstructures 
Q1 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Centrum Broking Limited. As 
a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Purvesh Shelatkar. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Purvesh Shelatkar: Thank you very much. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us for the 
Q1 FY2019 results ended on June 30, 2018 Earning Call of Arihant 
Superstructures. On behalf of Arihant Superstructures I welcome you all for the 
call. Please note that the results and presentations have already been uploaded 
on the exchanges and you can view this on the website of Arihant at 
www.asl.net.in. 
 
To take us to the results and to answer your questions today we have Mr. 
Ashok Chhajer, the Chairman and Managing Director of Arihant 
Superstructures and Mr. Pradeep Mehta, CFO for Arihant Superstructures. 
 
We will be starting this call with brief presentation giving an overview on the 
company’s performance followed by question and answer session. I would like 
to remind that everything said on this call that reflects any outlook for the 
future and which can be constituted as a forward-looking statement must be 
viewed in conjunction with uncertainties and the risks that we face. These 
uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what we have mentioned 
in a prospectus filed with SEBI and in subsequent annual reports, which you 
can find on our website. 
 
With that said, I would now turn over to Mr. Pradeep Mehta to take over the 
proceedings. Over to you, Sir! 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Let me run through the highlights of this 
quarter. This quarter, we sold total 120 units, 94 at Mumbai, and 26 at Jodhpur. 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Occupancy certificate received of Arihant Aarohi project during this quarter 
and we have handed over 221 units, total of this revenue extended Rs. 439 
million, which is almost close to the last quarter for FY2018.  
 
EBITDA increased by 67%. The rise is due to impact in changes in revenue 
mix on account of Ind-AS 115 and PAT margins is up by 7% to Rs.40 million 
on year-on-year basis. During the quarter, interest has gone up due to availing a 
loan facility from HDFC for Aspire project mainly and interest on Arshiya and 
Anaika II projects which is first time charged to P&L. 
 
Ind-AS 115 is implemented with effect from April 1, 2018, which replaces 
existing revenue recognition requirement and in accordance with the new 
standards and basis of the company’s contract with the customer, its 
performance obligations are satisfied overtime. So the company has opted to 
apply the modified retrospective approach and in the respect of contract not 
completed as on April 1, 2018. So being the transition date, so hence made 
adjustment to the retained earnings. 
 
On standalone basis due to application of Ind-AS 115 a sum of Rs.604.5 Lakhs 
has been debited to the opening retained earnings and reversal of sales of Rs. 
1521.24 lakhs as well as effect on course of reversal is Rs.916.72 lakhs. Net 
result is Rs.604 lakhs on retained earnings. 
 
On consolidated basis, the company has made adjustments to the retained 
earnings as on April 1, 2018 in accordance with the new standard. Due to this a 
sum of Rs.692.53 lakhs has been debited to the opening retained earnings. This 
is the first quarterly result after implementation of Ind-AS and previous 
quarterly results are kept unchanged therefore not comparable. 
 
Going forward we feel that application of this new standard will provide us 
consistency in number and comparability. Before requesting to Ashok Ji for 
further insight on the business, I would like to add about today’s newspaper 
headlines that Navi Mumbai has ranked in top 3 for ease of living on account of 
governance, health and education, which seems more promising and quotation 
of housing demand in ensuing quarter. Over to you Ashok Ji! 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Welcome to the conference call of the Q1 and here onwards on the Ind-AS 115 
accounting method, the data could be analysed at par with most of the 
companies. So now we open up the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We will start with some of the numbers as told by Mr. Pradeep Ji. The revenue 
recognition method, which has been adopted after the guidelines of or the 
corrections of Ind-AS earlier what the company was adopting was the ICA 
guidelines that 25% of the project cost or phase cost had to be occurred and the 
second threshold was about 25% of the total sales to be done and 10% 
minimum to be received from the sales done. 
 
The new method, which has been adopted by our company, is not on project 
completion method, but is on percentage completion method. The tweaking or 
the new method, which we have adopted, is where the instituted guidelines 
already withdrawn and the sector has not seen any institution guidelines of 
revenue recognition. The internal management had decided that we would go 
on percentage completion and accordance with the RERA guidelines and 
thresholds beside that while the RERA, which is the double letter for the 
housing sector. As per the RERA guidelines, 10% minimum amount has to be 
received for entering into agreement and on the same lines we have adopted the 
method of 10:10 and the first 10 happens to be the project cost has to be 
occurred to the extent of 10% instead of 25% earlier which was there in the last 
year and there is no threshold on number of sales so even out of 500 flats 5 flats 
had been sold out, the 5 flats revenue would be taken into consideration and the 
threshold for the 5 flats to be getting into recognition would be as per RERA 
guidelines that is 10% of the payment should be minimum received. So the 
method of recognition would be in short 10% of the project cost should be 
completed and 10% of the minimum receipt should be received from the flat 
buyers whereon there is a compulsion to enter into an agreement with the flat 
buyer and that consolidates the sales. 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
In this method what we see is that there would not be long gestation period 
which was there in 25:25, whereas in 10:10 method there would be consistency 
on quarter-to-quarter as 10% would be something that they would have 
completed with plinth of the project or with the foundation of the building. So 
coming days, there would be good consistency and due to the restating of the 
accounting and we call it as restating right from the day #1 when the project 
started for the previous years the numbers have been changed where we have to 
do a reverse of sale entry on April 1, and then had been add on to it. So the 
turnover, which appears to be Rs.439 million, but in reality Rs.150 million is 
the reversal of earlier revenue. So the actual quarter revenue would be 439 
minus 150, that is 289. So vis-à-vis if we are comparing the numbers it would 
be 289 versus whatever the margins we have been received though Q1 to Q1 
and year-on-year would not be comparable due to the change in the Ind-AS 
system. The Q2 would be the year from where onwards the results could be 
compared from Q2 to Q3, Q2 to Q4 across the sector in the industry because 
that is where after all the restating of accounts would find out the real numbers, 
which would be affecting. Over to the floor! Questions are welcome. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities Investment 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Good morning Mr. Ashok. Just wanted to get some sense of how do you see 
demand on the ground post, what has happened in the industry in terms of 
RERA, GST and lot of things, so particularly micro markets like Jodhpur and 
some of micro markets in Navi Mumbai so are you seeing any demand coming 
back and we are hearing that a lot of sales that are taking place are mostly 
secondary sales in the sense resale value and primary sales are actually still 
struggling to kind of take off so if you could share your thoughts on that? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Very true Mr. Ravi that due to the GST it apparently appears that there is a 
burden of large GST amount of 12% to the sale price, which is pushing back 
the customers to wait for the ready for possession property to come across so 
the secondary market including the ready possession property wherever the 
projects have received occupancy completion certificate and ready for use are 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 6 of 16 
seeing a good traction and registered to the market rate it appears what we have 
sensed and tested by putting up Navi Mumbai pricing right from April, May, 
June on each month we increase the prices by Rs. 25 to 30 per square feet in 
and around of 2% to the sales price of an average sales price. We have found 
that rate is not being rejected and Rs.30 per square feet on monthly basis that 
means around Rs. 100 is absorbed and welcomed. That tells that the market 
very clear knows that there is nothing more to the bottom than this and with the 
available deals and new marketing strategy there are good sales. Yes real estate 
here onwards after the three things coming up it would not be the real, real 
estate sales which used to happen when it was only an asset class, but now it 
has to be looked more like a FMCG good, where the marketing strategies and 
policies would have to be very innovative, very welcoming, we have already 
launched a the new program of Dil Dhadakne Wale sales where events have 
been carried out. The planner for the sales already has around two to three 
events in a month across the peers, taking that into different projects, so 
demand is there for the ready possession property which is more in our Arihant 
sales because we are into affordable housing. The applicable GST is dropped 
down due to the regulation after January 20, 2018 from 12% to 8%. Leaving 
apart one project that is Arihant Alishan the rest all projects we charge the 
customer 8% so that is a benefit to the customer to buying up in the affordable 
housing segment where 4% of GST is lesser than the normal flats. 
Ravi Purohit: 
How is that defined as what flats will attract lower GST? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Lower GST is for projects, which are 60 square metres, and below, and it falls 
into the category of infrastructure policy, which was notified earlier. 
Ravi Purohit: 
So this under PMAY scheme is it? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It is not necessary to be a PMAY scheme. PMAY scheme is not for the 
developer, but is for the end users more and it is very simple that the flat size 
has to be 60 square metres and below, there is no certification required and the 
project has to cater 90% of the design is below 60 square metres and FSI 50% 
has to be consumed below 60 square metres so that forms into the infra status. 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Ravi Purohit: 
So 60 square metres would be what 600 square feet carpet? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
600 square feet with carpet area so that includes the wall also. 
Ravi Purohit: 
So are there any schemes which the Government of India is running for 
developers per se because there are certain areas where the government is 
saying that the project will be tax free for the developer or there any additional 
benefits like for example in CLSS it is the buyer which gets Rs. 2.5 Lakhs per 
annum for the first time buyer. Are there schemes, which are there for 
developers? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes it is already in the air where under section 80-IB of direct taxes the project, 
which has received approval after June 2016 and before March 30, 2019, would 
be eligible to it with some different criteria. 80IB scheme where there is no tax, 
there is complete tax exemption on all the earnings except the MAT which 
would be a part of the cash flow. 
Ravi Purohit: 
But there is no scheme which says that every flat that you develop and 
handover to LIG or MIG as a developer you will get like Rs. 2 lakhs per flat or 
2.5 lakhs that is only for the CLSS for the buyer not for the developer. 
Developer has only one scheme which this 80 IB only if you make affordable 
housing? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. Any colour on the Jodhpur micromarket how is that and we had one 
premium project which we were not kind of liquidate in the past so any traction 
there, any pricing changes that we have made there? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
For pricing, we have kept the pricing same. The velocity is in for that premium 
project is at a defined pace where around one to two flats go on for every 
month and now we have around 30 to 35 units in hand. So I think we should 
have some event running otherwise it would take us 12 months more to 
complete the sales of Arihant Ayati Jodhpur Project. Jodhpur we can call it as a 
two tier city but it has a good population of 20 Lakhs plus that is equivalent or 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 8 of 16 
somewhere lower than Navi Mumbai. So it is an educational hub, it is an 
industrial hub, there is good velocity yet the time taken by the buyer is good 
enough so we see it is a potential market. 
Ravi Purohit: 
So in the presentation we mentioned about new land acquired so can you just 
throw some light as to what exactly do we have in mind. What is this micro 
market we are looking at? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We acquired... 
Ravi Purohit: 
Palaspe, Panvel I think. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
So that is a premium area where we have the flagship project of 3 million 
square feet Arihant Aspire and which is 42 storey building it is something 
around 4.5 to 5 km from the airport so adjoining to it not contiguous s line but 
we have taken up the 7-acre of land and it has come up with a very good price 
of Rs. 20 Crores for 7 acres around, less than Rs. 3 Crores an acre, which 
means the total topline maybe something around Rs.300 Crores and it could 
fetch an EBITDA of 30 to 35%. 
Ravi Purohit: 
So this will give about 7 lakhs square feet? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It should be around 6 lakhs square feet. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay, great, thanks, all the best, I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Shah, individual investor 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Shah: 
Good morning. Actually I wanted to ask going by one of the slides you have 
put up on presentation, there seems to be lot of developments internally so 
could you explain me in detail the rationale behind this? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
In the presentation? 
Shahil Shah: 
Yes, business development highlights. 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Can you guide me to the page number. Development, we have already put up 
our efforts in terms of internal development where CXO level people have been 
recruited for the management and implementation of the projects, so good there 
are experienced people right from the whole real estate sector core. So CSO 
Sarabjeet Kukreja was India had top for retail flat sales, Chief Project Officer, 
Sameet Dar, again a stalwart big name in engineering across Mumbai for that 
state builders etc., and an experience of almost 50 years plus and Jitendra 
Mehta, Chartered Accountant as well as LLB looking after operations. So there 
is big, big level of recruitment happening and which would result in to 
strengthening the organisation and would also give up a dedicated view to the 
company. 
 
In terms of corporate governance, we have appointed KPMG as our internal 
auditor from April 1, 2018 and we have shifted up to a large office space of 
about 24000 square feet and this can enable us for expansion of work spaces, 
which were not there earlier. So borrowings also, the company had been able to 
get a facility of Rs.250 Crores from HDFC Limited for five years for 
construction finance and end user restriction with a cost of 10.7% per annum. 
Though this line of credit would help up the flagship project to go smoothly 
across the lifecycle of the project. 
Sahil Shah: 
I like to ask another question, see it is very difficult for the real estate industry 
so in general can you please share your thoughts how you been tackling this 
and sales growth, there is lot of projects at various stages, hence it is very 
evened out, right? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Real estate per se with the earlier method had a longer gestation period due to 
25:25 which think would get reduced to a larger extent with the 10:10 method, 
which we have adopted. Yes real estate cannot be viewed and judged on 
quarterly basis. I would say the best thing would be an average of last two years 
should be looked at, which should be taken forward. Keep an eye on the 
engineering spent as well as the new unit sales. So that can tell up how on 
quarter to quarter basis goes through, though it is a seasonal business. So the 
first quarter always in Mumbai where people are out of station for vacation, 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 10 of 16 
etc., is not a season where we would see large sales. We would be able to cope 
in the next festive seasons, coming Q2, Q3 and with the new team building up 
and recruitment almost 30 to 35 in addition to the 50 available and total force 
of 75 to 80 people in Mumbai and around 20 to 25 in Jodhpur, good numbers in 
terms of new sales. 
Sahil Shah: 
Thank you, I will come back again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take followup question from the line of Ravi Purohit from 
Securities Investment Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Thanks for taking my question again. This regarding couple of days back DLF 
had reported their numbers and in the quarterly presentation they made an 
interesting remark saying hereafter they will actually sell flats only once they 
have completed them. They will not sell under-construction flats. It is like 
manufacturing company who build raw material into finished product and then 
actually goes out and sells the finished product. Your thoughts on that? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It is an outcome of the environment wherein if you take a cost and product, 
which is Rs.10,000 per square feet and 12% to, it makes Rs.1200 per square 
feet of GST. The customers are not willing to pay Rs.1200 which is substantial 
so automatically people have to go for higher range of product on the part of 
completion of the project and with RERA also coming in to force and 
utilisation of funds have been restricted. Each individual project will require a 
funding for the project to be completed either by internal resources or external 
resources. For the products which are around Rs.4000 per square feet where 8% 
GST makes Rs.320 here is where the customer does not look into it that GST is 
going to be a very major impact as this much is price rise which he also pays 
during the ready possession. So if we talk about India’s  Build and Sell method 
because that would see there is less cash flow in there and with the market 
interest rates as well as the finance cost across in the country continues to be 
high and till the finance cost for the real estate sector does not goes to one digit, 
I do not think the build and sell method practices would be workable leaving 
apart some of the biggest one of DLFC, respect them in that case, we 
acknowledge it, but majorly it is always sell and build. 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Ravi Purohit: 
Thank you. That is useful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kalpesh Parekh from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Good afternoon Sir. A couple of questions, one on GST, basically are you 
although able to pass on the complete GST rate or how is the scene for the 
industry and for yourself? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We have given up the input credit to the earlier clients were booked at the older 
regime before GST where they paid up a price which was inclusive of input 
credit and for the new launches we do not have a method parking of our GST as 
we come with a correct price where there is no old regiment in force so 
working is done for the new project with a straight calculation of 8% GST and 
for the older sales which had happened in the earlier projects the input credit 
was already given. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
So then if that is factored into your price then there should not be any big 
impact right in terms of volumes and all the things because we reduce prices 
accordingly? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
All the factor in our prices accordingly then there should not be any such 
impact because of GST because you had mentioned in the earlier sense? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
No it is not connected subject when we talked about input credits being given 
or not and sales being happening around, both are separate subjects which 
come into the businesses. In operations both are different subject, if the sales 
happen or not it is completely different. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
My question is more on the pricing front due you factor in, like in your pricing? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Either we have given up input credit in the business as rebate or else we are 
factored into pricing. 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Because we see lot of advertisements on that front only that price includes GST 
so is that like even we follow that way, whatever price we say. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We have different projects, 16 projects, so all projects have different behaviour. 
We run different schemes where there are many times offerings of either in the 
method of standard key registration, sometimes GST, different offerings. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Last year slightly we had tone down targets as such of something like 10000 
homes whatever we had said for so like what is the target we are setting for this 
year and how we are planning to go about? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We did not set our 10000 homes as a target for the one-year. It is the total size 
of the homes where the companies is constructing across the 16 projects spread 
for the next 6 years planned out which may spread out for a year or two over 
and above with that marketing strategies being adopted due to sales and 
demand and supply or the external environment so in terms of year-on-year, I 
think the last year we did up number of sales with good growth of 925 flats vis-
à-vis year end 2017, and year end at 2019 we have plans to cross the 925 target. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
If I am seeing project by project how has been the progress as such, any project 
which is coming at very final stage and where we will start seeing revenue 
recognition? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
As you see that we have always been telling that across the projects, we have a 
pipeline where from end to end we have consistency that throughout company 
there is some projects which is either at the completion stage or something 
which is nearing completion, some of the projects at structure phase completed, 
some had just started, some were designed and some at land stages. So today 
also that consistently can be viewed by a) new buying of land, b) new project 
base launched, c) this quarter also Arihant Aarohi project getting into OC being 
received on completion where possession has been granted. So I think on year-
on-year basis we would not find at Arihant that there is no projects, which have 
not reached completion, there would not be any year where there would be no 
new project launched, there would not be any year where there would be no 
business development in terms of acquisition of lands or new projects being 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 13 of 16 
taken across in JV or BM model. As  business development stands today, I 
segregate it into three portions, a)  Land purchased projects, b) joint 
development that is JV projects, c) development fee-based projects or BM 
Model. We would be able to give good announcements in this financial year 
once we entered up into agreements, which we have zeroed down on all the 
projects, which we have identified. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
In terms of project wise, like can we expect more recognition coming in from 
Arshiya, Adita, Ayati and Arihant Amisha as such? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Because all these three projects have completed and there is less expenditure 
being balanced to do so the larger the amount of sales we do there would be 
larger revenue recognition. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Hence from the forthcoming quarters with the new Ind-AS we will be able to 
make a comparison between quarter wise, but Sir will it not be possible for you 
to give the last year comparable based on the new Ind-As? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It should not now be done with any of the real estate companies with respect to 
Ind-As 115 coming in because after the restating of the accounts right from 
retrospective effect the comparisons would not be relevant so Q1 also is already 
a restated account for across all the companies of real estate hence Q2 onwards 
which would be comparable, so Q2 should be compared with Q3 and further 
thereon. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Q2 should be compared with Q3 or Q2? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
As in this quarter everything has become restated. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Right then Q2 we will compare with Q1 right? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Already Q1 is restated. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Restated? 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It would not be that much relevant in terms of comparison. But revenue what is 
coming that is right. PAT and PBT margins, which are coming, that has to be 
reversed for the retrospective effect as per Ind-AS then only after Q2 and Q3 
you can make a comparison. That is the right way. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
For a quarter-on-quarter if I am comparing should I compare sequential basis as 
well or how it will be? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It should be after Q2 you can compared it with Q3 and thereon with Q3 to Q4 
and there on, but Q1 to Q1 of the previous year or Q2 to Q2 of previous year, 
differs because the last year of Q1 was 25:25 and this is 10:10 method. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Sahil Shah 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Shah: 
Sir in your experience over a year has there been any changes that you need to 
do in your marketing or sales strategies to attract customers and boost sales? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Largely, our bargaining strategies many times always on a monthly basis on 
project to project. We have adapted and we are doing innovative marketing 
events, which help us gain the traction. As told that it should not be now 
enhancing forward viewed as real, real estate sale, it is not like property sale 
now, it will be a sale like consumer good. We will find a different, different 
world in the coming years and sea change in approach by the buyer as well as 
offerings. Before now when there is good sales in real estate, and if you are 
reducing it means is there is something wrong, but now it is not like this, now it 
is like that it is according to the product, if there is sale written then the person 
will go and purchase the product. 
Sahil Shah: 
Can you elaborate this in detail? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
People will come with attraction towards offerings because there are many 
different schemes ready possession also, forward subventions are there, that 
people do not pay interest for the, so financial modelling has become a big 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 15 of 16 
thought in terms of real estate sales which was not earlier, earlier it was on cash 
method, like if you should pay in cash then we will give you housing loan, now 
it is not like that now it is like right if you have this much money then I can do 
a particular financial modelling and give you a housing loan product or I can do 
type of banking where I can give you forward subvention scheme or I can give 
you backward subvention scheme or rentals scheme. So financial modelling is 
becoming more important in the coming days to define and project product sale 
of that particular event or the quarter, but it has been good as you would have 
heard that Wadhwa did up a nice sale in Panvel to an extent of 600 flats, there 
are numbers in the air, but 600 is what I found it was right, 600 flats all going 
off in two months across Panvel that tells that it is the top hot resident 
destination going forward and we have the major stake all in and around 
Panvel. 
Sahil Shah: 
Okay, meaning we are planning to do this in future right or it has already 
happened? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We are already there, our Dil Dhadakane Wala scheme is already in air, you 
can visit the exhibition, which is ongoing. 
Sahil Shah: 
Okay, it is a small event? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It is not going to give you numbers like 600 because it is a 10-day event and 
smaller event with a lesser expenditure but I think we would be able to get vis-
à-vis good numbers.  
Sahil Shah: 
Okay, no problem Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, as there are no further questions from the 
participants I now hand the conference over to Centrum Broking team for 
closing comments. Thank you and over to you! 
Purvesh Shelatkar: On behalf of Centrum Broking Limited that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you all for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. 

 
 
           
Arihant Superstructures 
 
 
August 14, 2018 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Centrum Broking 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
