CONTINUING STABILITY 
ARIHANT 
SUPERSTRUCTURES LTD. 
CONTINUING STABILITY 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kuria Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Website : www.asl.net.in 
Email 	
: info@asl.net.in 
L51900MH1983PLCO29643 	
Arihant Aura, B-Wing, 25' Floor, Plot No 13/1, 
TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, 	Tel.: 022 6249 3333 
Turbhe, Novi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400705 	022 6249 3344 
20th November, 2018 
Scrip Code: 506194 	
Symbol: ARIHANTSUP 
Class of Security: Equity 	
Series: EQ 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call: 
Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached Transcript of Conference Call, organized on 
Monday, 05th November, 2018 at 04.00 P.M. by the Company to discuss the Unaudited 
Financial Result for the Quarter/Half Year ended 30th September, 2018. 
Kindly take the same in your records and inform the Stakeholders accordingly. 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully 
For Arihant Superstructures Limited 
ovind Rao 
Company Secreta  
	
Enclosed: a/a 

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Arihant Superstructures Limited Q2 FY-19 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK CHHAJER – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. PRADEEP MEHTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 
 
MR. UMESH JHAWAR – VICE PRESIDENT (STRATEGY 
& INVESTOR RELATIONS), ARIHANT 
SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Good Day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 FY19 Earnings Conference Call of 
Arihant Superstructures Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Umesh Jhawar – VP (Strategy and Investor Relations). 
Thank you and over to you, sir!  
Umesh Jhawar:  
Thanks Margaret. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us for the Q2 FY19 Results 
ended on 30th September 2018 earnings call for Arihant Superstructures. I am Umesh Jhawar 
and I take care of Strategy and Investor Relations at Arihant Superstructures Limited.  
Please note that the results and presentations have been uploaded on the exchanges and has 
been also uploaded on the website. To take us through the results and to answer your 
Questions today, we have Mr. Ashok Chhajer – Chairman and Managing Director of Arihant 
Superstructures Limited and Mr. Pradeep Mehta – Chief Financial Officer.  
We will be starting this call with a brief presentation giving an Overview of the Companies 
performance followed by Q&A Session. I would like to remind that everything said on this call 
that reflects any outlook for the future and which can be constituted as a forward-looking 
statement must be viewed in conjunction with uncertainties and the risks that we face. These 
uncertainties and risks are included, but are not limited what we mentioned in a prospectus 
filed with SEBI and in subsequent annual reports you can find on our website.  
With that said, I would now turn the call over to Mr. Pradeep Mehta. Over to you, sir!  
Pradeep Mehta: 
Thank you Umesh ji. Ladies and Gentlemen Good Afternoon.  
 
A quick overview of the company as follows; 
 
We are happy to share with you that in the September quarter ASL has entered into a new 
revenue stream for the business based on Asset Light Model. It executed the development 
management agreement for 3Anaika project and sold 130 units with new revenue line which is 
value addition to our company in the future. In this quarter our company has booked 249 flats 
in total at Navi Mumbai and Jodhpur which constituted around 2,14,649 sq ft and in terms of 
value Rs. 87.5 crores. So for this financial year total booking has reached to 354 units at Rs. 
138 crores as on 30th September. If you look geographical then at Navi Mumbai total of 215 
units were sold having booking value of Rs. 75.7 crores and at Jodhpur total 34 units sold in 
this quarter having book value of Rs. 11.8 crores. 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
On consolidated financial of ASL; if we compare Quarter 2 of 2019 performance with Quarter 
2 of 2018 performance then the total income increased by 12% to Rs. 50 crores from Rs. 45 
crores. EBITDA increased by 10% to Rs. 10 crores from Rs. 9.1 crores, EBITDA margin 
slightly reduced to 19.8% as against 20% on YOY basis. Net profit stood at 2.1 crores as 
compared to Rs. 3.2 crores. This reduction is due to interest on the increased loans. Further as 
we compare H1 of 2019 performance with H1 of 2018 then the total income decreased by 
8.8% to Rs. 94 crores from Rs. 103 crores. The EBITDA increased by 26% to Rs. 25.3 crores 
from Rs. 20 crores. EBITDA margin has increased to 26.9% as against 19.4% on comparing 
half yearly results. Net profit stood at Rs. 5.3 crores as compared to Rs. 6.5 crores. This 
reduction is due to interest on increased borrowing. 
 
Other initiatives taken by our company for this quarter are in spite of turmoil like situation in 
the financial market due to NBFC liquidity crunch we are able to avail disbursement of loans 
of 70 crores which took place on 10th and 19th October. We reviewed the status of home loans 
taken by the customers and adequate refinancing initiatives are taken, monitored, and look for 
possibility if there is any housing loan which needs to be addressed so it shall not impact cash 
flows to the company. We have done some financial structuring also to reduce interest burden 
on Arshiya project and saved 250 basis points during the quarter.  
With these updates I request our CMD, Ashok ji to give more insight. Over to you Ashok sir. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Good afternoon everybody. Welcome to the conference call. All as told by the CFO and 
addition to it the Company has received an approval for one small project for Arihant Amber 
which would be an 80IB project within small size but that would add on to the total figures in 
the coming days. Even the market perspective July often happens to be more of the rainy 
season so  the busy season has just started off and we see September saw a good spurt in sales. 
So with this the platform is open for Q&A and we welcome all the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Purohit: 
How is the situation at the ground level, we are kind of hearing lot of things and reading lot of 
things in the newspaper that companies like India Bulls and DHFL have reduced their home 
loan sanctioning or stopped home loan sanctioning so can you just share your experience at 
your end whether your customers are able to get home loan financing from these people. You 
could always get it from PSU banks or HDFC or Life but just wanted to understand what is 
happening with the NBFC guys. And secondly is there a slowdown in clearances in 
Maharashtra, Mumbai particularly in terms of project differences? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes Mr. Ravi truly the NBFCs three of them who are to get their CPs correct and exchanged in 
time have stopped the housing finance loans disbursement though at our end the total market 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
share by these NBFCs home loans was to an extent of 10% to 12% only and the leading banks 
have yet not stopped disbursement. The consolidation in NBFC may lead to the leading banks 
having great market share ahead and with respect to individual or the corporate loans total of 
the market had put up a pause note. In spite of that at Arihant we could get up disbursements as 
well as new loans sanctioned from ICICI ventures and Piramals where these funds are utilized 
to repay the old loans so that the interest rate could come down from 15.5% to 12% and we see 
the home loan market would hit to an extent with slowdown in the next two quarters and 
maybe it would be spring back from the first quarter of the next financial year. With respect to 
approvals the new DCR of Mumbai has been published. It would take up 1 to 3 months to get 
it smoothened up and that’s why the majority projects in the Mumbai were either stalled, 
stopped and would requiring revaluation as well as new project reports. Our company had not 
been into it. We are on the Navi Mumbai side and we have received occupancy certificates 
also in the October for two of the projects partly and new projects approvals also. Navi 
Mumbai side the approvals are not totally stalled. Over and above yes maybe some offices are 
in the same old mode of 10 years back but majority of them are happening. 
Ravi Purohit: 
That's a very Mumbai specific problem. There is no problem in Navi Mumbai per se. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes there is no problem in Navi Mumbai. 
Ravi Purohit: 
You also confirm that some of these NBFCs have kind of stopped sanctioning loans? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Second question was on the Jodhpur market. I think the last couple of months there has been 
progress announced by HPCL on the Barmer Refinery so what is your sense on the ground? 
Has worked started there or is it still kind of paperwork that is going on because that I believe 
should be major driver for demand in your geography? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes our all the projects on the refinery road so it is the most nearest to any development of 
Jodhpur which is catering to the Hindustan Petroleum Refinery. The work has started on the 
ground. Around 400 crores have been already disbursed for the contracts which were started 
off and in addition to that also the Cairn Energy is already started with new exploration 
propositions where it is found that around 6 to 7 more are already located where they would  
drill the wells where the oil will be available. So it would boost up the total economy of the 
Jodhpur city as it would now become more cosmopolitan. There are institutions education etc 
which are coming which would see a complete mix of people from across the India. 
Ravi Purohit: 
How do you say demand scenario there, competitive scenario post RERA implementation? 
RERA implementation has been done properly in Rajasthan, the regulator wise and in terms of 
approval wise as and all those things? 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes they have done it up completely in their own fashion where they know that some of the 
small town planning officers are not adequate enough so they have formed a panel of 
architects; they are registered at the state level who can give an occupancy certificate also. 
With respect to the demand and supply there is a good demand for products which are below 
25 lakhs largely and then fairly good demand between 25 to 50 lakhs. So the city is seeing a 
change. Undoubtedly the market is slow over there. It seems that after refinery it is picking up. 
In our project at Arihant Adita which is on the same line and catering to these people, around 
350 people are residing out of 500 who have taken a possession and around 150 more are in 
the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tirath Muchalla from Elusividya Advisory. Please go 
ahead. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
One question on our talk of almost ready to move inventory like Arshia, Aarohi and Amisha. 
So we have a few units which are still lying with us, correct? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
Just in terms of cash flow does it make sense to accelerate sale so that the company’s cash flow 
becomes better or do we plan to hold onto these flats? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
No, for the ready inventory which is there in hand where today ready inventory sales are little 
better than under construction. Around 325 flats are with ready inventory across Mumbai and 
Jodhpur and Mumbai having 150 and Jodhpur having 175. The marketing plans have already 
been taken across to dispose of the complete ready inventory so that the cash flows versus the 
loans taken can be reduced to a large extent. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
Do we have any kind of a tentative timeline like this is the plan like 18 months, 24 months to 
sell off by? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
If everything goes in place I think it should be around 6 to 9 months and little extended by 12 
months. But that would always as earlier also told that new projects will come into occupancy 
mode and the old and ready inventory will get sold out and the new ready inventory will 
always keep on popping up. So the ready inventory change would mean that the projects are 
getting into completion and the implementation of projects are taking place to the end of the 
mile stone. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
One more question is on Aspire, in terms of the lifecycle of this project with the construction 
and the cash flows and all that I was wondering do we plan to open up more flats for sale or 
are we okay for now? So that is one. And the other is that we have a sanction from HDFC for 
250 crores of construction finance if that's correct so do we plan to need more money to 
finance this project or will this be enough? 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We will add the two buildings which are already launched and which are under construction 
are having 680 flats out of which almost 47%-48% of the inventory is sold. And infrastructure 
work as well as the MMRDA rental housing project component is also under construction. The 
HDFC construction finance facility of 250 crs is quite sufficient enough to roll over from 
phase to phase and we don't see that anymore line of credit would be taken up and we will 
moderate our business plan accordingly such that the cycle of sales versus cash flow in and the 
construction finance getting back to the lenders would be in a synchronized manner. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
Just for the number of flights I think you mentioned 650 flats but as the Aspire 1 is 1080 flats, 
so is there something wrong in my understanding? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Totals the buildings have been registered at RERA, out of which two buildings have been 
opened for sale. Each building is something around 325 flats so you find out one building 
Carmen which is not open for sale where construction is not happening.  
Tirath Muchalla: 
In the MMR region for construction do we have any form of delays because I think in the 
quarter there was a week of delay because of complete ban on construction but is that a 
problem at all now? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
That is always there. Today also there is a shortage of sand so it's a normal phenomenon across 
the year that there would be such events happening and we will have to cope up with the time 
which turn in hand to scale up the construction. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
This Arihant 3 Anaika project and Arihand Ambar, could you share some more details in terms 
of how much a capital is required to fund these projects, how did we get these projects? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Arihant Amber is in 2500 sq. meters of land which is fully paid up by the company and the 
approvals are in place and others to the 80 IB specifications and a small size of project we will 
be able to take off that is 66 flats on sale. 3 Anaika is around 266 flats where we have entered 
into development management model which is an asset light model where the company is not 
liable for contracts, also is not liable for RERA and end consumer, is not liable for cash flows, 
is not liable for land payments etc. on the development management project where the leading 
developers also do on the same line we have started it off and till today as on date out of 266 
flats we have sold around 195 flats. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
Do we have 100% economic interest in 3 Anaika or are we sharing it with somebody else? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It’s a development management model, maybe any company doing Godrej or anybody else 
also. It is a fee based model with no risk towards profit and loss and that is how the revenues 
are secured. And for Arihant Ambar it is in the subsidiary Arihant Vatika where economic 
interest of the holding company is 60%. 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Tirath Muchalla: 
And in the MMR region because two quarters ago we did a 7 acre land purchase near Aspire so 
are we seeing more opportunities for growth coming up? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The whole of the developer sections are propelling into this zone of Panvel and around which 
is the hot-spot of property today also and given the registration records we see that the Panvel 
itself is around 60,000 flats registration in this calendar year. So we see more opportunities, 
yes and the growth is going to be here for many reasons of infrastructure as well as 
employment as earlier also narrated to the investor sector. We see that it’s going to be a 
smooth run for the next one decade and more. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
In case we do take a project do you think financing will be a problem for us at all or it’s okay? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Our main aim would be from internal accruals or going into an asset light model. But given all 
the three portions that is joint venture, development management and outright sale we will give 
less preference to joint ventures, we are more for development management or for outright 
purchases. And I think given the financials in an outright model with good cash-flows, we will 
stick to that. We will not raise debt for the sake of taking up new projects. Yes there are 
proposals at the land stage where the parties are coming for contributing in the equity form and 
the real equity form and not in a structured form at the company. So we see a window over 
there also.  
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Tirath Muchalla from Elusividya Advisory. 
Please go ahead. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
In terms of our annual planned for cash flows I find it a little confusing which is why I'm 
asking. In internal projections for internal plans for the company do you have any target 
number of these many flats need to be sold or this is the amount of cash flows we need from 
past sales and for future sales, any particular number in crores? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes all the MIS as well as the targets and the planner for the whole year is already made at the 
first of the month of every calendar year and presented to the board also. So there is a planner. 
Yes it is subject to many actions, factors as well as internal factors. The targets which we have 
this year around seeing change the scenario right from here if we have some revision of plans. 
We would be able to touch across the last year's number also in terms of flats sales and the 
total sale value. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
And in terms of our safety for the business model even if we touch last year's number we 
should be okay? We don't need to be aggressive or anything? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We are already aggressive but the response from the market has to be on the same acceptance 
levels. If we talk about the last year's number would be okay in terms of new sales and the 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
value of sales and the answer is no. We will need to have at least 10% to 15% or 20% up in the 
last numbers and that would be more healthy numbers for the company. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
In last quarter you shared a lot of details about how our management team is increasing. It 
would be nice if you could share some more details on how the company is changing and what 
kind of things that we are acquiring in order to grow. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
New recruits are already in process and the HR is fully occupied for the new recruits. And the 
good training programs are being conducted as well as scholarship programs. Given the size of 
the total projects in hand we need to have an increase in the employment also to a CAGR of 
20%. The space required or the infrastructure required or the office space required for them 
already exists and we have around 22,000 sq ft of office space which can attract talent and 
there can be an environment to work across. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
I had another question, apart from these projects do we hold any other planned in the 
company? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes there are lands; there are redevelopment projects which are crossing some of the levels of 
approvals also. If we see the total projects which are not started off so there is quite good 
handsome number of around 15%-20% of the total size of construction which is going on 
which would add on to the size as new projects. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Lodhiya from Systematix Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Lodhiya: 
My question is more towards debt how we see that it going ahead and how will repay it or 
what would be the level as debt to equity stands maybe the highest level in the industry? 
Pradeep Mehta: 
The debt last financial year we were able to reduce the secured debt though the total debt 
remains same and this year the debt would increase till the end of the year. But that is what is 
required to get the projects into motion. Good thing is that we are getting projects to the end 
stage like Arihant Anshula, Arihant Anaika have got occupancy certificates in the month of 
October and similarly 2 or 3 projects coming up. So new projects launching and the old 
projects getting completed will require finance maybe in any form and today in the form of 
debt it is possible which we are already going ahead. 
Abhishek Lodhiya: 
Which means you would be comfortable to this kind of debt levels because upwards of 2 is too 
high? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The management has a particular ratio of limiting the debt so it won't be debt to such an extent 
that the projects in hand, the cash flows the ready inventory there is a mismatch. Yes we have 
been successful in getting the rate of interest reduced in the first five months which little 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
propped up in the third quarter so there is a change in the rate of interest from the NBFCs as 
well as the lenders and bankers where around 1% to 1.5% there has been increase seeing the 
market scenario, still we have been able to keep down net of net. We have been able to get the 
rate of interest reduced starting from the financial year 18-19. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rushikesh Kantamani, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rushikesh Kantamani: 
Can you please comment on the level of EBITDA margins? Can we sustain these current 
margins and if you can give any guidance for the revenue growth going ahead for next 2 to 3 
years? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Long-term yes I'm really happy to see that we are looking for about 2 to 3 years and it looks 
very much promising. The day ratios will change. It again depends upon how fast we are able 
to get the re-inventory off or how we are able to increase the total sales and the collections. So 
yes, when we compare it to any other developer we are in a very good sweet spot and 
relatively the sales as well as the positioning of the company is at a first level position in Navi 
Mumbai and Jodhpur also which can be witnessed whenever there are common sales platform 
like Square Yards etc. just finishing up their event the last night. 
Rushikesh Kantamani: 
The only problem I am fearful is debt levels which the company’s debt to equity ratio is about 
2. So the only problem I'm seeing it is currently the debt level only, rest I'm comfortable. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Something to put light on it; the secured debt today stands at around 50% of the total debt 
which you see and the unsecured debt is at an 50% level. So cash level to the company is 
relatively very less as the secured debt is almost 50% of the total debt where it is answerable to 
be paid interest on the every month basis etc. So comfortable position but if we do good action 
plans in terms of implementation of the project the company can take up nice position in the 
MMR region, more to better than whatever we are today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up from the line of Tirath Muchalla from Elusividya Advisory. 
Please go ahead. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
I think a few quarters ago you had mentioned that we might raise some external capital or 
some partnership to grow the business, is that plans still in the work, are you talking to 
anybody? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We are not talking to anybody. We are open to it as we told that at the land stage level also 
there are proposals to come and invest as a real equity not as a structured role. But we are 
waiting for the right opportunity. 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
November 05, 2018 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Tirath Muchalla: 
So the correct opportunity would be in terms of projects being available or what do you mean 
by that? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Project, correct location of the project, the feasibility of the projects where we can see that the 
cycle can be completed fast. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
Speaking on that topic the new construction technologies that are being used, are we seeing an 
increase in the speed as such we finish construction nowadays compared to 4-5 years ago? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Any new technology and any speed of construction means that there needs to be enough cash 
flow or capital and even the capital or the cash flows are not there then the new technology is 
an extra burden to the project. And we still adopt to all which is called Mivan to Tabla as well 
as conventional and innovation in value engineering as well as human safety. So what we talk 
about that on the technology can lead to a successful project where the margins are higher, it is 
not true and depends upon case to case. 
Tirath Muchalla: 
On these kind of 80 IB project are you still guiding for the same margins that you said earlier, 
at 25% to 30% EBITDA? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes margins would be to and extent of 25% EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Umesh Jhawar for closing comments. 
Umesh Jhawar: 
Thanks Margaret. I thank everybody to be on the con call for the Q2 Earnings Presentation. 
Thank you so much. Please keep us connected for the next con-call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Superstructures Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
