3SE 
EXPERIENCE THE NEW 
Date: November 15, 2018 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: BSE 	
ISIN: INE118H01025 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on November 2, 2018 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
With reference to our letter dated October 31, 2018, intimating you about the conference call 
with Analyst/Investor held on November 2, 2018, please find attached the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call. 
This is for your information and record. 
For BSE Limited 
rsY 
Prajakta Powle 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: a/a 
   
(- t 	
. 
. 	
BSE Limited (Formerly Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.) 
)1 	
, Registered Office : Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001India 
SENSEX TC
:
o
+
r
9
p
1
o
2
ra
2
te
22
1 d
7
e
2
n
1
t
2
i t
3
y
4
N
/3
u
3
m
E
b
: 
e
c
r
o.ri:
L
)
6
.7
1
m
2o
m
m
tb
2
s
0
e
0
i n
5
d
p
i a
Lc
.c
1 
o
5
m
51 8
wvyw.
8 
 bsern dia.com 	
. 
/ 

BSE LIMITED
Q2 FY 18 - 19 Earnings Conference Call
November 2, 2018
BSE LIMITED
25th Floor, P.J Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001

1
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to BSE’s Q2 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name
is Basu and I will be the moderator for the today’s conference. As a reminder, all
participants’ line will be in a listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to
ask questions after the presentation concludes. [Operator Instructions] Please note that
this conference is being recorded today.
I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Yatin Padia, the Chief Investor Relation
Officer, BSE Limited. Thank you. Over to you, sir.
Yatin Padia
Hello, everyone, and welcome to BSE’s earnings call to discuss Q2 FY2019 results. This is
Yatin, the Chief Investor Relation Officer. Joining us today on this earning call is BSE’s
leadership team consisting of Mr. Ashishkumar Chauhan, Managing Director and Chief
Executive Officer; Mr. Nayan Mehta, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Neeraj Kulshrestha, Chief
of Business Operations. Do note that the conference is being recorded and a transcript of
the same will be available on our website. The financial results and the investor
presentation are also available on our website.
I would now request Mr. Ashishkumar Chauhan to give a brief overview of the Company’s
performance followed by Q&A session. BSE does not provide any specific revenue or
earnings guidance. Anything said on the call will be – which reflects BSE’s outlook for
future or which could be construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in
conjunction with the risk the company faces.
With that, I would like to turn the call to Mr. Ashishkumar Chauhan.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Thank you, Yatin. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to all of you, wherever
you are.
We are happy to inform you that BSE became the first universal exchange in India on
October 1, 2018 with successful launch of Commodity Derivative Segment with the
launch of gold and silver futures. BSE has become the first exchange in India for providing
platform to trade and invest across all asset categories. Further, BSE also provides
platform for aggregation and distribution of financial products making it a one stop
destination for all investments requirements.
I’ll now update you on the recent business developments in various segments.

2
As mentioned, BSE has successfully launched commodity derivative segment with the
launch of gold and silver futures on October 1, 2018. Thereafter BSE launched contracts
in Oman crude oil futures on 26th October. BSE has also recently received market
regulator, SEBI’s approval to launch copper derivative contract, which was launched
today. Contracts start day will be on the first day of contract launch month and the final
trading day will be the last day of contract expiry month. Accordingly, trading on this
contract has been launched as I say.
Over the past one year, BSE has tied up with various associations in the commodities
business for growth of and development of commodities derivatives business in India.
The entities with whom BSE has tied up includes renowned entities including Federation
of Indian Export Organization, London Metal Exchange, Bombay Metal Exchange, Cotton
Association of India, Federation of Spice Stakeholders, Gem Jewellery Council, Bullion
Federation, etc. BSE recently entered into an agreement with Dubai Mercantile Exchange,
a premier energy-focused, commodities exchange in the Middle East for the growth and
systematic development of commodity derivatives in the crude oil complex.
BSE has registered 145 trading members and 27 clearing members in the Commodity
Derivatives segment. Many more members are in the various stages of admission to
membership.
BSE’s announcement to waive transaction charges has attracted a lot of participants,
including all types of brokers and traders, who are cost sensitive due to their nature of
business.
Commodities derivatives trading platform with futures trading in gold and silver
contracts hit fresh all-time peak with the traded volume logging INR 621 crores on
Thursday 25th October, 2018. The gold contracts recorded a trade volume of 1,715 lots
with a value of INR 548 crores and the silver contract clocked a traded volume of 629 lots
with a value of INR 73 crores. BSE’s share of average daily turnover in this segment as on
30th October stands at 86% vis-à-vis another universal exchange.
In StAR MF, StAR MF is BSE’s flagship product for mutual fund distribution. India’s largest
mutual fund distribution infrastructure now continues to grow at a brisk pace. We are
delighted to inform you that BSE StAR MF distribution reach and network has grown over
15,000 registered distributors and over 2 lakh, indirect plus direct put together,
distributors considering the employees and business associates of registered distributors
including stock brokers on its network spread over 3,000 towns across India, processing
over 31 lakh transactions per month, equivalent to 19% of the annual transactions of
2017-18. BSE StAR MF set an all-time high record of 31.66 lakh transactions in the month

3
of September 2018, witnessing a 10% month-on-month growth. On 10th September
2018, BSE StAR MF processed another record of nearly 6 lakh transactions in a single day.
The number of registered mutual fund distributors increased to 16,221 as on October 31,
2018. Total number of SIPs registered under this segment increased by 68% to 2,93,827
for the half year ended September 30, 2018 from 1,74,870 for the half year ended
September 30, 2017. The total number of XSIPs registered on this segment increased by
162%, to 8,21,309 for the half year ended 30th September 2018 from 3,13,824 for the
half year ended 30th September 2017. The total number of orders processed in the
Mutual Fund segment increased by 148% to 156 lakhs for the half year ended 30th
September 2018 from 63 lakhs for the half year ended 30th September 2017. The total
value of orders processed in the Mutual Fund segment increased by 58% to INR 75,283
crore for the half year ended 30th September 2018 from INR 47,669 crores for the half
year ended 30th September 2017. The BSE StAR MF Exchange infrastructure is
predominantly catering to retail category of mutual fund industry. We are delighted to
inform that BSE StAR MF distribution reach and network has gone over 15,000 registered
distributions.
BSE has successfully created a digital democracy that is redefining the mutual fund
distribution in India. BSE StAR MF is the most neutral infrastructure for all stakeholders
in Indian mutual fund distribution ecosystem, be it Investors, Distributors, AMCs, RTAs,
et., without any conflict of interest. BSE StAR MF encouraged its members to register
maximum SIPs during the Maha SIP week from 10th September 2018 to 15th September
2018, which achieved addition of 53,547 new SIPs to the mutual fund industry in a week’s
time.
BSE launched a platform for electronic book mechanism for bonds called “BSE BOND” for
issuance of debt securities on private placement basis above INR 500 crores on July 1,
2016. SEBI revised the threshold limit downward to debt issuances above INR 200 crores
with effect from 1st April 2018. Issuers in this segment include renowned corporates
from public as well as private sector in India. During the half year ended 30th September
2018, amount raised on BSE BOND platform was INR 1,00,233 crores as compared to INR
92,308 crores for the corresponding period in the previous year. BSE continues to remain
market leader by a large margin in this business.
BSE SME platform has 274 companies listed on its platform as on date as compared to
258 companies listed on September 30, 2018 and 198 companies listed on 30 September
2017. Of the total number of companies listed on BSE SME platform, 53 companies have
migrated to the main board as on 30 September 2018. 28 companies were listed on this
platform during the half year ended 30th September 2018. BSE’s market share in this
SME segment is also more than 60% and BSE is leader in this segment.

4
BSE’s average daily turnover in Currency Derivatives segment has increased by 90% to
INR 32,668 crores for the half year ended 30th September 2018 from INR 17,207 crores
for the half year ended 30th September 2017. The total contract traded has also grown
by 79% to 58.12 crores contracts for the half year ended 30th September 2018 as
compared to 32.46 crore contracts for the half year ended 30th September 2017. Growth
has been aided by increase in turnover in both Currency Futures as well as Options
segment. The average daily turnover in Currency Options segment increased by 87% and
BSE’s market share in this segment as on 30th September amongst three exchanges now
around 49% plus.
India International Exchange, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of BSE, continues to
expand its footprint through various listings, products offerings and growth of turnover.
Average daily turnover in India International Exchange grew by 1387% to US$ 630
million for the half year ended 30th September 2018 from US$ 42 million for the half year
ended 30th September 2017. The turnover comprises of significant contribution by
Equity Derivative segment as well as Commodity Derivative segments. On many days,
India INX is larger than Dubai Gold commodity exchange and NCDEX both. India INX
achieved a major milestone on 25th September 2018, when the daily trading turnover of
its Derivative segment crossed US$1.7 billion. India INX’s market share in this segment
for half year ended 30th September 2018 is 68%, India INX is now the market leader in
this segment also.
India International Clearing Corporation, the clearing arm of India INX has announced the
acceptance of AAA-rated international sovereign securities as collateral from its clearing
members and custodians. India ICC is the first and only clearing corporation in GIFT IFSC
to offer this. The acceptance of international sovereign securities by India ICC will benefit
foreign investors looking to trade on India INX and make GIFT IFSC more attractive
destination for international investors. For segregated nominee account providers and
their end clients, this is a welcome move and will allow them to now start to trade directly
at IFSC by offering their international sovereign security holdings as margins. Investors
will have the option to place these international securities, directly through International
Central Securities Depositories like Clearstream, etc.
India INX has announced the launch India INX Global Access IFSC Limited, a single
centralized platform through which hedgers, traders and investors can access
International Exchanges from GIFT IFSC. Global Access, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
India INX, is the first of its kind platform from India and IFSC at GIFT City, which will offer
access to derivatives and investment products traded on International Exchanges. India

5
INX Global Access has already established necessary connectivity with CME Group of
exchanges namely CME, CBOT, COMEX, NYMEX currently.
India INX Global Access aims to become the leading financial services provider in IFSC
GIFT City in the years ahead by facilitating a centralized access to international financial
markets for its customers. For participants at GIFT IFSC, Global Excess will provide a
unified single-window interface for trading on CME Group of exchanges with immediate
effect. For members and clients of India INX, Global Access offers a competitive and
sustainable value proposition to access global markets in a cost efficient way.
In the equity cash segment, BSE has changed the basis of transaction charges from trade
count basis to incremental turnover basis in group A, group B and certain other groups
of securities with effect from 1st July, 2018 based on market feedback.
With respect to listing of securities, the number of companies listed with their equity
capital on BSE, are available for trade are 4,121 as on date. BSE has the highest number
of companies listed on any exchange around the globe. Market capitalization of these
companies is above Rs. 138 lakh crore as of date. The total number of investors registered
on BSE has exceeded 4.10 crore.
BSE Investments Limited is a 100% subsidiary of BSE. It acquired 24% stake in CDSL
Commodity Repository Limited (“CCRL”) recently. BSE believes in creation of market
infrastructure institutions for development of various markets. CCRL will enable
electronic accounting of commodities, thereby ensuring ease of use, higher accuracy and
lower costs for document transmission. Commodity repository, will also provide the legal
and regulatory environment for inventory financing and warehouse receipt lending. As
per SEBI regulations, BSE cannot take direct stake in unrelated business. Hence, the stake
is being taken through a subsidiary, BSE Investment Limited.
BSE in partnership with Microsoft and Shephertz has launched ‘Ask Motabhai’, an
artificial intelligence based ‘chatbot’, to provide on-demand data and information from
the stock exchange’s website. BSE makes available on its website information on stock
price, corporate results and announcements, in real-time, of over 5,000 entities listed on
the exchange. In order to make it convenient and faster for the investors, especially small,
retail investors to get stock and market information.
Recently, BSE has launched Google Assistant service to make BSE market data easily
accessible to investors. The leading exchange believes that voice conversation is a key
interface of future, for which it has kick started its services in English first and plans to
extend services in regional languages in the near future. BSE data / content like Indices,

6
Stock Prices, Corporate Announcement, Board Meetings, Corporate Actions etc, is now
available through voice conversation on Google Assistant.
On the financial updates
The standalone total revenue for Q2 FY2019 is higher by 4% to Rs. 152 crore as compared
to Rs. 146 crore in Q1 FY2019. The profit for the Q2 FY2019 is higher by 2% to Rs. 53
crore compared to Rs. 52 crore in Q1 FY2019. During the quarter ended 30 September,
the investment income has increased by Rs. 10 crore and other income has decreased by
Rs. 3 crore as compared to previous quarter. Further, during the quarter ended 30
September, 2018, total expenses increased by Rs. 8 crore over previous quarter mainly
due to provision for diminution in value of investment made in IL&FS Group secured non-
convertible debentures to the extent of Rs. 3.4 crore and increase in technology related
expenses by Rs. 2 crore. During the quarter ended 30 September, 2018, a sum of Rs. 5
crore has been booked as exceptional income. This amount forms part of the sale
proceeds of BSE’s stake offered in CDSL IPO, which was retained by CDSL towards IPO
expenses and now it is to be refunded by CDSL.
On a consolidated basis, the total revenue for Q2 FY2019 is flat at Rs. 164 crore as
compared to Q1 FY2019. Profit for Q2 FY2019 is lower by 11% to Rs. 46 crore as
compared to Rs. 52 crore in Q1 FY2019. During the quarter ended 30 September, 2018,
the investment income has increased by Rs. 3 crore and other income has decreased by
Rs. 3 crore as compared to previous quarter. Further, during the quarter ended 30
September, 2018, total expenses increased by Rs. 8 crore over previous quarter mainly
due to provision for diminution in value of investments made in IL&FS Group secured
non-convertible debentures to the extent of Rs. 3.4 crore, increase in contribution to
investor services fund expenses by Rs. 2 crore and increase in technology related
expenses by Rs. 1 crore as compared to the previous quarter. During the quarter ended
30 September, 2018, a sum of Rs. 5 crore, towards residual sale proceeds on the sale of
BSE’s stake in CDSL as mentioned earlier has been booked as income from discontinued
operations.
As of 30 September, 2018 the total balance lying in Settlement Guarantee Fund
maintained by our clearing corporation is Rs. 374 crore.
With this overview, let we welcome you, once again, and invite all of you to question and
answers. Thank you.

7
Questions-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] First question comes from Mr. Sandesh. Your line is unmuted.
Sandesh
Hello, sir.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Yes, please.
Sandesh
So I have one question. Which subsidiary are making operating loss, and when they will
reach a breakeven? Which subsidiary are making operating loss ?
Ashishkumar Chauhan
India International Exchange and India International Clearing Corporation are making
losses.
Sandesh
India International and ?
Ashishkumar Chauhan
India International Exchange and India International Clearing Corporation are make
losses. In addition, there is a minor small company called BSE Sammaan CSR Limited,
which is making losses of minor amounts.
Sandesh
Is there a chance to reach a breakeven?
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Basically, India International Exchange and India International Clearing Corporation are
in a sense joined at the hip, India International Exchange does the trading, Clearing
Corporation does the clearing and settlement. NSE, they have also started their own
exchange and that exchange is a – NSE’s exchange is not charging anything. So as a
competition BSE also cannot charge and that is basically the reason, why we are not
charging.
In addition, SEBI has allowed the NSE’s IFSC exchange to do liquidity enhancement
scheme, so BSE also had to match it, and that’s why sort of losses have increased and I do
not see when this will basically do it, but as when the market power is there with BSE, we
will start charging, till we don't see it in your future.

8
Sandesh
Okay. Sir I have a question about the consolidated statement. The administration and
other expense has increased by Rs.10 crore, in standalone and consolidated both …
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Rs. 10 crore.
Sandesh
What is the account for that?
Nayan Mehta
So in the consolidated statement, there are two main items, which is the provision for
diminution in value of investments, which we have made in ILFS group securities, which
is we had invested Rs.17 crores in secure non-convertible debentures of ILFS group. And
we had made a provision of 20% of same that is Rs.3.4 crores on that account.
And we have also made some provision for listing fees, which is receivable, so these are
the two main items because of which the admin cost has increased.
Sandesh
Okay. And there is commodity exchange and INX exchange, there is charge, you have one-
year free transaction in commodity exchange. So that is including that.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
You are talking about the India International or you’re talking about the BSE’s
commodities?
Sandesh
BSE commodities.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
BSE commodities have started trading as of October 1. It is one month old in terms of
calendar days.
Sandesh
Okay.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
And we’re not charging anything as of now for one year from October 1, 2018 to
September 30, 2019. So till that time, we will not be making any charges to the –

9
transaction charges to the brokers. So there will be basically some minor losses that will
be incurred for the people, who are dedicated for that business. And of course, we have
to also do a three shift running operations because of the fact that the commodities are
running till very late in the night, almost midnight.
So we had to also sort of restructure our operations, which will cost us a little more. But
it will also allow us to do trading in equities & derivatives till late in evening , as and when
it is allowed. So effectively this is more of an investment happening just now and once we
have good amount of volumes, we may be able to charge in commodities also, like what
we did in currencies.
Sandesh
Okay. Can you give a break up of administration and other expenses, Rs.41 crore you have
shown, just give us major amount of break up. What includes Rs.41 crore?
Nayan Mehta
See, administration expenses will be include all types of expenses, which will be
regulatory expenses, which will be overheads – day-to-day overheads. There will be some
business expenses involved. So obviously, that you can make out from our balance sheet,
which is already available.
Sandesh
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Next question comes from Mr. Ashish Chopra from Motilal Oswal Securities.
Your line is un-muted.
Ashish Chopra
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Nayan firstly, if you could just clarify again, I missed out
on the admin and other expenses you mentioned that the provision of Rs.3.4 crores would
be there and what's the second element?
Nayan Mehta
The second element is we have made some provision for doubtful debts and which
basically, comprises of listing receivable. So that is amount, which is because of it, the
administrative expenses increased.
Ashish Chopra
Okay. Okay. How much…

10
Nayan Mehta
This is basically – and this is Rs.4 crore provision which we have made and which is in
line with all the provisions, which we have been making earlier also every year.
Ashish Chopra
Okay. And the reversal of unrealized interest of Rs.82 lakhs, would that also be in the
same expense item.
Nayan Mehta
Yes.
Ashish Chopra
Okay.
Nayan Mehta
That will be basically reduced out of income, investment income.
Ashish Chopra
Okay, got it. And secondly, if you could just quantify, so what would be the costs maybe of
running the commodity derivatives for an year without any transaction charge? In terms
of the people, and like you mentioned it will be operating till evening. So what would be
the loss that one can factor in because of that?
Nayan Mehta
So it’s basically a marginal increase. And that is basically for the guys who are working
for two shifts, their salary cost and obviously, you know, since most of our operations and
data center works full time, 24 hours. So it wouldn't really make too much of difference
on the other overheads.
Ashish Chopra
Okay. So I think one other announcement was of the non renewal of the S&P license. Does
that in any way have any impact maybe on the cost side or on the – some of these indices
which were licensing earlier and taking S&P’s name. So how does that really change
anything? I just wanted to get some understanding on that?
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Nothing much. Basically, we had done this tie-up five years back, but J.V. couldn't do much
in terms of expanding in the foreign jurisdiction, the usage of the indexes and all. And
that's why we have decided to not renew it, but overall the impact on profits or on the
revenues will be minuscule.

11
Ashish Chopra
Understood. So I think, Ashish on the Clearing Corporation, so there was this report that
came out which finally allowed or made way for interoperability of Clearing Corporation
sometime in the future. So if you could just help us understand what could be the
roadmap for this implementation, the likely timelines and how does it impact BSE for the
better or for the worse?
Ashishkumar Chauhan
See basically interoperability of Clearing Corporation was a requirement which BSE had
come out with long back. And then of course there was a committee under Mr. K. V.
Kamath that was set up around five, six years back. And then they given their report
around 3.5 years back, recommending it, but timing was left to SEBI. And since then there
were discussions. And then later on in August, 2018, SEBI board took a decision to allow
interoperability of Clearing Corporation. As you would have seen, it's already six years
since the discussion started, three, four years since recommendation. So some more time
– also might be sort of taken by various people to come out with regulations after their
board approves.
And once they come out with their regulations, we will be able to implement. Most
probably people are expect it to have some positive impact on BSE’s volumes, because of
the fact that, you are able to take sort of hedged positions in multiple exchanges, if you
are on a single Clearing Corporation on a multiple framework basis. And that is basically
the advantage for a trader, or a hedger or an arbitrager. And that might increase liquidity
in the exchange which have lower amount of liquidity. Now that is the theory. Practice
remains to be seen how the competing exchanges allow it to be implemented and how
actually the benefits accrues. But we have some hopes and once it is allowed we will try
to launch it as quick as possible.
And you might have seen in the past anything new that is allowed, we are pretty much
the first to launch any product like even commodity recently. And because we have some
solid technology and business development teams, which end up conceptualizing and
implementing all these things, all the changes that SEBI wants or business changes that
come very, very fast.
Ashish Chopra
Got it, that's helpful. Thanks. I will go back into the queue.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Thank you.

12
Operator
Thank you, Mr. Ashish. [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Su Reddy from
Mergers India Info. Your line is un-muted.
Su Reddy
Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Your employee benefit and expenses have
increased from Rs. 28 crores to Rs 34 crores on the consolidated side, any specific reason
for that?
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Part of it is basically the inflationary part. And other part is that SEBI gave their
recommendation that the employees charged to a particular fund would now have to be
charged under the BSE directly and that's where almost Rs. 3 crore has been added. So
it's broadly what I call large amount have added due to that part where SEBI – basically
SEBI has recommended that we need to start charging some of the employees which were
being charged on another fund, into BSE’s own account.
Su Reddy
A supplementary question on the same related, is the leadership incentive in anyway link
to market capitalization of BSE, because since the IPO, the prices have come down
substantially? Is it done variable, what I’m saying is anyway linked with the market
capitalization.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Basically, the way the new regulations have come out, and old regulations affecting the
employment contracts for the top management of BSE or any other exchange for that
matter including commodities exchanges now, then they don’t get stock options and they
don’t get variable salaries which are linked to the profits of the company. And so basically
the reason is that these are regulatory organizations and they should focus more on
regulations and compliance rather than on the – maximizing profit on a short-term basis.
And so that is basically the reason, however it has no relevance to the prices going up or
down. And so people may like to connect but I do not think there are any connections at
all.
Su Reddy
Okay. Thanks. Only the reason for asking is this somewhere it needs to be linked, so that
you know they should not be total disconnect with the market cap and leadership base.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Thank you. But it could also boomerang for a regulatory organization like this. However,
you can take it up with SEBI and other regulators.

13
Su Reddy
We, retail investors have – okay, thanks. Appreciate it.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you, Mr. Reddy. Next question comes from Mr. Rahil Jasani from ICICI Securities.
Your line is unmuted.
Rahil Jasani
Yeah. Good evening sir. Sir, my question was on the mutual fund platform, which we have.
So you mentioned that the platform has been seeing monthly trades of around 3 million
and it's growing at a very rapid pace. So I was just assessing the opportunity size for BSE
StAR MF. So I just wanted to know what will be the number and share of mutual fund
transactions which are conducted via online platforms and offline platforms. And further
what is the share of say IFAs, banks and other intermediaries in these transactions.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Basically, we have – some of the largest distributor or aggregators, are also on BSE, okay.
And we have some of the largest stockbroker entities are also on BSE, some of the largest
banking cum stockbroker entities are also on BSE. So some of the larger ones go through
the BSE, some of the smaller ones go through the, like one mom-and-pop joints also go
through BSE and in between even the Robo-advisors and so on and so forth. So, currently
I don't have the readymade numbers on which type of people are sort of facing more
orders on BSE. But, effectively we're a backend to the entire industry. We are not the
frontend, but any type of front-end whether it is manual front-end or automated front-
end or completely robotic front-end. They all use the BSEs StAR MF platform equally.
Well, in fact, even the portfolio managers, some of the largest portfolio managers also use
BSE StAR MF for their customers sort of orders to be place and all.
Rahil Jasani
Right, right. Sir so I was not asking particularly about the existing mix of intermediaries
but what potential do you see going forward of your customers increasing or the
intermediaries coming to you?
Ashishkumar Chauhan
See, basically it is say that there are two to three crore mutual fund transactions in a
month happening. And BSE is doing around 33 to 35 lakhs now from this month onwards.

14
So in terms of number of transactions we are still lower, but in terms of value of
transactions we are like 20%, 25% of the total.
In terms of a new customers, I have been told we are around 44% to 48% of all new
customers are now coming through BSE StAR MFs. And so, we are slowly becoming larger
than the entire industry – in terms of the pace at which we are growing. We are growing
at faster than the industry pace, and we still have a larger – to grow, our costs are
phenomenally low because we are a backend. And that's where we also save as per
estimates around Rs. 300 to Rs. 400 per transaction for mutual fund industry.
However, some of the large mutual fund industry players who have very large
distribution network, they clearly do not like smaller ones to have similar or even better
distribution framework at even lower cost. So there is a bit of a kind of a competition that
is going on, we have also try to set up MF utility by creating one through AMFI and all.
And of course, everyone now is trying to create their own direct website based
framework. But clearly BSE StAR MF is growing at a very, very rapid pace. And I don't
know how fast it would be able to kind of get to one crore transaction and then two crore
transactions in a month, but our technology is ready.
And as you know this year we started charging token amounts broadly to the mutual fund
industry, because it was the first year of payment, for seven years of our services nobody
paid. This year only they have started paying and hopefully we'll be able to also increase
our charges a little bit going forward. And so basically, it remains to be negotiated and
other things. But those are the hopes and let’s see how it works out.
Rahil Jasani
Right, sir. Great color. So, actually, just a follow-up on that, you said, there are other bigger
players, who have also started their online – already have online platforms going on. So,
what will – what can be our value proposition for these guys to come to BSE’s StAR MF
platform onboard?
Ashishkumar Chauhan
It’s, basically, the distributor, who is not tied to a particular fund, he would rather want
to sort of have a piece of mind and a piece of operations every day. When he goes through
BSE StAR MF, he has to settle with only one entity, which is BSE every day for all these
transactions, in all the mutual funds, in all the schemes, whereas if he goes through
hundred different websites, he doesn’t even – he can’t even keep track with whom he is
trading, how much, where will the money go, and how it has gone or not and all those
things, right.

15
Rahil Jasani
Got it.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
So, it’s basically like creating your own roads if you want to travel or basically go on the
road which somebody else has created and a network of roads, which is what BSE is
giving you. And that’s what I still think having public roads are better than creating
private road by any individual.
Rahil Jasani
Right, right. It’s a great color. So, just a final question on the mutual fund a bit again so,
you said, you are charging a nominal fee now since last two, three quarters. This quarter,
we saw around $8.59 million orders in the whole quarter. So what – I was wondering
what is the transaction charges, which we earned in this quarter from the BSE StAR MF
platform?
Nayan Mehta
Around Rs. 7 crore is the income we have earned out of this mutual fund transactions.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Rs. 7 crore.
Nayan Mehta
Above Rs. 7 crore.
Rahil Jasani
Okay, okay, okay. Great. Thank you, sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you, Mr. Rahil. Next question from Mr. Sandesh Kadole from individual investor.
Your line is unmuted.
Sandesh Kadole
Hello, sir.
Ashishkumar Chauhan
Yes.

16
Sandesh Kadole
Yes. You have given half-yearly performance. So, I just want to know the transaction
charge, treasure income and other by quarterly, Q2 FY2019? transaction charge income,
treasury income, other income and service to corporate income by Q2 FY2019.
Nayan Mehta
If you see the security services income, which is basically comprises of the transaction
income, it is more or less same at around Rs. 40 crores, last year – last quarter was Rs. 44
crores, it’s down to Rs. 43 crores, listing income last time was Rs. 56 crores, this time it
was Rs. 55 crores. And these are the two main income, which we have earned and as far
as we have investment income is concerned. Last time, it was Rs. 39 crores, it is Rs. 42
crores this time.
Sandesh Kadole
Okay. Okay, and the mutual fund income comes in other income or other operating
income?
Nayan Mehta
It’s the transaction charges, it’s the securities services income for us.
Sandesh Kadole
Okay. So, thank you sir.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] As we don’t have any further questions from the
participants. Now, I would like to have floor back to. Mr. Yatin Padia. Thank you and over
to you, sir.
Yatin Padia
Thank you for joining the earnings call.
Operator
Shall we conclude this call sir?
Yatin Padia
Yes.
Operator
That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating on Reliance
Conference Bridge. you may all disconnect now. Thank you.
{End of Transcript}

17
Disclaimer
This discussion may contain certain words or phrases that are forward - looking
statements, which are tentative, based on current expectations of the management of BSE
Limited or any of its subsidiaries and associate companies (“BSE”). Actual results may
vary significantly from the forward-looking statements contained in this presentations
due to various risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include the effect of
economic and political conditions in India and outside India, volatility in interest rates
and in the securities market, new regulations and Government policies that may impact
the businesses of BSE as well as the ability to implement its strategy.
The information contained herein is as of the date referenced and BSE does not undertake
any obligation to update these statements. BSE has obtained all market data and other
information from sources believed to be reliable or are its internal estimates, although its
accuracy or completeness cannot be guaranteed. The presentation relating to financial
performance herein is reclassified/regrouped based on Management estimates and may
not directly correspond to published data. The numbers have also been rounded off in
the
interest
of
easier
understanding.
Prior
period
figures
have
been
regrouped/reclassified wherever necessary. All information in this presentation has
been prepared solely by the company and has not been independently verified by anyone
else.
This document is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or
recommendation to buy or sell any securities of BSE. Any action taken by you on the basis
of the information contained herein is your responsibility alone and BSE or its directors
or employees will not be liable in any manner for the consequences of such action taken
by you. The distribution of this document in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law
and persons into whose possession this presentation comes should inform themselves
about, and observe, any such restrictions.
