EVV/Sec/2018/377 
October 31,2018 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai- 400 051. 
Dear Sirs, 
Ref.:- Symbol: EDELWEISS 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
Enclosed is the Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 29, 2018, pertaining to the 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2018. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Edelweiss Financial Services Limited 
~~ 
B. Renianathan 
Executive Vice President & Company Secretary 
End: a/a 
Edelweiss Financial Services Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: L99999MH1995PLC094641 
Registered Office : Edelweiss House, Off CST Road, Kalina, Mumbai 400098 (() +91 22 4009 4400 ® +91 224019 3610 www.edelweissfin.com 

 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services Limited 
Q2 FY19 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 29, 2018 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good Day, Ladies and Gentlemen. And Welcome to the Q2 FY19 Earnings 
Conference Call of Edelweiss Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant line will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Varun Divadkar from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Varun Divadkar: 
Thanks, Margret. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the Q2 
FY19 results conference call of Edelweiss Financial Services Limited. We have with 
us today, Mr. Rashesh Shah – Chairman and CEO, Edelweiss Group; Mr. 
Himanshu Kaji – Executive Director and Group COO; Mr. S. Ranganathan – 
President and Chief Financial Officer; Ramya Rajagopalan – Executive Vice 
President, Corporate Development; and Salil Bawa – Head and Senior Vice 
President )Stakeholder Relations). 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in todays discuss 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available on the results document shared with 
you earlier. 
During the discussions, we will be referring to two presentations, the Q2 FY19 
Investor Presentation, and the addendum presentation is uploaded to the 
exchanges. 
With that, I would like to now invite Mr. Rashesh Shah to begin the proceedings of 
the call. 
Rashesh Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to all of you. Again, a very warm welcome on this Q2 
Investor Call. As you would have seen from the results, it was a good quarter. We 
had profit after tax consolidated of Rs. 272 crore and profit after tax, excluding 
insurance, Rs. 322 crore. So, a growth momentum that over the last 30 quarters 
has been there continues in this quarter, in spite of some headwinds towards the 
end of the quarter. For this quarter, we also had ROA, excluding insurance, of 2.5% 
and ROE of about 19.1%. So, more or less, growth and business is usual in this 
quarter. 
Customer assets have also grown fairly well to Rs. 2,47,900 crore of total assets. 
Our credit book is around Rs. 49,000 crore, out of which about Rs. 21,000-odd 
crore is retail credit and our GNPA is 1.78 with NNPA 0.79. Our ARC business had 
a good quarter, our wealth management also has now come very close to Rs. 1 
lakh crore of assets under Edelweiss, and our asset management business has 

 
Page 2 of 22 
 
now also grown to Rs. 35,000 crore on assets under management. So, both 
businesses have done well, steady growth inflows.  
We have also been talking about the importance of liquidity cushion for the last 
many years, because we have seen 2008, 2009, we have seen 2013, we have also 
seen the importance of liquidity cushion at times like this, which is also maintained 
very well. And we continue to have about 9% to 10% of total balance sheet, and 
about 11% to 12% of our total borrowings as liquidity cushion.  
Our diversified model continues as we grow along. And I will speak a little bit more 
about each of our businesses after my colleague S. Ranganathan gives a slight 
overview on this quarterly numbers and the balance sheet, and then I will give more 
color on each of the businesses after that. Over to you, SR. 
S. Ranganathan: 
Thank you, Rashesh. And good afternoon all of you, once again, for attending this 
call. Let me, as usual, take you quickly through the Q2 Earnings Update. 
I am happy to announce that we recorded a profit after tax of Rs. 272 crore in this 
Q2 FY19, registering a YoY growth of 47% over Q2 FY18. The ex-insurance return 
on equity for the quarter stands at 19.1%.  
Other highlights: 
Our total revenues for Q2 FY19 stands at Rs. 2,672 crore, which is 32% year-on-
year increase. Consolidated profit after tax of Rs. 272 crore compared to Q2 FY18 
of Rs. 185 crore, is up 47% on a year-on-year. Ex-insurance profit after tax of Rs. 
322 crore is up 46% year-on-year when compared to Q2 FY18 of Rs. 207 crore. 
The balance sheet grew from Rs. 48,102 crore in Q2 FY18 to Rs. 49,433 crore by 
the end of this quarter. Consolidated ROA for the quarter stood at 1.9% and ex-
insurance stood at 2.5%. Consolidated ROE for the quarter stood at 14.7%, and ex-
insurance ROE stands at 19.1%.  
Coming on to the main businesses that fared during quarter: 
Credit business profit after tax grew 54% year-on-year to Rs. 245 crore, post 
minority. Share of retail credit stands at 42% today as compared to 41% a quarter 
before. Franchise and advisory business profit after tax grew 9% year-on-year to 
stand at Rs. 76 crore this quarter. This segment has been impacted due to 
dampened capital market activity during this quarter. Ex-insurance cost-to-income 
ratio for the quarter was 47%. Credit cost remained well under control with GNPA 
was at 1.78% and the NNPA 0.79% at the end of the quarter. 
The collateral cover for the corporate book remains robust at 1.9x and the LTV on 
the retail book stands at around 45%.  
Basically, looking at the income streams.  
Our fund based income grew 36% year-on-year to Rs. 1,914 crore during the Q2 
2019. Fee and commission income grew by 13% and stands at Rs. 515 crore 
during Q2 FY19.  
Our life insurance business continued to grow and recorded a net premium of Rs. 
184 crore for the Q2 FY19, a growth of 63%.  
Briefly talking about the balance sheet: 

 
Page 3 of 22 
 
We continue to take steps to strengthen our balance sheet. Consolidated capital 
adequacy at the end of quarter two stands at 16.16%. We have a comfortably 
matched ALM and liquidity profile over the short-term and medium-term. Long-term 
borrowings stand at 59% of the total borrowings, and we aim to maintain liquidity 
cushion of 11% to 13% of the total borrowing.  
During the quarter we successfully raised Rs. 2,000 crore by way of public issue of 
retail bond in our leading NBFC, ECL Finance Limited. Our debt to equity ratio, 
excluding treasury assets, remains at a stable level of 5.2 times as at 30th 
September, 2018. 
Edelweiss continues to get access to funding from money market and banks. We 
have raised Rs. 2,500 crore since September 21st, including Rs. 1,450 crore by 
way of commercial papers. We have adequate liquidity cushion and estimated 
business inflows currently, positions us to meet all contractual liabilities over the 
next six months comfortably.  
As on date we have Rs. 7,600 crore due till 31 March, 2019, of which Rs. 5,500 
crore in the form of commercial paper. Therefore we do not see any challenge in 
respect of meeting these obligations.  
With this, I complete my speech. I would hand it over back to Rashesh for his part 
of the communication.  
Rashesh Shah: 
Thank you, SR. We have been getting a lot of queries and feedback from investors, 
and there are about seven or eight questions that most of the investors are asking 
us. So, I thought I will just, instead of having a standard commentary, I will just 
answer those questions. So, I think the first question that a lot of investors have 
been posing has been how do we see the current liquidity situation in the market? 
And as you all know that we are feeling the impact, the entire industry is feeling the 
impact. But in the last eight, ten days things are starting to open up, we are seeing 
volumes in commercial papers and all starting to come back. My estimate is that we 
are now at about 13% of the normal volumes, fortunately banks and all are still 
active, the bank approvals and all are coming, bank lines are still there. But on the 
bond market side volumes are currently at around 30% of the volumes. I would 
expect that by end of November we should hopefully get to between about 60%, 
70% of the normal volumes, which in our world would say normalcy has come back. 
And the kind of fear psychosis or confidence crises or whatever people are calling it 
which was there a couple of weeks ago has started abetting now.  So, things are, 
maybe, one-third or normal, but the trend is very positive and we are hoping that in 
the next few weeks liquidity situation gets back to normalcy.  
The second question a lot of investors have been asking us has been, how is the 
Edelweiss liquidity situation? That, as my colleague SR just reported, we are well 
placed as we have filed a few days ago, we have obligations of about Rs. 12,000 
crore to repay till March, against which we are holding liquidity cushion plus the 
treasury assets plus the loan against shares book, all of that, is around Rs. 13,000 
crore to Rs. 14,000 crore. Along with that we also expect in the next six months 
around Rs. 3,000 crore coming to our ARC business, we get normal inflows of 
about Rs. 400 crore – Rs. 500 crore every month in our credit business, which 
would be another Rs. 2,500 crore to Rs. 3,000 crore. And we have about Rs. 6,000 
crore to Rs. 8,000 crore of bank lines in the works, which are either approved or 
getting approved as we speak. So, all this is without estimating any inflows from the 
mutual fund market, which also we think will open up soon, and commercial paper 
as well as NCDs will also start coming in some form or the other over the next few 
months. But even without that, with the bank market, with the business receipts we 

 
Page 4 of 22 
 
have from ARC and credit business and the liquidity cushion treasury, loan against 
shares, highly liquid credit book we have, we will manage the liquidity. Obviously, 
we want to have the NCD bond market opening up and liquidity coming back to 
normal so that we can aggressively pursue the growth agenda that was there. I 
think for the next five, six months most of us will be careful in managing liquidity, 
and only when normalcy comes back the growth will start coming back. I think a lot 
of us will be calibrated in the growth in terms of how we look at the liquidity situation 
over the next few years. I do think that things like ECB and international markets 
will also be another source of liquidity for housing finance companies as we go 
along.  
The third question that I have been asked often has been the commercial paper’s 
non-availability impact on Edelweiss, assuming the commercial paper market 
shrinks what will be the impact on Edelweiss? Here I am very happy to say that we 
have never used commercial paper as an ALM arbitrage tool. So, profitability in the 
credit business, there is no excess profit which came because of commercial paper 
utilization. Our commercial paper borrowing was directly for our treasury and what 
we call the liquid credit book, the loan against shares book. So, these are the only 
two areas where we use commercial paper and we think if the commercial paper 
market shrinks and assuming that it will become half of the normal that was there, 
we expect that we will have about Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 crore of commercial 
paper outstanding, which means we will lose about Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 
crore of borrowing opportunity in commercial paper which was funding our treasury 
and liquid credit book. These books are about an average ROA of about 100 basis 
point, so we would expect that from a profitability point of view 50% shrinkage of the 
commercial paper market should lead to about Rs. 40 crore – Rs. 50 crore of the 
after tax impact for us, which as you always said in a diversified model is okay and 
can be handled. We will use other sources of funding also for the loan against 
shares and other books, where cost might go up but we think we should be able to 
pass it on to the customers and continue to provide this product and service for our 
customers also.  
The fourth question has been on our strategy and composition of our credit book, 
where I want to again reiterate that we have a very diversified credit book, as I said, 
out of Rs. 49,000 crore of credit almost Rs. 13,000 crore is retail and SME loans, 
another Rs. 12,000 crore is real-estate and wholesale mortgages, another Rs. 
9,000 crore is the corporate book, Rs. 8,000 crore is loan against shares and agri 
book, which are generally short duration and very liquid book with very low NPAs. 
And the last one is about Rs. 7,000 crore of our ARC and distressed book. So, fairly 
well diversified book, especially ARC has also upside and carry along with that. So, 
that also balances out the overall book. So, given this we are very comfortable with 
some volatility, some turbulence in individual books. And we also ensure that in our 
credit approach we get our pricing right, so even the wholesale mortgage book we 
make sure that we get the pricing right and we provide also as per expected credit 
cost. And our approach on providing has been that we provide either as per our 
model or actual experience, whichever is higher. So, the idea is to make sure if you 
get your provisioning right you will get a pricing strategy also right.  
As you may remember, friends, we had excess provisioning of Rs. 140 crore in the 
last quarter when we moved from Indian GAAP to IndAS, and we chose to keep this 
provision into the provision kitty itself, and we did not claw this back. This is a very 
conservative approach and underscores our approach that you should provide as 
aggressively as you can so that you make sure that whatever is the expected credit 
cost in a particular strategy is also highlighted in your P&L.  
And finally on our credit book, most of our credit book is collateralized with average 
LTV of between 45% to 55% and we feel comfortable that in collateralized credit 

 
Page 5 of 22 
 
your loss given defaults are fairly low, because you have very high rates of 
recovery.  
The fifth area of enquiry has been around our real-estate book and the color on our 
wholesale mortgage book, which as I said earlier is about Rs. 12,000 crore. At Rs. 
12,000 crore we estimate that we are 2.4% to 2.5% of the total market for this credit 
strategy. We have built this book over the last 10 years in a very slow and steady 
manner. We showcased this book, obviously, to RBI when they do the inspection, 
but also to credit rating agencies. We showcase our approach, our book to the 
credit rating agencies, to banker’s creditors. But along with that we also have raised 
our real-estate funds which co-invest along with our wholesale mortgage strategy. 
So, here we have multiple investors over the years who have done due diligence on 
this book, who have done due diligence on this strategy, and then they have 
committed funds to co-invest alongside our books. So, this has gone through 
testing from international external investors also who have looked at the strategy 
and seen whether the risk reward and our ability to manage this makes sense or 
not. So, on that I feel fairly comfortable that we have had multiple oversights on this 
book.  
As we have seen our addendum, we do mainly housing in this at an SPV level, we 
do not do holdco financing. About 95% of our book is housing finance projects, in 
95% of the projects we are the sole lender to the project which gives you a lot of 
flexibility in managing risk. Also, 80% of the inventory that we have is under Rs. 1 
crore which are also fairly, where the demand is fairly high, and the price elasticity 
is also fairly good. We also, obviously, do very strong underwriting, but we do 
believe in post-underwriting risk management also very closely. And for this we 
have a strong project management team and a distribution team. We also have a 
sales team which can sell apartments, which can sell homes. And this project 
management as well as distribution team ensures that even post-underwriting if 
there is any risk management issues we are able to manage it. 
Also, we have ensured that though we will have NPAs, like all other credit 
businesses, we always ensure that there is generally no actual loss and there is 
collateral and you are proactive and your risk management is robust. And we have 
found that your recovery rates can be almost 100%, that has been our experience. 
We have been able to recover money and not eventually lose. So, you may have 
NPAs but you would not have actual credit loss if you can manage your risk well 
and be proactive on that.  
In the last few years we have done that, wherever projects were in trouble we would 
do step in we have changed a few developers, we have done last mile funding, we 
have brought third-party last mile funding to complete projects when there were 
issues on any project. And we have done this over the last 10 years, we have seen 
demonetization, GST. So, headwinds always come, but I think in any credit 
business it is very important to acknowledge that the environment can change. And 
if the headwinds come you should be prepared to be able to manage the risk 
associated with that.  
The other question I have been asked has been, what is the outlook on the real-
estate book or on the business and the housing market overall? Our sense is that 
the overall housing market should continue to do well. We have had almost five 
years of falling inventory, falling prices, so this current turbulence of headwind is 
also happening not on an asset bubble, because house prices have not been going 
up for the last five years, we have seen too much investor buying in homes and all, 
there is only end user buying that has been happening. And for the first half home 
sales were fairly good, there was almost a 8% growth in the first half of home sales 
over last year. So, the market is coming back and as long as Indian economy grows 
at between 7% to 8% we think housing interest will be there, India sells between 2 

 
Page 6 of 22 
 
million to 2.5 million homes every year. So, there will be demand for housing. And 
along with that, as long as the home loan market is open, which we are happy that 
banks and a lot of housing finance companies are continuing the business of giving 
home loans, in spite of this liquidity, so as long as that goes on we do think that 
home loan, home sales will continue to drive the housing market. If there are any 
projects which will get stuck, they will only get stuck because of the lack of funding 
to complete the project, because our experience has been that any project that gets 
completed, especially where the pricing is below Rs. 1 crore, it is not hard to sell 
that, you have to complete the project and not have any hindrances on that. So, as 
long as that happens, actually people are more worried at demonetization stage on 
whether home sales can happen. So, the outlook currently seems to be that home 
sales will not slow down, and as long as home sales do not slow down we do think 
that real-estate portfolio for not only us but everybody in the market should continue 
to do well. There will be some projects which will need additional funding for 
completion, and for that there will be enough funders available, including private 
equity funds, including ARCs and all, who will step in to provide last mile funding, to 
provide completion financing, and ensure that projects are getting competed.  
The other question we have been getting is on our ARC business and the outlook 
on that. I am happy to report that the business continues to be robust. We have 
deployed more funds in this quarter, but H1, the first half year this year has also 
seen good recoveries, we have recovered almost Rs. 2,000 crore and we expect to 
recover another about Rs. 10,000 crore to Rs. 12,000 crore in the next half as the 
large recoveries around Essar and Binani and all start coming in. So, we will be 
receiving funds back, which obviously is a good news from recoveries and cash 
flow point of view, but also from the book point of view the question we have been 
asked, will the book shrink? We feel that we have a lot of opportunities that we will 
also deploy the funds over the next three quarters, so as we get the receipts we will 
also be deploying them back, because the current pipeline seems fairly good.  
Also, one of the things in our ARC we have not highlighted is that we have a lot of 
expertise in real-estate also, our ARC has done four to five real-estate distress 
asset revivals, whether it was a mall, or it was a commercial building which were 
incomplete projects and the loans had become NPA with banks, our ARC acquired 
those loans, reworked the project balance sheet, provided some last mile funding, 
and ensured that the projects got completed and recoveries happen for everybody. 
So, we think that distressed asset business will continue to do well. In a distressed 
asset business we also have another Rs. 10,000 crore fund alongside with that, half 
of which is deployed, so we have about Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 crore of 
deployable surplus in the distress credit fund that we manage. And given the recent 
environment our ARC is also talking to many investors to maybe create a focused 
real-estate distressed fund which will focus on providing completion and last mile 
funding for real-estate projects which may be stuck for lack of financing.  
And the final question is, Edelweiss strategy going forward, any changes on that? 
So, I think at this time it is important to reiterate that we are a diversified business 
and that has been our strength, we have always spoken about that because even 
the current turbulence in the NBFC segment underscores that, because though 
NBFCs part of our business is not our only business. Everybody is currently 
focused on that, we have a lot of other businesses like our ARC business, asset 
management, wealth management, insurance, capital markets, all of them are 
growing well, have got huge amount of growth, value, franchise value ahead of that. 
And we remain positive on all those businesses, and on NBFC we obviously think 
this turbulence will die down, the liquidity situation will slowly crawl back to normal. 
Because NBFCs have been real story, NBFCs have been responsible for credit 
delivery in India, and NBFCs and banks coming together is a fairly robust model for 
the credit needs of the country. So, there might be some headwinds in the NBFC 
business because of liquidity crunch, we are confident that this will not only come 

 
Page 7 of 22 
 
down but our model, which is a diversified model, will also handle this and maybe 
allow us to be counter cyclical in that. In our credit business we will continue to 
balance our credit book by growing retail more faster than wholesale, that has been 
our stated strategy for the last few years. We will do wholesale through the funds 
that we manage, so maybe our own balance sheet wholesale book might shrink as 
we get more repayments, while we will continue to deploy on those strategies, both 
corporate credit as well as on real-estate credit through the funds that we manage. 
In our wholesale credit strategies we have raised more than $1 billion over the last 
few years and there is quite a bit of un-deployed capital available on that also. So, I 
think the wholesale business in the fund format will continue to grow. The retail 
business on our own balance sheet should continue to maintain its growth, because 
we see lot of opportunity in SME financing, in small ticket home loans and other 
consumer facing businesses. So, with that we think this particular phase will also us 
to highlight and underscore our diversified business model that we have.  
So, with that I come to the end of my part of this, and we will maybe open it up for 
question-and-answer from all of you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We 
have the first question from the line of Viral Shah from Credit Suisse. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
I had two questions. One, if you can give us details of top builder exposures in your 
wholesale mortgage book, so that will actually help us give some light on the kind of 
builders that we are lending to. So, that is my first question, I will ask the second 
one next. 
Rashesh Shah: 
Why don’t you ask the second one, I will answer both of them.  
Viral Shah: 
Sure. So, now that the SRC case seems to be very near to resolution, if you can 
give us some sense of what is the kind of gains that we will be looking at from both 
the ARC as well as from the Edelweiss perspective? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Actually, both the questions, see our approach has always been that we work on a 
portfolio level. And our approach always has been that we look at our portfolio as a 
whole. So, whether it is a credit book or ARC book, there will be some accounts 
which will become NPAs, as we have always stated. Our policy has been not to talk 
about individual accounts, though, as I said with the credit rating agencies and 
others we do showcase our portfolio and our underwriting and the collateral we 
have, and which project we have funded and how we have funded and all that. 
Because what we have found is without having complete color on the process and 
the name, because just the name does not help in getting any color on that, maybe 
you feel that you have got the names but it does not tell you what is the risk and 
reward in the underlying project. We do real-estate projects on an SPV level, we do 
project level control of a very high degree. And even after that, as we have said, a 
few accounts will become NPA. But I think it is not right to speak about any names 
and give individual account wise status. And the same thing applies to Essar Steel 
also, we have always refrained from, if you remember, we had given a calculation 
of how the ARC model works and what could be the portfolio extra profit or carry 
that will come about and not want to talk about individual accounts. Because the 
idea of having a portfolio, the idea of having multiple accounts is to make sure that 
the good and the bad all get balanced out with each other, and the effect is more 
felt on the outcome of the whole portfolio as a whole. So, I think that has been our 
stated policy. 
 
I think a color on the real estate, by giving the names I do not think our investors will 
get any more comfort than they have now, because over the years they have got 

 
Page 8 of 22 
 
confidence in our underwriting capability, but as I said, post-underwriting capability. 
Because it is a large market, we are about 2.5% of the market, and like everybody 
else though currently there is extreme focus and extreme nervousness around this 
segment of the market, we have currently not seen any change in the last four to six 
weeks in that. And our approach is, as an when anything changes on the real-
estate book, we will come and inform investors and analyst on how the book is 
doing as a whole. And I do hope that the investors have faith in our risk 
management capability, on our approach that we have shown over last 10 years 
through demonetization, through GST and all those other upheavals that have been 
there that we underwrite well but we even post-underwrite whenever there is a 
turbulence or there are headwinds, we will know how to manage it.  
Viral Shah: 
Yes. So, basically, we had few peers of ours also who had come out in the calls 
and given the names. So, it was more from that perspective? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Sure, I understand, I think each company follows their own, all companies are not 
the same. Everybody follows their own approach, and we have always followed 
this. I do not think this is the first time, I think about three years ago, five years ago 
also on calls people wanted to know names on individual accounts. And we always 
said that it is not because, it has not been our policy to speak about individual 
accounts, but we obviously showcase all of this when we go through RBI 
inspection, we showcase all of this where people do due diligence on us. And we 
are always comfortable with that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from SBICAP 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Two questions, first one, okay not going to the names, but can you please provide 
some concentration details in both your wholesale lending segment, I mean the 
developer loan as well as the collateralized loan? What percentage do the top-five, 
top-ten constitute? And additionally on the developer, if you can just provide the 
geographical break, which are the top cities and what percentage? And secondly on 
the tax rate, I mean, the higher tax rate is it because the losses are sitting on the 
insurance subsidiary? And if yes, do we expect once the insurance subsidiaries turn 
profitable the effective tax rate going down? Thank you. 
Rashesh Shah: 
I think on the first one we always maintain that in all our wholesale books we have a 
per account cap which is usually 1% of the total book. I think our current account 
cap is about Rs. 400-odd crore per account, our average account is around Rs. 100 
crore to Rs. 150 crore, we have about 60 to 65 accounts on the real-estate book 
and another about 45 – 45 on the corporate book. And it is a fairly well distributed, I 
think the top 10 should end up becoming about 35% to 40% of the total book. And it 
has been steady, it has been the same for last 10 years where there is a tail and 
there are few accounts. But, actually more than the top 10 we look at more per 
account cap, because we always said the per account cap should never be more 
than 1% of our total credit book, which is currently about Rs. 49,000 crore. So, we 
have tried to maintain that as well as we can. And on the tax rate, you are 
absolutely right, I think it is the insurance losses that we have which gives us this 
higher tax rate on the consolidated accounts.  
Avinash Singh: 
In that case, one, if this interest subsidies turn profitable then can you expect the 
effective tax rate to come down? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Actually, not only will it come down, it will actually be better because the insurance 
business will have a carry forward loss, so hopefully it would not pay tax. So, you 
will have profit without tax, currently we have the loss on that where we are not 

 
Page 9 of 22 
 
getting the offset. But I think overall you are right, the tax rate will come down when 
the insurance breaks even.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Subranshu Mishra from Motilal 
Oswal Securities. Please go ahead.  
Subranshu Mishra: 
Sir, just wanted to reiterate on the wholesale mortgage book. Want to understand 
the number of accounts, if you are not giving out the names which would certainly 
give a lot of comfort to the investors, but the number of accounts and where all they 
are domiciled? In specific, how many projects in Bombay, how many projects in 
Bangalore, how many projects in NCR? If that can be done, that is the first 
question. The second question would be around the risk management practices in 
loans against shares, if you can give color to what kind of LTVs and what kind of 
promoter funding is there in loans against shares? 
Rashesh Shah: 
So, first of all on the first one, we are largely present in six markets which is 
Mumbai, including MMR, Mumbai and Pune is about 1/3 of the book, total. Then we 
have NCR, Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. These are the six markets in which 
we are. 
Subranshu Mishra: 
What is the proportion of these? 
Rashesh Shah: 
As I said, I think Mumbai and Pune would be about 1/3, NCR would be about 25% 
to 30% and the balance is distributed across Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad.  
Subranshu Mishra: 
And the number of projects that you can give us in each of the markets? 
Rashesh Shah: 
As I said, I think the number of projects total should be about 60 – 65 projects at 
any point of time.  
Subranshu Mishra: 
And the risk management factor and loans against shares, sir? 
Rashesh Shah: 
On the loan against shares, a large part of the book is what is called ESOP 
financing book, because we are one of the leaders in ESOP funding. So, almost 
75% of the book is ESOP financing, which are to individual high-level executives, in 
banks and others when they exercise the ESOP they borrow against that. The 
balance 25% is also margin funded book, there is no promoter funding or 
promoter’s financing in that book. So, it is call loan against shares, it is mainly for 
our wealth management customers and for ESOP financing. And the LTVs in that 
are approximately about 50% and we have no delinquencies on that, even in this 
entire recent fall and everything there has been no forced liquidation nor has been 
there any NPAs on this book.  
Subranshu Mishra: 
So, have the LTVs somewhat fallen? And you asked for additional shares in this 
period of time.  
Rashesh Shah: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
Sir, how much borrowings was done through the banking channel post September? 
If I collected the number right, overall you raised around Rs. 2,500 crore.  
Rashesh Shah: 
Yes We have got approvals of about Rs. 2,500 crore on the banking channel. We 
also have raised… 

 
Page 10 of 22 
 
S. Ranganathan: 
About Rs. 1,000 crore on the banking itself and about Rs. 1,500 crore in the form of 
commercial papers.  
Rahil Shah: 
So, the bank disbursed around Rs. 1,000 crore to us post September? 
S. Ranganathan: 
That is right.  
Rashesh Shah: 
Maybe from the 24th of September.  
Rahil Shah: 
Yes, post that event. And what is the incremental borrowing cost, both on banks 
and CPs? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Well, it has been about 40 to 50 basis point more than what we would have 
normally paid.  
Rahil Shah: 
And sir your now 40% of the book is large wholesale and to corporate credit. So, 
with this cost of warrants no inching up, so how we are placed in terms of pricing, 
like we would be able to pass on this increase to the new customers or we will look 
out, like, we will slow down on the disbursement? 
Rashesh Shah: 
As we have said, the wholesale book we are increasingly anyway doing it in the 
fund. So, but I think if your question is, is there price elasticity on this? The answer 
is yes, we can pass on this. So, if you see last eight, nine years, our NIMs have 
been fairly steady. In fact, even on the SME book and the small ticket home loans, 
as the cost has gone up we have been able to pass it on. What happens in lot of 
these books you have things like processing charge and all that that you normally 
wave off. When things like this when you want to increase the price, you start 
reducing the waiver on processer charge and adjust your actual yield on that basis. 
So, in investor PPT also we have a slide which has shown our NIM across various, 
on Slide #23 you also see how the NIMs are steady. So, we feel that there are parts 
of our book where price we can pass on. And also remember, our liability is also 
only about 1/3 of our liabilities are getting reprised, all the liabilities are getting 
repriced. Our borrowing is also more than three years at a fixed rate.  
S. Ranganathan: 
85% of our borrowing is above 18 months and plus, so there is no question of 
reprising there any which ways.  
Rahil Shah: 
So, from this level, like from September end you are saying or from FY18 end? 
S. Ranganathan: 
September.  
Rashesh Shah: 
So, as I said, I think what happens when interest rates go up your assets get 
repriced and your liabilities get repriced, and how you manage the asset reprising, 
liability reprising is your entire interest rate sensitivity approach. What we have 
found usually is our NIMs get impacted around 20, 30 basis points, so if you see 
last many years our NIMs have been between around 7.5 and they hover around 
20, 30 basis point above or below that, depending on this interest rate sensitivity 
that is there. And we have always maintained that we will try to maintain NIM at 7.5 
pus minus 0.5, and that is I think achievable in spite of this recent increase in cost 
of borrowing.  
Rahil Shah: 
So, we are not looking to slow down on our disbursement on both of these 
exposures? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Not because of interest rate, but obviously liquidity is the reason everybody has 
slowed down. So, I think for the next five, six months we will continue with retail and 

 
Page 11 of 22 
 
SME. But on the wholesale ones I think overall there might be slowdown until the 
liquidity conditions come back to normal. But as I said, in our case, we were always 
planning to do incremental, a lot of the wholesale now happens in the fund 
structure, so that we will continue on that count. So, I do not think the interest rate 
cost is going to be an issue for any slowdown, I think currently next five, six months 
everybody will be focused on liquidity and calibrate their growth according to 
liquidity available in the market.  
Rahil Shah: 
And sir last question, everyone has concerns on the real-estate exposure, in fact, 
for the entire industry. So, you cannot share the names and all but if you can share 
your underwriting guidelines or something, how you go about giving or sanctioning 
real-estate loans? So, that would be also helpful for us to understand.  
Rashesh Shah: 
I think there are two parts, I think one if underwriting and other is post-underwriting. 
So, underwriting, as I said, we have focus on housing because housing is a self-
liquidating asset. Like infra project where even after you complete the project you 
cannot sell that project, there is no exist available. In housing it is a self-liquidating 
asset, so that is why 95% of our book is in housing. We also make sure almost 
100% of our projects are RERA approved, they are completely RERA approved. 
90% of the projects we are the sole lender, because we have realized that at the 
project level, at an SPV level your risk management is much easier if you control 
the project. And if you do not have other creditors with whom you shared pari-passu 
charge it becomes a lot easier. We also found that apartments or houses which are 
below Rs. 1 crore is where the demand is very strong, actually it is around between 
about Rs. 50 lakhs to Rs. 75 lakhs on an all India basis, and around Rs. 1 crore to 
Rs. 1.5 crore in Mumbai. So, this is the range at which the demand is very robust, 
to 80% of our inventory is below Rs. 1 crore category.  
Rahil Shah: 
How much is your exposure to under construction projects? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Sorry, I do not understand what you mean by under construction, because all 
projects are under construction only, we do not do LRD.  
Rahil Shah: 
Sorry to interrupt, you were explaining.  
Rashesh Shah: 
No, I was just saying that what is important also is over the last 10 years we have 
also built a very robust post-disbursement risk management group where we do 
project management, we have people who have actually worked in real-estate over 
the years, they have run projects who are part of that team. So, we do very active 
monitoring, we do active project management, plus we have sales and distribution 
team which also can sell apartments and homes. And we, I think, on an average 
have sold anywhere between 20 – 30 apartments a month to 40 - 50 apartments 
every month on an ongoing basis. So, we also have sales capability, we have 
project monitoring capability, as well as in our ARC we also have distressed asset 
management capability to ensure that projects get completed. Because in real-
estate, housing especially, we have found that completion of the project is the most 
critical variable. If you complete the project everything gets handled. The amount 
we have sold is about 100,000 square foot per month in the last few months. Our 
own distribution team has sold close to 100,000 square foot every month.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amit Goela from Rare Enterprises. 
Please go ahead.  
Amit Goela: 
Somebody had asked this question and you had said you would not be getting into 
the details, this is about SR. I was just wondering, because the amount involved is 
so large, and since you are the second largest lender over there, what kind of flow 

 
Page 12 of 22 
 
back can happen and what kind of profitability it can come through? I was just 
wondering on that.  
Rashesh Shah: 
See, again, it is not prudent to talk about individual account, economics and 
profitability, because that takes away the focus on the portfolio. And we have said, 
look at this as a portfolio. The total receipts on Essar we will get, you should 
remember, 85 of that belong to banks, because all this are in the Essar structure, 
so most of them we have done 85:15. So, most of the upside that will also come will 
go to the bank, or we will end up getting some incentive and carry that is the as per 
the structure that we get. But I think for us from a cash flow point of view a lot of 
people have asked us, Essar plus Binani, total cash coming in, not profits, but cash 
coming in should be about Rs. 2,500 crore to Rs. 3,000 crore in the next five, six 
months. But overall, I think profit will vary account to account depending on what 
IRR is there and all. And I think as and when it comes it will be reflected in our 
results.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sir, basically three questions from my side. First, on the corporate and the real-
estate business. I am sure you would have done detailed update exercise, how 
comfortable are you about your book, what kind of pain points do you really see? 
And in this backdrop would you be running down the wholesale book? 
Rashesh Shah: 
So, Nischint, I think the wholesale real-estate corporate book is according to us a 
good risk-reward book. But there is always a difference between NPA and actual 
recoveries. And our experience has been that usually recoveries are very high, 
almost 100%, you do not lose money on this deal, but they do have chunky NPAs 
and all. And hence we have always felt that more than NPS structure these kind of 
strategies should move to a fund structure. So, last three, four years we have raised 
parallel funds and our idea was that slowly and steadily we book more and more of 
this into the fund structure, and only keep a small part of that on the NBFC, the co-
invest part on the NBFC. So, we do expect that in our corporate book, I mean, the 
wholesale book both of this put together is about Rs. 20,000 crore, we expect to get 
about Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 crore coming back every year, the average 
tenure is about three to four years. And my expectation is, if we get about 4,000 
crore to Rs. 5,000 crore coming back every year there might be redeploying about 
Rs. 1,000 crore – Rs. 1,500 crore every year because that will be our co-invest 
share for this book. So, this will come down a little bit over the years, but along with 
that we will grow, our ARC book will hopefully continue to grow, and the retail book 
will continue to grow. And that has been a stated strategy for the last three, four 
years of allowing our balance sheet to be more used for retail strategies and using 
funds for more and more wholesale strategies.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
The second thing is, on the entire contagion on the sector, given the fact that real-
estate or developer lending is sort of reused significantly today, and maybe some of 
the NBFCs would have gone significantly slow on the retail side as well, how do you 
see a contagion or risk in the sector and what is the way in which we could come 
out of this? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Sure. I just want to one other thing, if we look at even the loss given default on the 
wholesale real-estate book, it has been about 7.5% on stage three. We have 
provided 7.5% but actual experience has been lower than 1%. So, as I said, you 
may have NPAs but you will have also very high recovery rates in this kind of 
books. I think he contagion issue is an important one, but what happens is at a 
project level there is not much impact on contagion because hardly any project is 
dependent on refinancing. All projects that we have are dependent on project 

 
Page 13 of 22 
 
completion and sales. So, what I think, if there is no incremental funding available 
for real-estate project, then the new projects will not get launched because usually 
you try to do a financial closure when a new project is being launched. So, we will 
see a step back on new projects happening, but on existing projects where the 
financial closure has happened where you have structured it in a way that between 
the cash that has already been invested plus the customer flows and construction 
finance and all, the project will get completed. And that is why I said, as long as 
home loans are happening, as well as home sales are happening, the project will 
get completed. In housing we have seen, when the project gets completed usually 
all your risk gets mitigated, and our average cover is about two times. So, even if 
there is a 5%, 10% fall in pricing it wouldn’t erode the collateral cover too much. So, 
the key is, will home sales continue, will home loans be available for people to buy 
homes, and will the project get completed? Because unlike other parts, here the 
contagion does not affect our particular project, if that project has got its funding in 
place that project will get completed, because even if outside funding is not there 
that project is not impacted by that. And that is why we constantly highlight the fact 
that SPV level management is very-very important. So, there are two parts, I think 
one is at an SPV level, and we saw that in infra also, if a road project got completed 
there was no risk in that. But unlike a road project where there is no liquidity event 
at the end of it, in homes there is a liquidity event because this is a self-liquidating 
asset, because people buy homes, they take home loans to buy homes. So, as long 
as that continues we do not see, in fact, as I said earlier I was truly more worried at 
the demonetization stage because that could have impacted the economy as a 
whole and could have impacted home sales. So, I think at a project level there will 
be some project if there is a funding gap it will struggle to get additional funding, but 
there also there will be ARCs and there will be other stress funds and other funds 
who will provide… and as I said, we are also looking at a fund to provide some last 
mile funding or completion funding for good projects which are stuck. And we have 
done that in a quite a few cases, not only us, other ARCs have also done that with 
malls and hotels and commercial buildings in the past. So, I think in that I do not 
see a big contagion effect for the whole sector as a whole.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just one final question, and this was actually on the asset management side of 
the business. With the regulations changing on mutual fund TERs, how do you 
really see both the asset management and wealth business evolving? And do you 
see a risk that given the fact that there is going to be TERs on mutual funds 
reduced, it could have some rub off in terms of the PMS business as well? Thank 
you. 
Rashesh Shah: 
In fact, if you see our asset management, wealth management, there has also been 
a lot of focus on alternatives. And I think this particular market, this location that is 
happening will shift some of the strategies from NBFCs into alternative funds. 
Because, as I said, advantage with credit funds is that they do not have ALMs and 
they do not have NPA issue because they are not borrowing. So, given that, the 
NPA issues and the ALM issues are not there, as long as the risk reward is good, 
as long as recoveries are there even for projects that go into NPAs, I think the fund 
structure might be a more appropriate one. So, I do think that this will bring about 
more focus on private credit funds or more alternatives. So, both our asset 
management, wealth management, there has been huge focus on alternatives. So, 
I do not think the recent mutual fund changes will affect us much. In fact, after all of 
this settles down, we think this will give a much stronger boost to alternatives, 
especially, alternative credit funds because India needs, historically, we had PSU 
bank providing credit, then we got the private banks, then we got NBFCs and 
HFCs. And I think after this all the recent events we will have the private credit 
funds also providing other kinds of credit. So, different strategies will come through 
different organizations, whether it is NBFCs, HFCs and funds. And I think in our 
asset and wealth management business, we've built a strong franchise. Our 
customer satisfaction rates are very high. And a lot of our customers are looking to 

 
Page 14 of 22 
 
us for innovative products, which happens to alternatives. So, I think mutual funds 
will always be there. But increasingly, for any wealth manager the dependency on 
mutual fund fees will be smaller. And you will be more and more focused on 
alternatives, on brokerage and execution services, and on things like margin 
funding and credit services. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
But would the fees on alternatives also not come down, just because mutual fees 
are coming down as well? 
Rashesh Shah: 
I don't think so. In fact, they will go up, because there will be more demand. 
Because creating an alternative platform will take some time. I think it takes about 
four, five years to build an alternatives platform. Even if you see globally, there is 
Blackrock, which is a big mutual fund outfit, while there is Blackstone, which is a big 
alternatives outfit. So, I think the age of alternatives is upon us. And alternative has 
its own requirement of skills and capabilities in building the platform. So, I currently 
do not see that alternatives fees will come down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kushant Parekh from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead.  
Kushant Parekh: 
This is Jignesh here. One of the question has just been asked on this mutual fund 
part, this TER getting reduced. So, I understand that the alternatives would be 
compensating for you. But overall, what is your look, what is your view on this entire 
episode of the TER shrinking out here? Do you think this is overall going to impact 
brokerages or even wealth advisers to cut down the cost and to shift towards, not 
only alternatives or to have a lesser focus? I mean, even mutual funds would be 
cutting down on the wealth advisers or going for more direct. What's your overall 
view on this, not only for Edelweiss? That's my first question. 
Rashesh Shah: 
Sure. I think, overall, you are right. I think what will happen, volumes will go up, fees 
and commission will come down. That has been the trend everywhere in the world 
and even in India. And you will use a lot more technology, training and scale 
benefits to compensate and get higher profitability. The same thing applies to even 
the mutual funds itself. I think you will look at most of the mutual funds, their overall 
fees may come down, which came and technology and economies of scale, their 
profits might go up. So, I think we see the next 10 years on that line only that as 
long as, because India is still scaling up well, we see household wealth going up by 
$500 billion, $600 billion a year. And the banks are flushed with a lot of liquidity, so 
the bank rates may not go up. And as a result of that people will look for ease, 
which will come to mutual fund, which will come to insurance companies and will 
come to alternatives funds as you go along. So, I think we have seen that in the 
brokerage industry also commissions coming down, scale going up and cost 
coming down because of use of technology and economies of scale. And I think 
that will be the name of the game going forward. 
Kushant Parekh: 
My second question is pertaining to your, not quite specifically to the developer  
finance from your side, but now obviously there has been a crunch and you are 
seeing one of the lead has, like Supertech, has already announced that there has 
been some stress. Do you think this scenario is getting built whereby over 
leveraged developer or there could be a cycle of default might happen or there 
would be one large guy or a couple of large guys might see a stress and a chain of 
default starts from the developer side? Now, I just want your view more as industry 
perspective rather than just from Edelweiss point of view. Do you think there is a 
probability building up that if this scenario continues the next another, say, 30 days 
or 60 days, there will be some large default might happen over the developer 
finance side? 

 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Rashesh Shah: 
Again, as I said earlier, we should remember, most of the real-estate project 
financing is at an SPV level. Very few people are doing holdco funding. Everybody 
is doing financing at a project level. Most of the financiers can control the project. 
We have changed developer from one developer to another on a particular project 
who could not execute. Even today, a lot of the large developers are always in 
touch with us that if any of your project in stuck, they are happy to come in as what 
is called a development partner, DP model it is called. So, I think it is very important 
because there is a lot of misunderstanding and misinformation on these contagion 
effect and if a guy defaults, will everybody. Because most of the credit is at a 
project level, the project is very insulated. Because as long as that project gets 
completed, it has no connection or no correlation with anything else on the funding 
side with other people. If a developer defaults on one project, he might still be able 
to continue on the other project if the financial closure and sales of that project are 
going well. In the early days, there was this problem typically for developer was 
feeling cash crunch in one project he would take money out of other project and put 
it out here, and that was the largest risk until a couple of years ago that the 
contingent within the developers, if a developer is doing 8 projects and he is 
struggling on one project, slowly and steadily all the eight projects will start feeling 
the financial crunch because he will be moving money from one to another. The 
good news is, now with the new law, the developer cannot move money from one 
project to another. 70% of the cash flow of the project has to remain at the project 
level under law. It is a criminal offense to take money out of the project. And all the 
cases you hear, whether it is Amrapali, whether it is Unitech, whether it is JP, all of 
them, a lot of them are cases where money was taken out of a project to fund 
something else. What we have found is as long as the money is in the project and 
the project gets completed, the risk is lower. So, I think the new law is a very 
important one. And our real confidence in this whole business has got underscored 
after the law was passed, because earlier every creditors, like all of us, had to do 
project monitoring at a very intense level, because we needed to make sure. So, I 
remember when demonetization happened, we were extremely paranoid. And we 
were constantly looking, saying, "Will any developer take money out of the project 
we have funded in to some other project?" So, we were intensely focused on that 
because at that time the law was not there. Once the law is in place now, now we 
know that it will be a criminal offense for anybody to try that. So, I think, this 
currently, the market is very spooked and there is this whole theory going on that all 
the real-estate projects will fall one by one after each other. But the good news on 
real-estate is that every project is independent, every project is insulated, every 
project is ring fetched. And as long as the project, and that's why I keep on harping 
that 95% of the projects we are the sole creditor where we can decide, we can 
change the developer, we can bring in some fund, we provide last-mile funding, we 
can cut prices and force him to sell more inventory. All of that can be done if you 
have control of the SPV and at the project level. 
Kushant Parekh: 
Just to add on this, this was really helpful, but just to add on. Do you think a 
consolidation in the developer or the real-estate sector is most likely, over the next 
three to five years you see a consolidation happening and very selected players 
getting very strong, or much stronger than what it is right now? Do you think that 
kind of scenario building up? And then, more of developer finance guys are having 
more exposure towards those limited guys. Do you see such kind of scenario 
happening? Why I am coming to this is because this particular segment looks to be 
most vulnerable from the market perspective. But if NBFCs wont fund them, we are 
not seeing overall growth in the economy coming. I mean, it is a very important 
segment overall for the economy. So, I am asking that you see that here is a 
consolidation happening in the sector? 
Rashesh Shah: 
I think it has been going on for the last few years. But if we look at anywhere in the 
world, it is like any services business, you look at IT services, look at financial 
services, you look at real-estate, it is not a very oligopolistic market. There are not 

 
Page 16 of 22 
 
only five players, because India is a large market and every city is different. So, I do 
think consolidation was anyway under way, because in the last five, six, seven 
years, a lot of the small developers who were doing one project here and one 
project there, were either becoming insignificant or were getting marginalized. But I 
think what will happen most likely is the weaker developers who have a good 
project will partner with the stronger ones. I think this entire development partner 
model, and if you look around there have been so many cases of that already in the 
last three, four years were strong developers they don't bring their capital, because 
everybody has only limited amount of capital. One of the biggest constraints for an 
oligopolistic industry is how much capital can we put to work. No development can 
say I will bring in $10 million to work on that, because you need capital to do 
projects. So, I think a lot of the slightly weaker developers who have good projects, 
who have got the land, who have got the approval but may not have the brand 
name and the execution capability, they will partner with the stronger names. And it 
has happened with us also. In a lot of cases where a developer approached us, and 
we said, no, we can't fund you, but we will introduce you to so and so. If that builder 
is willing to partner with you, we will fund you, and then we will fund the project. And 
we have done at least about 10 to 12 cases of that, where we have said good 
project but we also need a good development partner for us to be comfortable to 
fund the project. 
Kushant Parekh: 
Just last one from my side. Your overall adequacy at a constant level has almost 
reduced from 19.5% in December to close to 16.1%. Pardon me if my numbers are 
a bit here and there. But what is your take over this 16% sort of adequacy? Do you 
think the capital raising would be a little faster, little earlier than what you are 
projecting? Any view over capital raising or selling some stake or something like 
that? That is it from my side. 
Rashesh Shah: 
I think the 16% would be higher by just 0.5 percentage points or more, because we 
are currently holding a lot of cash in the mutual funds. And mutual funds carry 
100% risk weighted or G-sec, which carries 0% risk weighed. So, as a result of that, 
and we also have some FDs in bank’s which carry, I believe sort of 20% risk 
weighted. Because as we are holding a lot of cash, I think everybody is just holding 
cash for all the future obligations. And this cash has been invested in mutual funds. 
And also part of that is the risk weighted on the cash we are holding, if you convert 
this into treasury bills or G-secs, the capital adequacy will go to between 16.5% to 
17% very quickly. 
Kushant Parekh: 
Okay. Do you plan to raise capital? I mean, any plan which you made, I mean, what 
will be your expected period by when you will need capital to sustain 30% sort of 
growth? 
Rashesh Shah: 
We have always maintained that first half of 2020, fiscal 2020 which is the next 
year between April to October, we will raise capital. We have always indicated that 
and that has been part of our growth strategy. And we think we will continue with 
that. Because as I said this turbulence will die down and there will be growth 
opportunities and growth opportunities will require capital. So, I think we are maybe 
about one year or three, four quarters away from there.  
Kashyap 
Sir, this is Jignesh’s colleague Kashyap here, if I can squeeze in two quick 
questions. One, you have mentioned about the development of financing is that 
whenever there is even a problem at a project specific level there are multiple 
options available to you which is to change the developer or a forceful of inventory. 
One question that when that happens, do you believe that there is a contagion on 
the real estate asset prices down the line if this does not get unjammed in it let us 
say next two, three months? That is quarter number one, what happens to the real 
estate prices then? And question number two is that if you look at slide number #16 
in your Presentation, the second one, Point number C which is the historical 

 
Page 17 of 22 
 
recovery of default cases, there is 84% cash recovery and then rest is in the other 
assets. If you could share your experiences in this rest in the other assets kind of 
recovery, was there any revision in the asset prices, you might have recovered 
your full money but was there any haircut on the part of the owner of the asset?     
Rashesh Shah: 
Yes, I think the first question you said will there be a contagion on real estate 
pricing and people will cut price. I think the good news is that the last 5 years prices 
have actually not gone up but actual come down. As a result of that, I do not think 
there will be indiscriminate cutting of pricing but there will be structuring that will 
happen, I think people will take more cash up front and we believe to reduce the 
price for that. I think that will definitely I mean the outcome of this liquidity will be 
the more cash you are willing to pay upfront, the more you can get a lower price. 
But I do not see our price was breaking out because 5 years prices have not gone 
anywhere, and the actual demand is there. So, I think people will try to incentivize 
more cash payments rather than just indiscriminate price war out there. On the 
second thing, when we say 84% cash recovery and rest in other assets, very often 
we have either personal guarantee, or we have other assets that are pledged with 
us, we can take that also over and liquidate that. So, I think at project level we have 
been able to recover 84% money but then after that, we use other ways of 
recovering, so up till now we have recovered 100% of the money. But as I said you 
know these are the businesses where NPA’s very chunky NPA with low loss given 
default and that is why a fun model usually works very well.  
Kashyap 
Actually my question was that rest in the other assets if there was any forced sale 
of inventory what was your experience over there? If at all there was a forced sale 
of inventory?  
Rashesh Shah: 
See there is no forced sale of inventory. What you do is, you take inventory and 
then you liquidate in a structured way, so in some project, you will get money and 
then you will end up taking 3 flats or 4 flats and then you will use your distribution 
team to sell over a period of time. But in your book, the movement you have taken 
the flat at a discounted rate, you have at least known that the recovery has been 
done and you can close that account and go forward and then you can take your 
time sell. So, there is no such thing as forced liquidation, you have to do it very 
sensitively. But usually, this Rs. 1 crore and below is a very priced elastic market. 
So, you tweak it a little bit, you give a little bit of extra, you do not charge, what is 
called the plus-plus which is the flow rise and all and you can actually move 
inventories fairly significantly because this is the market where 4% - 5% fall in 
pricing can lead to change in demand, it is a very price elastic market.  
Kashyap 
And when you said, you do 95% sole financer, would you do end-to-end project 
financing start from the start point till the last floor is built?  
Rashesh Shah: 
No, usually, we come after the land and the approval has been done. Usually in 
way this works that the land and up to the approval stage, our equity and equity like 
the developer puts his equity, we have some equity partner, some equity funds 
coming there and after that we do what is called project funding then there is 
construction financing, and then there are actual sales that happened. So, usually, 
coming at a project finance stage and either we do construction financing or help 
them get banks to fund construction finance which is usually a smart part. But at 
the project stage, we are the only financer.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Garg from L&T Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Vikas Garg 
Thanks for taking the question. On the slide number #40 of the PPT, it says that 
the liquidity question on balance sheet is somewhere around Rs. 3,300 odd crore 

 
Page 18 of 22 
 
and then on the slide number #46 it again say that the cash in liquid assets are Rs. 
6,900 crore or so where the break-up is again given in the below over there. So, 
there is an additional cash in liquid assets to the extent of Rs. 3,700 odd crore as 
we speak? Thank you very much.   
Rashesh Shah: 
Yes. We actually differentiate between liquidity question and treasury assets. So, 
the other part that you highlighted very correctly are the treasury assets. Treasury 
assets can be in form of you know either G-sec or cash which are arbitrage or 
things like that. Usually the Treasury assets or sort of the charge that we give to 
banks while the liquidity question is free of any charge or any encumbrances from 
anybody. So, what we call liquidity question is the cash that is available to us which 
has no charge to anybody. Treasury assets since they are part of the same entity 
in which banks have given loans, they have a floating charge on that but the 
treasury assets also liquid assets, we can raise cash against that. So, what you are 
seeing is A plus B.      
Vikas Garg 
Okay. So, will it be safe to assume that the A size of it the cash liquid assets you 
would already have some kind of the borrowing against that one-to-one in a way 
that if you were to unwind all those assets, liquid assets, so one-to-one your debt 
side also would come down to that extent, while the on balance sheet Rs. 3,300 
crore is completely encumbrance. In a way, there is no one-to-one matching of the 
debt side on that book.  
Rashesh Shah: 
No, actually even treasury assets except for CBLO that we had shown that is only 
back-to-back borrowing that is there. Outside of that, there is no back-to-back 
borrowing. So, the treasury assets are liquid assets but they have a floating charge 
of the banks who have given loans into that entity. So, it is not a back-to-back at all, 
it is a liquid asset. So, you can for liquidity purposes, it is immediate cash available 
to us. If you have to raise cash tomorrow against it, we can raise it but as I said the 
liquidity question has no encumbrances or charge even a floating charge against it, 
it is completely out of that.  
Vikas Garg 
Okay. Yes, that is very helpful. And if you can just also give broad nature of this 
liquidity question of Rs. 3,600 crore, is it like a pure cash which is sitting or it would 
be into some liquid investments or something?  
Rashesh Shah: 
Okay. It will be in Mutual Funds, it will be in Government Securities, it will be in 
FD’s and banks. We have the details of that on Page #40.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from Credit Suisse. 
Please go ahead.     
Sunil Tirumalai 
Hi, a follow-up from Sunil Tirumalai from Credit Suisse. Sir, your NPA number has 
been creeping up 1.78% seems to be kind of an all-time high. On a fast-growing 
book, such a rise in slippages is a bit worrying and especially if you are talking 
about slow down now, through the percentage number it is likely to go up even 
faster. So, can you give some color, which segments are driving the rise in NPA’s 
and what is your outlook on that? Thank you.  
Rashesh Shah: 
See, overall we have said as per model that we have, our overall NPA’s, gross 
NPA at 2% and that net at 1% has been our guidance going forward. So, we are in 
that range itself. And as we are growing, retail NPA’s are slightly lower, the 
wholesale NPA’s we think hover between 2% to 2.5%. But as I said NPA with a 
very low loss given default on that while the retail NPA’s or the gross NPA’s are 
around 100 basis points to 120 basis points, because there is a large housing 
finance book also on that. So, overall our weighted average with the mix that we 
have, we always said the model should be round 2% gross NPA and 1% net NPA 

 
Page 19 of 22 
 
and we should be able to stay there. As the mix undergoes the change this will 
change a little bit, but we do not the structural basis see a big change in the mix, it 
might happen for a quarter couple of thousand crore of loan against shares stay 
back. But overall, we think retail will continue to grow and become larger and larger 
part of the total book since the retail NP’s are around 100 basis points lower than 
wholesale NPA’s we think this model will continue in this range itself.   
Sunil Tirumalai 
Okay. And my next question is again going back to the real estate book where you 
said you have fairly tight considerable and oversight into the project level. Would 
you have information on the buyers of homes in that project? I mean, do they 
normally buy without financing or how much financing is done by banks? I mean, 
how many of them buy through home loans given out by banks or HFC’s? Some 
color on that would be helpful.  
Rashesh Shah: 
So, I just also wanted to add on the asset cover you had said, we have also 56% 
provisioning that we have taken on our with NPA’s that you are referring to and 
actually this is slightly higher than the loss given default that we actually expect. 
So, I think we have always followed the methodology of you know I think NPA 
providing for it and I think some question on that. So, we hope that we have 
maintained the recovery rates that we have maintained over the years. On the 
home loan, I think most of almost 80% - 90% of home loans of this project are with 
a home loan. So, there will be very rarely apartments in this project which are sold 
without a home loan and home loan market has been about 55% by banks and 
about 45% non-banks which include HDFC and others also. So, if there is a 
slowdown in home loans yes some of the housing finance companies, I do not 
think it will materially impact the overall profile. In fact, on every project that we 
have funded there are usually 3 or 4 home loan companies which have a stall here. 
Very often there will be PNB Housing, there will be HDFC, and there might be 
State Bank. So, usually every project has about 3 or 4 housing finance providers 
who are also at the project itself.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Please go ahead.     
Dhwanil Desai 
I have three questions. The first question is on the liability side I think with the way 
things have moved I think one thing is emerging that Mutual Fund have been 
lending to NBFC’s and almost 35% - 40% concentration kind of number. So, that 
number may eventually come down from the risk mitigation for Mutual Fund guys. 
So, how do we see our liability strategy changing going forward? Are we going to 
do anything different to ensure that we have a lot more diversified process of 
funding, if you can throw light on that? My second question is, with respect to our 
Asset Management and Wealth Management business, I understand that our 
capital market business is quite cyclical with operating leverage playing out on both 
the sides but how is the case in terms of Wealth Management and Asset 
Management business? I mean are they also as closely link to capital markets or 
are they kind of rightly the co-relation is slightly on the lower side? And the third 
question is, in the wake of the recent dynamics and our intent to preserve liquidity 
and kind of flow on the growth side, how do should we look at our guidance or 
aspiration of growing our profit at 25% to 35%? That is it from me, sir.  
Rashesh Shah: 
So, I think on the first one, if you see slide number #42, on the Investor PPT, we 
have shown that Mutual Funds are totally about 32% of our total borrowing but 
about half is from CP and half is from NCD. So, I think the NCD is the more 
important and I think CP is a smaller part of the problem because the total outside 
in CP’s as I said even if they shrink by half, it would not change much overall for 
the industry as a whole. Of course, if your profits were depended on the ALM 
arbitrage using CP then your profit will get impacted. But as I had clarified earlier, 
we had never used the commercial paper for an ALM arbitrage business model. 

 
Page 20 of 22 
 
So, if you see on that side, you will see the retail has been 17% of our total 
borrowing, this was the retail NCD’s and bonds that we issue. Our long-term target 
of retail is about 25%. So, if you asked me it should be about 30% banks, about 
25% retail, another 15% NCD’s maybe about 5% to 8% commercial paper, and 
balance would be others like Insurance Company and International Borrowing. So, 
I think part of the Mutual Funds will get replaced with retail on a longer-term basis, 
which might have a slightly higher cost but will be more than longer-term and more 
stable. We have always kept banks at between 35% to 40% all the years and that 
will continue to remain that because I think having that part of your borrowings from 
the bank and this is across quite a few banks, is also another source of stability 
which has underscored in this time also. So, I think overall having that mix will 
continue. On the cyclicity of our asset management, wealth management business 
a lot of our Asset Management is (a) alternatives; and (b) in credit. So, the equity 
markets cyclicity does not affect it as much, of course, right now the credit markets 
also going through at upheaval. But for them actually there will be more 
opportunities in that as a lot of credit starts to move away from NBFC’s, also starts 
to move away from Mutual Fund into the private credit funds. I think last part of this 
problem happened is because of the mutual fund’s exposure to IL&FS because the 
investors at mutual fund are comfortable taking interest rate risk but not are 
comfortable in taking credit risk. So, whenever there is a credit risk like what 
happened with IL&FS Investors in mutual fund gets spooked. So, I think as a result 
of that the credit risk part of it, the credit risk and credit reward will decide then 
increasingly go towards alternative credit funds and that has been our hypothesis 
for many years and I think that hypothesis will get accelerated with this recent 
development in the market. In terms of liquidity, yes, we are all conserving liquidity, 
going slightly slow on growth and I think for the next couple of quarters, for 
everybody growth might take a backseat but on the longer-term it would not 
change much and fortunately everybody had good growth in the first-half, so a little 
bit of scaling back of growth in the second-half which to just adapt and adjust to the 
liquidity environment will actually be more prudent also. So, we have actually 
refrained from giving a very concretize guideline on what the real numbers will be. 
We do expect that Q3 - Q4 some growth shave off is inevitable because everybody 
is going to hold cash just be on the safe side. But I think once things come back to 
normal, especially given a lot of our growth in credit was coming from the retail side 
and we see opportunities on that. We see opportunity on wholesale but as we have 
always said wholesale will more and more be captured by the fund strategy and on 
other parts like Asset Management, Wealth Management, capital market 
insurance, we think there are no real structural changes as a result of this.  
Dhwanil Desai 
So, the trajectory of 25% to 35% on a longer-term basis does not change with a 
fact that the quarter will be just say a couple of quarters you may soft on the both 
side is that a right understanding?  
Management 
Absolutely.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jigar Shah from Maybank. Please 
go ahead.     
Jigar Shah 
My question is largely answered but would like to know from you on the second-
half what is the outlook considering the scenario that is prevailing and particularly 
which sector positive for the sector as well as retail wise and factor negative for the 
sector and Edelweiss should be kept in mind especially for the next 6 months?  
Rashesh Shah: 
I think I have given the answer. It is the same thing. I think the next 6 months 
depending on how quickly things come back to normalcy, people will hold cash and 
actually holding cash is an expensive thing, right? Then estimate you are currently 
holding about Rs. 7,000 crore to Rs. 8,000 crore equivalent of cash and cash 
equivalents that is not a very profitable you activity. So, I think the next 5 months or 

 
Page 21 of 22 
 
6 months growth will get shaved off I do not know how much because it depends 
on how much the markets come back to normalcy, how quickly they will come back 
and what happens, the interest rates and others. But I think, fortunately over the 
next couple of years, we also have some tailwind on our ARC business because 
ARC recoveries will happen and with recoveries, some carry and some incentive 
income will also come by. So, if there is some adjustment in profitability is one part, 
hopefully, it will get adjusted and that underscores or diversified model that we 
have. The same thing if at all, this real estate financing risk and everybody has 
been articulating, if it becomes real then ARC will have the opportunity because 
ARC will be able to fund some distress real estate projects and provide last-mile 
funding and all. So, our diversified model allows us that every challenge can also 
be an opportunity and every threat get converted into some part of the business will 
capitalize. So, I think as a result of this dislocation, ARC and our asset 
management the private credit business will clearly see some benefits and 
opportunities out of this.     
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead.      
Abhijeet Sakhare 
Sir, I had few micro questions on the alternatives business. So, just broad 
guidelines on what is the typical life of these funds are these typically close-ended 
funds? What is our contribution? Is it all in the form of equity? What is the fees 
structure like, what is the hurdle rate? And since, this is a credit fund how does the 
NPL recognition work? So, broad thoughts on these lines.  
Rashesh Shah: 
So, these funds are usually structured like your private equity fund, they are on 
calling basis. So, you are calling money when you do the details and you also may 
not repay the money as the exit happens. So, it is like induction of private equity 
structure funds though you do credit strategies on this. So, they are usually about 
between five years to seven years, usually, our four years phase has a two year 
exit phase. But different funds, a different life, we also have funds with 10 years 
also. The Infra Yield Fund is a 10 year fund. We do not invest into the fund. The 
fund invests with us. So, when we do say an Rs. 200 crore detail and if at all, 20% 
is supposed to be ours then from our NBFC invest Rs. 40 crore as one credit deal 
and the same deal, the fund will invest remaining Rs. 160 crore. So, we do not 
invest our money into the fund, we fund co-invest on credit details along with us. 
But the fund operates independently, we have a formula that it will be 80%-20% or 
in some funds, it is 90%-10%; that 10% is our part of the deal and the other 90% is 
the fund part of the deal. So, different funds are structured differently, they are all 
co-investments because the investors in that fund, want to invest alongside us. 
They have seen our books, they have seen our strategy, they have seen our 
capabilities and they are saying that we want to alongside you, so if you are doing 
a deal and putting Rs. 20, want to put Rs. 80 along with that and participate in that 
fund strategy. And usually, on a fund we make a fee and carry off about 3%, about 
half comes a regular fee and the other half comes as a carry when you exit. So, as 
you exit, you have a threshold return there is a hurdle rate. And what you make 
about the hurdle rate, the hurdle rate is usually a rupee rate and whatever you 
make above that, you get a carry on that. So, on an average, you end up making 
between 2.5% to 3.5% annualized fees of that but you get half of that as a normal 
fee, management fees and other half comes as a carry.  
Abhijeet Sakhare 
Okay. And the NPL recognition is like normal NBFC basis, right?  
Rashesh Shah: 
So, on our part it is on NBFC side, an NBFC, the fund is like an AIF or a close-
ended fund. So, it has no NPA importing requirement.  
Management 
You value the instrument.  

 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Rashesh Shah: 
But the instrument will get valued if there is an impairment. So, it is not just NPA 
but NPA and loss given default, it gets adjusted in the NAV valuation of the fund.  
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Rashesh Shah: 
So, I want to thank all of you for being there I mean, there is so much that has 
happened since the last call we had. So, truly happy to interact with all of you, 
grateful that all of you have taken time also not only on this call but even offline 
giving us inputs, asking us questions and I would hope that we continue these 
entire actions. Please do contact us, me and my colleagues whether you contact 
Ramya, Salil anybody in our stakeholder relations team, we will be happy to get 
feedback from you but also answer your queries, whatever you have. Thank you 
very much  
Moderator 
Thank you. On behalf of Edelweiss Financial Services Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
