 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 
 
 
Scrip Code: 540879                  
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earn
Analyst/ Investors on the
Company for the Quarter E
We refer to our letter date
Conference call with the A
performance of the Comp
Scheduled on 02nd Novem
In this regard we herewi
as required under Regulati
Obligations & Disclosure R
We request you to kindly ta
Thanking You  
Yours Faithfully 
For Apollo Micro Systems
 
 
Vitta Chaitanya Siva Shanka
Company Secretary & Comp
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
 
 
Date:
, 
001 
National Stock Exchang
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Blo
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 40
     Symbol: APOLLO                                        
ning Conference Call held on 2nd Nove
e Un-audited Financial Results and p
Ended September 30, 2018 (Q2FY19)  
ed 01st November, 2018 regarding the in
Analyst/Investors on the Un-audited f
pany for the Quarter Ended September
mber, 2018 at 5.00 P.M (IST) 
ith enclosed the transcript of the Earn
ion 30 of the Securities and Exchange Bo
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
ake the above information on records. 
Limited 
ar 
liance Officer 
14th November, 2018 
ge of India Ltd., 
ock G, 
00 051 
 ISIN: INE713T01010 
mber, 2018 with the 
performance of the 
ntimation of Earning 
financial results and 
r 30, 2018 (Q2FY19) 
ning conference call 
oard of India (Listing 
V C SIVA 
SHANKAR
Digitally signed by V C SIVA SHANKAR 
DN: cn=V C SIVA SHANKAR, c=IN, 
st=ANDHRA PRADESH, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=eebff98b600edf86a3e785ceeb26
790993626934585a857cca4a937eb962a80d 
Date: 2018.11.14 09:13:02 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Apollo Micro Systems Limited Q2 FY19Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November02, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA SAI KUMAR ADDEAPALLI – DIRECTOR 
MR. CHILUVERU SUDARSHAN – CFO 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q2 FY19 EarningsConference Callof 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited. We have with us on the call today Mr. Sai Kumar, Director, 
Mr. Chiluveru Sudarshan CFO.As a reminder,all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing 
“*”then“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
nowhand the conference over to Mr. Sai Kumar Director Apollo Micro Systems Limited. 
Thank you and over to you,sir. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I welcome all for the announcement and discussion for the Q2 Results. We are very happy that 
we have posted a good tremendous growth in the Q2 compared to the previous year and overall 
H1 figures as well. And Board is very happy to look at the results and at the same time we 
have also announced interim dividend in this quarter for the overall performance and taking 
also into the confidence that investors have bestowed upon us. So, I will not drag it much. I 
would request if you have any queries you can quickly ask so that we would be able to answer 
it. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Vishal Bajaj from Bajaj Shares and Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Bajaj: 
I have only two questions. Now going forward are you looking for total turnover of more than 
260 crores, 270 crores if the progress of this Q2 continuous and second question is the order on 
hand which are to be executed by 18-19 can you tell about that? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Firstly, I would like to say most of the results are not annualized results this we have been 
talking right from the beginning the day from when we got listed also we told very clearly that 
our results are never an annualized results, but the trend at which the last four quarters have 
gone it will be a similar kind of trend on an up. I would not be able to throw any figure in a 
speculation that this year we would be able to post so much in terms of both top line or a 
bottom-line, but as far as each Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 is concerned the momentum with which the last 
year how it would be it would be a similar kind of a momentum that is point one. Point two we 
are very shortly going to announce, we are expecting one good project it is almost repeat 
project from one of our customer so we are waiting it for quite long time so once it comes you 
want to announce the consolidated order book which was going to happen very shortly mostly 
post the festive we are expecting the order to be officially be announced. Okay once it gets 
announced we will announce it in the market along with the cumulative order book that we 
have. So, at that point of time it would be open to everybody. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhaskar Kalyanam from Minasa Management Consultant. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
Bhaskar Kalyanam: 
I have three questions. Question one is looking at the industry of the defence sector it is a 
industry likebig oceans so many players are there and moreover it is a public 
sectorunderstanding we cannot do much, research forexactly what is the life cycle of each 
products and how much orders are coming I just want you throw light on the offset 
government, offset policy what is the latest stand of how much percentage coming back to 
India from whatever International purchase government is doing that is one thing and is there 
any benchmark like the percentage of cost of sale of each OEMs in this PSE will stand in 
electronic system design and manufacturingthis is my first question? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
It is very difficult to ascertain what is the quantum of electronics within the offset or something 
because the demography of it keeps changing based on the different types of projects that are 
being announced in offset which got announced very long back, but still the offset obligations 
are not made by most of the OEMs and some of the offset base contract that are getting 
released and it is not so easy. Although a lot of different, different figures are being given by 
various consulting firms both from the ministry of Defence and lot of research firms and all, 
but the exact percentile is all depends finally when the offset is actually met and the offset is 
recorded on individual OEMs. So, whatever the figures that are coming out both from the 
researched firms and various other things actually those are not any benchmark kind of 
percentage in terms of percentage or any other thing, there are only ballpark figures the 
variation could be ranging from 15% to 20%, 25% also if compared to what most of the people 
are posting. So, I do not think it would be of great relevance, but the way it has to be 
understood is that the latest DPP as a policy there are continuous changes that are coming in 
terms of the offset particularly as a Make in India then both the design as well as 
manufacturing in India variety of kind of clauses are coming and amendments are coming on 
day-to-day basis, but the idea that we have to understand here is that lot of contracts are getting 
opened and now there is a lot of pressure from the government that offset obligations have to 
be met by all the OEMs otherwise their future is not going to be great here in the country. So, 
the momentum has got caught and it is going to be very bright. I think I would like to talk it on 
a surface level instead of talking in numbers because the numbers are actually not correct 
which are mostly published, and the most important point is that as the day stands we are not 
in offsets so I would prefer not to talk much deeper on that. 
Bhaskar Kalyanam: 
My question is like in automobiles percentage of cost of sales goes to paints like that is this 
OEMs of the defence sector how much percentage spend on ESDM Electronic System Design 
Manufacturing is there any rough idea so that we can calculate the demand for the company 
like yours? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Can I take this question at the end of the session there is something that we have combined 
earlier I can try to share it with yourself. 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
Bhaskar Kalyanam: 
Regarding the industry seeking coming to your quarterly financial it is good that quarter-on-
quarter is growing, but I think it is more of a seasonal nature one quarter will be good, one 
quarter will be little bit less because of your long term contract, but when I am looking at your 
EBITDA margin so there is a sudden spurt in the margin of the latest quarter it comes to nearly 
6% whereas in the last three quarter it is hardly 1% to 2% is there any specific reason why 
EBITDA margin shooted up in this quarter? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Some of the projects which we expected to get closed in last financial year March 18 there was 
a small shift in the execution actually which did not happen in the first quarter and it got 
slipped in the second quarter actually. So, most of them were in a WIP phase and the execution 
happened in the Q2 so I think that actually gave an impact of it? 
Bhaskar Kalyanam: 
One little observation just look at your margin your cost of material whether it is annually or in 
quarterly it is mostly 80% to 90% of your sales figure in the last four year or in your last four 
quarter but this quarter observed is hardly around 60% to 70% like 78 crore top line and cost of 
material is only 48 crore, so why there is a sudden drop in your percentage on sales regarding 
your cost of materials? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
So, you mean to say the cost of materials percentage is improved is what your question. 
Bhaskar Kalyanam: 
Yeah because of that the margin has increased why there is a drop-in percentage of cost of 
material? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
That is what my answer was actually some of the projects which supposed to get executed last 
financial year in the month of March there was a slippage on it because already the 
procurement of those were there and which got combined with few more other similar kinds of 
projects so there was an optimization actually. So, overall cost of material what you call 
significantly cost towards the material consumption got reduced actually. 
Bhaskar Kalyanam: 
Can you name the client is it possible to tell the name of the client? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No sir. 
Bhaskar Kalyanam: 
Are you planning for any kind of acquisition in this SME sector so that you can grow in bigger 
in this space? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
We are actively talking sir something meaningful strike definitely we are going to clinch it 
actively we are in discussion with few companies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Sharma as an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I would like to beg to differ with the other participants that the results have actually been good 
because if you exclude the other income component the EBITDA margin actually down 
sharply and the profit before tax is also down and only because of certain tax adjustment we 
made we record an increase in profit. My second question is that there is a sharp jump in the 
receivable position and the working capital situation is in fact deteriorated compared to even 
31 March 2018 and sir thirdly I attended L&T conference call yesterday and they were saying 
the defence orders are down sharply from the government and they did not give any kind of 
positive indicators in terms of any of these things going forward, so if you would address these 
questions? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Mr. Rajesh I will come from the backwards there is no comparison with the platform 
manufactures like L&T their contracts are purely depend on so many other demography and 
there is no comparison between the platform manufactures and our kind of companies. I mean 
to say in pockets in different areas and we are not depended on a single platform or any kind 
ofa specific program over which there is an anchoring of our business happening. So, in that 
way the announcement which the other company does particularly the platform manufacturers 
to kind of our business there is a lot of difference there is no comparison point one. Point two 
is that you have specifically mentioned that as far as the other income is concerned if the other 
income is removed then there is going to be a significant change in or fall in the profit. The 
earlier tax adjustment of 52.5 lakhs is there that is the only thing that is going to actually 
majorly affect the profits where we have given an earlier there was a provision for it and that 
provision we have done an additional provision that additional provision has got opened up but 
otherwise the cumulative if you see H1 results comparatively it is much better than the last 
year H1 results. You can once again revisit your question on that that is another thing. 
I think the L&T this thing is what I answered. Another point is that there is nothing like a 
different kind of projections in the defense. We are entering a phase of what you call election 
year for which maybe the platform manufacture could have a problem but we are working on 
lot of strategic programs and there is no issue as far as political scenario or maybe an election 
or budgeting or such kind of issues that will come into giving any kind of serious impact over 
the business and we have also working on some non-defense business so which will also 
further anchor to our business and we are working on BTB program and strategic program. 
There are different areas where we are working and overall the scenario is positive as far as 
Apollo Micro System is concerned and as such we are not comparing ourselves with big giants 
like particularly a platform manufactures that is what I wanted to say. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Sir would you give any kind of guidance in terms of revenue for the year? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I have answered first question which another participant has asked Mr. Rajesh that the 
momentum with which we have recorded our business in the previous financial year the 
similar momentum would be there on a quarter-on-quarter basis and on an escalated basis so 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
this financial year is also is what we are expecting. I may not be able to throw any specific 
figure or keep you in a speculation, but I think the results that we have posted last year on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis there will be similar momentum of growth this financial year as the 
day stands and where the projects are standing. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I also had a question regarding the receivable position which is also seeing a sharp jump? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Receivable is definitely agreed. There was a little ageing of the receivable, but it has come 
almost into control in this month and it will be fully in control by November end actually. We 
are equally depended on various SIs that we are working with it could be a public sector or a 
private sector yes there was some ageing and receivables in the Q2 and because the Q2 sales 
has also got increased that has also added to the effect actually, but yeah it is got into control to 
some extent in this quarter it will be fully in control. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurav Ginodia from Stewart & Mackertich. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
Sir in continuation with the question which one of my previous participants has asked with 
respect to the order book if you can just generally highlight what kind of trend in order inquiry 
have you seen in the last couple of quarters? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
We generally always had an order book somewhere ranging between next 9 to 12 months. This 
is an average figure. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
What quantum of repeat order are you anticipating from one of your customers any size or 
ticket size? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Ticket size I may not be able to tell, but as I have told you to the previous participant also there 
is one repeat order which we are expecting post which we are going to announce the repeat 
order as well as the total quantum of outstanding order on hand. Definitely we are banking 
always on a repeat order business and repeat order is something is the key survival for the 
company and the momentum will continuously be going to be there because there is budgets 
already available and various customers whom we are working with they are already holding 
order, but we pick orders on a strategic basis one after another generally platform manufacture 
is released order one after other that is why it would be. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
If I look at your EBITDA margin for the first half compared to the previous first half they are 
under pressure basically because of the gross margin decline, so how do you foresee the gross 
margin trends going forward in the next half and for the next financial year? 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Last year first half the gross profit margin was definitely high, but generally the gross profit 
margin of the company has always been a same level what we have posted in half actually. It is 
plus or minus 1% to 2% actually. So, going forward also it would be going to be same because 
the scaling up of the business is also happening on a continual basis. So, this is the right trend 
of the gross profit margin is what you can understand. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
If you can just give some kind of an indication of what kind of EBITDA margin one can 
expect for FY19? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
No sir it would be too speculative. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
But any general ballpark range would be helpful? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
The trend has always been at similar fashion I think if you can see Mr. Saurav something it 
would be better than this previous year is what I can tell you broadly. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
And about the IPO proceeds how much have we utilized and what is the balance amount 
pending yet to be utilized? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
IPO utilization we have already announced in the market for the last quarter. This quarter we 
are going to announce sometime in next three to four days. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
As I could see that the working capital cycle has been under quite a bit of pressure so going 
forward as the business grows will it require further infusion of working capital or one can 
expect some improvement on the working capital cycle? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Primarily the business and sector in which we are working the working capital is always a 
strain working capital and which we have been talking about right from the beginning. Yes,we 
understand that this will have a toll over the cash flow so we have started working on lot of 
B2Bprojects wherein there will be lot of improvement or instead of saying an improvement I 
can say that there will definitely be lot of resistance and support which will give an anchor to 
the strained working capital. So, going forward in a summary I can say that it is going to be 
definitely much better. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
And any indication on the tax rate for the full year? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
When I cannot speculate my PBT is the same with the tax right. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
Because in Q2 what I could see that there has been a tax write-right back as we have rightly 
explained to the previous participant question, but just wanted your thought process on the full 
year tax rate? 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
There is no further such adjustment or the provision that we have given so for the Q3 or Q4 I 
do not think there could be any such additional provision which would get added back actually 
so it is going to be full. 
Saurav Ginodia: 
So, for the full year one can expect the full taxability at the full tax bracket? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yeah. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam Sundar from CIL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Sundar: 
First of all again congratulations for putting up a really decent number story out there. I know 
you have a long-drawn plan to take it much beyond. Even you have mentioned in your policy 
document of reaching four figure top-line at some point in time. I am sure you are working in 
that direction. I also know that you are restricted from talking a lot of things and cannot give a 
lot of guidance, cannot talk much about numbers and all. The point is the business model we 
guys really understand little less than obviously from other businesses this is little off-the-cuff 
kind of a thing so ultimately boils down to the number game. For a start you said the 
comparison is not much to do with the platform guys and all so really speaking apple-to-apple 
what kind of comparison can we have that is point number one. What is the kind of piethat you 
are operating in like smaller segment of the business. So, if you talk something about that 
probably about the business model. About the numbers I have one or two points still and I 
think these are not future-looking but backward-looking things so can I just ask them? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Shyam Sundar: 
So, you mentioned from this year onwards is not considering the excise duty and things like 
that, but last year fourth quarter also it wasalready into the GST regime so this top line growth 
from 56.67 to 77 point something is direct comparison is that right? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
To some extent. 
Shyam Sundar: 
In Note #4 it is mentioned that from this quarter it is the GST adjusted. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
You are very much right. The note has carried basically because there is a comparison of last 
year non-GST regime quarter also that is the reason note has carried so I do not think it has a 
big significance. 
Shyam Sundar: 
I do not know whether you already mentioned I hope I am not missed out on, but the operating 
margin comparably have gone down significantly on the face of it, is there an explanation for 
that on a year-on-year basis, is it something to do with the lumpiness of the business, 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
seasonality should not come when we are talking about year-on-year but is it the lumpiness of 
execution of project that makes this difference? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
It is partly attributable to the lumpiness of the business actually. So, some of the quarter will 
have some much better margin business, some of the quarter will have not much better margin 
business. So, definitely you can majorly or partly attribute it to the lumpiness actually. 
Shyam Sundar: 
From project-to-project the margins will differ quite a bit substantially is that right? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I cannot say substantially, but it will definitely differ from quarter-to-quarter. 
Shyam Sundar: 
Because I can see that it is roughly come from almost 28% to barely 12% now 800 
bpsdifference in operating margins Y-on-Y for this quarter is that right? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
28 is what actually. 
Shyam Sundar: 
Last year same quarter Q2 was operating EBITDA margins were about 20? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
September you mean to say ‘17. 
Shyam Sundar: 
I mean it is not EBITDA really it is PBT margins. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
PBT H1 17 was around 11. 
Shyam Sundar: 
Yeah 11.3 crore is PBT on 56 crore turnover revenue, this time it is around 9.08 against 77 and 
this 9.08 includes other income of 83 lakhs, last year other income was only 7 lakhs and this 
other income I am talking apart from the 52 lakhs tax write-back that has been shown 
separately so we are not even considering that. So, the other income maybe other operating 
income you call whatever it is here it is 83 lakhs this quarter whereas last year same quarter it 
was barely 7 lakhs. 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Sir if you look into the absolute numbers, I think it is not comparable, but if you look into the 
percentage H1 17 the PBT is 11.02% and H1 18 is 12.59 or maybe a decimal figure is there. 
Shyam Sundar: 
No, I am talking Q1 not H1 quarter because or I mean how should we take it generally we talk 
quarter-on-quarter next quarter? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Specific quarter September quarter of last year the nature of the business that has been done 
the gross profit margin was high so there was an effect on the PBT you are on line. So, 
compared to this financial year when the gross profit margin at that point of time was very 
high so the PBT was the one which was also equally high at that point of time. The same effect 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
has got passed on to the PBT, but whereas September ‘18 it is a 20.48 including other income 
it is 7.7%. 
Shyam Sundar: 
I am presuming that after the IPO,you may have deployed the funds and gone for a lower 
margin also so that the bottom-line can be boosted, is it one way of looking at it and does not 
matter if it is adding to the bottom-line that is the clinker actually, but is it that way and if so 
should we talk about this Q2 of the latest numbers as something kind of a ballpark going 
forward? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I answered the previous gentlemen also that this is a normal ballpark which that this trend in 
common in most of the quarters actually, but the September ‘17 quarter was a little peculiar 
where we had a little better margin project actually that is the only reason, but this is the figure 
September ‘18 whatever the ballpark figure. 
Shyam Sundar: 
I think the numbers are otherwise quite good, very promising compared to other players of 
course, we talk about defense players we do not much understand on platform and other things. 
Okay if this is the run rate going forward,I think it is very encouraging we definitely look 
forward for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sailesh Kumar from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sailesh Kumar: 
I have couple of questions first thing I wanted to know is there any threshold margin level 
which company has decided that below which they will not accept any order and what is that 
threshold margin? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Very curious question Mr. Sailesh but it is very tough to answer it this is the toughest question 
in this entire session I should say. See primarily we work like this is basically we are not a 
product company and the decision of a minimum operating margin is what we work there. We 
end up to do a sustained business is what I can say for that particular type of technology. If we 
are working on only a specific technology, then there is something like a figurative which 
would be there. At the time of securing projects, it depends on the type of technology and 
whom we are bidding and the competition in place.End of the day you are supposed to get the 
project right. So, keeping the operating margin at a good and better operating level which is 
not going to erode the margins of the other business that we are doing is what is the basic 
threshold level of the operating margin we are operating which is as good as the average 
operating margin in which the business is running. 
Sailesh Kumar: 
Basically, what is the execution period average execution period for the order that we receive I 
would say defense installation has given an order to PSU and then it comes to us so then what 
is the timeframe in the whole process? 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
3 months to 18 months depending upon the type of the project. 
Sailesh Kumar: 
So, I mean once you receive from those PSU clients you executed between 3 to 18 months that 
is what you want to say? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I want to clarify that the PSUs are alone not the customers there are many other customers we 
are working directly with the DRDO, with the PSUs, with the private defense, and many other 
companies. 
Sailesh Kumar: 
And how has been broader change in business environment say over last two, three years and 
how do you see it going forward? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
As far as Apollo Micro System is concerned it is positive and we see a lot of visibility in many 
programs that we have been working earlier and some of the futuristic program for which core 
design development activity is happening, the visibility is very strong get going and thanks to 
the Make in India so many programs where good development has been taken up for several 
years and erstwhile foreign OEM used to supply but because of the Make in India there is lot 
of promotion for the indigenously developed systems and that is giving a very strong visibility 
for the years coming forward. 
Sailesh Kumar: 
Sir if I may squeeze in next five years down the line where do you see the company in terms of 
technology, in terms or order book clientele and overall positioning in the value chain? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I will not say it is a tough question but we would be a very prominent company. I will not say 
that we would reach the mark of some X figure or something like that. We would be a 
prominent company and a key role player in many of the programs where we are presently 
working on is what I can say as of now. 
Sailesh Kumar: 
Do we envisage consistent flow of order for a company like us which are mainly into 
technologies? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
There is a strong visibility. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Sharma as an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I just had one question sir that on our current capital employed which is roughly about 350-400 
crore I do understand that there is a short-term negative working capital because of certain 
projects which can get executed over the next two quarters, what is the kind of maximum 
turnover we can sustain on the current capital employed without having to go for more capital 
in terms of either debt or equity? 

 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
November 02,2018 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
I think the question is coming back with a different flavor Rajesh, but yeah primarily, I will 
answer the question like this. The type of programs where presently we have been working 
earlier is based on the kind of equity that we have and the capital employed and we used to 
pick the similar level of project actually. Post public issue we have started bidding for 
programs where we will be able to address in a large ticket kind of project. So, the 
demography of executing a last ticket order and the type of turnkey solution that we are 
addressing to kind of a very small subsystem or a system level execution. The working capital 
cycle is totally different and how we optimize the utilization of the raw material which are 
similar or common amongst the various program. So, if we were a product company it would 
have been very easy to answer your question, but we are solution based company, but yes 
going forward unless the very large ticket kind of a project hits into our account I do not think 
any additional infusion of funds maybe required very shortly I think the way I understood the 
question I am answering if there is anything wrong you have to come back to me. 
Sailesh Kumar: 
I mean is there any ballpark kind of range maybe turnover that you can achieve with the 
current capital employed some kind of a range is what I am looking at in terms of either 
turnover or capacity utilization? 
Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Similar kind of solutions what we are presently offering something like around 450 to 500 
should be the figures where if we are comfortable, but if the league is changed maybe the 
scenario could be different but the similar kind of solution what we are offering I think 
somewhere between 400, 450, 500. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sai Kumar for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sai Kumar: 
Thanks Mr. Aman and I specially thank all the participants I only know six names out of 
various participants who were there in the call specifically I would take the names Mr. Vishal, 
Mr. Bhaskar, Mr. Rajesh, Mr.Saurav, Mr. Shyam and Mr. Sailesh. Thank you all for keeping 
confidence on the company. We will definitely keep performing a much better and keep 
improving on a day-to-day basis. We also have a noting of each and every point that you have 
asked. Some of the concerns are noted and we are working towards addressing all of them that 
is what I would like to say in summary and we have also given an interim dividend and MD at 
this point of time he could not join the call he had to go to the customer place for some key 
discussions. A special thanks from him as well for all of you to participate in this call with me 
and CFO of the company and my Company Secretary Mr.Mr. Vitta Siva Shankar. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Apollo Micro Systems Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
