 
 
 
 
 
  12th November, 2018 
 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
                
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G, 
 
          
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: HPL  
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda  Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540136 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir 
 
This is with reference to the intimation dated 27th October, 2018 made by the company about 
the Conference Call scheduled for Investors/Analysts on Tuesday, 30th October, 2018.  A copy 
of Transcript of the conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith and 
the same is also available on the Company’s website i.e.  www.hplindia.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For HPL ELECTRIC & POWER LIMITED 
 
 
 
Vivek Kumar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VIVEK 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by VIVEK KUMAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=110095, 
st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=3eb36823c8b414e7e934f2e0af3da01
0641437e49524495d66b6b358709bf23f, 
2.5.4.45=032100E234C1A60CCB36368F0C1FF
32031C16B9EC4C0C83F861248F1AB5F64A04
8C162, 
serialNumber=052767230d5f1c44b1c2164eef
db84f2c760ac7359949d646e7ce9b91f23d372, 
cn=VIVEK KUMAR 
Date: 2018.11.12 13:33:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“HPL Electric & Power Limited 
Q2 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA - ELARA SECURITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAUTAM SETH - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
- HPL ELECTRIC AND POWER LIMITED 
MR. V.R. GUPTA – DIRECTOR - HPL ELECTRIC 
AND POWER LIMITED 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the HPL Electric & Power Limited Q2 
FY2019 Earnings Conference call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara 
Securities Private Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thanks Stanford. Good evening everyone, on behalf of Elara Securities we welcome you all 
for the Q2 FY2019 conference call of HPL Electric & Power Limited. I take this 
opportunity to welcome the management of HPL Electric & Power represented by Mr. 
Gautam Seth, Joint Managing Director and Mr. V.R. Gupta, Director. We will begin the call 
with a brief overview by the management followed by Q&A session. I will now hand over 
the call to Mr. Seth for his opening remarks. 
Gautam Seth: 
Thank you Harshit. Good evening everyone, on behalf of the Board of Directors and the 
management of the company, we extend a very warm welcome to all of you to discuss the 
financial results for the second quarter and first half of the FY2018-2019. We recorded 
strong performance in the second quarter driven by favourable momentum across core 
business segment. Our metering, switchgear and lighting businesses have now displayed 
positive growth trajectory over the last eight quarters giving us confidence and placing us 
on strong footing to deliver robust business growth over coming quarters. 
 
Our overall revenue for the quarter stood at Rs.286.5 Crores growing by 28% year-on-year, 
metering business grew by 43% driven by strong execution of metering orders, switchgear 
business grew by 46% driven by strong growth in the trade business. There was a 12% 
year-on-year decline in the lighting business primarily due to the high base effect of Q2 
FY2018, which saw festive season in September. 
 
Wires and cables business grew by 12% year-on-year. Overall the revenue growth of 10% 
quarter-on-quarter was driven by increase in metering and lighting sales. We recorded 
improved EBITDA margin both on year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter basis driven by 
higher sales and strict control on operating cost. Our metering margin declined on year-on-
year basis due to increase in polycarbonate prices; however, the margin improved on 
quarter-on-quarter basis, which is due to better product mix. 
 
Switchgears margins improved due to higher realization and cost optimization measures. 
Lighting margins improved due to the efficiencies from better procurement. Our PAT for 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 3 of 11 
the quarter was Rs.7.8 Crores, registering a growth of 26% year-on-year and 39% on 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Our persistent efforts towards reducing our working capital cycle 
are yielding results. Our overall receivable days have gone down from 164 days in March to 
140 days in September; this was driven by reduction in trade, which is the non-utility 
receivable days, from 125 days in March to 87 days in September. Our inventory days have 
also gone down from 149 days to 138 days from March to September. As discussed in our 
first quarter earning call, our endeavor shall be to maintain our net working capital at 
current level. 
 
Coming to our order book position, it continued an upward trend to reach Rs.507.5 Crores  
(net of taxes). As on October 25, 2018, the metering order book stood at Rs.462.4 Crores, 
which includes the smart meter order worth Rs.52.3 Crores received from one of the leading 
private power utilities. Our BIS certified smart meters are gaining widespread recognition 
and coupled with our strong execution in the metering segment we remain optimistic about 
the growth prospects in the segment. We are setting up a new manufacturing facility for 
electronic components used in the lighting business. Due to a strong growth in both 
metering and lighting businesses, we shall use our existing unit for metering business and 
dedicate this facility entirely for the lighting business. Our total revenue for the six months 
of FY2019 stood at Rs.546.5 Crores. This along with a strong order book places us in a 
formidable position to achieve our target of double-digit revenue growth in FY2019 
coupled with improved profitability. Our ad spent for the quarter was Rs.4 Crores, taking 
the six months total to Rs.9.3 Crores. We shall continue to channelize our efforts towards 
strengthening the HPL brand and product recall in the minds of the consumer. We will 
continue to work on strengthening our centralized procurement network, inventory 
rationalization, brand building initiatives and innovative product launches incorporating the 
latest technology. With this I would now like to hand over the call for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Anup Nayar from Equity Intelligence. 
Please go ahead. 
Anup Nayar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Our share price has come down from IPO level 
of Rs.200 to around Rs.65, correction of 65% to 70%. Generally promoters use this as an 
opportunity to increase the stake. Can we expect any buy back plans from the company’s 
side? 
Gautam Seth: 
Currently we have no such plan, however, we take your suggestion and we can consider it. 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Anup Nayar: 
Because the investor community would perceive this as the promotor’s confidence in and 
commitment towards the business and the company.  
Gautam Seth: 
I would not like to comment on the share price. There was some impact of GST on the trade 
business and our metering business was affected in FY 2016-2017. Since the last four 
quarters, there has been a steady increase in revenues; we have been working on all the 
parameters, right from improving our margins, controlling our operating costs and working 
on various balance sheet parameters and the working capital cycle. So, on a quarter on 
quarter basis there has been an improvement, as the results are better and those will reflect 
on the overall business. 
Anup Nayar: 
Our new centralized procurement network and other efforts to reduce working capital, have 
started showing results. What will be the capex on the new electronic component 
manufacturing facility and the expected advantages from that? 
Gautam Seth: 
When we started LED manufacturing four years ago, we were one of the first few players 
who got into manufacturing of the LED drivers, MCPCB and all the electronic components. 
Because of our existing electronic facility of meters, we have a large backward integrated 
manufacturing, so that gave us an edge in LED manufacturing. We are witnessing high 
growth in meters and even LED is growing, as the CFL sales have been converted into 
LED. We expect good growth in LED over the coming years, so the capacity which we had 
leveraged, was actually of the meter component manufacturing, which was manufacturing 
components for both lighting and meters. Given the growth prospects, we would be 
dedicating the existing facility for the meter component manufacturing, which it was 
originally doing and the new facility coming in Kundli would be focused only on lighting. 
In terms of capex, more than Rs.12 Crores approx. is going to be made for the set up of the 
facility. 
Anup Nayar: 
As a result of this capex, how much margin improvement is expected in the lighting 
division? 
Gautam Seth: 
The primary benefit would be in the form of quality maintenance. The government has 
imposed high duties on imports of LED components, so they have been encouraging local 
manufacturing. We have always showcased HPL as a backward integrated manufacturer, 
where we are focused on technology & quality and then using our own manufacturing, so it 
will help us maintain consistency in quality and other things. It also gives us control over 
the supply chain wherein we know exactly what to make. In the long-term definitely certain 
benefits are there. If you see, the pricing of LEDs have been quite turbulent in the last three 
years because they have been coming down and we have been stating this right from the 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 5 of 11 
IPO time that there have been so many manufacturers, but we will see consolidation in the 
overall competitive scenario because there were so many people who entered, just trying to 
import. Today, there are a few competitors and there is serious competition. For us to go 
forward having our own facility definitely make sense; it also helps us optimize the cost 
because LED is a very dynamic technology and one needs to continuously do R&D. Since 
we now have separate units, we are well poised to benefit from the anticipated growth in 
metering and LED segments. 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divesh Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Divesh Shah: 
What is the total market size of smart meter in India in terms of meter as well as in terms of 
the value and what is our market share? 
Gautam Seth: 
Right now, it is difficult to predict the market size of the smart meter. There have been only 
4 to 5 tenders, which have come out though some of them have been the last tenders from 
EESL, but about two years back the meter industry was around Rs. 3,500 Crores, which 
was growing at almost 8% to 10%. The smart meters are eventually set to replace these 
types of meters because this is a new technology, the adoption of which would take around 
5 to 10 years. It is a long-term opportunity. There have been only one or two tenders from 
the government. Certain private utilities are also coming out with tenders. The market size 
is small for now. Around 1 lakh pieces have been supplied till now, so it is still very less, 
but this is an opportunity for the future, which one needs to evaluate. There are only two 
manufactures who have the BIS license. HPL electric has now got 3 BIS licenses for 
different products in smart meters, so that is because of specifications that have come last 
year. A lot of other manufacturers are undergoing the test to comply with these standards, 
so a lot of things are happening and as we go forward we will see this industry evolve, so 
whether in couple of years may be 10%, 15% industry shifts are possible, but I cannot 
comment on that. Eventually the whole market is there for adoption of a new technology. 
Divesh Shah: 
 Which is the other organized player, which is competing with us? 
Gautam Seth: 
There are 3 organized players in the market. Genus is one of them. 
Divesh Shah: 
Genus, we and the third one? 
Gautam Seth: 
I am not able to recollect the name, but yes there are only three players which participated 
in the previous tenders. 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Divesh Shah: 
We are supplying to the power utilities and payment from power utilities is very hard to 
come by, so do we face any difficulties in getting payment from state electricity board or 
power utilities, how do we get the payment? 
Gautam Seth: 
No, the payments are regular though the payment cycle is always 5 to 6 months, so that has 
always been the case for many years and we are in the business for over 20 years. The 
procedure is such that it does take a little time, but normally the payments are coming quite 
consistently and its been over 20 years we have been in this business and there is no single 
bad debt from any power utility. So that is a positive. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Omkar Rahman, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Omkar Rahman: 
Is the growth in metering revenue driven by a few key customers and if yes what has been 
their contribution in this quarter? 
Gautam Seth: 
Year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter growth is across various utilities, so it is not 
concentrated on one or two customers. Since many years we have been always having a 
very diversified customer portfolio supplying to almost every utility in the country, so 
similar trend has been maintained. 
Omkar Rahman: 
If one utility is procuring from a particular supplier, does that mean we will be the sole 
supplier or other suppliers can also be approached by the utility? 
Gautam Seth: 
The procurement from utilities is tender driven so normally it is not a single supplier, when 
a tender is finalized there are at least up to three vendors which are selected to supply within 
the tender. Although utility is always free to go to any supplier for the future tenders, but 
for that particular tender, whoever has won the orders, they are supplying it. 
Omkar Rahman: 
Would it not be beneficial for them to keep procuring from only one designated supplier, so 
that there is consistency maintained in the meters? 
Gautam Seth: 
There are central procurement rules, which the government has framed, which is not only 
for electricals, but it also applies to any purchases done by the government so there are 
certain rules, which have to be followed by every government department. I am not fully 
aware of the rules, but broadly I am aware that the utilities, the way the tender processes, it 
follows that. If there is more than one supplier which is supplying, the price is always taken 
of the lowest bidder, so there is never a loss for the government in procuring from multiple 
vendors. 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Jain, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Ronak Jain: 
Are we expecting employee expenses to increase over the next few quarters or the current 
quarterly run rate of 35 cr. will be maintained? 
Gautam Seth: 
Broadly as the production goes up, especially the factory wages and salary, which are 
directly in proportion to the manufacturing activities, the employee expenses will increase 
but as I mentioned in my original remarks that we have been working towards rationalizing 
our operating expenses and we have been able to do that despite the increase in sales. So, I 
don’t see a major spike but yes, as the production increases in the forthcoming quarters in 
line with sales, we can expect proportionate increase. 
Ronak Jain: 
Sir, if we can get some colour on approximate increase, may be 10% or something? 
Gautam Seth: 
I do not think I can quantify it right now, but if we witness an increase in turnover, though 
not in that ratio, we will witness some increase in salaries and wages. 
Ronak Jain: 
Just a follow-up on the expense side. On the other expenses front, given that we are 
focusing on cost optimization and have benefitted from that this quarter, can we expect full 
year figure to be less than Rs.100 cr? 
Gautam Seth: 
You are talking about what cost 
Ronak Jain: 
Other expenses in P&L, so would the full year figure be less than 100cr.? 
Gautam Seth: 
No. As it is already Rs.53 Crores in the first half and the second half is set to be better 
because on the trade side, the second half is normally better. So, I don’t see a major drop 
but we are working towards reducing our expenses. Despite the cost control measures, I 
don’t think it will be below 100cr., bearing in mind the current trend. 
 Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhineet Anand from SBICAP Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhineet Anand: 
First of all, if you could comment on the Chinese competitors in metering segment. There 
was a media article with respect to Chinese players doing L1 in some of the orders and 
secondly, if you could also mention the size of meter tenders available as of now? 
Gautam Seth: 
I will take your second question first. Currently there are about eight million meters which 
are under various stages of evaluation, so it would be around Rs.1,000 Crores in terms of 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 8 of 11 
value. Over the last two quarters, the execution rate has been faster than the industry. Even 
our own order book of meters on net basis, is at Rs.460 Crores plus. Over and above that, 
there have been good enquiries coming in from various utilities and I see an upward trend 
up to March. Regarding the Chinese competition, yes, especially the government tenders in 
EESL and others. In the utilities we are not witnessing Chinese entries, but in certain central 
utilities, we are seeing some participation. Yes, I have come across a few articles with 
regards to the Chinese competition in the metering space. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Does the EESL have any criteria regarding manufacturing setup in India? 
Gautam Seth: 
We have not been participating in the double EESL tenders that started off with lighting 
because in lighting and then even in meters, the margins and the terms & conditions do not 
seem favorable in the long run. Due to that, we have not been participating; but on a tender-
to-tender basis, their terms are now becoming better. Now this is going to help to eventually 
build up the free qualification for future tenders. So, I am aware of these things, but exactly 
I cannot comment on what they are doing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Abhineet. The next question is from the line of Divesh Shah, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Divesh Shah: 
Again, my question regarding meter, what is our total capacity in terms of manufacturing 
smart meters? Number of meters? 
Gautam Seth: 
Overall our annual capacity is 9 million meters and right now these are for normal meters, 
but if you look at the smart meters broadly, it is going to be similar as we make a single 
phase meter or a three phase meter or any other meter, in the same facility. One can safely 
assume that if the industry were to shift to smart meters entirely, we could accommodate 
that in our current capacity. 
Divesh Shah: 
What will be the average selling price of the meter supplied to the power utilities and that of 
a smart meter? 
Gautam Seth: 
You need to check the tenders because in the last tender, it was around Rs.1400 to Rs.1500 
plus software and others, which were a part of a different tender. So roughly the overall cost 
should be 3,500 to 4,000; but it depends upon various specifications; so each time if there is 
a change in the specification, the cost would be according to that. 
Divesh Shah: 
Our IPO came at 202 and since then, there has been 70% destruction in the value. So what 
is your message to the present shareholder who are holding the share at 202 level? 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Gautam Seth: 
HPL Electric is a long term player; we have been in this business for many years and we do 
understand the metering, the switchgear, lighting businesses and if you see right from 
demonetization or from GST, there were constant disruptions which were beyond anyone’s 
control. If you see in the last couple of quarters, we have been working towards improving 
our working capital cycle and going forward, given the growth prospects in our business 
segments, we remain optimistic about the long-term prospects of the company and work 
towards attaining a stable growth rate. 
Divesh Shah: 
Since the share price has declined from 202 to 60, is the promoter looking to increase the 
stake? 
Gautam Seth: 
Somebody just suggested before, so we take the suggestion and we will consider it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
I have a few questions. On the lighting margins, we have seen an improvement. If you look 
at the other competitors who have reported numbers in the last one-and-a-half weeks, their 
margins have been down considerably. So what explains this difference Sir? 
Gautam Seth: 
If you see the margins, our EBIT margin has gone up to about 12.5% and this was due to 
two factors. First one being the product mix, the other one being the procurement 
efficiencies. This is something we have started about four to five months back and we see 
this across the organization. We are focusing on centralized procurement, the overall 
benefits of which will start coming in the last quarter as it would require some time and 
effort. Overall in LED, we have been working on procurement and I believe that has helped 
us to some extent. Also, the product mix is better. Our original guidance of having about 
11% to 11.5% as the EBIT margin in lighting is sustainable; however, there are continuous 
efforts by our team to enhance it like we have done this quarter. We hope to continue that in 
future. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
This would mean there has been a very less impact of the LED price decline from June 
onwards? 
Gautam Seth: 
What LED price? You mean the selling price? 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Prices of batons and panels have been declining in the market because of a few competitors’ 
aggressive pricing. New competitors have also entered this segment. 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Gautam Seth: 
Our selling prices since the last two quarters have been maintained and we have not seen 
any decline in our selling prices, although on the procurement side as I said, there have been 
constant efforts since the last four to five months and we have seen some benefits. We are 
getting new vendors, looking at different models and in fact last month or in October when 
we had the Light India Exhibition in Delhi and for this festive season, we have launched a 
lot of new products in lighting and across the various segments whether they are consumer, 
commercial, industrial or the outdoor lighting. We have come out with new models and we 
do hope that our teams would work towards enhancing the revenue from those. We will also 
work on the margin. As far as prices are concerned, those have declined compared to the 
level 2 years back since the last few quarters it has been steady, so I do not think there has 
been any decline in price from our end. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Second question is again on margins, but on the metering side. You had earlier indicated 
that the polycarbonate prices have increased. Do you think it is rock bottom or do you 
expect further increase in the prices and the margins could be in the range of 13%-14% for 
the year or do you see any uptick in margin in the next couple of quarters? 
Gautam Seth: 
The polycarbonate prices as you are aware, was quite high, but it is coming off those highs 
and the polycarbonate prices have softened. The impact on margin will be seen with a lag 
effect. In terms of margin of course we have seen slight improvement in this quarter, but in 
the next two quarters, it may be 14% or 15%. Any upward tick in the margin because of this 
may be possible in the next financial year. There are certain quantities, which are already 
committed, our selling prices are fixed, so that is why it took a toll on the margins. Even in 
the case of price reversal, there is a time lag in price pass-on. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Is there any plan to decline your short term debt, which has increased to Rs.520 Crores level 
? 
Gautam Seth: 
As we said we are working on working capital efficiencies, so you can see improvement 
right from the trade debtors, which have come down in the past six months. The inventory 
level is also down. We are looking to maintain our net working capital at the current level, 
As far as our debt is concerned, it would remain at this level. We are expecting double-digit 
growth in H2, so that would actually bring it to a better level compared to the sales. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Shah from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashok Shah: 
Sir, can you just help us with the capacity utilization of various plants? 

 
 
          HPL Electric & Power Limited 
October 30, 2018 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Gautam Seth: 
Broadly we are operating at 75-80% of the capacity. In terms of meters, multiple facilities 
are working almost on two shift basis, some of it being on one or one-and-a-half shifts. In 
terms of capacity utilization, that has gone up considerably in the last three to four quarters 
and we are seeing that especially in meters, where we are seeing even month-on-month 
increase. Even in the second quarter, from July to September, we have seen improving 
utilization levels on a month-on-month basis. Broadly, across all the four product 
categories, be metering, lighting or switchgear, these have been working at good capacity 
utilization levels. 
Ashok Shah: 
In terms of turnover, when will we be able to attain FY6 level? What is the GST rate on 
different products? 
Gautam Seth: 
The GST rates are 18% for meters, switchgear & wires and 12% for LED lighting. In terms 
of our turnover, we have grown almost 28% this year in the first half. The second half of 
last year had a much higher base than the first half. Despite that, we expect a double-digit 
growth in the second half. Overall on a year-on-year basis, we do expect 15-20% growth in 
our top-line, which will help us attain our previous turnover and margin levels. We are 
working accordingly on that and we do see a positive trend quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions from the participants I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities 
for closing comments. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thanks Stanford. We thank Mr. Seth and Mr. Gupta for giving us an opportunity to host 
this call. We also thank all the investors and the analysts for joining this call. Any closing 
comments Sir? 
Gautam Seth: 
Thank you and I would like to thank all the participants for giving us the opportunity to 
discuss and present our results and we continue to focus on our business; looking at 
bringing in efficiencies in our business, growing the revenue and also building the HPL 
brand. So, thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Elara Securities Private 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
