ICFL/LS/0234/2018-19
6_ November 2018
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department, 1‘t Floor,
Exchange Plaza, C-l, Block G
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Mumbai -400 001
Bandra (E), Mumbai—400 051
Scrip Code: 541336
Symbol: IN DOSTAR
Sub.:
Transcripts of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) Call held on Thursday, 1 November 2018
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) Call
on un-audited
financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 30 September 2018.
This transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.indostarcapital.com.
Request you to kindly take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
FoyndoStar
Capital Finance Limited
'
PankajThapar
12/ Chief Financial
fficer
Encl: As above
lndoStar Capital Finance Limited
Registered Office : One Indiabulls Centre, 20th Floor, Tower 2A, Jupiter Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Mumbai
— 400013, lndla
T +91 22 4315 7000 I F +91 22 4315 7010 | contact@indostarcapital.com | www.indostarcapital.com
ClN :‘L65100MH2009PL0268160

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
Q2 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 1, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. 
PIRAN 
ENGINEER 
– 
SR. 
MANAGER 
- 
INSTITUTIONAL RESEARCH - NBFC – MOTILAL 
OSWAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. R. SRIDHAR – EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – INDOSTAR CAPITAL 
FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT JOSHI - CHIEF OPERATING & RISK 
OFFICER – INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ THAPAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. SHAILESH SHIRALI – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
LENDING – INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the IndoStar Capital Finance Q2 FY2019 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Piran Engineer from 
Motilal Oswal Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Piran Engineer: 
Thank You. I welcome you all to the concall of IndoStar for the 2Q FY2019 Earnings Results. 
We have with us Mr. R. Sridhar, Executive Vice Chairman and CEO, Mr. Pankaj Thapar, CFO, 
Mr. Shailesh Shirali, Head of Corporate Lending and Mr. Prashant Joshi, Chief Operating and 
Risk Officer. I would now like to hand it over to the management for the comments. Over to you 
Sir! 
R. Sridhar: 
Thanks Piran. Thank you for joining our briefing of Q2 FY2019 results. As Piran mentioned that 
we have had a very strong quarter. I will now take this opportunity to give you a few highlights. 
The profit after tax for this quarter is 103% up compared to the last quarter at 64 Crores. It is on 
account of strong disbursement, which is at Rs.1302 Crores, which pushed our assets under 
management as on September 30, 2018 to Rs.7766 Crores, which is 76% higher year-on-year and 
as usual our asset quality continues to be very good. Our gross nonperforming asset is at 0.9% 
and net at 0.6% as on September 30, 2018. The retail disbursements are progressing very well in 
all three verticals, vehicle finance, SME as well as our home loans. This quarter our average 
disbursement run-rate is Rs.300 Crores and the total disbursement is around Rs.889 Crores, 
which is 58% higher over March-18 quarter. 
 
The proportion between corporate lending and the retail loans continuously keeps changing. It 
started off this year with the retail loans at 27%, and as on September 30, 2018 it has moved to 
37%; Corporate lending share of total loans is 63% for the current quarter. The branch network 
(in the first phase) comprises 155 branches in almost 17 states. Most of the branches distribute 
multiple product-lines. Of the total network, 136 branches are vehicle finance business and in 46 
branches we offer affordable home finance and about 10 branches we have the SME business. 
We have also looked at the performance of these branches and about 75% of the branches, which 
have been opened in the first three months of December 2017, January 2018 and February 2018 
have started contributing positively (covers direct costs) and with this kind of an encouraging 
result, we do feel that these branches will break-even as we have committed earlier within 12 to 
15 months’ time from their opening dates. 
 
Cost to income ratio, which had gone up substantially because of our investments in 
infrastructure and people for conducting the retail business has started trending lower.  During 
this quarter it has reduced by 650 basis points to 37.6%. The company continues to enjoy a 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 3 of 12 
comfortable capital adequacy at 31%, which puts our debt equity at 2:1 and at this point of time I 
am also happy to inform you that our liquidity management is quite strong. We have already put 
it in the public domain and submitted to the stock exchange our liquidity update as of September 
30, 2018 and in all bucket’s month-on-month from October 2018 to March 31, 2020 we remain 
positive and we have surplus also and the loan sanction pipeline was at Rs.650 Crores as of 
September 30, 2018 which has increased since then. We have started receiving some of these 
loans so we do hope that the liquidity position will ease and we would be able to keep our 
objective intact for this financial year, which we felt at an average of Rs.550-600 Crores per 
month we should be able to achieve Rs.6000 to Rs.7000 Crores as an annual disbursement. We 
have already disbursed around Rs.3500 in the first half, and are confident of achieving another 
Rs 3000-3500 crores in the next five months. So, with these words I now open the floor for 
questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer 
session. Ladies and gentleman, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Kashyap Jhaveri from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
You mentioned about your target disbursement numbers about Rs.1000 Crores for this full year 
and current average stands at about 500 odd Crores per month this number for FY2020 and if you 
could break that up in terms of corporate and within corporate real estate and others and what 
could be the retail number? 
Pankaj Thapar: 
It is inappropriate for us to talk about FY2020 because that would be significantly forward 
looking. If you are looking for what our current run rate is, we have explained that to you. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
That is there in the presentation also actually. 
R. Sridhar: 
We expect to continue seeing the trajectory of growth that we have charted out thus far. We 
expect to see the trajectory continuing. It would perhaps be inappropriate for us to put a number 
to where we expect FY2020 to be. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
Sure and if you could go to slide number 18, which is on corporate lending the quarter-on-quarter 
corporate lending AUMs are down from about Rs.5250 Crores to Rs.4900 Crores and contributed 
by both the segment, which is real estate and non-real estate, so if you could throw some light on 
that decline in the AUM, what exactly was the reasons behind that? 
Shailesh Shirali: 
This is Shailesh here. The reason for the decline in AUM was a couple of prepayments both in 
real estate and non-real estate segments which were ahead of schedule. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
Any particular reason or this is just normal sort of, any particular reason why this happened or it 
is just the usual business that it just happened in this quarter? 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 4 of 12 
Shailesh Shirali 
If you see our track record in corporate lending we have always had large prepayments. In the 
real estate lending segment, we enter into projects early, and most of the times we conceptualize 
the project along with the developer. As the project milestones reach 20-30% completion, these 
projects tend to get refinanced either by banks or players like HDFC in the normal course. On the 
non-real estate side, this time around, we had a couple of structured loans, where larger amounts 
were repaid. We always have an escrow mechanism for all our loans and this time around, we 
had monthly repayments which was faster than our expectations. We have had higher 
prepayments in the past as well and if you see in the last couple of years the repayments and 
prepayments have been pretty high. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
And in this real estate business, now that we have been hearing from lot of NBFCs as well as 
banks people are sort of pulling back the purse strings through real estate developers what is your 
assessment of the overall real estate financing for next about let us say quarter or two and do you 
believe that if let us say this kind of scenario continues then we might eventually see an impact 
both on the real estate, asset quality of the developers as well as contagion impact on the real 
estate prices also? 
R. Sridhar 
Let me answer this in two parts, the first part is our real estate book is about 20, may be 25% 
thereabouts of the total book. Within corporate lending we have real estate and non-real estate. 
The total balance sheet size is about Rs.9000 Crores and the real estate book is just Rs.2500 
Crores. Within this segment, in the last three or four years we have been focusing on larger 
developers in Mumbai. That is because, we consciously took a call about three to four years back 
that the other locations, the other metros were slowing down, so we started focusing only on 
larger developers in Mumbai, who have residential projects in Mira road, Borivali, Kandivali, 
Thane or Kalyan. We have stayed away from the luxury segments; we focus on apartment ticket 
size between Rs.60 lakhs and Rs.2-3 Crores, which today people call affordable housing 
segment, but that is what we have always been doing because the cash flows are much faster here 
and also backed by project completion. So, we have been doing that for the last more than five, 
six years and we will continue to do that. We have never done anything in the luxury segment. 
The pain that you have been seeing have been in the smaller developers across India that is 
because of the consolidation that has started happening two to three years back and which was 
kind of accelerated after demonetisation, RERA and GST and there has been consolidation 
towards larger developers, which we feel will continue over a period of time. The smaller guys 
will get phased out of the market that is one, and the other pain factor was in the luxury segment, 
which as I said we have not done, we do not do projects where apartment ticket size is above 
Rs.4-5 Crores, so because of that we have not been impacted much because of the pain in the real 
estate segment. That being said if we are talking about the overall market yes definitely there has 
been a slow-down in the overall market and the cash flows have slowed down, but the kind of 
developers that we are working with, the size of the developers, the spends in those micro 
markets that we are doing we have not experienced much slow down there, so we kind of picked 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 5 of 12 
and chose what kind of developers we want to work with and what kind of projects and that you 
can see in the portfolio how the repayments and prepayments happened over a period of time. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
And generally as a market, is my understanding correct that the belief is that for fair part of the 
market, which may be the organized players as well as the larger ones, the funding should not be 
an issue after this liquidity the whole crunch is over? 
Shailesh Shirali 
I do not think so, in fact like there has been consolidation in real estate space and projects have 
moved more towards the larger developers, there will also be a flight-to-quality from the lender 
side and the larger developers I do not think over a period of time they will find it difficult to get 
debt or equity for their projects. 
Kashyap Jhaveri: 
Thank you very much Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Raj Purohit from JHP Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Raj Purohit: Sir in the SME segment we have seen that government through some online means is pulling 
SME segments in the finance, so our ticket size is also close to Rs.1 Crore and up to Rs.1 Crore 
they are giving collateral free loan, so do we see this competition increases? 
Prashant Joshi 
This segment actually has been in the past collateral free loans up to Rs.1 Crore, which has been 
dominated by banks and while these were collateral free loans clearly most of the banks use the 
guarantee mechanism of SEBI to lend against that. There are two things, which have happened, 
one is now NBFCs also have that guarantee mechanism so if you want we can access through 
that route as well and the second as all of you know not all the banks are in a great place as far as 
incremental lending is concerned, so in that sense it is not really a threat that would affect the 
volumes that we would be able to generate through our own SME business. 
Siddharth Raj Purohit: In SME our average tenure is 15 years, can you just explain what kind of loan because 15 years 
seems high? 
Prashant Joshi 
The 15 years is a contractual tenure in however what we have experienced, we have been doing 
this business now for three-and-a-half years and in general we have seen that every year we get 
prepaid to the extent of about one fifth of our opening portfolio for that year and that is the 
experience that we have had, so really speaking behavioural maturity of this loan is more like 
four to five years, so while the contractual maturity is indeed in between 12 to 15 years, but the 
behavioural maturity is more four to five years. 
Siddharth Raj Purohit: Fine Sir. Thank you. All the best. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rachit Agarwal, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rachit Agarwal: 
First of all congratulations on good set of results. There are some discussions on the corporate 
real estate exposure although I understand that it is a small part of the book, but given the ticket 
sizes are larger in the segment just a couple of more special questions on it, if you may allow me. 
Sir you said most of the exposure is to the larger developers in Mumbai, I understand there was 
one exposure to a real estate development firm and that real estate development firm has been 
under pressure for some time, so just wanted to understand that exposure is doing fine or if there 
have been any delays on that exposure? 
Shailesh Shirali 
No, it is doing okay, we have started with a higher exposure three to four years back, it is now 
down to about Rs.50-55 Crores now. 
Rachit Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot and any of the NPAs on our books part of the real estate portfolio? 
Shailesh Shirali 
No, we have only one NPA in our books, this was a paper company when we gave the loan it was 
Rs.90 Crores peak exposure when it turn NPA the exposure was Rs.65 Crores. We have 
recovered most of it. We are down to about Rs.19-20 Crores now. 
Rachit Agarwal: 
Great sir. That is very heartening. Thanks a lot for answering the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mamtesh Sugla from New Quest Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mamtesh Sugla: 
Thank you for the opportunity, just wanted to clarify for corporate lending segment, how many 
number of borrowers do we have and what is the average ticket size? 
Shailesh Shirali 
Last quarter was about Rs.150 to Rs.200 Crores ticket size that is because we focus on larger 
borrowers and we typically have about 50 to 60 borrowers on our books at a time. 
Mamtesh Sugla: 
Thanks and will it be possible for you to comment on the top five exposures and if we have 
experienced any delays in payments over the last 30 days or if we are aware of these large 
accounts defaulting with other banks given there has been some press around Mumbai based 
developers defaulting with other NBFCs? 
Shailesh Shirali 
So the larger exposures we have our developers like Kalpataru, Kanakia, Puranik, there is JP 
infra in Mumbai, so these are the larger developers. In non-real estate there is Venkateshwara 
Hatcheries and none of them have delayed payments to any of their lenders. 
Mamtesh Sugla: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
Sorry I joined the call late so I might have missed the initial comments on liquidity. I see your 
borrowing mix is fairly diversified, but if you could just throw some light in last one month what 
sort of borrowings you have been able to do from the money markets and from banks and what is 
the differential in terms of the marginal cost of borrowing? 
R. Sridhar 
We have not borrowed any money during the last 30 days because we are comfortable with our 
liquidity position. If you had looked at our liquidity update, which we have filed as of September 
30, 2018 you will find that our 18 months starting from October-18 to March 2020, month-over-
month in all buckets we have been positive and we have an excess of around Rs.800 Crores. 
Apart from that, we have about Rs.650 Crores of sanctioned limits, which the banks have told us 
that they will start lending from November 1, 2018, so as told today we have already received 
around Rs.150 Crores, we are likely to receive on a daily basis this money and then we have 
newer proposals also, which got sanctioned, some mutual fund money is coming, some 
securitization is going through, so from all sources I think we should be in a comfortable position 
with regard to cash, so our ALM is intact, our debt equity is only 2:1 and our asset quality is 
fantastic, money flow from new sanctions are coming, so we are confident that we should be able 
to go through with our original plan of lending, which is Rs.500 to Rs.600 Crores per month 
quite easily that is our belief as of now. 
Umang Shah: 
So fair to say that for you things have pretty much normalized or probably by the end of this 
month it would be pretty much business as usual for you guys? 
R. Sridhar 
Correct. 
Umang Shah: 
So Mr. Sridhar while I have you on the line, on vehicle finance business also if you could just 
throw some light so clearly there have been some mixed kind of reviews about the demand at the 
beginning of the festive season and stuff like that obviously there have been increasing costs on 
the insurance side, fuel costs have been rising so what is your outlook on the vehicle finance 
business not from immediate one or two quarter perspective, but clearly from next one to two 
years perspective and how do you see IndoStar’s book shaping up? 
R. Sridhar 
Our presence is 70% in used vehicles and 30% in new and we are catering to a segment of 
customers, who are two or three vehicle owners. In this segment, we have a few companies, 
which are competing with us, but we have created 136 branches and 1060 people network who 
have had experience of 5 to 20 years in the same business so we had a good start from December 
2017. We have done in the first 10 months around Rs.750 Crores of lending, which at the last 
month current run rate we will see that we have done around Rs.130 Crores, which is about Rs.1 
Crore per month per branch and we have also looked at the contribution from branches. The 
branches, which we have opened first three months, December, January, February, 75% of the 
branches, have already started making positive contribution, so we do feel that in 12 to 15 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 8 of 12 
months run up each branch will break even as we have committed earlier. The demand for 
commercial vehicle continues to be good except only one dampening factor is the fuel prices. 
Normally when the fuel prices go up the freight rates also get adjusted, but there is always a lag 
effect, so now the fuel prices have gone up substantially the truck operators, the main truck 
operators will be discussing negotiating the rates and the freight rates will follow, you know it 
will go up, in the meantime the operating cost will take a hit and because of that the truck sales 
may little bit dampen, but as far as we are concerned since we are predominantly present in used 
vehicles we are not hit by the new vehicle sale, in the new vehicle market our presence is only 
30% and in terms of quantum it is only 30 to 40 Crores per month, so that is not a big deal 
compared to the large people who are present in that market. As we have started new and our 
disbursements per month is Rs.125 to Rs.150 Crores we may not be impacted in a big way even 
if there is a small slow down because of the fuel price increase. 
Umang Shah: 
Right, that is helpful and on the corporate side I do see that this quarter we had roughly about 
Rs.700, Rs.800 Crores of repayments this appears to be slightly higher than the usual run rate or 
is it just the disbursements have been lower this quarter and hence the impact on AUM is looking 
higher? 
Shailesh Shirali 
This quarter the prepayments were a little higher because couple of real estate projects got 
refinanced by banks so they all came in at the same time, otherwise we do not see such high 
prepayments in one quarter. 
Umang Shah: 
Got that and on the home loan business let us say before this whole liquidity incident happened 
there was a competition between banks, HFCs and NBFCs and clearly for relatively smaller 
players like us, the differential in the cost of funds, so there was ex-differential now post the 
crisis clearly that differential rises and advantage further shifts in favour of banks and larger 
HFCs, in view of that what would be our strategy to kind of scale up the home loan business? 
R. Sridhar 
Our presence is going to be only in affordable home finance. We have been lending at around 
12.5% to 13% and our segment is self assessed income category and self-employed people. Our 
disbursement is Rs.40 to Rs.50 Crores per month, so that even if the cost of funds go up we will 
increase the rate and there is no problem in this segment of customers unlike the salaried segment 
of customers where there is huge competition from banks, so I do not think this will have any 
impact even if the cost of funds go up 50 to 75 basis points in the future. 
Umang Shah: 
Thank you so much and wish you all the best. If I have more questions I will come in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Sapra, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Sapra: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir what would be our incremental cost of funds for this quarter? 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Pankaj Thapar 
As we mentioned during October we have not so far taken any disbursements; however, the cost 
of money that we are getting medium term money, which is our preferred mode of financing we 
would expect it to be somewhere between 50 to 100 basis points higher than what we have 
borrowed in the previous quarter. The exact impact will be a function of what quantum of money 
we draw because we have about Rs.5600 Crores of debt currently outstanding, so assuming at 
our Rs.1000 Crores at 100 basis points more the impact of that will only be about 15 basis points. 
Dhruv Sapra: 
Secondly sir, in the current scenario is it easy to pass on the incremental cost of funds to the 
customers and what the current situation would be? 
R. Sridhar 
It is possible because we are in two high yielding segments viz. corporate lending business and 
vehicle financing. In the corporate lending segment, we can pass on cost increases, but the 
vehicle finance is only the fixed lending, so we will not be able to reprice the earlier loans, but 
for new loans, we will be able to increase rates. SME and home loans are offered on  floating 
rates and repricing is relatively easier.  
Dhruv Sapra: 
Thank You so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Karkhanis, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sagar Karkhanis: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Can you just let us know how many more branches are we 
planning to open this year and what would be the target the cost of income ratio or the impact on 
the cost of income ratio we are expecting? 
R. Sridhar 
In our first phase, we opened around 125 to 130 which was there in our original plans and we 
have also planned to have coexisting branches because there are three lines of business we do in 
retail, SME, housing finance and vehicle financing. ,We have opened around 136 branches so far 
in phase 1 and these branches we have seen the performance and we have worked out the 
contribution and as I mentioned earlier in the first three months we have opened around 40-50 
branches, 75% of those branches have already started making positive contribution, so as 
mentioned earlier and also during our road show we would like first to breakeven these branches 
and then only look at second phase of branches, so till these branches breakeven, which we 
estimate from the current performance it will take about 12 to 15 months so after that we will 
look at opening the second phase of branches till then we will not get into any new branch 
opening and the cost to income ratio, which went up because of setting up this kind of an 
infrastructure and people, it has come down by 650 basis points during this quarter to around 
37% so earlier it was 44% now it has come to 37%, so it is trending lower so if we do not open 
new branches and recruit more people it will trend down in every quarter. 
Sagar Karkhanis: 
We had guided for Rs.12000 Crore of loan book by end of FY2019 do we still hold that 
guidance? 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 10 of 12 
R. Sridhar 
As per our disbursement ability and the potential of the verticals, the business lines we have I am 
very confident, but today it is subject to liquidity and in that also I am very confident that it will 
be possible, but at this point of time it is difficult to commit. It would be better if we wait for 
another one month and look at how the liquidity position changes in the market place. We are 
getting positive feedback from the banks and mutual funds and other institutions. In October 
week-on-week liquidity has improved and I am hopeful that things will drastically change and we 
should be able to go as per our original plan. 
Sagar Karkhanis: 
Any exposure to IL&FS or any of the SPVs? 
Pankaj Thapar 
No, no, not at all, not even in the debt funds in which we hold our liquid surpluses. 
Sagar Karkhanis: 
Thanks a lot Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mamtesh Sugla from New Quest Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mamtesh Sugla: 
Thanks again for the opportunity. Just wanted to clarify on vehicle finance and thank you for 
providing details of each business lines, which is really helpful. You have mentioned the phase 1 
of expansion is over, can you elaborate on the phase 2, how many branches are we looking, I 
understand it will be 12 to 18 months later and second question related to this as what do we 
expect the stable state cost to income ratio in the segment to be? 
R. Sridhar 
We are not planning to open any branch now, unless and until all these phase 1 branches 
breakeven, which would be middle of next year or Q1 of next year so after that only we will plan. 
The number of branch additions is in our hand so we will decide, but as of now we do not have 
any number in mind. The cost to income ratio, which we started up with 40 plus has now come 
below 40 and we are at 37%, so it should trend lower if we do not start incurring anymore branch 
expenses, so if we take this as a batch we should move down, over a period of time in two- or 
three-years’ time I think we should be around between 25% and 30%. 
Mamtesh Sugla: 
This is for the overall business? 
R. Sridhar 
Overall company. 
Mamtesh Sugla: 
Thank you so much for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rachit Agarwal, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rachit Agarwal: 
Sir this is regarding the new products, are we looking at launching new products say in 12 
months time or after that? 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 11 of 12 
R. Sridhar 
No, as of now whatever we have launched like vehicle, SME, home loans in that affordable only 
and corporate lending that is enough. We have so many products on hand and that depends on the 
potential also, so if you read the CRISIL reports they clearly say these are all the four lines of 
business, which will have extraordinary potential for growth. We have been fortunate to go into 
those four lines so we would like to stick to that and then as philosophically we have been 
lending only to secured with collateral, we have not done any unsecured lending and also we 
have not done any loans for consumption, so we would like to stick to that kind of philosophy in 
choosing lines of business. 
Rachit Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naitik Mody from OHM portfolio. Please go 
ahead. 
Naitik Mody: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir in terms of the branches could you give us a sense of what 
could be the business generated by each branches at peak levels may be in a couple of years’ 
time? 
R. Sridhar 
It depends on the number of people we give, so it is own sourcing business in a vehicle finance. 
So it depends on the productivity initially it will be lower then it can grow faster so if you take a 
three-year loan on an average and we do around Rs.1 Crore, Rs.1.5 Crores per month, so we can 
go to a business of AUM of Rs.30 to Rs.40 Crores per branch. 
Naitik Mody: 
In vehicle finance? 
R. Sridhar 
In vehicle finance with good efficiency and asset quality and profitability, Rs.30 to Rs.40 Crores 
can be managed under one roof. 
Naitik Mody: 
How about the other two businesses, SME and housing? 
R. Sridhar: 
In terms of SME business we are already at almost in average of Rs.200 Crores per branch and 
there are larger branches, which are already housing about Rs.400 Crores of book, so I do not see 
a challenge in the same 10 locations where we are I think we can grow in a multifold in the same 
10 branches at least for the next three years. As far as housing finance is concerned, pretty much 
like vehicle finance I think one crore per month would be the run rate at which we will be 
reasonably happy that the branch can then start breaking even and one branch can handle up to 
again Rs.30 to Rs.40 Crores pretty much similar to what vehicle finance has. 
Naitik Mody: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this is the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
November 1, 2018 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Pankaj Thapar: 
Thank you all for joining the conference. Just a couple of points to add to what has come up in 
the Q&A and what Mr. Sridhar mentioned in his initial commentary. This has been a strong 
quarter. We expect the trajectory to continue, but for obvious reasons we cannot offer any 
numeric guidance around that. From our perspective we had consciously taken the call with our 
philosophy to be conservative and not rush to the market to draw money because we had 
sufficient liquidity. As the market has cooled off a little bit we have started the draw down 
process in fact effective today as we mentioned during the call, which we expect to allow us to 
catch up for the brief fall that we had during October in terms of disbursement of loans and if this 
trajectory continues, which we believe should be the case, we expect to recover a little bit of fall 
that we had during the month. The other piece is as I am sure all of you would have picked up 
that the Board deliberated and adopted a dividend policy and we declared, after eight years of 
reinvesting all of our profits, a maiden dividend yesterday for which distribution will happen 
within November and then subject to the profit trajectory for the remaining half of the year we 
will look at obviously recommending to the board to consider a top up at the end of the year. 
Thank you for your participation everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentleman, on behalf of Motilal Oswal Securities that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
