09th November 2018
Dear Sirs,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Q2 & H1 FY 2019 results
This is further to our intimation dated 25th October 2018 pursuant to Regulation 30 of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, regarding the
conference call to discuss the Q2 & H1 FY 2019 Financial performance of the Company.
The transcript of the conference call held on Friday, November 02nd 2018 is enclosed for
your reference and records.
Thanking you.
Yours faithfully,
For Orient Green Power Company Limited
P Srinivasan
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl: as above
The BSE Limited
Corporate Relations Department,
P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400 001.
Scrip Code: 533263
The National Stock Exchange
of India Limited
Department of Corporate Services,
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Mumbai-400 051.
Scrip Code:  GREENPOWER

 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
Orient Green Power Company Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Conference Call  
November 2, 2018 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Orient Green Power Company 
Limited’s Q2 FY19 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from 
CDR India. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Vaswani.  
 
Mayank Vaswani 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I welcome all of you to Orient Green Power 
Company Limited’s Earnings conference call to discuss the performance for the quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2018. 
 
We have with us today Mr. S. Venkatachalam – CEO & Managing Director and Mr. K. 
V. Kasturi, Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
Documents relating to our financial performance have been emailed to all of you earlier 
and these have also been posted on our corporate website. 
I would now like to hand the floor over to Mr. Venkatachalam. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
S. Venkatachalam        Thank you Mayank and a very good afternoon to all of you and thanks for joining the 
investor call. I trust all of you would have had a look at the results and gone through the 
Investor presentation that was circulated earlier. I will focus my discussion talking about 
the key operating developments during the quarter following which Kasturi will take you 
through our financial performance in detail. 
Starting with the headline numbers – I would just like to state that one needs to take 
into account the fact that we have had a late start to the wind season this year which 
resulted in lower revenue and unit generation for the period under review. As you may 
recall, we had an overall shortfall of 50 mm units of power generation in Q1, due to the 
late start of the wind season by about 15 days. The wind season started in end-May as 
against the usual mid-May, which affected the revenues and EBITDA for the first half. 
However during Q2, we significantly made up for the loss by about 37 Mn unit leading 
to a shortfall of only about 13 mn units. The overall Turnover for H1 stood at Rs 249 Cr 
as against Rs 296 Cr in the first half of the previous year. In addition, one also needs to 
consider the fact that the base period had an exceptional income of ~Rs. 16 crore and 
RECs were accounted at Rs. 1,500 per certificate, which is not the case at present. We 
are now accounting it at Rs. 1,000 per certificate as per the Supreme Court order.  The 
difference in RECs certificate accounts for around Rs, 9 crore. When one takes the 
above factors into account one can infer that we have performed reasonably well.  

 
Page 2 of 10 
With that out of the way let me now focus on the positive developments on the                   
macro and micro (Company specific) level. 
Power demand across the country continues to rise steadily with both residential and 
industrial demand reflecting the continuing rise in level of activity and consumption. 
Challenges in operating thermal capacity to its optimum level resulted in mismatches 
during peak hours and there has been an increase in load shedding and rationing of 
power. At the same time diesel prices have risen sharply so the cost of generation has 
also increased disproportionately. 
In this backdrop renewable energy continued to become more relevant each day 
offering a sustainable solution with improvement in technology also elevating reliability 
and stability in power generation. In fact, the Power minister is talking about the growth 
mainly coming from the Renewable energy and the growth projections within the power 
ministry is of about 8% Y-o-Y for the next few years. The mismatch in demand and 
supply is best reflected in spot rates of merchant power. The inflationary environment 
has shaken up the general assumption of a linear and sustained decline in power tariffs 
across the country. There has been wake up of another kind – Regulators & Banks 
have woken up to the unsustainable bids in the Renewable energy space and the era 
of quoting abysmally low bids seems to be now nearing an end. There have been few 
instances of withdrawal by winning bidders citing inability to sustain projects at the 
economics of the winning bid. We are also hearing instances of banks refusing to 
extend credit terms to projects where they are not entirely convinced of viability. This 
renewed emphasis on discipline and responsible lending will strengthen the sector 
economics and benefit the serious long term players.  
The biggest positive development from the industry perspective has been the sharp 
improvement in grid availability. The transformation has been really remarkable. I say 
remarkable, largely in context of the time frame in which we have been able to achieve 
this transformation. Recurring grid back-down, as many of you may recollect was the 
primary reason attributed by most of the industry participants for the softness in their 
performance. However, things have now changed for the better wherein grid availability 
in excess of 90% has become the norm. The improvement is largely owing to the 
efforts undertaken by the association & TANGEDCO. 
The second positive development from an industry perspective has been the revival 
witnessed in the REC market. Similar to the grid back down situation, the buoyancy 
observed in REC market in recent times has been nothing short of a miracle. Primary 
reason for the revival has been the change in the approach of the regulatory agencies 
–stricter enforcement of norms. Buyers are no longer allowed to escape meeting their 
mandatory quota without penalties – which has resulted in a strong pick up in trading 
volumes on the exchanges. Such has been the reversal that we have been able to 
liquidate our entire inventory during the quarter. In fact this is the third consecutive 
quarter wherein we have been able to do that. In addition, it has also resulted in 
certificates getting traded above their floor price, a heartening phenomenon indeed. 
Revenues under the REC mechanism amounted to Rs. 9.5 crore for the quarter and 
Rs. 13.9 crore during the first half.   
Over the last two quarters, REC trading has been 100% and, in fact trading at Rs 100-
200 above the floor price of Rs 1,000. We have sold 1.27 lakh certificates at an 
average price of Rs 1,100. The last two trading sessions in September and October 
and November were over Rs 1,200. This has been a very positive development for the 
company and the industry as a whole. In fact, if you recall, the REC mechanism was 
meant to be a trading mechanism with a floor and a cap. 
Now let me move on to the micro – Company specific initiatives which we have 
undertaken in recent times. Firstly, we have right sized our business by selling off the 

 
Page 3 of 10 
loss making biomass business. We are now a pure play Wind energy generating 
company, focused on strengthening our leadership position in the renewable energy 
space. With the divestment of our biomass business, OGPL has become a pure wind 
company and the prospects look a lot brighter. With a 425 MW portfolio, our major area 
of concern was the grid availability in TN where about 310 MW of our wind assets are 
located. Over the years, with lots of efforts from the association and TN utility, we have 
been able to get around 95 % grid availability over the last two years leading to an 
improved performance. The grid availabilities in A.P. where we have capacity of 75 MW 
and Gujarat where we operate 29 MW have always been good. 
Secondly we have made progress in addressing our debt obligations. Higher interest 
outgo owing to stretched balance sheet would result in the business reporting losses at 
the PAT level despite performing consistently at the EBITDA level. We have been 
successful in refinancing part of our high cost debt and Kasturi will talk about this in 
detail but I would just like to point out that we have successfully re-financed some of 
our debts in the old wind assets with lower interest rates and longer tenures. We are 
also actively working towards completing refinancing of our Beta loans of around Rs 
950 cr. It is a positive development, which will not only help us to improve the 
profitability of the business but will also aid in improving the cash flow and liquidity 
position.    
With that let me conclude, my opening remarks, by saying that we believe we are in a 
much better position to deliver growth and create value for our shareholders. The 
legacy issues are behind us, we are now much focused and confident of delivering 
consistent performance going forward. 
That’s it from me and I now hand over to Kasturi who will take you through the 
financials. 
K.V. Kasturi 
Thank you Mr. Venkatachalam. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for taking the 
time to join our earnings call. I will briefly run you through our financial performance for 
the period under review, post which we can start the Q&A session. 
Starting with the top line, total income for the quarter stood at Rs. 150 crore as against 
Rs. 163 crore reported during corresponding quarter last year, while on a half yearly 
basis the same stood at Rs. 249 crore as against Rs. 296 crore, lower by 9% & 16% 
respectively. The decline was largely owing to the reasons mentioned by Mr. 
Venkatachalam earlier during the call. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 123 crore against Rs. 135 crore reported in Q2 
FY18 while on a half yearly basis the same stood at Rs. 199 crore as against Rs. 242 
crore generated in H1 FY18, lower by 9% & 18% respectively. Here again, the 
reduction was largely owing to the same factors mentioned earlier. 
Depreciation for the quarter stood at Rs. 30 crore as against Rs. 32 crore reported 
during Q2 FY18, while on a half year basis the same stood at Rs. 59 crore as against 
Rs.63 crore registered in H1 FY18. Going forward as well, the depreciation charges 
should stay lower given that biomass assets are now off the books. 
Moving on to Interest expense, we are pleased to report that our debt rationalization 
strategies have resulted in the lowering the finance outgo in recent times. We have 
been successful in refinancing part of our high cost debt and at the same time securing 
extension on our existing maturities. We have successfully refinanced one tranche of 
existing loans amounting to Rs. 100 crore at a reduced rate of 12.75% from 18% p.a. 
earlier. w.e.f. 1st July 2017.  The reduction in interest cost which we saved annually is 
about Rs. 5 crore. Also, loans amounting to Rs. 765 crore which were restructured 
under 5/25 scheme will now be refinanced on MCLR rates which are approx. 100 bps 

 
Page 4 of 10 
lower than prevailing rates of 13%. The combination of the above measures have 
resulted in not only improving the profitability of the business but at the same time has 
also eased and improved the liquidity profile of the Company as well. We expect the 
cash flow and liquidity position to be fairly comfortable on the back of the above 
measures. 
 
A quick word on RECs – we have seen significant improvement and buoyancy in the 
REC market in recent quarters largely owing to the strict enforcement of regulations. 
Demand and trading volumes continued to remain strong – enabling us as Mr. 
Venkatachalam said earlier to liquidate our entire REC inventory during the quarter. 
That’s the third fourth consecutive quarter wherein we have been able to do that. 
Higher trading volumes also enabled liquidation of some of the certificates above their 
floor price. The upswing in the trading activity has resulted in REC’s emerging into a 
reliable revenue stream for the Company. We secured revenues worth Rs. 9 crore via 
RECs during the quarter, while for H1 we generated revenues worth Rs. 14 crore. We 
are hopeful of the momentum in REC trading continuing in the future. 
To conclude, we believe that we are well placed to deliver consistent growth going 
forward owing to our strategic initiatives and supporting macros.  
That’s all from me. We can now take your questions. 
Moderator 
The first question is from the line of Denny John, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Denny John 
Sir, I am a retail investor holding your Company’s share for a long time. Despite 
delivering good performance in recent times, our stock price somehow is not moving 
higher. What would you say about that?    
S. Venkatachalam 
I would like to respond with a couple of points. Basically if you see the history of the 
company when we invested we actually invested in the best wind sites across the 
country in fact mainly in Tamil Nadu where the best wind sites that are available and 
then in the wind over the last 3-4 years in fact we suffered a huge amount of grid 
background and therefore we suffered about Rs.300 crore of loss both in terms of 
which is basically from the top line and will go straight down to the EBITDA and PBT 
levels. We were in fact supported by the Group to at least to come through a proper 
level with the bank so that we at least that was the banks. So, the Group is actually 
supported is by about Rs.700 crore to tide over this particular crisis. The second thing 
that happened was the biomass business we actually set it up, the fuels were almost 
free and then the tariffs were just about Rs. 4-5 kind of a tariff. Then the fuel prices 
went up putting the entire biomass industry in the country is to a spin, actually that's 
when if you see 2008 to 2010 years when most of the people invested in biomass 
heavily. After that fuel prices started firming up there has been no further investment in 
biomass as such. So, these two issues really complicated the overall sector. In fact, 
you are aware of the issues that the power sector itself is facing and going forward now 
we have done a few things as Kasturi mentioned that we divested the biomass 
business to our Group company. The second thing is the wind which we are in; the 
tariffs are in excess of Rs. 5 on an average. So, the overall we see good profitable 
times ahead. Now the way the share market reacts I will really not be able to comment 
because these are all very speculative trading and in fact the small and mid caps over 
the last few quarters have really taken a beating. So, we do hope that there will be a 
correction as far as the share prices in small and mid-cap companies are concerned. 
Denny John 
What I understand is it's a very closely held company where public shareholding is very 
less. But how is this price coming down this much from below Rs. 10 somebody should 
be selling, is there any promoter or you have pledged most of your shares? 

 
Page 5 of 10 
S. Venkatachalam 
Not at all, in fact none of the promoters are, all holding onto their shares and we are 
also hopeful of good times for you as well as for the entire company as a whole. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemant Thillaisthanam from Elysium 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Hemant Thillaisthanam 
If you look at thermal power today it's composed of a two-part tariff structure. 
So, there is a fixed cost and there is a variable cost, now assuming the fixed cost of 
around Rs.1.6 per unit I'm just thinking why would it make sense for a DISCOM to 
broker renewable power even if the fixed rate it at Rs. 2.5 per unit. Because in this case 
the total switching cost for a DISCOM would be over Rs. 4 per unit so as long as there 
are thermal PPAs which are priced lower than this total blended rate I mean rationally a 
DISCOM would default on its renewable purchase obligation. So, what is the long-term 
situation here and what is the mechanism that can induce DISCOMS to switch to a 
renewable DISCOM? 
S. Venkatachalam 
In fact, that's a good question really speaking. Now if you see just not the thermal 
power cost that one should take into account, the average power purchase price of 
most of the DISCOMS and most of the states is hovering around Rs.4.5 is where the 
average power purchase prices hovering around. That includes the thermal power 
which they have been buying. In fact, only some of the thermal power units are at a 
very low kind of a cost where they have got coal allocation directly next to their units 
itself. There are two things, one is when the thermal power plant is not running the 
state also or they are not able to evacuate thermal power plant. The state necessarily 
has to give them the fixed cost in most of the PPAs that have been signed. So, one is 
they will try to maximize or at least try to utilize the available thermal power and then go 
on to the wind power. Now but going forward what the Government has been looking 
at, they are looking at the different perspective altogether. They are looking at an 8% 
growth which I would say more like 6% to 7% but they are bullish on the figures 
because they see one is the electrification of villages and the lifestyle changes and so 
on and so forth. They are projecting an 8% growth and they would like it to 
predominantly come from renewables which is below the Rs. 3 mark. I will not even say 
below Rs.2.5 which some people would say. But now it is kind of firming up in last 10 
days it has also gone at Rs.2.77, etc. So, to that extent it's not just the fixed cost 
because the thermal power plant not only the fixed cost they have to look at the overall 
cost including the finance cost, etc. which many of the thermal power plants have gone 
into kind of severe problems because of the banks are not able to finance, they 
themselves are not able to fulfill the bank obligations and so on and so forth. So, I think 
overall one has to take the fixed cost, the average power purchase as the benchmark 
rather than just a fixed cost of the thermal power plant alone. 
K.V. Kasturi 
I just want to add to that Hemant, I think recently there is what is called—suggestions 
have been—the ministry has called for it. I think by first week of November they have to 
get the suggestions where there is a proposal to make a uniform pricing across the 
country like how the telecoms similar to that and they would like to dismantle all the 
cross-subsidies and all those things going forward. And today also there was a news 
about subsidy to farmers like how today DPT operating for the gas and other things and 
for the agricultural farmers they are likely to move that some sort of DPT concept so 
that the pricing is uniform across the system. And this will also help to large extent what 
if the cross-subsidy happens from industry to domestic and all those things will be 
dismantled very shortly. Maybe in the postelection it will happen. But there is a serious 
discussion going on especially on the pricing disparity between the domestic and 
nondomestic. So, once you dismantle all the cross subsidies so there will be some 
parallel of the price tariff will be more attractive for people to come to the system. 
Hemant Thillaisthanam 
Very interesting but would this apply on prospective PPAs? 

 
Page 6 of 10 
K.V. Kasturi 
Whatever I'm talking is only prospective maybe one year down the line because since 
election is in six months nothing will happen. Probably the postelection the thing will be 
moving in. I think maybe somewhere end of December ‘19 they will take a view on all 
this tariff and other things because today the attractiveness of investments in 
renewable sector is currently at a low level because of this tariff issue and 
uneconomical to run the plant whether it is solar or for that matter wind, everything is 
under a difficult position because considering there is an increase in dollar pricing and 
all those things are making it more unviable. So, definitely the ministry also will be 
thinking in that line to make it more attractive for investments to come to achieve that 
100 GW of the target actually. 
S. Venkatachalam 
In fact, one of the reasons why the issues between the Government and RBI is for the 
power sector alone in fact they are looking at, the RBI is trying to give relaxed norms 
for the power sector because many of them are receiving their payments late. Secondly 
many of the Thermal power plants with 30 to 40 GW of thermal power plants are lying 
in limbo with their coal blocks being canceled, etc. Thirdly the wind itself the banks are 
not very comfortable and lending to developers in wind and solar who have quoted very 
low tariffs in the bids. But I think that will get corrected over a period of time. In fact, 
Government even attempted to cancel a bid which was from SoftBank it has bought 
Rs.2.70 when the lowest quote is about Rs.2.44 from ACME. So, they try to cancel that 
bid in of course they are also aware that these are not really reasons to bid. But then in 
fact I attended a very interesting our conference conducted by the Power Minister 
himself with the leading bankers, about 15 banks the senior most people were there 
from them and the topic was why the banks are not lending to the renewable energy 
sector. Of course, it’s most right to say that the tariffs are not viable but then the Power 
Minister shot them down by saying that if the developers are quoting Rs.2.50 or below I 
mean they would obviously know their business. So, the developers also the equally to 
blame for spoiling the market like this. But then of course the banks came up with 
delayed payments and other things which he said ‘okay they will definitely look at those 
issues which are more concerning than the tariff itself’. So, I think they are aware of it 
and that are trying to take some corrective actions. They are also trying to talk to the 
RBI which has gone into a different kind of issue now but they are also trying to get the 
RBI to relax norms for the infrastructure and specifically the power sector itself. 
Hemant Thillaisthanam 
Very interesting to hear this I mean the reason why asked is about 340 GW of 
total generation capacity currently and we use half of that. If you look at the demand 
supply situation of generation asset itself rather than progressing on prospective 
addition to any form whether it is thermal or renewable, it’s creating a situation where 
thermal PLFs are at 69, south of 70 and renewables are also not really getting 
executed as you are saying. So, you have a scenario where neither generation utilities 
are really in a commanding position. 
S. Venkatachalam 
But the PLFs have actually improved this year from last year to 60%-61% it has gone 
northwards because of the power shortage overall and also the spot market trading of 
power which has been at peaks for the last few weeks as such. So, these are in a way 
positive signs I mean if we call shortage of power positive sign that is the way to look at 
it. 
Hemant Thillaisthanam 
The second thing which I wanted to check with you although there is a 
geographic imbalance in terms of the demand and generation centers for power in the 
country. Now could you just maybe spend a few minutes sharing your thoughts on the 
state of transmission and is the existing transmission capacity enough to match 
demand and supply and not have power shortages and will an increase in transmission 
capacities influence adoption behavior in favor of the renewables? 
S. Venkatachalam 
Basically the Government is working quite fast on improving the transmission 
capacities so that the power can freely flow across the country to the farther most parts 
of the country as such. So, that will still take some time and I guess about 5 to 6 

 
Page 7 of 10 
months before we come to that situation where it can freely flow across the country. As 
of now there are still constraints in the grid and that is why we are having these power 
shortages and in certain places power outages. But as we go forward they are looking 
at a uniform kind of a tariff across the country. They have got a lot of good thoughts in 
mind doing away with the cross-subsidy charges and so on and so forth. So, there is 
some uniformity and it doesn't matter where you buy your power from. In future maybe 
even privatizing of the distribution, etc. may have its own repercussions. So, it will be 
like you can choose from whether it's Airtel or Vodafone or Jio, etc. So, those kinds of 
things would come in the power sector in a much later future, probably couple of years 
down the line I can say. 
Hemant Thillaisthanam 
Just one question as well from the previous point which you made, what is the 
level of engagement and interest in the Power Ministry level and amongst the industry 
level conferences as well in terms of fixing the situation on a longer-term basis? Would 
you say that it is far more positive today than what it was 5 years ago? 
S. Venkatachalam 
Very much, in fact that you will see basically since the new Power Minister has come 
Mr. R. K. Singh few things he has done, in first few months he was listening and then 
the first thing that he did was he tightened up the REC mechanism. In fact, he took no 
nonsense approach with the various states saying that there will be penalties if you do 
not fulfilled obligations. So, at least to that extent he has been able to promote 
renewables. Second is they are trying to get more and more tenders in fact they have 
got another 20,000 MW tender in the pipeline. Of course one will have to wait and 
watch as to how many these are bid and at what rate these are bid because there has 
been a little temporary setback in terms of bidding because the tariffs are far too low for 
people to showing interest in it. But the ministry seems hell-bent on taking it forward 
because they see the kind of power demand they are projecting as I said about 8% 
growth in power demand which may be a little unrealistic at the present moment but 
going forward this could become a reality. Now they are very keen on also trying to 
solve as much as possible the thermal power plants which are languishing because of 
lack of coal block allocation and so on and so forth. But when you hear the minister this 
week at his various forums—of course in the renewable energy for him he will talk little 
more towards renewable energy side—but they are quite concerned and they really 
want to take up the issues that's why the bankers were called for a big meeting last 
month in Hotel Ashoka Delhi and they were really trying to address these issues about 
delays in payments and all these where the power sector gets the necessary push and 
the lenders should be comfortable and also the developers of whether it is thermal or 
renewable energy. There has been a lot of intent but the intent is beginning of the 
results so let’s see when these will translate into actual results in the next few quarters 
to come. 
Hemant Thillaisthanam 
With all that happening in the financial markets over the last few months do you 
see that having a bearing on your refinancing efforts on your existing debt? 
K.V. Kasturi 
We are working on the especially on the Beta Wind Farm. Probably I think we will be 
able to crack it by before end of this year, by Jan to March quarter where we are 
looking to look at it more. Now we are working with the 2-3 institutions. Hopefully we 
would file to close it by end of March. At least we would be looking at something like 
100-150 basis points reduction from current rate. Current year average is around 
12.6%, so we are planning to bring down to around 11% or 10.5% around that level. 
We are working on that. Today only area where we are facing the problem is only with 
regards to where the payment coming from AP DISCOM which is today dragging the 
whole thing. So, once we are getting some sort of a positive outcome from AP DISCOM 
then we are home on this re-financing option, should not be an issue. So, today that is 
only area where we are facing the problem. Other issues are under control and we're 
also working on some other around Rs.50 crore refinancing options at the existing 
small-wins which we have portfolio, reducing the current rate averages around 14.5% 
in particular portfolio to around 12%-12.5% level. So, we are working on couple of 

 
Page 8 of 10 
refinancing proposals in the current fiscal year. Probably by end of March we should be 
able to close it. 
S. Venkatachalam 
And also the Power Ministry trying to address the issues of the power sector and the 
bank, etc. I think the initiatives will finally bear fruit and the banks will start again 
showing some interest. In fact, the banks have been asked to give a quarterly report on 
how much they are lending to the power sector and to the renewable sector. That's 
what came out of that meeting between the banks and the Power Minister. So, let's 
hope there is some push from the Government to get the banks to lend to the power 
sector because they are trying to hold back a bit as far as lending to the power sector. 
At least a last couple of quarters there has been a little bit of hold back from the banks. 
But going forward this will get corrected because they also need to lend somewhere 
actually. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rama Krishna, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ram Krishna 
My question is regarding six months back you were saying that you would like to buy 
some additional sites for the various expansions where they have good PPAs. So, is 
there any improvement in that area? 
S. Venkatachalam 
Yeah, we have been looking at various assets which are up for sale. As we speak we 
are studying some of the proposals from various people who want to sell their assets. 
That probably will get concluded in the next 3-4 months. We are still looking at that 
seriously. But in terms of new investments as we said we are still watching the rates if 
the tariffs are at this kind of levels it’s about Rs.2.60-Rs.2.70 levels it still doesn't 
interest me. We are not able to see the logic in those kinds of numbers and the returns 
that those numbers will give us. So, let's hope for a better future from that. But we are 
definitely looking for people who have PPAs at good tariffs and also in Tamil Nadu 
whether it is a group captive with good tariffs. 
Ram Krishna 
We were also hearing earlier about some other companies are looking for reverse 
majeure to merge with our OGPL. So, do you have any updates in that area? 
S. Venkatachalam 
Yeah we were looking at IL&FS that was known to us. We were looking at it quite some 
time back and then both the things did not see value in each other’s proposal. Now we 
are considering another 2 or 3 in active consideration and we will definitely go through 
these further discussions and then we will be able to when the time is right and if there 
is something which we see. Going forward we will definitely announce it to the market 
research. 
Ram Krishna 
Any forecast for third and fourth quarter, we know first quarter, we were in the net profit 
losses and this time we see some profits. What are your expectations for third quarter 
and fourth quarter from earnings per share or EBITDA perspective? 
S. Venkatachalam 
Basically normally the wind industry is front ended as Q1 and Q2 the 70% of the 
generation takes place and Q3 and Q4 is normally about 20% of the generation takes 
place for the wind industry. So, Q3 and Q4 normally are not as good as Q1 and Q2 but 
we are waiting and seeing how much wind blows. There are some Northwest 
monsoons which come in during Q3 and Q4 and we do get some little bit of wind. We 
are hoping that it will be better than what it was last year. We are trying to make up for 
the…. but generally Q3 and Q4 are subdued compared to Q1 and Q2. 
Ram Krishna 
We agree that second half will be normally our lower business but can we expect 
something we will close third quarter and fourth quarter individually with the net profit 
plus. 

 
Page 9 of 10 
S. Venkatachalam 
Very difficult to speculate on those numbers. It will be only speculatory and probably 
very forward-looking.  
K.V. Kasturi 
This business is quite different because the raw material so called the wind is quite 
difficult to predict. So, obviously we don't want to give any indication so far because it 
depends on how the wind patterns within the areas. It is quite difficult to say at this 
moment. But our objective so far in the last year we took it that at least for the PBT we 
will level break even. So, that momentum we’re still working on that. So, we are hoping 
that it is by end of fiscal year we will be at PBT breakeven kind of a thing. 
Ram Krishna 
Could you give some updates on our debt, we know that we were working with banks 
to reduce the interest shares and to expand the number of years period, so any 
updates on that? 
K.V. Kasturi 
We are still in the discussion stage with various institutions. Probably we will be able to 
conclude by the fourth quarter that means Jan-February-March quarter. So, probably 
we will have some sort of visibility by end of Jan or maybe February end. So, definitely 
we will announce it in the public domain. 
Ram Krishna 
The last question, it's related to the same that the first gentleman was asking about our 
market capitalization, our share market prices from investor's perspective. We do not 
see much appreciation, so are there any thoughts from the management side to give 
some benefits to investors like any bonus plans or splitting the face value or the year-
end dividends or something, anything from management’s side? 
S. Venkatachalam 
In fact, as I explained in the last few years there have been stresses mainly because of 
Government related issues in the power sector being I mean with the Tamil Nadu not 
observing the notional status and then biomass getting into problems. So, from our 
side, we are doing everything to correct the situation and making it a pure wind 
company which has got a tariff on the range of Rs. 5 as against the present tariffs 
which are prevailing at about Rs. 2.5, etc., and the new competitive bidding that is 
taking place. So, once we get into a good situation and I'm sure we will be more than 
happy to reward the investors who have been with us for a long period of time and we 
all look forward to those kinds of days and it is very early to say when that will happen. 
But we are also hopeful that the markets go forward because we are really speaking 
apart from the performance of the company, control over the market is very difficult to 
comment on the way the markets are behaving as far as the small and mid-caps are 
concerned. 
Moderator 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. Over to you Sir 
S. Venkatachalam 
Once again I would like to reiterate that as we explained the we are a pure wind 
company now with the biomass out of the way which we have divested, we see at least 
the wind sector I mean the challenges are far less except for a little bit of vagaries of 
the wind which happens year-on-year. Some years it becomes that you get a very good 
wind year. But one thing at least the evacuation has been really good and with that 
much better evacuation and the tariffs also firming up—you may recall that we are in a 
group captive mode in Tamil Nadu—and the tariffs are actually beginning to improve 
we see signs of that. Secondly the REC trading which was a big area of concern, the 
RECs are now selling to the full and we have got zero stuff of the RECs at the present 
moment. Thirdly, we see that there is a lot of push from the government as far as the 
power sector is concerned. They are quite concerned about the both thermal and the 
renewable power sector though they want to grow the renewable power sector much 
more in the coming years. And they have got targets to meet and they are doing their 
very best to ensure that all the ends are told in terms of the DISCOMS paying on time, 
the bank’s lending to the renewable energy sector and so on and so forth. So, with the 

 
Page 10 of 10 
increase in demands and with the firming up of rates I think we actually see much 
better times ahead and we don't have the challenges or the baggage of the biomass 
business with us. And finally, I was also talking to you about the meeting between the 
bankers and the power sector which I am sure they had made a representation to the 
RBI also saying that the power sector needs certain concessions because they are 
being paid late or certain coal block allocations are canceled for the thermal power 
sector. So, I think those dialogs are also underway and overall, we see all these 
translating into a good times for the power sector, at least the renewable energy power 
sector for all time to come. So, with those closing remarks I wish you once again the 
very happy Diwali and for those in Gujarat and various parts, it's happy new year as 
well. Thank you so much. 
