@ CK BIRLA GROUP
TOGETHER, WE BUILD.
Date: November 16, 2018
To
To
The Department
of Corporate Services -CRD
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street
Bandra (E),
MUMBAI-
400001
MUMBAI - 400051
Scrip Code: S0967S/HIL; Through
Listing Centre
Scrip Symbol: HIL: Through
NEAPS
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Transcript
of Schedule of Analyst / Investor Call held on Monday,
October
29, 2018.
Ref: Regulation
30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations,
2015 (Listing Regulations)
In continuation
to our letter
dated
October
22, 2018, Please find
attached
the Transcript
of
Analyst / Investor conference
call held on October 29, 2018.
Pursuant to Regulation
46, the aforesaid
intimation
and Transcript
of the Investor
Call is also
available in the Company's website i.e ww.hil.in/investors.
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt.
t;.
G. Manikandan
Company Secretary &
Financial Controller

@ CK BIRlA
GROUP HIL
 
1 |  
 
 
 
HIL Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 29, 2018 
 
 
 
Moderator  
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the HIL Limited Q2 FY2019 
Results Conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ followed by ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karl Kolah from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Karl Kolah 
Thank you, Janice. Good afternoon Ladies and Gentlemen and welcome to HIL 
Limited Q2 and H1 FY19 conference call for Investors and Analysts. The call has 
been hosted to discuss the financial performance and share operating highlights of 
the Company with you. Today, I have with me on the call Mr. Dhirup Roy Choudhary 
- Managing Director and CEO of the Company, Mr. KR Veerappan – CFO, Mr. G 
Manikandan – Company Secretary and Financial Controller and Mr. Ajay Kapadia - 
GM (Finance). 
We will commence the call with comments from the management team post that we 
shall have the floor open for a Q&A session, where the management will be glad to 
respond to any queries that you may have. At this point, I would like to highlight that 
some statement made on today’s call maybe forward-looking in nature and that the 
actual results could vary significantly from the statements made. A detailed 
statement in this regard is available on the Company’s earnings presentation which 
was shared with you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Dhirup to present his views 
on the operating performance of HIL, the strategic development and the broader 
outlook on group. Over to you, Dhirup. 
Dhirup Choudhary 
A very good afternoon to all of you present on today’s call. Thank you for taking the 
time out.  
Our performance overall during Q2 has been satisfying, with roofing solutions 
reporting a 4% improvement YoY. Building solutions delivered a 30% increase in 
sales YoY. Our plumbing solutions business has belied even internal expectations 
by showing gains of 130% YoY. There is a substantial growth that has been credited 
in the first half over the last year. My CFO, who follows my remarks, will of course 
share the details on that. 
I also wish to formally welcome the employees of Parador Holdings into the family, 
with HIL having closed the transaction in lieu of the requisite approvals being in 
place. Flooring solutions opens us avenues for both HIL and Parador as we seek to 
traverse into the others markets. By acquiring Parador, we are seeking to further 
enhance the marketing and distribution bandwidth for Parador in international 
markets, particularly in South East Asia as they derive over 50% of their revenues 
outside their home market. Also in India, where upto 70% of premium wooden 
flooring gets imported, there is an opportunity for HIL to establish Parador products 
by brand building exercise. These sales take place through the same channels in 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
2 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
which we operate namely large organized real estate companies, architects or 
consultants. The very initial interactions we have had with our sales partners have 
been encouraging and I see no reason why the business will not scale up here 
logically.  
Parador is a renowned, premium brand, which has made its mark across Europe. 
The interesting bit is that this is a team that refreshes at least a half of the product 
portfolio every three years. The setup is entirely integrated end to end, and that’s 
really the beauty behind the business.  
I will address our existing businesses and share some thoughts on our intent. 
Roofing solutions continues to make new milestones, backed by strengthened sales 
and distribution machine. This is a testament to the team’s efforts in raising 
productivity and throughput at our units and ramping up distribution all across. 
Our green roofing solution, Charminar Fortune is a coveted proposition. We have 
filed for patents in key markets, including India, and hope to be able to chart a very 
encouraging initial spurt in orders. This being an institutional product the typical sales 
cycle is longer and meticulous. We are excited about the prospects to scale up this 
venture. 
Building solutions is reporting good traction with our dedicated solutions oriented 
approach. Strong growth is seen in wet walling, dry walling segment and thermal 
insulation. We are evaluating this business internally and will at an appropriate time 
consider investments towards growth. 
The Plumbing solutions has our attention and we are nearing the round of capex at 
our facilities. With an expanded presence in product lines we are now able to engage 
more meaningfully with our customers. Already we have reported a quantum 
improvement in performance and the pace is sustainable. We are working towards 
offering a quality product, which is our trump card. There is enough growth in the 
market for good brands and we are complementing our portfolio with heightened 
promotional activities. So the results are bound to be interesting.  
The dynamism in our performance is supported by efforts to enhance operating 
efficiencies, and streamlining processes. We have achieved good deal of 
optimization on the working capital front with the joint efforts of operation and finance 
team and we aim to maintain the momentum. 
I am delighted to share that HIL has been recipient to multiple awards recently. We 
have received award for in the fields of rural development and leadership and as we 
strive for excellence in all endeavors. Our manufacturing facility won the ‘Best 
Greenery Award’ from APIIC for maintaining highest standards of excellence and in 
our drive to be environment friendly. At HIL, we believe in giving back to the society 
and we continue to undertake several projects in the field of education and 
infrastructure in our endeavor to bring smiles to everyone. 
HIL continues its journey as a full line provider in building material solutions. While 
we are strengthening our leadership positions in key segments, in others we are 
recording strong growth. Based on a foundation of quality, innovation and 
responsiveness to market needs I believe this business is poised for greater heights. 
Parador of course will get assimilated financially by the end of the fiscal year, which 
is when we will report the combined balance sheet. These are exciting times of the 
business where both our heritage and entrepreneurial passion will see the creation 
of a thriving global franchise in our industry. 
Thank you. I would now like to invite my CFO, Mr. KR Veerappan, to take to the 
forum to share his perspective on the financial results. 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
3 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
KR Veerappan 
Thank you, Dhirup. Good Afternoon and thank you all for joining us on the call today. 
Let me begin by taking you all through the financial and operating highlights for the 
quarter and H1 FY19.  
FY19 had begun on a strong note and the momentum continues with Revenues of 
H1FY19 going up 21% year-on-year at Rs. 804 crore. In Q2FY19, Revenues stood 
at Rs. 307 crore as against Rs. 256 crore in Q2FY18 leading to a 20% growth. This 
has been led by solid traction in our Roofing solutions which has delivered a growth 
of 4% year-on-year. Charminar Fortune, our non-asbestos solution continues to see 
a progressive growth in the institutional segment. We have established good 
contacts with Government bodies and reputed private sector companies. The 
response to this product has been extremely good. Building Solutions and other 
segments recorded a year-on-year growth of 30% and 119% respectively.  
Our focus continues on rendering solutions in the wet walling and dry walling market 
where we aspire to realize gains. The new capacities have already been 
commissioned during the quarter as committed. We have been consistently 
expanding our product portfolio to cater to the growing demand of the building 
materials industry.  
In H1 FY19, EBITDA came in at Rs. 146 crore as against Rs. 99 crore in H1 FY18, 
marking an increase of 48% YoY. For Q2 FY19, EBITDA was at Rs 57 crore and 
improvement of 80% YoY. The credit is strongly attributable to the various cost 
optimization measures along with prudent procurements, the overall business 
efficiencies in the manufacturing segments and better market realization. We will 
continue to undertake calibrated efforts for the working capital optimization. The 
working capital borrowings at HIL has been NIL for the 10th consecutive quarter.  
 In H1 FY19, PBT improved by 71% YoY to Rs. 120 crore. In Q2 FY19, PBT went up 
by 185% YoY to Rs.42 crore. This includes non-operative income on account of sale 
of property to the extent of Rs. 6.40 crore and forex reinstatement of Rs. 8.18 8.20 
crore on Euro 20 million share-holders’ loan given to HIL International GmbH, a 
wholly owned subsidiary, to acquire Parador Holding GmbH. I am happy to state that 
we have already achieved last full year’s PBT of Rs. 120 crore in the first half of the 
current year. 
We had begun this year on a promising note with all business segments delivering a 
strong volume and profitability growth and it was the best quarter in HIL’s history. 
Encouraged by this performance we will strive to do better and will continue to grow 
ahead of the market consistently by adding to our market share. Our recent 
acquisition of German building materials maker, Parador Holding will enhance HIL’s 
position as a leader in building material solution in India and enable our transition 
into a global player. This acquisition reflects a step taken in the direction of being an 
integrated building solutions provider. This acquisition will be EPS accretive and the 
debt to equity ratio of HIL for H1FY19 stands at 0.5x. 
  
A normal monsoon in most parts of the country and improved farmer sentiments will 
prove conducive for our business. With this I would like to conclude my opening 
remarks. I request the moderator to open the question and answer session. Thank 
you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin the question answer 
session. We will take the first question from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Baidik Sarkar 
Couple of questions. The earnings after the console level is obviously driven by very 
steep margin upbeat in the building product and the roofing segment. Could you help 
us understand in some degree of granularity, the drivers behind your margin beat 
and sustainability of the same? 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
4 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
Dhirup Choudhary 
As Mr. KR Veerappan alluded a little while back on the call, I think the margin has 
been primarily driven by internal cost savings that we have done. There is a serious 
effort towards improving on all cost dimensions within the organization and this has 
been a continuous effort last one and a half years that the Company is witnessing. 
We have improved our borrowing powers immensely the working capitals have come 
down and these have also added on to the interests. However, if you look at the 
EBITDA levels the improvement has also been because we have passed on quite a 
lot of costs to the customers. We are basically a price leader in the market wherever 
we are serving and there is very little compromise that we do in securing good prices 
and we are not quantity driven as much as we are price driven. And therefore, those 
have been some of the activities that we have taken collectively to improve these 
margins. And these are quite sustainable, traction should continue. 
Baidik Sarkar 
So, I think at the end of Q1 the capacity utilizations that which you operating across 
segments was north of 80%, I mean I just giving you very broad blended average 
number. Could you help us understand your CAPEX initiatives across these 
segments’ panels, dry boards, mixes, putties this is you seem to peaked-out as 
things stand todays just a sense of how capacities are opening up times to come? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Mr. Sarkar, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are still evaluating this 
segment. I had mentioned last couple of quarters that the price realization of these 
segments in the building solutions have not been up to the mark and this is 
something that we are driving hard by solutions technique and you can see that the 
price realization this quarter has definitely by far gone up quite a lot. The putty 
business is also going up for us where we are setting up new plants in Jhajjar as well 
as in Golan for enhancing the putty internal capabilities to deliver. I would take a 
pause here and come back to you very soon with further information on growth of 
capacity in the other building materials segment. 
Baidik Sarkar 
Last question before get back very broad financial contours of Parador transactions 
of course know what consideration in the revenues where but some contours on 
what Parador’s P&L and an earnings profile looks like? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
So, I think the numbers last year end, that is December 31st, 2017 was Euro 142.2 
million with an EBITDA of Euro 10.7 million. It is a pre-profitable company. We are 
successfully completing closing formalities that have been complete well before time 
and we are continuously getting them into integrated form with our Company. Our 
immediate focus is on financial integration which we expect to complete in the next 
5 to 6 months’ time. We will publish first consolidated results for Q4 for the year 2019 
which will also be a full year consolidation. As communicated earlier, Parador’s 
acquisition will be EPS accretive. However, this year numbers will be consolidated 
only for the last 7 months that is 1st September, 2018 to 31st March, 2019. Our main 
focus now on sales improvement by defining strategies to entered in other overseas 
markets and profit improvement in manufacturing processes by driving various cost 
optimization program in operation. Our discussions with Parador are pretty 
conclusive and well ahead and I think the initial bits from the market has been 
fortunately solid for us and we look forward to this. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We would take the next question from the line of Pritesh Chhedha from 
Lucky Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chhedha 
Sir, just wanted to know what would have been the price increases in the roofing 
product taken in the last couple of years, this year and may be last year? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
As you are aware the GST has definitely given us a 10% reduction in duties which 
has been passed on to the customers fully. And there was a reduction in prices that 
was happening prior to March 2017 and since then we have taken such an initiative 
towards improving our connect with the dealers, setting up new counters, going 
through the marketing drive which has brought us more closer to the dealers last 
year. And that is continuing, and the price increase therefore is consistent, and this 
traction should continue. 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
5 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
Pritesh Chhedha 
So, what is the extent of price increase, sir? So, last year there was a 10% reduction 
on owing to GST. So, net sales prices for us would has been same if you would have 
passed it on. Post that is there any price increases? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Yes, absolutely. The price increases that has happened has been on account of the 
fiber prices because we import and US Dollar to Rupee has improved and that is 
something pro-rata we have been improving the prices. And yes, the diesel cost is 
another element that has hit us below the belt and that is also passed on to the 
customer. When you get into the market you will always find HIL at a premium of at 
least 3% to 4% to our competition and that margin we are continuing, and we are at 
all-time improved on that further. 
Pritesh Chhedha 
So, this still does not answer, what was the price increase in the last 6-8 months? 
Was it 5%-10%-15% and what was the corresponding cost increase? I am coming 
from the backdrop; this product is substitute to steel. Steel, itself would have gone 
through a 35%-40% price increase. Your key raw materials cement has not gone 
through any price increase. So, I am just wondering if there is a price increase what 
amount of excess margins you have built in your P&L which are related to a relative 
product as steels. So, if steel prices will correct obviously that has to be some spill 
over on asbestos volume growth over pricing. So, if I have to ask you from that 
context it would be good if you could highlight some of the data points? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Priteshji, the price improvement that we have made this year is to the extent of 5% 
and these have been to compensate the cost improvement.  We are not in any way 
going to have a correlation with steel because that is the different segment 
altogether. Steel demands are continuing to grow while the prices are grown. 
Asbestos is quite a saturated market as we have grown a little bit on that and the 
growth at all stage will be in single digit as we have always said. But HIL is continuing 
its price premium in the market and therefore that is something we are able to cover 
our costs as well. 
Pritesh Chhedha  
So, in your opinion 5% is price increase and there is a corresponding cost increase 
over similar number? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Absolutely, the cost has also gone up even further, but we have reduced our internal 
cost and therefore we have given better results. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We would take the next question from the line of Amit Vohra from PCS 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Vohra 
Just one question on Charminar, if you can give some more details on how it is 
playing out if that is possible? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
You are talking about the Roofing segment, are you Amit? 
Amit Vohra 
Yes, I am. Charminar Fortune, I mean to say, sorry. 
Dhirup Choudhary 
And Charminar Fortune as I mentioned is a product mainly at the moment for the 
institutional segment. This product can get into the retail segment, but we have 
intentionally kept it for the institutional segment at the moment because the retail 
segment is very well working for us for the asbestos segment and we continue to do 
that. The focus is on MNCs, some of the institutional segments like Indian Railways, 
NTPC, big customers and what I can say is in the last quarter, so our major attention 
at this moment is developing these markets. We were not there in these markets as 
would know because asbestos had gone out of their procurement process long time 
back and therefore we are reintroducing as a company into the segments. So, that 
is a time taken and extremely tedious process. We have improved about 16 accounts 
at the moment that has happened over the quarter. And there are lots of repeat 
orders which also signifies how good this quality is being perceived. So, the market 
is really looking up to this product but it will take its own course at the moment. It is 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
6 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
still in building the product availability and awareness within the customers and we 
are very confident with the way that the traction is moving Amitji that this product will 
be extremely rewarding for us to quarters to come. 
Amit Vohra 
In case, if there is a possibility for you to give how much volume you would have 
done by now because you have specified some numbers last quarter in case there 
is a number that you can give? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
In the number terms we have closed down about 1,800 metric tonnes all over that 
has been sold to various customers and this traction is continuing. 
Amit Vohra 
And my second question is, if you can give me a break down on the volume terms 
for each of the segment that you give every quarter? 
KR Veerappan 
Yes Amit, as far as AC sheet is concerned, this quarter we have sold around 145,788 
tonnes against 137,155 tonnes last quarter. And CC sheet we have sold around 
1,019 tonnes and as far as the building solutions – the block are concerned AAC 
block we have sold around 174,157 cubic meters against 165,294 cubic meters last 
quarter, last year. Dry mix we have sold around 11,317 tonnes this quarter against 
6,429 tonnes of last year same quarter which is a 76% growth. Panels we have 
delivered 17,208 tonnes against 14,135 tonnes again a 22% growth. In Boards we 
have delivered 4,116 tonnes against 3,722 tonnes again a 11% growth. Thermal 
insulation we have done 1,545 tonnes against 1,207 tonnes which is again a 28% 
growth. And CPVC pipes and fittings the plumbing solutions in terms of tonnage we 
have done around 1,928 tonnes against 411 tonnes which is the 369% growth in 
terms of volume. 
Amit Vohra 
If I can just squeeze in one question is on the dry mix, is the segment that is driving 
your building solutions profitability that a right assumption? 
KR Veerappan 
That is also driving, yes. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We would take the next question from the line of Abhijeet Vara from 
Sundaram Mutual fund. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Vara 
Sir, my first question is on the debt which was acquired to fund this acquisition of 
Parador. Could you give a break of how much is foreign debt and what are the 
commercials interest rate and tenures? 
KR Veerappan 
Yes, in India we have borrowed around Rs. 276 crore at a cost of around 8.5%. That 
is our Rupee borrowing, so there is no, that does not have any Forex related 
fluctuations and rest of the borrowing all done in Europe itself. We have acquired 
around Euro 22 million for this acquisition in Europe which is at a very meagre 
interest rate of around 3-3.5%. 
Abhijeet Vara 
And regarding, now all the procedural aspect has been taken care for the acquisition 
or still something is pending? 
KR Veerappan 
Everything is completed, all the formality is completed. The acquisition is completed. 
Now we are closely as Dhirup mentioned that our focus now is to improve their sales 
and mostly from our perspective we are more focusing on the financial integration. 
The next 5-6 months that will be the focus and we will come up with the first, when 
we report the annual results on March 2019 we will come up with the consolidated 
numbers which will include 7 months numbers of Parador September, 18 to March, 
19. 
Abhijeet Vara 
So, the focus on Southeast Asia will be post the financial integration? Is it post the 
operational integration? 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
7 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
Dhirup Choudhary 
I think. Mr. Vora we will not be able to keep it that long. So, we will definitely at, you 
see it is a completely trans-border acquisition and these have its own merits to go 
slow and steady in building up trust in both ends. And that is exactly what we are 
doing but in the same process we are also eager and so are we to utilize their facility 
better. And I think this activity of Southeast Asia, India and everything are having, 
the first round I have already been discussed around and this will catch up as we go 
forward. 
Abhijeet Vara 
Just one last question sir, what is the budgeted debt which can increase due to the 
working capital requirement of Parador as well as domestic operations? 
KR Veerappan 
No, what as far as the HIL standalone basis is concerned our working capital 
management is become our DNA and constantly that will be driven and we do not 
see any major working capital borrowing coming in the near future. That is as per as 
HIL is concerned. And as far as Parador is concerned again there also we do there 
are lot of factoring arrangement, so while working capital, it is an working capital 
intensive business but we do not see any additional borrowing coming for working 
capital per say in Parador also. 
Abhijeet Vara 
So, this should be the peak debt level in the near term at least? 
KR Veerappan 
The consolidated debt equity will be all put together including working capital and 
acquisition for term loan all put together we will not exceed 1.0. Debt equity will not 
be more than 1, 1:1. I hope I have answered that question. On a consolidated level 
the debt equity will not, never be more than 1:1. 
Abhijeet Vara 
No but right now it is 0.5, so I was wondering where are you … 
KR Veerappan 
Standalone HIL, the consolidated level when we do the March results it will be 1:1 
Moderator 
Thank you. We would take the next question from the line of Agastiya Dave from 
CAO Capital. Please go ahead. 
Agastiya Dave 
Sir, may I request that all the volume numbers be put on the presentation, so that we 
can easily get them down because we keep on missing the volume numbers. That 
would be much appreciated, sir. 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Mr. Dave, your point is well taken, apologies for that. Next time onwards you would 
see that on the presentation. 
Agastiya Dave 
Sir, I had 2 questions. One was in the domestic market, what is your outlook on the 
rural and urban demand? There is like mixed information coming on the rural front 
how do you see it? Are you seeing anything that worries you over the next 3 years 
or is it too longer timeline maybe probably in the next year. Are you worried about 
demanding anyway in any segment in any product line? That is my first question. 
Second sir, on Parador I was just trying to understand a bit more about the product 
itself in the supply chain there. So, are the products something which obviously the 
R&D is happening in Europe as you are saying? But is it something that we can 
make here because once we expand in India because you mentioned that 70% of 
these products in India are imported and hence the market opportunity is pretty big 
for you. Would you be shifting some manufacturing here? Will we see some CAPEX 
here and how soon to be see the expansion of revenue other than the existing 
geographies at Parador? What is your strategy in terms of timelines there? And in 
the piping and plumbing segment, you are reporting loss, we can make out. So, when 
we breakeven there in the other segment and what kind of losses will are you okay 
at Parador when you start expanding in newer geographies? Thank you very much. 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Mr. Dave, I am not sure I have noted down all your questions because they are quite 
a few. But thank you for asking so many questions. Let me see, if I could take on 
one on one. The rural demand part of it, I think the traction will continue as it now. 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
8 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
There are plenty of headwinds that we continue to see because our operations are 
spread across the country and every stage is never the same. We definitely see that 
there has gone to be some problems we will face with the upcoming elections and 
things do weaken up. But the best thing about HIL the way that we have at least 
been able to at this moment to is to bring our dealers much closer to us than they 
were earlier and set up very good mechanisms whereby we are in touch with them. 
There are lots of things that they are doing together with us to build that relationships. 
I therefore, see that HIL will be leading at all time amongst all manufacturers in way 
of capitalizing on any challenges that we have, and we will continue our traction. I do 
not see therefore, too much of a worry there. When it comes to Parador, I think you 
are right and that at the moment, I sometimes mentioned earlier I think in one of my 
interviews there about 30% of the Parador manufacturing capacity is available and 
therefore, we do not view at this moment an immediate need to set up additional 
facilities outside Germany and Austria where they are located and rather utilize their 
additional capacity to service the markets around. Parador is already exporting to 80 
countries and we therefore believe that they are substantially carved out in way of 
their sales network. We will try and help them in certain other areas where we are 
strong and bring them in India being one of them. Yes, I do see the Indian market 
has definitely an exciting market to be here. The wooden segment market in India, I 
would say has not been grown in the way that it can be. Brand realization is one thing 
where we will definitely draw in and try to create that going forward. I do not expect 
to set up an additional facility in India at the near future but that something we are 
very much open to as the market develops. But we will continue to help Parador to 
expand the geographies and you would get to have a much better feel about it once 
we consolidate the results as going forward. 
Agastiya Dave 
Sir, final question was on the pipes business, are we making losses there? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
To say that making losses, I think on a standalone balance sheet that is a different 
story but we are in this investment mode at this moment. We are creating the markets 
for pipes, we are creating the next leg of businesses for pipes. We are adding on lot 
of capacities. So, I am not worried at all about whether it is profitable or loss at this 
stage. We are rather worried about how we are growing the markets, how we are 
expanding this, how we are improving the brand realization of this on a standalone 
P&L. I am not sure, I am confident that it will not be a loss-making company by the 
end of the year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pravin Sahai from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Pravin Sahai 
I am just asking about piping business, as you had already mentioned that there is 
not any opportunity for the CAPEX as well for our piping business because you had 
done very well in the piping capacity utilization. So, my question is the entire 20,000 
metric tonne you have a capacity in southern location right now? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
No, Praveenji our plants are located in North where we have our factory in Faridabad. 
There is a factory also in Hyderabad which is there and there is a new plant that has 
come up in Western region which is Golan. So, we have 3 factories at this moment 
where we are manufacturing all types of pipes and fittings. The capacity for the SWR 
range of pipe which is the newest version that has come up in Golan is 100% full. 
But the other capacities are growing and as we speak the business is growing 
hugely, we will continue to add capacities as is needed for growing this business and 
we are fully committed. 
Pravin Sahai 
And, that is entirely is the plumbing pipe apart from the SWR? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Correct. 
Pravin Sahai 
And secondly on your new acquisition that is the Parador that is the mostly a B2C 
business or a B2B business? 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
9 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
Dhirup Choudhary 
So Parador is in the premium segment of wooden flooring and this particular 
business is both B2C and B2B. When we look at B2B we are looking at the connect 
that we have with the builders and the real estate customers and the interior 
decorators and that is the route that it goes through and when we talk of B2C it is in 
different countries where we are selling through wholesalers and importers who then 
spread the product into the country and we are also selling it through the DIY which 
is the ”Do It Yourself” segment. We are into retail segment directly into the retail 
frame. We are also doing the e-business through Parador. So, the sales network is 
through everything that you can look at. 
Pravin Sahai 
So, any percentage number can you give like on the online how much is the 
percentage contributing for them and how much is the direct B2B as you had 
explained? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
About 72% of their sales, I think is through DIY and retail, 8% is through online. 
Pravin Sahai 
And, lastly on sir, your roofing business. How much is the non-asbestos roofing 
contribution currently? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
That is very small because we have just setup our feet on the non-asbestos which is 
the Charminar Fortune. It was launched in January 4th this year and since then we 
are now trying to get into the institutional segment to get this product basically known 
to them, so that they can place the trial orders and trail orders are small quantities. 
They test the trial orders through several seasons before they can position the next. 
These are all big-big customers who have certain set trends and they do not alter it 
just because we want them to. So, it is a tedious, but it is a very interesting learning 
process that we are going through. The percentage is really minimal, but it will grow 
in future because this is the segment we are not there, and this product will take this 
segment by a drive. 
Pravin Sahai 
And, lastly on the numbers, there is unallocable income of Rs.15.20 crore, is that 
what Veerappan sir has explained about the sale of asset and the FOREX that is 
there? 
KR Veerappan 
You are right, yes. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the question from the line of Kritika Garg from Aequitas 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Kritika Garg 
Sir, could you tell me what is the FOREX impact for operation, I think Rs.8 crore was 
the net of the loans that we have taken right for Parador? 
KR Veerappan 
Yes, Rs.8.20 crore is the FOREX reinstatement of liabilities loan. We have given 
Euro 20 million, we have given loan to HIL International – our subsidiary. So, it is a 
receivable for us. On that loan the FOREX reinstatement is Rs.8.20. It is the 
difference between when we transferred this money the Euro-rupee rate was at 
around 79.8 and as on 30th September it has gone up to Rs. 84. 
Kritika Garg 
Right but what is the FOREX impact for operation? 
KR Veerappan 
Operation there is a loss of Rs. 2.50 crore to Rs. 3 crore in this quarter. 
Kritika Garg 
And, how has raw material prices moved? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Kritika, thank you for asking the questions. The raw material prices are all going up 
while I heard one of my senior colleagues in this call talking about cement prices not 
growing up. But it all depends on which part of India you are buying from. There are 
certain parts of India where the cement prices are doing very well, and they are 
growing up and we are facing the bulk of it. Diesel prices have gone up by about 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
10 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
10% to 12% and that has hit somewhere our costs. And the fiber costs have not per 
se gone up but what has gone up is the FOREX part of it. We are hedging most of it 
but there is some bit of it which is always remained opened because 100% hedging 
is not the best possible way to go forward. So that is about it. Fly ash costs and 
availability are always the challenge which we are meeting up. So, overall the costs 
have actually gone up but we have been able to get part of it push to the customers 
as the selling price increase and part of it we are also absorbing but we are doing 
our internal cost rationalization to always stay at par. 
Kritika Garg 
How much do we plan to spend on advertising for Parador like do we expect that 
spend to go up. I do not know the figure but for selling and distribution on a 
consolidated basis? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Kritika as an overall, I think we have taken a pledge last one and half year to get HIL 
into a pedestal where people recognize this company. We have done quite a bit with 
IPL in the last April-May and we will do again next year the same time when IPL 
season comes that is one of the marketing activities that we have planned. We had 
gone with the first ATL on records. Where there was an ad on Mr. Dhoni and others. 
We are contemplating doing some bit of it again in the coming month and the 
continuing effort of marketing right through digital route is picking up hugely and I am 
sure all of you are connected and linked in various other forms of digital and you can 
see HIL perceive there. Marketing expense I had mentioned last time also will not 
grow up much I guess may be at the most 1% of revenue is all you can expect that 
the marketing expense to go up by. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Rajesh Ravi from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Ravi 
On the first question, I just wanted to know on the chrysotile fiber which is said a 
large part of it is hedged. So, at what price this hedging has been done and the Dollar 
price and obviously way forward for next calendar year or may be next financial year 
what is the outlook? And second on the Parador profitability you have mentioned that 
it has delivered around €11 million of EBITDA in last calendar. I understand you 
mentioned 30% capacity is still to be utilized so to what level it can go up to? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
So as a policy we hedge major part of our FOREX and that something we will 
continue to do. Last quarter I think the average hedging cost for us was about Rs. 
70 to a Dollar. So, whatever it went up further that is where Rs.2.50 to 3 crore loss 
is where Mr. KR Veerappan alluded to. Going forward also we are hedged for the 
majority part of it and it anyone’s guess whether Rupee is going to now comedown 
or go up further I guess, I am not an expert on that. And so far as Parador is 
concerned, I think we are, at the moment there are quite a few expenses that are 
happening in Parador to streamline the operations and I do not think that EBITDA 
will be a big pressure on us going forward. We have registered 10.7 million last year 
end and I think profitability wise Parador is pretty much there because they keep 
innovating their products and investing. There are cycles there also where one year 
is when they invest in as they call it the next trend of products and then they reap it 
for the next year. So, those cycles are there. We will be able to share more details 
on this as we go forward. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
Sir, can you also provide the value wise segmental data like AAC block, dry mix, 
panel boards and pipes? 
KR Veerappan 
Dhananjayji as far as roofing is concerned, AAC sheet we have delivered around 
Rs.151.6 crore in this quarter against Rs.141.6 crore last quarter and in building 
solutions blocks is Rs.63.1 crore against Rs.50.1 crore. Dry mix Rs.13.5 crore 
against Rs.7.8 crore, panel 21.7 crore against Rs.17.4 crore. Blocks Rs.6.4 crore 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
11 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
against Rs.5.1 crore and thermal insulation Rs.9.5 crore against Rs.7.7 crore. 
Plumbing solutions we have done this part of others we have done Rs.30.3 crore 
against Rs.13.2 crore and others windmill and engineering division that is around 
Rs.4.5 crore against Rs.2.7 crore. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
Sir, you mentioned that our consolidated debt-equity target is about 1. It is not like 
once we consolidate our debt-equity only 1 for Parador. I mean what may be the total 
debt after the consolidation? 
KR Veerappan 
It will be around Rs. 600 crore to Rs. 650 crore. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
And, what is the depreciation in Parador? Could you provide that figure? 
KR Veerappan 
Around €4 million per annum. In the year 2017 it was €4 million. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Arjun Sengar from Reliance Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Arjun Sengar 
First question is on the volume in the roofing segment. What was the volume growth 
for the quarter and also for the first half? That is the first question, just for roofing. 
KR Veerappan 
We had mentioned for the quarter it is around 6% and first half is around 8%. 
Arjun Sengar 
And this versus the industry is in-line or it is faster than industry? 
KR Veerappan 
As far as first half is concerned, yes we are in line with the industry. Quarter-to-
quarter like one quarter some companies will do well, one quarter like we do the best 
in the Q1. Q1 is supposed to be the best quarter and we do well. And Q2 as Dhirup 
mentioned like our focus is more on value 
Dhirup Choudhary 
So, basically when you come to the quarter-to-quarter quantity, comparison and the 
market it takes us some time to get the data but I think maintaining our market share 
very well. 
Arjun Sengar 
Sir my second question was on Parador. So, you have said that it is fully integrated. 
I just wanted to understand what exactly is the level of integration because the 
margins equate to about 7% to 8%. So, just wanted to get a sense of that and related 
to that was at what is the mix of wooden flooring versus non-wooden flooring in India 
and how does it compare to some of the developed markets, just to get a sense of 
the opportunity size? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
We will have to come back with these details because I do not think I am well 
prepared with the Parador market in India at the moment. But so far as, my 
understanding goes about 60% of Indian market is non-wooden and about 40% is 
wooden. But please let us get back these numbers to you specifically. Parador is 
when we say it is fully-integrated means it is manufactures the product end-to-end 
at its unit. It has a completely well-aligned marketing and sales network that spreads 
it to different countries and the suppliers are well-knit with them for years together 
where we have very clear guidelines around whom to buy from, what are the quality, 
what section of wood to buy, which age of wood to buy, what type of diameter of the 
trunk and from where we buy it? So, it is very specific because when it comes to 
wooden flooring, please understand it is a life product. The wood lives even when it 
is sold and therefore there are lot specifications they go through. I could not 
understand your question on the margins part of it. 
Arjun Sengar 
Yes, like you said you have EBITDA of €10 million on a revenue of 140 million. So 
that is I think 7% to 8%. So, how is that compared to as in the optimal level of margin 
that can be made in this business or is it already at an optimal level? 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
12 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
Dhirup Choudhary 
No, I think there are enough rooms for bettering the margins and that we will do as 
we go forward in the next year. But that will come with (a) capacity utilization in the 
better way (b) in Europe you can always help them to improve their cost efficiencies 
like we do in India and even in HIL you would have seen last one and half years 
there are lots of cost optimization that has happened from the same organisation 
which is a 70 years old matured organisation. So, similarly same cost optimizations 
are possible in Europe and we would do it as we go forward. These margins will only 
improve. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We would take the next question from the line of Varun Daga from Girik 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun Daga 
When we see the segment revenue on the roofing solution business you have about 
a 4% growth but there has been a massive margin improvement to about 14% from 
6.5% last year. So, what is the reason is there any inventory which you had a low-
cost inventory or any one-offs here or it is because of some improvement? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Dagaji, this is a very matured segment that we have and most of the assets are fully 
depreciated and therefore any improvement in the top-line adds to the bottom-line 
hugely because everything flows down to the contribution. 
Varun Daga 
There is about Rs.6 crore improvement in top-line and about Rs.12 crore 
improvement in the EBIT. So, it is disproportionate. So, just wanted to understand is 
that sustainable or there is any specific reason there? 
KR Veerappan 
One particular thing you are looking at EBIT which is after depreciation and in the 
last year results we have taken an accelerated depreciation to the extent of 5 crore. 
So that was, last year’s Rs.5 crore was one-off item which is not there anymore. 
Varun Daga 
But, there is nothing else there right? 
KR Veerappan 
Yes. 
Varun Daga 
Sir, on the Parador one, I just wanted to understand is everything manufactured is 
its own manufacturing or anything is outsourced? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
It is 100% own manufactured. They are very specific about their quality and brand 
and that is how they are doing it. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mahantesh Marilinga from 
Finquest Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mahantesh Marilinga Just wanted some idea on the combine margins like Parador is doing slightly lower 
margins if you look at the current run rate of HIL. By the end of Q4 may be once you 
consolidated, ideally the margin should be lower than the current margins of 
standalone HIL. So, what be the broad margins that time and going ahead any 
outlook on the margin front? 
Dhirup Choudhary 
I am afraid the outlook part, I always state with folded hands that we are not allowed 
to talk of. The margin will go down you have rightly said so because Parador numbers 
as a percentage of revenue which are lower than ours. I will request you to please 
hold on for this question. Sorry, I am not able to give you the outlook. 
KR Veerappan 
It is too early, the first 7 months is more of initial stages. I think Parador you need to 
have little bit patience and from the next year onwards I think the real results you will 
see. You will see to it the improvements and everything here. 
Mahantesh Marilinga Sir, actually I also read some news about some headwinds in the rural sector. Sir, 
like what is your take on the current demand scenario there? 

@CKBIRLACROUP
HIL
 
13 | 
 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Concall Transcript 
Dhirup Choudhary 
I think I answer that. Let me once again reiterate that we are very well-poised. We 
are well-poised because we have fantastic dealers and retailers who are very loyal 
to us and many of them have been with us for the last 3 generations. We are very 
close to them now and I think they get a binding with HIL through many of the 
assertive approaches that we have taken with them. The rural market definitely is 
not looking as good, but I do not think HIL is going to have much of challenge 
continuing this trajectory that we have done. But I cannot discount the political 
element that may come up because of elections. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Deepankar Sati from 
Magadh Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepankar Sati 
I joined a bit late, so could you please give me the break of unallocable expense that 
you have? 
KR Veerappan 
I had explained, unallocable expense includes Rs. 6.4 crore towards gain on sale of 
properties we had and around Rs. 8.2 crore is the FOREX reinstatement of asset 
which is, we are given a loan to HIL International our wholly-owned subsidiary around 
€20 million for further acquisition of Parador shares. So, on that €20 million in HIL 
balance sheet as on 30th September if I reinstate the FOREX, there is a gain of 
Rs.8.2 crore. 
Deepankar Sati 
So we must have paid some cash from our HIL balance sheet towards Parador 
acquisition, right? 
KR Veerappan 
Yes. 
Deepankar Sati 
So, the other income is up by 70%. So, can you just tell me what happened in the 
other income segment? 
KR Veerappan 
The other income includes this sale of Rs.6.4 crore 
Moderator 
Thank you. Well ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Dhirup Choudhary 
Thank you very much. It has been a pleasure interacting with all of you over this call. 
We thank you for taking time out and engaging with us today. We value your 
continued interest and support. If you have any further questions or would like to 
know anything more about our company, kindly reach out to our Investor 
Relationship Desk. Thank you very much for your patient hearing. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of HIL Limited, we conclude 
today’s conference. Thank you all for joining us, you may disconnect your lines now. 
 
- ENDS - 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
