Yours faithfully, 
For S H Kelkar an 
Dei ti Chandratre 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
)mpany Limited 
Kevp 
December 06, 2018 
To 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Scrip Code: 539450 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
To 
The Manager 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kuria Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
Sub: Submission of transcript of conference call under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
are enclosing the transcript of Q2 FY 19 earnings conference call for investors and analysts organized by the 
Company on Thursday, November 1, 2018 at 5.00 PM IST. 
You are requested to take the same on record.. 
Thanking you, 
End: As Above 
S H Kelkar And Company Limited 
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai - 400 080. Tel : +91 22 2167 7777 
Regd. Office : Devkaran Mansion, 36, Mangaldas Road, Mumbai - 400 002. (INDIA) 
Phone : (022) 2206 96 09 & 2201 91 30 / Fax : (022) 2208 12 04 
www.keva.co.in  
CIN No. L74999MH1955PLC009593 

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
 
 
SH Kelkar and Company Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Earnings Conference Call  
November 01, 2018 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the SH Kelkar and Company 
Limited’s Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, 
sir.  
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us on SH Kelkar and 
Company Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY19 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. 
Kedar Vaze – Whole-time Director and Group CEO; Mr. Ratul Bhaduri – Executive 
VP and Group CFO and Mr. Shrikant Mate – VP (Strategy) of the Company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum opened for a question and answer session. Before we start, I 
would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be forward 
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make the opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss the operating and 
financial results for the quarter and half ended September 30th, 2018. I will begin by 
taking you through the key highlights of the period under review and we will then 
look forward to taking your questions and suggestions.  
I am pleased to share that we have delivered healthy performance in the first half of 
the fiscal led by improving demand scenario and increased consumption trend in the 
FMCG industry. During the second quarter, we achieved a normalized revenue run 
rate, which essentially enabled the overall growth during H1 FY19. Our revenues 
from operations on consolidated basis stood at Rs. 518 crore in H1 FY19 as against 
Rs. 455 crore in H1 FY18, registering a growth of 14% year-on-year. Domestic 
revenue during H1 FY19 grew by 19% led by strong demand in the domestic 
market, especially in the second quarter. Q2 FY19 revenues came in at Rs. 282 
crore, higher by 28%. 
On the profitability front, EBITDA during H1 FY19 stood at Rs. 79 crore, with 
margins at 15%. Cost pressures on key raw materials impacted profitability during 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
the period under review. We have already undertaken price increases to partially 
cover raw material inflation, however to normalize margins over the longer period, 
we will need further steps together with our customer. Our employee cost during H1 
FY19 increased 10% year-on-year. Increase was partially due to one-time expense 
incurred in Q2 FY19 towards rationalization and closure of the unit in Barneveld, 
Netherlands. In Q2 FY19, EBITDA grew by 17% to Rs. 43 crore the margin stood 
stable at 15%. 
Coming to our segmental performance, fragrance division delivered a healthy 
growth in H1 assisted by robust revival in the second quarter. In H1 FY19, Domestic 
fragrance business reported growth of 24% while overseas revenues grew by 3%. 
In Q 2 FY19, the domestic fragrance delivered a strong growth of 36%, translating 
into a consolidated segment growth of 31%. The overseas division also marked 
robust growth of 20% year-on-year. The ongoing volatility in raw materials prices 
resulted in subdued operating profit during H1, which stood at Rs. 66 crore against 
Rs. 68 crore in H1 FY18. Margin stood stable at 14% in H1 FY19. In Q2 FY19, 
operating profit delivered a healthy growth of 18% year-on-year and stands at Rs. 
37 crore. 
In our Flavor division, the revenue stood at Rs. 53 crore in H1 FY19, lower by 9% 
year-on-year. The domestic business in particular de-grew by 20% while overseas 
marked a growth of 12% during this period. During Q2 FY19, increased momentum 
has registered a healthy 24% year-on-year growth in overseas business. The 
domestic segment during the quarter de-grew by 3%. In H1 FY19, the segment 
recorded an operating profit at Rs. 6 crore, with margins at 12%. In Q2 FY19, 
operating profit stood at Rs. 2 crore. Raw material cost pressure continued to 
impact our profitability in this segment as well. We expect to report better results in 
H2 FY19 as compared to H2 FY18. 
On the operational front, we are happy to share that we have formerly inaugurated 
our aroma ingredients unit at Mahad during the quarter. This plant has a total 
installed capacity of 1,200 metric per annum and is one of the largest manufacturing 
plant for Tonalid worldwide. The state-of-art facility will manufacture Tonalid and 
other key raw materials used in the fragrance industry. The commissioning is in-
sync with previously announced strategic investment to shift production of 
Netherlands to a high quality operating efficient center in India. Additionally, we 
have optimized capacity in our other Tonalid manufacturing facility, which we 
acquired as Anhui in China at a nominal capex. The installed capacity of this 
Tonalid plant has been expanded to 400 metric tons from 300 metric tons at the 
time of acquisition.  
At this time, there is a strong global demand for specialty chemicals. We undertake 
and foresee that the demand at both our facilities, in Mahad and in China, will allow 
SHK greater flexibility at its manufacturing operations leading to increased operating 
efficiencies. These facilities will also help strengthen our global market share in 
Tonalid. On the whole, we are witnessing a healthy revival in the demand 
environment and improved consumption pattern across domestic and international 
markets. The new product launches, particularly in FMCG industry, is showing 
robust traction and an improved macro environment, SHK is focusing on deepening 
its customer engagement and adding new products to positively impact growth, 
especially in the fragrance division. This, along with improving availability of key 
ingredients will enable us to further strengthen from an overall business 
performance in the second half of the current fiscal.  
Before I close, I would like to cover some developments on the management team 
as well. The Board has accepted the resignation tendered by Mr. Ratul Bhaduri, 
Executive VP and Group CFO, who wishes to pursue career opportunities outside of 
the SH Kelkar. Accordingly, he shall be relieved on 3rd December 2018. The board 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
would like to thank him for his contribution to the Company during his tenure and we 
wish him well in all his future endeavors. In addition, we are happy to share that the 
Board has inducted Mr. Shrikant Mate as Group CFO of the Company, in addition to 
his role of Vice President - Strategy. 
With this, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions or 
suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Chintan Modi from Motilal Oswal 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Modi: 
On the domestic fragrance growth side, which did a fantastic growth this quarter, is 
this kind of momentum likely to continue in Q3 and Q4? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I do not see any change in the demand scenario. We have always been 
maintaining and we continue to have strong demand for our products in the 
domestic fragrance market. The numbers are reflective of that, so we do not see 
any specific concern on the demand. As I have already mentioned and as we 
continue to face raw material headwinds, we will continue to monitor and ensure 
that we first prioritize our existing customers and maintain balance between growth 
and availability for existing customers. 
Chintan Modi: 
Can you highlight whether this growth was from the existing products only or there 
were some new products also which contributed to the growth? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I do not have exact breakup. Roughly 3% to 4% of the business in the year is 
coming out of new products, which are introduced in that particular year and we are 
continuing to see the same trend, there is no exceptional trend in this quarter. 
Chintan Modi: 
On the margin side, by how much the cost basket on an average was higher for us 
during the second quarter? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are seeing roughly 30% YoY cost increase in the ingredients, in the raw 
material input that we have in an average basket. The actual number in the 
increase will be slightly lower due to the inventory that we are carrying through the 
period as we go. If I look at cost of average basket as on September 2017 and 
September 2018 in INR, this is roughly 30% increase. There is an additional ~10% 
of currency change which is also reflected in that number, but we have the 
inventory at the old cost and as it gets replaced, it will have a total impact of 30%. 
Chintan Modi: 
We have also started Mahad plant so lot of manufacturing will also start shifting 
from Netherlands, which will bring in lot of efficiencies and cost savings. By end of 
FY19, what margins are you looking at as compared to the current level of 
margins? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The last two quarters we have been selling from the stock and we have gross 
margin of excess of 70% for the specific product. When our Mahad unit is finally 
operational, we expect it to be below 60% at the gross margin level, somewhere 
around 55%, when it is fully commissioned and operational. We should have 
additional availability for sales as well. Today, we are limited in our ability to sell 
due to carrying forward the contracted stocks. 
Chintan Modi: 
Any price hike that we have taken during the quarter? Also if you can highlight in 
H1, how much price hikes you would have taken and how much are we planning, 
going ahead? 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
Kedar Vaze: 
We have changed the business model to more frequent price discussion with 
customers and we have looked at customer-wise and product-wise discussions 
and negotiations, unlike previous cycles, where it used to be once a year 
discussion. We continue to engage with customers as and when there is acute 
short supply of raw materials. So, price discussions are an ongoing scenario this 
year as compared to once a year or twice a year phenomenon as was in history. 
So, we are talking with customers and updating them on the reality of the cost 
pressure and we have, by and large, very good customer relations and good 
customer support has helped us to tide this and they will continue to support us. 
Chintan Modi: 
The borrowings have gone up during the quarter, so what will you associate that 
with? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The entire Mahad plant commissioning, the acquisition in Anhui. We have 
continued to give the full dividend in this quarter and the additional investments in 
the employee benefit trust. So, all of these are large capex. In the operating side, 
we have continued to make a positive cash flow of ~Rs. 30 plus crore. 
Chintan Modi: 
What is the average cost of debt? 
Ratul Bhaduri: 
It would be in the region of about 5.5% blended. 
Chintan Modi: 
So, this is foreign borrowings? 
Ratul Bhaduri: 
It is a mix. 
Moderator: 
We would take the next question from the line of Vicky Punjabi from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
On the fragrance side, revenue suddenly dipped in Q1 and then we saw a very 
sharp revival in Q2, so can you help us understand what really happened in these 
two quarters and the recovery that we have seen how much of that is led by the 
pricing effects? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The net price increase on sales is somewhere around 9% to 10% on the blended 
basis for the first half. As I mentioned in the call last quarter, we had some 
execution challenges due to force-majeure declared by couple of Indian aroma 
ingredient suppliers, particularly in the month of May. So, we had some carry over 
orders in June, July and also in terms of seasonal demand for the festival season. 
We normally anticipate the second quarter to be stronger than the first quarter, this 
year as a basis and we would like to again remind and do advise the investors to 
look at H1 to H1 comparison as more indicative because typically quarter-on-
quarter, in terms of festival season and demand does tend to move between the 
first and second quarter. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Now, we have a base that also catches up. The base is not as favorable as we saw 
in the first half, so how do you see growth in fragrance segment? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Like for like, customer by customer, growth we are seeing in excess of 25%, 28% 
growth whereas some segments of pockets which have remained soft even in this 
period and we do not see a large concern on the demand. We are very much 
aware, at this point, we have very strong demand. We are being careful to execute 
the right kind of orders, keeping in mind with our long-term relationships and supply 
contracts and taking on growth in a rational manner. So, the demand is very strong 
so I do not see any concern in H2 FY19, once our Tonalid plant is up and running, 
which has started commercial production and the fact that we are now seeing 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
better availability of raw material compared to first half of this year and last quarter 
of previous year. We will be able to execute more orders in hand. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
The gross margin compression was sharper in Q2 versus Q1, whereas the belief 
was that the RM pressure that we saw in Q1 would probably subside or moderate a 
little bit in Q2. Is this led by further increase in cost or was there some mix play out 
here? 
Kedar Vaze: 
As I mentioned in Q1, some of the low margin orders have been deferred so the 
supply lead times were higher and some of them have gotten executed in Q2. H1 
FY19, as a whole, is representative of where we are operating. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
What is the scope of recovery in margin that you see in H2 FY19? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We have seen a large movement in the currency and we continue to hear specific 
news across supply chain of disturbances and force-majeure, so I want to be 
careful on giving any kind of guidance. With the Tonalid plant being operational, we 
will improve our gross margin by about 2% on the same product mix, which is 
expected to kick in from this third quarter onwards. So, 2% improvement will be an 
internal improvement due to the operationalization of the Tonalid plant and we will 
continue to have a dialogue with our customers and our vendors to ensure that we 
maintain a reasonable gross margin similar to 42%- 43% which is for the first half 
of this year. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
On the capex front, because it seems to be much higher than what we were 
expecting - cash from investing activities is an outflow of Rs. 95 crore, can you help 
me understand where has this gone and how much was the Mahad plant capex? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Though the entire cash flow, as I mentioned, we have got the Mahad plant 
operationalized, which is roughly Rs. 40 crore of capex in this quarter. The dividend 
which was paid to the extent of Rs. 30.5 crore and funding the employee benefit 
trust to the tune of about Rs. 8 crore, those are the major three plus we have Rs. 
25 crore outgo on Anhui plant. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Jignesh Makwana from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
Last call, you had mentioned that some of the large accounts were doing pretty 
well and real pain was on the small accounts, so how was the phenomena in the 
current quarter? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The large accounts continue to grow. We have seen some recovery of the smaller 
and regional accounts as well in the second quarter. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
What is the current mix between the large accounts and small accounts, 
particularly in Indian operations? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The current mix remains the same. In Q1, we had a higher skew towards large 
account and in Q2, we have pretty much higher sale on the regional and smaller 
accounts than what was in Q1. So, as a H1 FY19 to H1 FY18 comparison, we are 
back on the same basis. It is roughly 40% of large accounts and 30% in medium-
size and 30% in retail and small. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
What is the constant currency growth for overseas business, both fragrance and 
flavor for Q2FY19?  

 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the constant currency growth for entire business is 12.2% for the exports. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
Can you give us separately for fragrance and flavor? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I have only the numbers in INR so we will work and come back with these details. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
In this particular quarter, we have quite a low tax rate, any specific reason for that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We have completed transfer of technology from Netherlands operation to Mahad 
operation so the IP transfer has happened. As a result of that, there will be a small 
taxation differential between India and Netherlands, which will accrue. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
What should we consider as full year tax rate for our modeling purpose? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Around 30% range is what you should consider. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishna Biyani from Prabhudas Liladher PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Nishna Biyani: 
Could you highlight the raw material issues faced from China, Brazil and Europe, 
according to the raw materials which you source from there - what is the current 
status and what is the inflation there? Secondly, could you help us with some kind 
of a guidance for entire FY19 in terms of revenues that you are targeting because 
in the annual report, you had mentioned earlier that you are looking between 15% 
to 20% growth so does that guidance hold for the full year? Thirdly, when I look at 
SH Kelkar, which is currently the third largest F&F player in India, the margin 
between you and IFF is not much different, so when do you see SH Kelkar 
becoming the second largest in India? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The question has two parts – one is on raw material scenario. I just want to explain 
that the raw material scenario is a dynamic scenario. We have seen 
unprecedented ups and downs and volatility in this market. Most of the raw 
materials, which faced the issue in September, October of last year are now back 
on track and we are seeing normalization in those raw materials. There continues 
to be a scenario where some raw materials, in particular supply chain out of China 
and a few products out of BASF factory, continue to be under force-majeure or 
difficult supply. All in all, the wave of major raw material supply disruption has 
eased, but I would say a large part is also because we have been able to move 
some of our capacities to Vapi to help the supply chain internally. So, for SH 
Kelkar, as a Company, we have been able to react to the changes and generate 
additional capacity for our own in-house consumption and to give you a magnitude 
- roughly 20 crore of material has been already produced which has been used in-
house to ease the raw material problems for our industry. We will continue to 
monitor the situation on fortnightly basis and it is always an agenda point for the 
management team, every week, to look at the raw material, plan ahead and make 
sure that we deliver to all our customers as promised on time with the price which 
was agreed and so far we have been able to maintain that and we will continue to 
keep that. 
 
The second question was in terms of revenue guidance - we are still very much the 
same at 15% CAGR long-term growth expectation. We relooked at the business 
model and pockets of growth going forward so we will focus our attention on the 
growth areas within South East Asia, India as the primary focus and continue to 
deploy more regional or local resources for gaining business. 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
On the third question, I do not want to comment on other competitors within 
specific regional and specific numbers since it is a listed global company, they 
report all the numbers on a consolidated basis, which we track. Within India, within 
their region, there are inter-company transfers and so on and so forth so I do not 
want to comment on competition with them. Our overall objective is to continue to 
grow our market share in the domestic fragrance market and outside India in both 
flavor and fragrances and we will track that as a market share of total market, 
independent of where other competitors come in. I am happy to inform to the best 
of our estimate, we are continuing to do market plus growth even in the previous 
six months, where overall the market has been very difficult. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jigar Jani from Edelweiss Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Jigar Jani: 
The net price increase that you have taken in H1 is 9% to 10%, is that correct? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That is right. 
Jigar Jani: 
So, considering that we have grown around 14% on half yearly basis, then that 
means a volume growth is only 5% for H1 FY19? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That is correct. Just bearing in mind that we did not have sufficient stock on the 
Netherlands production because the production was stopped. 
Jigar Jani: 
So, can we assume that we will play some catch-up in terms of volumes in the H2 
FY19, which is why in spite of us having a very strong base in H2 FY18, we will still 
be able to do volume growth in double-digits? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think we need to take into account that in the particular months of May, June and 
July, the supply disruptions were quite acute and we were trying to manage to 
service all our existing clients without too much focus or too much attention on new 
growth. So, the numbers are reflective of the fact that we delivered 5%- 6% volume 
growth ensuring that all our customers are getting their material in full, without any 
constraints and delays. And at this point post-September, when the raw material 
supply situation has eased, we are ready to take on and grow the new wins that 
have already been substantial wins in H1 FY19. So, we will be able to take on 
more volume in H2 FY19 because the availability has eased. 
Jigar Jani: 
So, this would be despite the strong base that we face, so we can still grow double-
digit volumes on YoY basis? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think there are no constraints as we speak on volume growth. So, we were very 
conscious of ensuring that we do not miss out on any contract. We were less 
aggressive on new business growth from supply chain point of view. We have 
managed to service all our clients in full and we are now very strongly placed with 
the supply, with the inventory and the available material - both in-house and 
outside - to supply our customers’ growing needs, if we have 15% volume growth 
in second half, then we are ready for it. 
Jigar Jani: 
Regarding the cost that you took in employee expenses regarding the CDC at 
Netherlands, what would be the absolute amount, which was exceptional in 
employee expenses this quarter? 
Kedar Vaze: 
It is to the tune of around Rs. 4 crore when converted to rupees and the absolute 
amount is in Euros, so whichever currency rate you take on the day or at the end of 
the period, it is around Rs. 4 crore. 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
Jigar Jani: 
When you said that there will be 2% margin increase from the Tonalid plant at 
Mahad, so was this only for the specific product or on an overall basis? 
Kedar Vaze: 
On an overall basis, the impact of the gross margin improvement in Mahad will be 
a 2% improvement. 
Jigar Jani: 
And that we will see starting from Q3 FY19? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Production will begin in Q3 FY19, so from Q4, we will see the improvement. In 
spite that, this is an internal so everything else remaining like-for-like, we will have 
a 2% improvement and already between the end of September and today, the 
currency and various scenario of costs have changed so we are looking at that, we 
will talk with the customer and take appropriate steps. So, like for like, just a pure 
impact of the Mahad production is a 2% composite improvement in gross margin. 
Jigar Jani: 
Any update on when the BASF plant is likely to start because internally they still 
seem to be nowhere near lifting the force-majeure? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I have no specific details on that. They have indicated that Q4 of CY18, which is 
this quarter, they would lift the force-majeure on the stream of products, which they 
announced that was affected in the Q4 last year and there is another set of 
products, which is still under force-majeure and there is a new force-majeure 
announced by BASF on some other feedstock. So, we need to keep track of what 
is happening. As I mentioned, almost on a bi-weekly basis, we are tracking and 
adapting our supply chain and availability to match with that scenario. 
Jigar Jani: 
This 9%-10% price hike that we took in H1, would we expect a similar price 
increase to follow in H2? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The price increase is with a strong lag to the cost increase. So, we are hopeful that 
the customer will look into and we continue to negotiate and discuss for additional 
price increases wherever it is required, but the scenario between cost increase, 
price increase and the level at which the customer growth, we should see the 
stabilization of the gross margins around these levels of 42%- 43%. So, we started 
with 45%-46% last year and we had a couple of quarters, where it was sub-40% to 
38%- 39% of gross margin. This first half, we are seeing 42% and 43% gross 
margin on a composite basis and we believe that this level, we should be able to 
sustain going forward and we will have to wait till we see the final numbers, but we 
are closely tracking this on every fortnight basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from HDFC Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Is there a loan mark-to-market in the interest cost? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The overseas loan is largely linked to overseas euro or dollar sales. So, the loan is 
in euros and dollars and the sales are also in euros and dollars, so there is no 
mark-to-market write-off in reality. 
Chirag Dagli: 
For the quarter, this interest is what we would actually pay? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Foreign exchange gain on the sales and the interest marking-to-market has 
changed. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Historically you have not taken 10% kind of price hike, but today for H1 FY19, you 
have taken 10% kind of price hike, given that there are macro factors at play, can 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 Q2 & H1 FY2019 Concall Transcript 
you escalate this price hike that you are taking? So say, versus 10%, you take 15% 
or 20%? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are actually sort of maintaining our margin on a conversion basis to a certain 
extent. We are trying to translate and transfer the cost increases back to the 
clients. 
Chirag Dagli: 
You mentioned about Rs. 20 crore worth of products that you have manufactured 
at Vapi facility, so this is for H1? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That is correct. So, in-house consumption of around 20 crore has been additional 
for us, internally. 
Chirag Dagli: 
If I annualize this, then this will be like Rs. 40 crore worth of products which until 
last year you were not manufacturing on your own, but now you are doing it at your 
own? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I would not annualize it because if the availability of these products is again 
smooth, we will buy from the market, but the impact of cost increase vis-à-vis 
comparable market price, we have been able to soften the impact by making this 
Rs. 20 crore worth of products ourselves. If we had not made this, we would have 
had another Rs. 5 odd crore hit on our bottom line. 
Chirag Dagli: 
How much more can you do at Vapi in terms of capacity or in terms of more 
products? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Capacity utilization at this point is roughly around 80% to 85% so we have not too 
much headroom in terms of product capacity, but we have multipurpose plants, so 
we are in a position to change the product mix quickly to look at products, where 
there is a supply chain or a price advantage or a disturbance in the market and 
manufacture those in-house. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
their closing comments. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of SH Kelkar and Company 
Limited we conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining us, you may now 
disconnect your lines now. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
