Date: 22nd November, 2018
To,
The Manager
Compliance Department
BSE Limited
Corporate Service Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 .
Dear Sir / Madam,
The Manager
Compliance Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1 ,
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex ,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 .
Re:
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited. Script Code & 10: 534369 I TBZ
Sub:
Transcript of Conference Call with the Investorsl Analyst
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/ Analysts on
Friday, 2nd November, 2018 at 4.00 p.m. (1ST). A copy of Transcript of conference
call held with the Investors / Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also
been put up on the Company's Website at www.tbztheoriginal.com.
We request you to kindly take the same on record.
Thanking You.
Encl: as above
1 RIRH()\' '0·'- BHI IJI 7 \\ FRI I TO.
ClN No . L27205MH2007PLCl72598
Regd Office: 241/43, Zaveri Bazar, Mumbal - 400 002. Tel -t-91.22.3956 5001,91 22.40465001 Fax: +91.22.39565056.
11th Floor, WestWing, Tulsianl Chambers, Free Press Journal Road, Nariman Point. Mumbai - 400 021. Tel 02230735000,91.22.49255000
Fax' 022 30735088
'W'I'NJtbztheoriginal com

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY19 Earnings Conference Call 
November 02, 2018 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Sai, your moderator for this conference. Welcome 
to Q2 FY19 Earnings Conference Call for Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited organized by 
Dickenson IR. At this moment all participants are in the listen-only mode, later we will conduct 
question and answer session. At that time if you have a question please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on 
your telephone keypad. Please note this conference is recorded. I would now like to turn the 
conference over to Mr. Nilesh Dalvi. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nilesh Dalvi: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Dickenson IR let me welcome you all to the Earnings 
Call of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited for the second quarter and first half of financial year 
2018-19. Today we have with us management led by Mr. Shrikant Zaveri – Chairman & 
Managing Director and Mr. Saurav Banerjee – Chief Finance Officer. 
Before we get started I would like to remind you that our remarks today might include forward-
looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these 
statements. Any statements we make on this call today are based on our assumptions as of 
date and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information 
of future events. 
I would now invite Mr. Zaveri to make his opening remarks. Thank you. 
Shrikant Zaveri: 
Good evening everyone. I would like to welcome you all to discuss the earnings of Tribhovandas 
Bhimji Zaveri Limited for the second quarter and the first half of financial year 2018-19. At the 
outset we are happy to inform you that TBZ-The Original has begun its journey in the North 
Indian jewelry market with our first store in Noida launched in August followed by another 
store opened yesterday in Ludhiana, Punjab. In addition to this we also opened our third store 
in Pune in October. Our total retail store count has now reached to 40 stores with the retail 

 
Page 2 of 11 
area of 1,17,906 sq. ft. spread across 28 cities in 13 states. We are planning to open some more 
stores with a mix of owned and franchise stores over the coming months in line with our store 
expansion plan of FY19. 
 
Coming to our second quarter performance; we recorded 8% same store sales growth driven 
by increased footfalls at our stores and healthy consumer buying sentiments. Better revenue 
growth along with strict control on operating expenses helped us to generate improved EBITDA 
margins and profitability. Our constant focus on offering innovative jewellery designs, 
attractive customer schemes and increased advertising and marketing initiatives taken in the 
last quarter helped us to drive footfalls and ensure healthy conversion into sales during the 
quarter. We are hopeful for this trend to continue as we go ahead in the ongoing festival in 
wedding season.  
With these initial remarks I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO Mr. Saurav Banerjee 
for a quick overview on the financial performance during the quarter. Thank you. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Good evening everybody. First, I shall begin with a summary of the second quarter and first 
half numbers for FY18-19. I shall first read out the Q2 numbers followed by the H1 numbers. 
Total income from operations of Rs 345.66 crores which is up 5.98 % YOY from Q2 FY 18 of Rs 
326.16 crores, gross profit of Rs 53.14 crores vis-à-vis Rs 53.51 crores for Q2 FY18, gross margin 
of 15.37% vis-à-vis 16.40%. EBITDA of Rs 15.78 crores vis-à-vis Rs 11.92 to crores, YOY 
improvement of 32.32%, EBITDA margin of 4.56% vis-à-vis 3.66%. PBT of Rs 2.56 crores versus 
Rs 1.44 crores, PBT margin of 0.74% versus 0.44%. PAT of Rs 1.71 crores versus Rs 0.80 crores, 
PAT margin of 0.49% versus 0.24%. 
H1 numbers; total income from operations 756.59 crores vis-à-vis 770.18 crores, a dip of 1.76%. 
Gross profit 114.35 vis-à-vis 115.76, gross margin 15.11 versus 15.03. EBITDA 29.65 crores 
versus 31.66 crores, EBITDA margin 3.92% versus 4.11%. PBT 4.60 crores versus 10.28 crores, 
PBT margin 0.61% versus 1.34%. PAT 3.02 crores versus 6.63 crores, PAT margin 0.40% versus 
0.86%. 
I will just give a quick update in terms of the store expansion that we have undertaken so far 
and what is sort of forthcoming on the radar. As we have already announced that we made a 
very significant step towards adding northern India to our map by opening a store in Noida 
which approximately is 4500 sq. ft. which was opened on 18th August. It’s just started 
operations and we are happy to say that it's progressing well although these are very early 
days. Then we have added another store in the month of October which is in Pune in Aundh 
which opened just recently on 19th October which is about 1500 sq. ft.. This is the third store 
in Pune. We believe that Pune as a city has expanded a way beyond its original limit and it's 
about time that we cater to the entire population of Pune and make it convenient for them to 
reach our store and to make their purchases as per their aspirations so that's why we have 

 
Page 3 of 11 
opened the third store in Pune. Then very recently yesterday we have opened a new store in 
Ludhiana which is our first store in the state of Punjab. So as you can see that we have added 
one more store in northern India. This is effectively our third store. We already had a small 
store in Rajasthan in Udaipur followed by Noida and then now in Ludhiana. Ludhiana store is 
about 2800 sq. ft. and we look forward to a great performance from this store. Going forward 
we have plans to open a store in Bangalore in Q3. We shall of force keep everybody informed 
as and when the store is launched. As we also have plans to open a few franchise stores in the 
Eastern part of India. Particularly we are looking at cities like Bhubaneswar which should also 
be coming in the next couple of months. We are considering Guwahati where discussions are 
going on and we should be able to finalize those discussions soon enough. We are also looking 
at couple of cities in Maharashtra where we would like to open new stores, new cities in 
Maharashtra and also Gujarat. As well as looking at couple of cities in the South. 
In terms of same store sales growth as you have already understood that we have recorded 
about 8% same store sales growth in Q2 and we would like to continue on the same part and 
we are pretty confident that in the current quarter also we should be able to demonstrate a 
healthy same-store sales growth. Dussehra sales have been quite encouraging and have been 
better than what it was last year. So far at least Q3 is on the right track, a very healthy 
performance in October and we look forward to a very robust and strong Q3 performance. So 
that's a bit of a summary about the way forward as far as this current year is concerned. I 
welcome if somebody would like to ask any specific questions then you are most welcome. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from Mr. Vignesh Krishnamurthy from Harmony Wealth. Please go 
ahead 
Vignesh Krishnamurthy: 
Even that we have the same-store sales growth of 8% and we do outright sales to the franchise, 
negating that what will be the same-store sales growth? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
The same-store sales growth is excluding the franchisee sales and also this quarter we have not 
added any new franchisee in any case. 
Vignesh Krishnamurthy: 
So this sales is completely to the retail? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Hitesh Goel from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Can you tell me what is the same-store growth you are looking in third quarter and the volume 
growth outlook for third quarter and full year? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Normally I would not like to really spell out. But as you can see historically since we have very 
recently touched the 8% same store sales growth, I think for Q3 we should definitely be looking 

 
Page 4 of 11 
at something in the double-digit column. So we are targeting around 10% same-store sales 
growth on a YOY basis for Q3. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Any benefit you have received in terms of margin because of GST paying out, so there is a trend 
in industry where unorganized players are losing market share and organized are gaining 
market share, can you talk about that trend playing out? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I would not say that much in terms of sales growth but definitely in terms of market share in 
terms of improved footfalls and conversions. We have known right from beginning that the 
introduction and the settling down of GST will definitely lead to consolidation in the 
unorganized sector which we have claimed about several times in the past. So it's clearly visible, 
over the last few quarters we have seen that that's happening and there is a clear preference 
of the customers in terms of looking at branded products, in terms of jewellery which is being 
manufactured or which is being sold by the well-known brands and TBZ is obviously one of the 
leading brands in that area. We have seen customers weaning away from unorganized sector 
because of the stringent tracking mechanisms and the control that have been reinforced by 
the government. It has become all the more difficult for some of these players to do their 
business in the manner in which they were earlier used to and the advantages that they used 
to pass on to the customer which one can say where probably not above board one and also 
greatly reduced and almost disappeared. So under the circumstances on an Apple-to-Apple 
basis any customer would like to go for branded really which is there, clearly demonstrating as 
far as our products are concerned. So yes there are benefits that we have also been able to get 
out of GST. 
Hitesh Goel: 
I wanted some colour on the improvement in margins, is there any improvement in gross 
margins because of GST playing out, any benefits you are getting specifically on margin front? 
Further, the banks had started tightening credit to the jewellery sector right after the recent 
scams , so this headwind for the sector gone away and are banks more willing to lend to 
established players like TBZ, Titan etc.? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
In terms of margins, on an overall basis, I would say there is a slight improvement in margins 
on the half year basis. We have clearly seen improvement in diamond jewellery margins. Gold 
I would say has remained more or less flat because the gold demands have been slightly muted 
in the past but they have remained flat as far as margins are concerned. Diamond margins have 
clearly shown some kind improvement, so to answer your question yes that's happening. I think 
as we move along in this financial year you will clearly see that the blended margins for the 
company will start improving as we go along as I said. That is as far as margins are concerned. 
I'm not sure whether it's directly related to GST in any way but it's more on the product mix 
and on the performance of the company's product. In terms of bank financing we are aware 
that banks have become lot more careful about lending to certain quarters within this industry. 
As far as TBZ is concerned no challenges at all. I think the banks recognize the brand and the 
trust and the legacy that this company has and the steady growth and the performance that it 

 
Page 5 of 11 
has been recording for several years. No challenges on that front as far as TBZ is concerned. In 
the industry as we have heard that the banks have tightened credit offtake to a certain extent. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Gaurav Jogani from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
I actually missed the initial commentary, so I was just saying that the revenues have increased 
by 6% however the same-store sales have increased by 8%. So is it because of some store 
closure or something that there is a negative difference between the revenue increase in the 
same-store sales growth? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
You are right in the sense that this is because of the franchisee sales which were there in last 
year; Q2 there was a onetime inventory sale to the franchisee which is for Bhopal. So that 
adjustment had to be made and then the same-store sales growth was calculated. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
But as you said in this calculation of same-store sales growth we will calculate only the sales 
done from our stores, the existing stores that were one year or two year before and the sale 
happening from those stores again or it also includes the franchisee sales also. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
No, finally there will be a total growth but onetime sales to franchisee has to be completely 
ignored from a same-store sales calculation purpose. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
If we see the inventory in the month of September has again increased. So is this because of 
the built up to the festive season that we see a spike in the inventory and then maybe we can 
say it going down going ahead? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, you are right and of course there are other reasons as well. The increase that you can see 
in Q2 is because we have opened up quite a large store in Noida in the month of August and 
also there has been a build up for the Pune store which we have opened in the month of 
October and also the store which opened yesterday in Ludhiana. So for the preparation of a 
store opening some kind of inventory buildup has to be done. Secondly of course for a festive 
season which as you know in October we had Dussehra and now we have the Dhanteras - Diwali 
period when there has to be a buildup of inventory which is then released through a higher 
sale in Q3. If you look at the earlier Q2s also you will find a similar kind of buildup which 
generally happens in the month of September and then there is a flow-through in the month 
of October, November and the inventory starts coming down to the normal level. So in this 
case also that has happened plus in any case as I said that one store was actually opened in Q2 
and then there were two stores for which the entire preparation for opening the stores was 
on. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Out of the total 39 stores now how many do we have on franchisee basis as of now and how 
many were opened in the first half of FY19 on franchisee basis? 

 
Page 6 of 11 
Saurav Banerjee: 
By adding Ludhiana we have 40 stores but as on 30th of September we had 38 stores actually, 
out of that 33 owned stores. What's your second question? 
Gaurav Jogani: 
How many stores on franchisee basis have we opened in this first half of the FY19? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
We have not opened any new franchise in first half. We plan to open a store in Q3, most 
probably in the Eastern part of India followed by 2 or 3 more stores in Q4. As far as own stores 
are concerned so far we have opened three stores which are Noida, the third store in Pune and 
Ludhiana. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
What is the strategy of the company going ahead because as I have seen the presentation it 
was written that 75% of the incremental stores would be on franchisee basis? But as per your 
commentary I think the mix is more 50-50 as of now. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
One has to understand that strategies often have to be changed according to the need of the 
situation. So this overall strategy is to add franchisee stores on an ongoing basis which is what 
we have done in the past and we shall be opening several more franchise stores in coming 
quarters. So on an overall basis the strategy is to open franchise stores and we have not moved 
away from that. However, for larger markets for mega cities like Delhi, Noida or Bangalore and 
some other such cities we think that it's important to demonstrate our ability to establish a 
large store in these new markets and administer them directly so that they stabilize and 
perform well. And once that is done then we use the hub and spoke model to open smaller 
stores in Tier II, Tier III cities in the same states or in the same region which can feed from the 
main store, so that's sort of strategy. Going forward we will find that in the megacities where 
we have not yet been present we shall be opening own stores followed by franchise stores in 
either that same city or in the state or in the region so those will be the feeder stores you can 
put it like that. So that's the part of the strategy and over a period of time you will see that the 
percentages will be sort of following what we have earlier said. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
How has been the performance of these franchise stores? I think they will be more than one 
year old now. So what kind of inventory turns are we seeing there, what kind of the product 
mix are they giving, any colour on that would be helpful? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
In terms of franchise store performance I think on an overall basis they have been performing 
steadily. Some of the franchise stores like in Patna have done exceedingly well. In terms of 
inventory turns they matched the inventory turns overall of the company. So we have about 
2.5-2.6 kind of a turn for gold and around one kind of turn or 0.9 kind of turn for diamond. In 
terms of product mix what we have generally seen that in the Eastern part of India the product 
mix is slightly skewed towards gold, so maybe the product mix is something like 79-21 or 78-
22 or 80-20 in some of the stores. But we believe that once the franchise network is spread 
across India, it will be little more varied and we shall be able to see a product mix of 76-24 or 
75-25 going forward. So that's how they are doing currently. 

 
Page 7 of 11 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Vishal Mehta from Optimum Securities.  
Vishal Mehta: 
The first question is a book keeping question. Could you share the figure of sales to franchisee 
this quarter? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
You want to know franchise sales? 
Vishal Mehta: 
The presentation says there is a one-time inventory sale to franchisee. So just wanted to know 
what is that amount. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Last year in the same quarter we opened Bhopal store which had a sale of approximately Rs 10 
crores. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Just wanted to get a sense of there is a drop in employee cost so is there anything particular in 
that? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
We have been cautiously rationalizing the headcount in terms of employees and we have also 
upgraded our ERP systems and fair amount of automation has been done in the recent last one 
year. Of course, it's a continuous process. So accordingly, we have been able to rationalize our 
headcount to a certain extent which is a part of our cost control or I would say it efficiency and 
productivity measures. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Prashant, individual investor.  
Prashant: 
What was the advertisement cost this quarter? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
It's around Rs 5 crores for this quarter, for the half year it's around Rs 20 crores. 
Prashant: 
Why we have decreased product mix from diamond like you used to give commentary that we 
are going to increase it. But we are seeing is completely contradictory, it has been reduced.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Are you talking about gold diamond mix? 
Prashant: 
Yes, gold diamond mix, the diamond mix is coming down. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, on an overall basis if you take a larger period of time then gold diamond mix has been in 
the range of 76-24 or so. However, for this particular quarter it has been slightly skewed 
towards gold because there was a kind of a sentiment about diamond for some time because 
of certain unfortunate incidents that happened and gold was I would say safer. Gold has always 
been a safer haven so that clearly played out. But I don't think there’s any cause for concern, 
it's a very temporary thing and if we just look at one quarter then we may not be always be 
able to get the right answer to how the product mix is overall. On an overall basis I think we 
are very committed to ensure that there is a very healthy contribution from the diamond sales 

 
Page 8 of 11 
which is what we have been trying to do. Even in the month of October on an overall basis we 
have found that customers have very well supported the diamond jewelry that we have had 
displayed and which we have offered to them and the huge amount of diamond jewelry has 
been sold. So we are quite happy with the performance of diamond jewelry overall and there 
is no cause for concern as far as product mix is concerned. Going forward we shall do whatever 
it takes in terms of advertising and branding our diamond products. We have introduced small 
ticket items. In the malls we have opened stores which are easy on the pocket, small ticket day-
to-day purchases which people can make for diamond product. We have a full range as far as 
wedding jewellery is concerned again, we have the best of the range. So, to answer your 
question this quarter probably is a little bit of an exception but overall our product mix is quite 
healthy, should improve little more. And the entry in North in Noida, in Punjab, in the northern 
part of India will most certainly improve the product mix for diamond because there is a flavor 
for diamond in those parts of the country. 
Prashant: 
What is our advertisement strategy for this light weight small ticket size jewellery because 
what I have seen is that I have not come across any advertisement for the small ticket size 
jewellery like Titan which did a good advertisement for this kind of product. So from TBZ I 
have not come across to see any advertisement on TV or even in newspaper, so what is 
exactly advertisement strategy for this? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
We have actually done reasonable amount of advertising for lightweight jewellery. We may not 
be selling it out in a very emphatic manner but I remember and you may have observed that in 
last year we had TV campaigns which were clearly focused on light weight, small ticket daily 
wear items. We had a particular TV campaign which was well appreciated. We have been 
talking about it. We have actually gone ahead and opened mall stores which are a clear 
physically present advertisements for lightweight jewellery and that is why they have been 
strategically opened in the malls where you get a lot of casual walking customer. There is no 
need to make a plan for buying these kinds of jewellery. It's an impulsive purchase. So 
advertising can happen in many forms, branding can happen in many forms and one of the 
things that we have done is to actually opened stores which are completely focused on these 
products. So that's how we have been going about. 
Prashant: 
When I'm talking to some of these customers they are talking about TBZ is like heavy jewellery 
store. That is what is the perception in the market. So that is what I am saying we need to 
change this perception to the small ticket item and it's not happening. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I agree, I understand what you're saying and it's a good point that you made. You will be happy 
to note that very recently we have actually introduced affordable diamond range of jewellery 
which is going to further our stand and our ability to demonstrate to all our customers that we 
have right kind of diamond jewellery product to suit every pocket, be it a small ticket daily wear 
item or a casual wear item or as I said affordable diamonds as well as the entire range of the 
high-profile diamond jewellery which is preferred for wedding. So I agree that on a traditional 

 
Page 9 of 11 
basis we have an image of being a wedding jeweller which is our forte and which is the space 
where we are very strong. However, I think we have done enough and more in the recent past 
in the last 1 or 2 years to give to our customers a complete range of products which is what we 
are talking about. So we are confident of that and we are taking care of this matter which you 
are mentioning. 
Prashant: 
On the other side we also need to improve our website. It looks so boring even when we go to 
our website it’s not attractive. So, I'm just suggesting you that we need to do something to our 
website because nowadays lots of e-commerce is going on so people are trying to go through 
our website. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
We take your point and your suggestion. There is already some work going on the website in 
terms of improving it and making it more interactive and more informative. So I think very 
quickly maybe by the time we do the next call you should be able to see a fair amount of 
improvement as one can see in our website. As far as online purchase is concerned, we are not 
using our website for those purposes. We do have online presence on the common platforms 
like Amazon and Flipkart where we have been around for about a year or so now. Although it's 
not a huge part of our sales process but we are certainly there. Maybe in the future we shall 
also look at using our website for online purchases. But I take your point and thanks for the 
suggestion. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Keval Shah, an individual investor. 
Keval Shah: 
On first page of our investor presentation we do show operating cost in percentage term. So 
first question I just wanted to confirm these are in terms of percentage of total sales or 
percentage of total operating costs? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Percentage of total sales. You're referring to page #4, slide #4, right. 
Keval Shah: 
Yeah slide #4 on left side bottom we have operating cost. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
These are total sales. 
Keval Shah: 
Now coming to the questions, in recent quarters we have been aggressive in our ad spends. So 
if you could highlight what was the impact of this aggressive ad spends in terms of footfalls and 
what kind of outlook do we have for coming few quarters in terms of ad spends? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
As we are aware and we have spoken in the past in the first quarter of this financial year we 
had a strategic spend on advertising which we did. It was the heaviest—I would say relatively 
heaviest—spend that we did and at that time we had explained that this is not just pertaining 
to Q1. It is more of strategic in nature and with the intent of increasing the footfalls, intent of 
increasing the recall value, top of the mind recall, introducing the uninitiated customers to the 

 
Page 10 of 11 
TBZ line of jewellery and more certainly looking at improving the kind of footfalls and walk-ins 
that we have and with a fine conversion ratio that we already have you would like to cash in 
on the top line in that way which is what has happened over the last six months. We are finding 
that the results of that kind of investment in advertising that we did in Q1 and to a lesser extent 
in Q2 has actually gone through to a certain extent. I would like to add that this is not the end 
of the exercise. The focus is completely on increasing footfalls and conversions and introducing 
the customers to the line of jewellery. I just spoke about affordable diamonds, there are various 
other products that are there. So I think it has been fairly successful kind of strategy that we 
had. By the end of the financial year and you will be able to ascertain the real value of that 
advertising which happened. 
Keval Shah: 
In terms of our stores I believe around more than 75% of our store network is more than three 
year old and as you have guided before that generally a store takes 3 to 4 years to mature. So 
I believe 75% of stores are matured now so what exactly are we missing in terms of seeing 
improvement in our financial performance despite of our stores being matured? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
One indication which we briefly mentioned in terms about even in this call is the same store 
sales growth. I think in couple of other quarters also earlier we have been able to demonstrate 
same-store sales growth which is what we have done in this quarter again. And going forward 
we are confident that we shall be able to demonstrate the same kind of same-store sales 
growth so that is an indication that the stores maturity whatever you are saying is actually 
something that is resulting in positivity for the company. In terms of improvement of margins 
again as I said that we are committed to improvement in the margins which you will see I talked 
about the diamond margins improving. We are also looking at higher conversion in terms of 
the walk-ins that happened. We have been able to reduce or control our costs effectively which 
is obviously an ongoing process. So the EBITDA margins have improved a bit and are likely to 
improve further. So, on an overall basis these are the measures. The inventory turns are big 
focus area for us, training for the staff, the front line staff, right kind of incentives being given 
to support them all these measures have already been put in place and you will see that on the 
gradual basis over the next two quarters also certain improvements in the financial 
performances. 
Keval Shah: 
In terms of our volumes, do you have any internal targets per se for example our gold sales to 
cross certain level or something like that? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
We are focusing on inventory turn so which in other words is talking about the volumes that 
you are mentioning on the call. So for example we are looking at inventory turns of around 3 
for gold and maybe more than 1 turn for diamond that itself will translate into higher volumes 
and which will eventually translate into the top line in terms of rupee. And we are looking at 
internal target as I said that there is a continuous process of training and upgradation of the 
store experiences that they have, customer experiences are being fortified. We have better 
incentives in place and those target achievements, the focus on that review mechanism that is 

 
Page 11 of 11 
within the company will all add to the volume growth that you are talking about. All our targets 
are volume based. We generally refer to everything in terms of volumes only not so much in 
terms of rupees which is actually just a function of the volume. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Mr. Prashant, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Prashant: 
We have our 33 owned stores, how many of them are leased and how many are owned by 
company? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
These new stores are all leased. 
Prashant: 
But out of 33 how many are owned by company? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
All the stores are on lease excepting three stores. 
Prashant: 
The Mumbai one is owned, others are on lease, right? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
No even in Mumbai all the stores excepting one are on lease. 
Prashant: 
So we have only one store on the book, other stores are on lease, right? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Dalvi for 
closing comments. 
Nilesh Dalvi: 
I would like to thank everyone for attending today's call. In case of any further questions you 
can get in touch with us. Our coordinates have been provided at the end of the investor 
presentation. Thank you for joining us today. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. On behalf of Dickenson IR, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
