 
 
 
 
20.11.2018 
 
 
BSE Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code :541403 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plazza, C-1, Block ‘G’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Symbol -  DOLLAR 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Reg: Transcript of ‘Earning Call’ on 12.11.2018 
 
A copy of the transcript as received from Edelweiss Securities Limited, being the organizers of 
‘Earning Call’ made on 12.11.2018 on the financial results of the Company for the Quarter 
ended on 30th September, 2018 and other matters is enclosed.  
 
This may please be informed to all the concerned.  
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
For Dollar Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Abhishek Mishra  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Abhishek 
Mishra
Digitally signed by 
Abhishek Mishra 
Date: 2018.11.24 
12:32:06 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results 
 November 12, 2018 | 03 p.m. IST 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Participants 
Mr. Vinod Gupta 
Managing Director 
 
Ms. Shashi Agarwal 
Senior Vice President – Corporate Strategy & Investor 
 
Mr. Ankit Gupta 
Vice President – Marketing  
 
 
   
 
 
   
Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
Questions and Answers 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Dollar 
Industries Q2 and H1 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Edelweiss 
Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, 
please signal for an operator by pressing “*”then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nihal Mahesh Jham from Edelweiss 
Securities. Thank you and over to you! 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: Thank you Ali. On behalf of Edelweiss I would like to 
welcome everyone for the Q2 FY2019 Concall of Dollar Industries. I would like 
to hand over the call to Mr. Vinod Gupta, Managing Director for his opening 
remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Vinod Gupta: Good afternoon and warm welcome to everybody on this earning 
call of Dollar Industries Limited for Q2 2018-2019 and also Happy Diwali 
Greetings to all of you. As we all see the economy has been recovering from the 
dent that  followed the abrupt demonetization and the introduction of GST. The 
nation has completed one year since implementation of GST and there has been 
hurdles and roadblocks for the newly paved road of GST. However, we are sure 
that we will now see the benefits of the same in the near future. 
 The consumer spread has increased in the second quarter pulling up the 
demand of our products in the market. This increase in demand has been 
reflected in the turnover of the company as well; however, our focus was mainly 
on improving the working capital cycle of the company and put a curb on the 
increasing debtors. The continous efforts of realizing the debtors by rationalizing 
the distributors according to their working capital  availability has started 
showing results on working capital cycle but at the same time such tightening 
has its own impact on the sales growth side but we have taken a conscious 
stand and we expect that by the end of this fiscal year we are sure to see some 
more benefits flowing in from the  exercise. 
 I am happy to share with you that the company has been awarded Company of 
the Year in textile segment eastern zone by Zee Business in Dare to Dream 
Award segment. I also want to share that joint venture company Pepe Jeans 
Innerfashion Private Limited has launched its product in Southern India in cities 
like Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, in trade channels and Pepe stores. Very 
soon the product will also be made available on central stores and online 
platforms. We will start covering the whole of Southern India and gradually we 
will  move on to the western part of the country. 
 There are more than 35 styles covering in men’s innerwear and athleisure. 
Dollar Industries Limited is also set to introduce the athleisure  under the brand 
name of Bigboss and Force NXT in the market in December. The product will 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
help increase overall ASP of the company and also have a positive impact on the 
bottomline. 
 The company is also set to launch its kiosk outlets for brand Missy and Force 
NXT in the malls from December onwards. These kiosks will not only act as a 
point of sales but also help in improving the customer connect, consumer 
awareness and branding. The company has added 400 of PoS in LFS and 
currently has more than 700 number of PoS. The agreement has also been 
entered in with India Familymart and City Live and soon we will be adding 
another 500 PoS by the end of this fiscal. The modern retail and e-commerce is 
being worked upon through digital marketing and increased visibility of the 
brands. 
 The brand Missy is growing on an average of 30% and the current branding and 
advertisement on Missy should help speed up the growth further. Bigboss is 
growing at a stable rate of 10.5% and there has been spur in the growth of 
economy segment as well. This can be well attributed to the shift of consumers 
from unorganised to organised sector. 
 However, as the company is working on alternative marketing strategy for the 
brand NXT the growth for the brand will be slow for the next two quarters 
nevertheless, I must emphasize here that we are working very aggressively and 
diligently on NXT and full impact of such impact will be visible in 2019-2020 
when we implement our new marketing strategy in full force. 
This is all from my side. I shall now hand over to Sashi to talk to you about the 
financial performance of the company in this quarter. 
Sashi Agarwal: Thank you Sir. Good afternoon everyone. The financial outlook 
for the company the company achieved total revenue of Rs.243 Crores for the 
quarter as compared to Rs.196.5 Crores in Q2 2018. This has been a growth of 
23.64%. The EBITDA for the company for the Q2 2019 stood at 36.43 Crores 
that is 14.99% as against 30.04 Crores which was at 15.29%. However, the 
PBT has shown a better growth. The PBT stood at 30.19 Crores that is 12.42 
Crores vis-à-vis 22.48 Crores which was 11.44%. 
 As already highlighted by Mr. Gupta, the company has made some 
improvements in terms of the working capital cycle is concerned. The debtors as 
on September 30, 2018 stood at 267.97 Crores, which is approximately 100 
days as compared to 106 days as on June 30, 2018. 
 The company has been working on reducing the debtor days and it has got it 
down by 5 days. Inventory stood at 319 Crores that is 96 days. This too has 
been reduced by 10 days as compared to June 30, 2018. The creditors stood at 
107.76 Crores at 35 days as compared to 46 days as on June 30, 2018. The 
total working capital cycle stands at 160 days approximately as compared to 
170 days as on June 30, 2018 again. 
 The company will continue its endeavor to reduce the debtor days by working 
with its distribution network and we are sure that we will be able to further trim 
out  working capital cycle. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
 Now moving on to the revenue breakup. The total percentage 
contributed by each of the brands stands as below: 
 Bigboss stands at 44%, Champion at 0.50%, Force Go Wear 6%, Force NXT 
3%, Missy 8%,Economy range of products stands at 36.5%, Thermal at 2%. 
 That is all from my side. Now I would open the forum for question and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question 
and answer session. We have our first question from the line of Himanshu 
Nayyar from Systematix Shares and Stocks. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Good afternoon everyone. Congrats on a decent set of 
numbers. Just to understand the P&L a bit better. Could you start by sharing the 
volume growth number for the quarter and specific growth numbers for Force 
NXT and Missy this time? 
Sashi Agarwal: Volume growth  for the quarter was 23.36%. Last quarter on a 
year-on-year basis, we had 3.35 Crores pieces and this time we have 4.13 
Crores pieces. That stands at overall basis. Now coming on to the Missy, Missy 
on a half year ended basis, we have done a business of INR37.84 Crores with an 
ASP of Rs.83.42 and if I have to look at the number of pieces which we are 
talking about here on a half-year basis would be 45 lakh pieces. Force NXT we 
have been a little slow as we have already highlighted by Mr. Gupta that we are 
working on organizing our distribution network and marketing methodology with 
Force NXT hence we have been a little slow here. For us the number here for 
Force NXT has been 12 Crores for the half-year ended with 11 lakhs pieces 
being sold. 
Himanshu Nayyar: At an ASP of Madam? 
Sashi Agarwal: That would be Rs.109. 
Himanshu Nayyar: So second thing, I believe, we have brought down our A&P 
spends significantly from last quarter which you had obviously guided for, so 
just wanted to have some outlook on that whether we will be in line with our 
budgeted number for FY2019 or should there be any changed plan  to that? 
Sashi Agarwal: Himanshu, there will not be any change in terms of my annual 
budget for the A&P is concerned, that would be at 86 Crores advertisement. So 
at times when we are incurring the expenditure there are certain quarters, 
which are more focused on, heavy as far as the advertisements are concerned. 
So Q1 and Q3 are the most advertisement heavy quarters for us. Q2 and Q4 are 
the lighter ones, but definitely the budget of 86 Crores still remains here for an 
annual basis. We will try and fit into that domain. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Next was on the working capital cycle where you have 
highlighted a decent improvements of 6 days and 10 days in inventory and 
debtors but creditors have reduced by 11 days, so that takes away most of the 
benefit that we saw. So what really has led to this reduction in creditor days 
Madam? 
Sashi Agarwal: The creditors because we were trying to work on to the cash 
discount getting from, if you will see the cotton cost of material consumed had 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
also come down for us, specific into this quarter. So we also try and get most of 
the benefits because of the higher pricesbeing the  in the market, so if we pay 
upfront we get a better discount, so precisely then the creditor days will also 
come down for us. 
Himanshu Nayyar: So net-net I think we do not see too much of an 
improvement at least for FY2019 if that is the case? 
Sashi Agarwal: I would say that this 10 days definitely we have to first of all 
the target is to try and maintain this 10 days where we have come down now 
and to further take it down by another five days. 
Himanshu Nayyar: That is the target and final question is based on the first 
half performance and whatever we have seen so far of the festive season, I 
mean, would you guys want to update your guidance both on revenue and 
profitability? 
Sashi Agarwal: I will still maintain my stand in terms of guidance is concerned 
that 15% EBITDA we are targeting by next two years and next five years we are 
definitely want to grow on an average CAGR of 15%. We still maintain that. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Great Madam. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shiv Kumar from 
Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shiv Kumar: Thank you for the opportunity. So you are saying that the 
improvement of about 10 days, which we got to see over the quarter in the 
working capital, was solely due to the distributor realignment that you have 
undertaken? 
Sashi Agarwal: Quite yes some of them is attributed to the distribution 
realignment which we have been talking about from the last quarter and some 
is definitely we are also ensuring in terms of restricting our sales to the 
distributors who are not paying us in time, so definitely I would say that yes we 
are working hard towards the channel distribution network to get everything in 
line. 
Shiv Kumar: Sashi can you share some more granular details as to what 
exactly is the realignment process that you have undertaken, what are the 
ranges, what are the number of distributors you are working with, and when 
you say you are going to have a more leaner structure going forward how are 
the distributors actually receiving that news from you because obviously you will 
end up and say that you are going to split the brands at the distributor levels 
obviously there will be some resistance from the whole timers, can you share 
more granular data about your experience so far in the north and southern 
regions? 
Sashi Agarwal: Southern very honestly its just kind of 7% to 8% contribution 
coming from southern part, so southern is not that bigger challenge, definitely 
northern which is the maximum contributing to our sales is quite better 
challenged. So supposingly if one of my distributors who is one of the and 
especially in Rajasthan very high end distributor dealing in all of my three four 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
brands that is Missy, Thermal, Bigboss, Force NXT very high turnover 
contributed by him when I say high none of my counter or distributors go 
beyond 2% of our sales, but then again that is one of the high selling 
distributor, so with him I had to literally again he did not have that kind of a 
working capital cycle into his books of accounts, he could not stand the entire 
turnover which he really is giving to the company because it could not be 
substantiated by his working capital cycle in the books of accounts. So it was 
difficult for us to really convince him that we need to break certain brands from 
him and then get a parallel distributor along with him so yes these are the 
challenges which you are talking about is very, very difficult to work on, but 
nonetheless it also forces them to understand the pain which the company is 
going through and they have to so the resort, which they have to get into is 
either they can get into the channel financing with the company or they get 
some kind of a finance facility from the banks or their other channels which 
would help them to get their working capital cycle up to the mark to this 
turnover else they have to loosethat kind of  share as the sales is is concerned. 
And furthermore is we also educate them in focusing and increasing their retail 
base. So once their sales team and their retail basis increase it also helps them 
to liquidate their existing stocks and get the money into their books. So this lot 
of other things, which you are trying to educate them certain things in terms of 
that when you are having your cash sales there are certain amount which GST 
also permits you where you can have those cash deposited stuff like that so 
educating them into terms of the statutory requirements are concerned, helping 
them increase their retail base is concerned, and also helping them to get the 
finances into their books of accounts is what we are working with them. 
Shiv Kumar: Realistically speaking if this project which you have kind of kick-
started in Q2 if that was to take off as along the planned lines by FY2019 what 
are the debtor days you are looking at from the current 100 days? 
Sashi Agarwal: This project did not kick start in Q2. This was the project we 
were working on from January. First we were working with only channel 
financing part. We were not very strict with them in terms of the sales were 
concerned, we were just educating them that they should get into channel 
financing mode which they did not accept. I would say January February 
onwards when we realised that the channel financing education is not working 
for them is then when we really started getting a little stricter with them in 
terms of realignment of the distributors and the brands are concerned. Precisely 
the reason Q1 went bad for us the results have started coming in from the Q2 
and we hope to get another five to seven days reduction in debtor days in the 
next two quarters. 
Shiv Kumar: But Sashi when you undertake such an exercise isn’t there a real 
threat out there that your competition might try to revive your best distributors 
sighting the stricter stand that you are taking and maybe you might lose some 
of your best performing distributors, arn’t you facing that kind of a risk on the 
ground? 
Sashi Agarwal: This is kind of risk that we will always see there Shiv, but 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
again, if we really look at the entire markets scenario, most of them are having 
the stricter terms,  for example  Page Industries, they are cash and carry, but 
even others when we talk about the competitors on the ground, apart barring 
one or two I would say most of them are very strict with their debtor days, this 
GST and demonetisation had compelled us to  loosen our debtor days are 
concerned, the terms of credit were concerned, but now I would say that 
barring one or two companies rest are getting in line in terms of realigning their 
debtors because this exercise has to be taken otherwise all of your sales will be 
sitting down into your debtors, most of your sales will be sitting down in the 
debtors. 
Shiv Kumar: Sashi now that Q2 has seen a strong revenue growth of 24% and 
we see that the festive season this year has extended into Q3 do you expect a 
similar bump up in revenues in Q3 or are you expecting a more tepid Q3? 
Sashi Agarwal: Shiv, I would say that Q3 is very, very winter dependent. The 
climatic conditions are depended because most of the sales of thermal happens 
in Q3. We have produced a lot of thermals and we have stocked them up and 
the expectation is that if we have a good winter the sales of thermals will go up, 
very, very dependent on the climatic conditions and unpredictable, so very 
difficult to make a comment on specific being on Q3 but overall I still maintain 
that a 15% CAGR is what we are looking at on a five year basis at the moment. 
Shiv Kumar: So for FY2019 you are working with a revenue growth of 15% 
with an EBITDA margin again at those levels, 15%, right? 
Sashi Agarwal: 15% we are seeing to be coming to us in the next two years, 
not immediately in this 2019. 
Shiv Kumar: But this quarter has been good in terms of EBITDA margin 15%? 
Sashi Agarwal: Yes, absolutely. See I completely understand that seeing at 
15% we expect it to be maintained there, but lot of expenses unforeseen and at 
times like we are doing a lot of activities in mergers and acquisition trying to 
work on to them, a lot of expenditures which we do not account for or budget 
for might come in, so I would still maintain that 13.5% to 14% is what we are 
looking at currently, but if we get better one definitely. I would not promise a 
15% this fiscal. If we get it, it is very good, but 14% is our target right now. 
Shiv Kumar: Can you share the progress of Pepe Jeans JV? 
Sashi Agarwal: Sure, we have already started the production of Pepe Jeans. 
The product has been launched in Southern India. That is Hyderabad, Chennai 
and Bengaluru. Now the plan is to penetrate the entire Southern India. We have 
the products available on the trade channels and the Pepe stores four or five 
Pepe stores in those cities, which we have been speaking about. Gradually all 
the other Pepe stores would be covered there. The plan is to again to set 
ourselves into the central stores to start with, you will find the Pepe jeans 
products inner wear and the athleisure  product there. Online platform again we 
are working on, very soon we will be there on the online platforms as well. All in 
all we have launched 37 product style that is in mens innerwear and mens 
athleisure, so once we covered the southern part then we plan to roll it out in 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
western India, though the plan was to start these rollouts in July, which has 
come down to October it has been delayed, but nonetheless we just running a 
quarter short, so definitely my revenue has to be adjusted accordingly for this 
fiscal end. 
Shiv Kumar: How are exports this quarter? 
Sashi Agarwal: Exports are slightly down, this quarter we have achieved 
around about 7% approximately I would say exports as compared to 9% which 
we usually do on a yearly basis, hopefully we should see some growth 
happening in the third and the fourth quarter in exports. 
Shiv Kumar: Sashi, I missed the volume growth, which you are giving segment 
wise, overall what would be the volume growth this quarter? 
Sashi Agarwal: So what I will do is I will share the, year to date numbers in 
volume is concerned. Bigboss it has been more or less standard there hasn’t 
been a much of in volume growth here. Champion  it was a little of a degrowth 
because the total brand itself as we have told that we have not been focusing 
on it that is into our radar, we need to start working on the child’s brand as 
well, so there has been some degrowth in terms of the volume is concerned. 
Force Gowear in  volume terms we had 100% growth there. Force NXT a slight 
kind of a degrowth may be around about 5% degrowth in terms of the volume is 
concerned because of our readjusting the entire marketing strategy for the 
brand, so slight 5% degrowth there. Missy, there has been a 20% growth, 
Regular we have really economy range of branded, we have really seen a good 
jump in terms of the volume is concerned 12% growth there. Socks we have 
some 40% growth and in Thermals definitely since it is an nonseasonal stuff, if 
you compare this year we have a slight degrowth, because most of sales would 
start happening in October itself. 
Shiv Kumar: Sashi what is the second brand you shared after Bigboss? 
Sashi Agarwal: Champion that is a kid’s brand. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Pratim Roy from Stewart & 
Mackertich. Please go ahead. 
Pratim Roy: Happy Diwali and congratulation for the good set of number. 
Madam I have just two to three questions that how much you have already 
spent on A&P expenses, out of your 86 Crores estimate for this year? 
Sashi Agarwal: We have already spent Rs.52 Crores out of Rs.86 Crores for 
the half-year. 
Pratim Roy: How much Madam sorry? 
Sashi Agarwal: Rs.52 Crores for half-year ended September 30, 2018. 
Pratim Roy: My next question is that Madam, October is done and November is 
almost  and a half, so what is the expectation on the winter products, what is 
the response in currently going into the market, so if you can give some light on 
that? 
Sashi Agarwal: Primary sales would definitely be there in October and 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
November because people have to fill in their shelves, we will also pass into the 
retailers, but actual would only come, the repeat orders would only come when 
these secondary sales are taking off and secondary sales would not take off 
before end of November and that is only when we come to know by end of the 
quarter that how the entire sales for thermal stands, it is too early for us to say 
because for us right now it has been kind of an business as usual in terms of 
thermals are concerned because October, November the primary filling starts 
happening and they take the first slot. The second repeat order which we really 
depend on and we say the good sales has happened, which does not happen 
before November end. 
Pratim Roy: Then next question is Madam, if you consider the year-on-year 
corresponding quarter the other expenses has gone up significantly almost 
22%, standard Rs.45 Crores somewhere around, so what is the basic reason 
behind that if you can explain? 
Sashi Agarwal: Talking about the quarter or you talking about? 
Pratim Roy: Year-on-year first time quarter last quarter to this quarter? 
Sashi Agarwal: So other expenses 18% reduction, so you are taking the 
subcontracting charges and manufacturing everything etc., there. So my 
subcontracting charges have increased a little there, on a quarterly basis, 
because in this particular quarter Thermals were little much more we have 
produced a little more stock in terms of the Thermals are concerned as 
compared to the last quarter on year-to-year basis, so my subcontracting 
charges for this particular quarter is little high and that is precisely may be the 
reason why you are having that increase in the numbers. 
Pratim Roy: Okay, Madam and just last question, if you can explain what is the 
strategy that you are taking place to build your Force NXT brand in the next 
level, so that by 2020 that can give you ample amount of boost in your revenue 
as well as bottomline because that brand is the main focus because that brand 
contributes higher EBITDA margin also, so if you can throw some light on the 
strategy for the Force NXT in the coming two years and Missy also? 
Sashi Agarwal: Definitely I will speak about Force NXT and Missy both, so 
Force NXT if you really look we have been facing as a premium brand all this 
while and most of them we were trying to make them available at a premium  
MBOs retail point, having some outlets in the large format store, relying on the 
online platform etc. So basically not much of a focus was given at the very trade 
channels as well so we were trying to play position  in the premium brand. So it 
really takes time, because the Force NXT, we are treating this as a Dollar brand, 
we are keeping it separate. So people are not aware that where the brand is 
coming from, so that particular visibility to the consumer connect etc., we need 
to give and precisely the reason we are starting with kiosk model with Force 
NXT brand which you will see in the center of the mall most of the majors, to 
start with we are going five kiosks from December or January onwards. So 
gradually we will increase those numbers. This will create an consumer connect 
visibility and branding for Force NXT and side-by-side we will then started to 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
spread it across pan India, because currently we are not present pan India 
especially the western part is completely untapped for us as far as Force NXT is 
concerned and in these two years, we are trying to build as much the consumer 
connect visibility and branding is concerned for the Force NXT, but in the 
parallelly we are going to work with the distributors to ensure that the reach to 
the retailers at the MBO level is also increased. 
Pratim Roy: And Madam how about Missy? 
Sashi Agarwal: Missy similarkind, so Missy we are very much on track I would 
say 30%, 33% growth we are seeing on an average for brand Missy. Here the 
strategy is more about getting into expanding the product lines, so lingerie I 
have been talking about all this while that we need to expand, we need to get 
something there though the work has been carried out in-house in terms of 
designing and getting the right product, but our focus is moreon  getting 
something inorganically in terms of brazier and the lingerie section is concerned 
that we are extensively working on, but unfortunately we have not been able to 
crack anything or share some news with the market that something has 
materialized, but nonetheless the company is very much focused looking at 
what possibly can be done in terms of the M&A is concerned. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Prerna Jhunjhunwala from 
B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Thank you for the opportunity. Good set of results 
Madam. I just like to understand the revenue growth in terms of your base 
quarter, so last year Q2 was bad quarter because of GST implementation so if 
you want to look at the real growth and segregate into the base effect as well 
how should we look at the results? 
Sashi Agarwal: Agreed Prerna  that yes last quarter on a year-to-year 
comparison if you really look on, it has been comparatively lower because of the 
GST implementation so lot of hurdles people was not very sure how to react to 
this and currently as I would rather say that lower base is definitely 
contributing, but definitely I would say that because even in the June 30 quarter 
if you look at 2018, the first quarter of this particular year, we were actually 
holding back our sales, we did not have much of a growth, the numbers of kind 
of little muted, the growth was muted, so what are the sales we are withholding 
from our debtors in terms of the distribution channels, trying to re-align our 
debtor days etc., that has actually held us here as well and overall I would say 
the market has been picking up if you will look at the entire consumer segment. 
People have been picking up in terms of the economy bouncing back towards 
normalcy and we expect that this growth should accrue to us going forward as 
well. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Madam, what re the factors that we are actually 
looking at when we track this consumer behavior whether they are actually 
better, do we look at on a month-on-month basis, like this month is better than 
last month or we actually see it on a year-on-year basis to understand okay in 
this period last year was bad, this time it is good and all that. I would like to 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
understand how do you segregate that? 
Sashi Agarwal: For us you know in the hosiery  segment we have specifics of 
quarter so it is very difficult to compare quarter-on-quarter for this simple 
reason because Q4 is always the best quarter for us, again Q3 is very, very 
dependent on with climatic conditions, thermal sales are more there, Q2 has its 
own challenge in terms of, generally the Q2s are not that good. Q1 is better 
than the most of them so it becomes like quarter-on-quarter comparison 
definitely is not the right way for us to look at rather than year-on-year 
quarterly comparison is better for us to look at that is how we always do. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Okay, and in terms of profitability you have done 
around 15% margins that largely because of other expenses being lower, on an 
annual basis what should we look at in terms of your profitability for the year or 
something like that that? 
Sashi Agarwal: Around 14% Prerna. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Around 14%. Thank you Madam. I will get back to you 
on further questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Andrey Purushottam from 
Cogito Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Andrey Purushottam: Thank you and congratulations for a good set of 
numbers. I just want to first ask a few basic questions why has there been 
increase in inventory and if you could share with us what percentage of amount 
of your receivables are more than six months old? 
Sashi Agarwal: Inventory definitely in absolute values we look at, but there 
has been increase because of standing at Rs.310 Crores, but if I have to 
breakdown my inventory in totality into raw material and finished goods, the 
percentage would be 40% would be raw material, 60% with finished goods. For 
the last two, three quarters, my raw material was running at a lot high that was 
ranging from 50% to 45% in last few couple of quarters. 
Andrey Purushottam: What was running high at 50%? 
Sashi Agarwal: Raw material inventory. 
Andrey Purushottam: Okay. 
Sashi Agarwal: It got down to 40% of my total inventory now. 
Andrey Purushottam: Right. 
Sashi Agarwal: Finished good, you could see which is at 60% is mostly 
because we have to stock up the thermals, this is the season as I also just said 
sometime back that this time we have produced more of thermals by the end of 
September rather than pushing it for October, so that is the reason we have 
high inventory of thermals stocked up to be sent it to the market from October 
going forward. 
Andrey Purushottam: Okay could you tell me about the receivables? 
Sashi Agarwal: Receivable I would say more than six months still would be 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
some numbers here, I do not have currently the breakup may be I can get one 
to one to you on this breakup is concerned, it is not having breakup right now 
and definitely there is some amount of more than six months, small some 
amount is there, I need to checkup  and give you exact number. 
Andrey Purushottam: Okay in terms of gross margin how has the increased 
given the fact that cotton price have been also on the ups could it give some 
light us through how have your gross margin increased and whether this gross 
margin increase is sustainable over the next few quarters? 
Sashi Agarwal: Couple of reasons, which has attributed to increase in gross 
margins one of them has increase in ASP. I have an ASP increase of 8% as 
compared to the last half year ended 2018 so my ASP overall at the company 
level stood at Rs.49.5 for H1 2018 and H1 2019 I was stand at Rs.53.32, two, 
three reasons which is contributing that we are getting into the increasing my 
product ranges, product prices, which are attributing to the higher price rate 
and whatever increase cotton price had been there we had taken the impact 
simultaneously with increase in our products as well. So any increase or impact 
in terms of my cotton prices are concerned, they are always mitigated by 
increasing the product prices simultaneously number one.No. 2 we trying to 
rationalize as I told you raw material inventory has come down from 50% to 
45% of my total inventory, so if I am getting down my inventory my gross 
margin would definitely get impacted. 
Andrey Purushottam: Yes I was asking about the reason for increasing in 
gross margins and you are shared with us that one reason is increased in ASP 
by about 8%, increase in the product range and ability to pass on increasing in 
cotton prices to the consumer, you were elaborating on your some other 
reason? 
Sashi Agarwal: One more is that we have actually started rationalized taking 
raw material stocking of the raw material is concerned that is one of the reasons 
again, 40% of my total inventory contributes my raw material and we have lot 
of cotton and yarn in December, March and June quarters because of the 
increase and we have depicted as increased in prices, which we will be talking 
about last in the previous call as well so those benefit have accrued to us in 
totality. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jagwani 
from SKS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jagwani: I just want your thoughts on inorganic expansion I think on 
previous question and have spoken about something in the western market is 
that right? 
Sashi Agarwal: Yes that is correct. We had gone ahead lot of discussion around 
it 60% to 70% moved ahead, but after a point of time we did not find some 
merit in that transaction, so we have stopped looking at the time. 
Rahul Jagwani: Okay and which segment was that any specific? 
Sashi Agarwal: It would not be right for me to comment in the call right now. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
Rahul Jagwani: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar 
from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kumar: Thanks for taking my question. This is related to the volume 
for the quarter, can you help us what is the volume in the quarter and how is it. 
My question is related to volume for the quarter so if you can help us with that 
number and the growth? 
Sashi Agarwal: Volume we have done 4 Crores pieces in this particular quarter 
as compared to 3 Crores pieces into the previous quarter year-on-year basis. 
Pankaj Kumar: Okay and which segment grew faster in the quarter specifically 
to the quarter? 
Sashi Agarwal: In terms of volume? 
Pankaj Kumar: Volume, yes. 
Sashi Agarwal: Volume definitely Missy, economy segment has grown faster. 
Overall if I have to look at six months basis I really got a very good jump in 
terms of 19% to 20% in terms of my economy segment . So a very good 
growth contributed by Missy, my economy range of products, Big Boss, 
definitely these really helped me grow fast. 
Pankaj Kumar: Madam, looking at the quarterly performance are you still 
maintaining at 12% revenue guidance for the full year or it will be a little 
higher? 
Sashi Agarwal: I will maintain that 15% on a five-year basis, so it might so 
happen that we do 13% or 14% definitely would want to achieve the 15% 
target, which we have been conducive. I would still maintain a kind of a lower 
guidance and then outperform that rather than give a high expectation. 
Pankaj Kumar: Thank you Madam. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Pritam Roy from Stewart & 
Mackertich. Please go ahead. 
Pritam Roy: Thank you for the opportunity again. I just am having one 
question what is the brand name of the product  that you are going to launch 
under the Pepe Jeans and Dollar joint venture to maintain the brand name. 
What is the brand name? 
Sashi Agarwal: It is under the brand name Pepe Jeans itself. We do not have 
Dollar as a brand anywhere in that particular product. This joint venture is 
essentially about promoting Pepe Jeans product in the market, but the 
company, which is formed, which is doing the entire job of this particular selling 
and distribution of the particular product is the joint venture between Pepe 
Jeans Europe and Dollar Industry. 
Pritam Roy: The product is in Pepe. 
Sashi Agarwal: Products are sold in the Pepe Jeans brand. 
Pritam Roy: Thank you. Best of luck for the quarter. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Harsh Thakkar from Anand 
Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Thakkar: Thank you for the opportunity. May I know the capex number 
for H1 FY2019 and your target for year end FY2020? 
Sashi Agarwal: It is round about 7 Crores is what we have I would say capital 
work-in-progress is there for the half-year ended 2018 and not more than 
another 2 or 3 Crores should go in there. 
Harsh Thakkar: What is the average interest cost? 
Sashi Agarwal:  8.5% 
Baidik Sarkar: Thank you. I was asking about the average interest cost and 
debt level you are targeting for FY2019-2020? 
Sashi Agarwal: Average interest cost is 8.5% approximately I would say and 
debt we would target at 150 Crores of whatever working capital, which we are 
hovering around, we, should be around that only. That is what we are looking at 
and some long-term debts which is around another 40 Crores should be there, 
maybe just, you can take 150 Crores to 200 Crores as my total debt. 
Harsh Thakkar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Andrey 
Purushottam from Cogito Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Andrey Purushottam: Just a followup question. On this initiative that you are 
taking with your consultant to streamline supply chain and distribution chain, I 
got some idea of what you meant by you basically have tried to increase the 
retail base, you have tried to assess the working capital capability of your 
distributors and realign them to educate them on statutory requirements and 
also working on the finances being in the books so far. Now what else have you 
done and could you give us some idea as to if you say the increase is retail 
base, by how much the retail base has been done. Can you give some granular 
steps suppose to have actually done in the distribution channel? 
Sashi Agarwal: Just to correct, one thing here that we have not yet started 
working with the consultant. It is about to happen in may be this would start in 
the next quarter I would say. We are working in terms of I think at a very 
granule level, discussing with them, sudden  changes which they are expecting 
the business to make, operational challenges for example, I would say they 
would want us to generally dispatch in terms of the boxes of a particular pack 
size, which is passed on to the distributors, they might want to break that 
parcel size. Which we have as an operational,which we find it challenging to do 
that. So these are certain miniscule levels of discussion we are engaging with 
the consultants at the moment, so once we get in we shake hands, there are 
complete consent and in terms of if you are on the same page to take the entire 
operation forward, but at the company level we have as we discussed we have 
taken certain initiatives in terms of helping our distributors to streamline, so one 
small example is that we have already introduced DML provided tab to the 
salesmen who take the orders on to the tab which is again directed across to 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
the distributor, to the company at the same time we understand what is their 
inventory level, so these are the small, small steps which we are trying to take 
with them to understand what is there at the secondary level, trying to 
understand the secondary retail channel. That is the step which the company is 
taking, which would be more accurate and would be kind of worked upon 
extensively once we shake hands with the consultants. 
Andrey Purushottam: So, why has it been taking so long Madam because we 
have been talking about this consultant being working and I think there has 
been a fair amount of delay and my other concern would be that if the 
consultants really stop working from next quarter there could be a lot of 
disruption in the distribution chain, right because whenever you are affecting a 
change, so are we seeing that something that we thought would be two or three 
quarter long could be six quarter long in terms of adjustment? 
Sashi Agarwal: There would not be major challenges in terms of when we 
engage with them, so the concern, which you are coming from I can understand 
when you are eliminating super stockists or may be a third level, generally the 
companies which they have worked upon they have distributor and a super 
stockist or maybe a wholesale channel and then the retail channel, but in our 
case, we do not have a three layer. We just have two layers. So we are not 
eliminating any of the layers into our system. So these kind of an extensive 
talks we have already got into them. We have engaged with them because we 
have heard these kinds of concerns coming in from the people who are already 
engaged with those companies. So we wanted to be very, very sure that we are 
at least are on the very same page in terms of the understanding is there, how 
their working will go, so that is one of the reasons which is taking us so much 
time for us to engage with them right now. So after ensuring that at an 
operational level, I have understood each other, we have understood the 
strategy, the way ahead plans, we will take it forward that is when we are going 
to shake hands, not before that. What is that we have done now and we see 
that yes we are in consensus, we understand each other, it should happen 
shortly. 
Andrey Purushottam: Yes Madam, just because you are not eliminating your 
levels in the distribution chains does not mean that you should underestimate 
the amount of disruption that may be necessary in order to shake up the supply 
system and streamline it according to what you really want to do, so should we 
anticipate some degree of disruption for the next six months or quarters is the 
question? 
Sashi Agarwal: It could be very early for me to comment right now because 
we have according to them they are saying they would not see any disruption 
because what is the extra stock that would be there at the distributor level 
would be distributed to the increase base. For them there would not be any 
decrease in sales according to them. To your point which you are coming from 
that because your supply would be limited, you will have a certain number of 
days of supply will be made etc., so I understand your concern, but after 
discussions what they have assured us as of now that we should not expect any 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
disruption, but to ensure that we are on the very same page we would run a 
test pilot in the two of their territories which we have identified and that would 
give us results whether we should be expecting those disruptions or not. Only 
once we have entered the pilot phase, tested, tried and seen the results, is that 
I will be able to comment at what disruptions should we expect or not at all. 
Andrey Purushottam: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The last question is from the line of Prerna 
Jhunjhunwala from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Thank you for the opportunity. It is a followup question 
from an earlier participant who asked for other expenses. Other expenses 
excluding subcontracting expenses and also increase this year to 45 Crores from 
36 Crores last year and in Q1 there was the other expense was 56 Crores, is 
this volatility largely because of ad expenses or there would be some other 
element as well? 
Sashi Agarwal: This is majorly expenses VR expenses going up, because if you 
see in the first quarter we had already incurred an expenditure of around 30 
Crores in terms of advertisements are concerned whereas for this particular 
quarter we have only 20 Crores. As compared to about 42 Crores of expenditure 
half-year ended last year. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: So, there is no other element in this volatility? 
Sashi Agarwal: No. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Thank you Madam. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
their closing comments. Over to you Madam! 
Shashi Agarwal: I thank you all for joining the call. It was really a pleasure 
discussing the points and answering your questions. Thank you so much. Have a 
great day. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Edelweiss Securities that concludes this conference call for today. Thank you all 
for joining with us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
DISCLAIMER 
Edelweiss Securities Limited (“ESL” or “Research Entity”) is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and is 
licensed to carry on the business of broking, depository services and related activities. The business of ESL and its Associates (list 
available on www.edelweissfin.com) are organized around five broad business groups – Credit including Housing and SME Finance, 
Commodities, Financial Markets, Asset Management and Life Insurance.  
This Report has been prepared by Edelweiss Securities Limited in the capacity of a Research Analyst having SEBI Registration 
No.INH200000121 and distributed as per SEBI (Research Analysts) Regulations 2014. This report does not constitute an offer or solicitation 
for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. Securities as defined in clause (h) of 
section 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 includes Financial Instruments and Currency Derivatives. The information 
contained herein is from publicly available data or other sources believed to be reliable. This report is provided for assistance only and is not 
intended to be and must not alone be taken as the basis for an investment decision. The user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this 
information. Each recipient of this report should make such investigation as it deems necessary to arrive at an independent evaluation of an 
investment in Securities referred to in this document (including the merits and risks involved), and should consult his own advisors to 
determine the merits and risks of such investment. The investment discussed or views expressed may not be suitable for all investors.  
This information is strictly confidential and is being furnished to you solely for your information. This information should not be reproduced 
or redistributed or passed on directly or indirectly in any form to any other person or published, copied, in whole or in part, for any purpose. 
This report is not directed or intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any 
locality, state, country or other jurisdiction, where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law, regulation or 
which would subject ESL and associates / group companies to any registration or licensing requirements within such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this report in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and persons in whose possession this report comes, should 
observe, any such restrictions. The information given in this report is as of the date of this report and there can be no assurance that future 
results or events will be consistent with this information. This information is subject to change without any prior notice. ESL reserves the 
right to make modifications and alterations to this statement as may be required from time to time. ESL or any of its associates / group 
companies shall not be in any way responsible for any loss or damage that may arise to any person from any inadvertent error in the 
information contained in this report. ESL is committed to providing independent and transparent recommendation to its clients. Neither ESL 
nor any of its associates, group companies, directors, employees, agents or representatives shall be liable for any damages whether direct, 
indirect, special or consequential including loss of revenue or lost profits that may arise from or in connection with the use of the 
information. Our proprietary trading and investment businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the 
recommendations expressed herein. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance .The disclosures of interest 
statements incorporated in this report are provided solely to enhance the transparency and should not be treated as endorsement of the 
views expressed in the report. The information provided in these reports remains, unless otherwise stated, the copyright of ESL. All layout, 
design, original artwork, concepts and other Intellectual Properties, remains the property and copyright of ESL and may not be used in any 
form or for any purpose whatsoever by any party without the express written permission of the copyright holders.  
ESL shall not be liable for any delay or any other interruption which may occur in presenting the data due to any reason including 
network (Internet) reasons or snags in the system, break down of the system or any other equipment, server breakdown, maintenance 
shutdown, breakdown of communication services or inability of the ESL to present the data. In no event shall ESL be liable for any 
damages, including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in 
connection with the data presented by the ESL through this report. 
We offer our research services to clients as well as our prospects. Though this report is disseminated to all the customers simultaneously, not 
all customers may receive this report at the same time. We will not treat recipients as customers by virtue of their receiving this report.  
ESL and its associates, officer, directors, and employees, research analyst (including relatives) worldwide may: (a) from time to time, have 
long or short positions in, and buy or sell the Securities, mentioned herein or (b) be engaged in any other transaction involving such 
Securities and earn brokerage or other compensation or act as a market maker in the financial instruments of the subject 
company/company(ies) discussed herein or act as advisor or lender/borrower to such company(ies) or have other potential/material 
conflict of interest with respect to any recommendation and related information and opinions at the time of publication of research 
report or at the time of public appearance. ESL may have proprietary long/short position in the above mentioned scrip(s) and therefore 
should be considered as interested. The views provided herein are general in nature and do not consider risk appetite or investment 
objective of any particular investor; readers are requested to take independent professional advice before investing. This should not be 
construed as invitation or solicitation to do business with ESL. 
 
Aditya Narain, Head of Research, aditya.narain@edelweissfin.com 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
ESL or its associates may have received compensation from the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates may have 
managed or co-managed public offering of securities for the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates may have 
received compensation for investment banking or merchant banking or brokerage services from the subject company in the past 12 
months. ESL or its associates may have received any compensation for products or services other than investment banking or merchant 
banking or brokerage services from the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates have not received any compensation 
or other benefits from the Subject Company or third party in connection with the research report. Research analyst or his/her relative or 
ESL’s associates may have financial interest in the subject company. ESL and/or its Group Companies, their Directors, affiliates and/or 
employees may have interests/ positions, financial or otherwise in the Securities/Currencies and other investment products mentioned in 
this report. ESL, its associates, research analyst and his/her relative may have other potential/material conflict of interest with respect to 
any recommendation and related information and opinions at the time of publication of research report or at the time of public 
appearance.  
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i) exchange rates can 
be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market factors, including world 
and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) 
currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. 
Investors in securities such as ADRs and Currency Derivatives, whose values are affected by the currency of an underlying security, 
effectively assume currency risk. 
Research analyst has served as an officer, director or employee of subject Company: No 
ESL has financial interest in the subject companies: No 
ESL’s Associates may have actual / beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the month 
immediately preceding the date of publication of research report. 
Research analyst or his/her relative has actual/beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the 
month immediately preceding the date of publication of research report: No 
ESL has actual/beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the month immediately preceding the 
date of publication of research report: No 
Subject company may have been client during twelve months preceding the date of distribution of the research report. 
There were no instances of non-compliance by ESL on any matter related to the capital markets, resulting in significant and material 
disciplinary action during the last three years except that ESL had submitted an offer of settlement with Securities and Exchange 
commission, USA (SEC) and the same has been accepted by SEC without admitting or denying the findings in relation to their charges of 
non registration as a broker dealer. 
A graph of daily closing prices of the securities is also available at www.nseindia.com 
Analyst Certification: 
The analyst for this report certifies that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect his or her personal views about the 
subject company or companies and its or their securities, and no part of his or her compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly 
related to specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.  
Additional Disclaimers 
Disclaimer for U.S. Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited, which is the employer of the research analyst(s) who has prepared the 
research report. The research analyst(s) preparing the research report is/are resident outside the United States (U.S.) and are not 
associated persons of any U.S. regulated broker-dealer and therefore the analyst(s) is/are not subject to supervision by a U.S. broker-
dealer, and is/are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of FINRA or required to otherwise comply with U.S. rules 
or regulations regarding, among other things, communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by 
a research analyst account. 
This report is intended for distribution by Edelweiss Securities Limited only to "Major Institutional Investors" as defined by Rule 15a-
6(b)(4) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act, 1934 (the Exchange Act) and interpretations thereof by U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) in reliance on Rule 15a 6(a)(2). If the recipient of this report is not a Major Institutional Investor as specified above, 
then it should not act upon this report and return the same to the sender. Further, this report may not be copied, duplicated and/or 
transmitted onward to any U.S. person, which is not the Major Institutional Investor. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Dollar Industries 
Q2FY19 Results November 12, 2018 | Conference Call 
 
In reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the Exchange Act and interpretations thereof by the SEC in 
order to conduct certain business with Major Institutional Investors, Edelweiss Securities Limited has entered into an agreement with a 
U.S. registered broker-dealer, Edelweiss Financial Services Inc. ("EFSI"). Transactions in securities discussed in this research report should 
be effected through Edelweiss Financial Services Inc. 
 
Disclaimer for U.K. Persons 
The contents of this research report have not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA").  
 
In the United Kingdom, this research report is being distributed only to and is directed only at (a) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); (b) 
persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (including high net worth companies and unincorporated associations); and (c) 
any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant 
persons”). 
 
This research report must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to 
which this research report relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who 
is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this research report or any of its contents. This research report must not be distributed, 
published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other person.  
 
Disclaimer for Canadian Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited ("ESL"), which is the employer of the research analysts who have 
prepared the research report.  The research analysts preparing the research report are resident outside the Canada and are not 
associated persons of any Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer and, therefore, the analysts are not subject to supervision by a 
Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer, and are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of the Ontario Securities 
Commission, other Canadian provincial securities regulators, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and are not 
required to otherwise comply with Canadian rules or regulations regarding, among other things, the research analysts' business or 
relationship with a subject company or trading of securities by a research analyst. 
 
This report is intended for distribution by ESL only to "Permitted Clients" (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 ("NI 31-103")) who 
are resident in the Province of Ontario, Canada (an "Ontario Permitted Client").  If the recipient of this report is not an Ontario Permitted 
Client, as specified above, then the recipient should not act upon this report and should return the report to the sender.  Further, this 
report may not be copied, duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any Canadian person. 
 
ESL is relying on an exemption from the adviser and/or dealer registration requirements under NI 31-103 available to certain 
international advisers and/or dealers.  Please be advised that (i) ESL is not registered in the Province of Ontario to trade in securities nor 
is it registered in the Province of Ontario to provide advice with respect to securities; (ii) ESL's head office or principal place of business is 
located in India; (iii) all or substantially all of ESL's assets may be situated outside of Canada; (iv) there may be difficulty enforcing legal 
rights against ESL because of the above; and (v) the name and address of the ESL's agent for service of process in the Province of Ontario 
is: Bamac Services Inc., 181 Bay Street, Suite 2100, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3 Canada. 
 
Disclaimer for Singapore Persons 
In Singapore, this report is being distributed by Edelweiss Investment Advisors Private Limited ("EIAPL") (Co. Reg. No. 201016306H) which 
is a holder of a capital markets services license and an exempt financial adviser in Singapore and (ii) solely to persons who qualify as 
"institutional investors" or "accredited investors" as defined in section 4A(1) of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
("the SFA"). Pursuant to regulations 33, 34, 35 and 36 of the Financial Advisers Regulations ("FAR"), sections 25, 27 and 36 of the 
Financial Advisers Act, Chapter 110 of Singapore shall not apply to EIAPL when providing any financial advisory services to an accredited 
investor (as defined in regulation 36 of the FAR. Persons in Singapore should contact EIAPL in respect of any matter arising from, or in 
connection with this publication/communication. This report is not suitable for private investors. 
Copyright 2009 Edelweiss Research (Edelweiss Securities Ltd). All rights reserved 
