)
-" :\. '/
'Ii<J3AN SWARA
I !
Date: 3'" December, 2018
To,
Department of Corporate Services,
BSE Ltd.,
25t h Floor, P.l. To wers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai 400 001
Scrip Code: 503722
Dear Sir,
To,
The Manager,
National Stock Exchange of I ndia Ltd.
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Symbol" BANSWRAS"
Subject: Transcript of Q2 FY19 Earnings Conference Call held on 15'1. November, 2018.
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requiremen ts)
Regulations, 2015, Kindly find enclosed a transcript of the Q2 FY19 Earnings Conference
Call held on Thursday at 15th November, 2018. The same is also available on the website
of the Company i.e. www.banswarasyntex.com.
Please take the same on record.
Thanking You,
Yours Faithfully
FO;;~::PNTEXLIMt~~
/{ v-:~ -.
~~r:::~~
(H.P. KHARWAL)
. ~,.::..9P '
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER
End: a/a
U I\ ~ S\\P I\ R . \ S' ~T I: :\' I.D 1JH·:n
O JIII'OIl ,nT f1f 11(1-:
;.11\ l't.... I. f ;('1,.,1 R h,l\ ~..lII. I!lq. 1'1\n' l'~ ' Sir,, \,!, :-'hlll~lo.ll
,1'.Il) l!lI:!
1.-': I~) Z! tol;' ~ ;Ii :;; I 7r; Ih",, ; .!I I ~ ~:!i)f; I Ifill
..
bn.' ll
lnl'-'(" b .. \I~~\·'1: .1 1ol !)fk-"Xt'f'1
1{I I;lSTI.ttl:n Orrll:t.:r..MIL l S
1{1Io1" , ,, i'll '\1.-.1. j).,I\-l"lll....,I. I{,J' i' ...."''1. t'[';' elll i (Itoll·"ll,.".)
ld : .;tI 2:1"~
:H(\j , ~ ~ ~
'.11, 237ti7lJ. - 111
f lll.ltl
111l.'t!'!Mn,>wolr:d,tOrlo. (ill ll

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Banswara Syntex Limited Q2 FY19 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVINDRA TOSHNIWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. J.K. JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MODERATORS: SGA FINANCIAL SERVICES – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
ADVISORS 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Banswara Syntex Limited Q2 FY19 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ravindra Toshniwal – MD of Banswara Syntex Limited. Thank you 
and over to you sir.  
Ravindra Toshniwal:  
Thank you very much. Good afternoon to you ladies & gentlemen and a warm welcome to our 
Q2 & H1 FY19 earnings call for Banswara Syntex Limited. Along with me on this call I have 
Mr. J.K. Jain – our CFO; and SGA, our investor relations advisors.  
Let me take you through the industry performance before commenting on our performance. 
The domestic market remains challenged due to multiple factors, mainly the two major factors 
have not yet been overcome which is the demonetization impact as well as the whole GST 
impact on textiles in particular. And the market conditions are expected to remain tough for a 
few months. There was a little improvement but has not sustained. We expect the domestic 
market will take some time to settle down.  
Being the election-year, we expect certain concerns in terms of the labor availability. Overall 
margin pressure has been witnessed across both the unorganized and organized players due to 
increases in the raw material cost, employee cost and intense competition from neighboring 
countries in the global market. Global fabric market has also been slower due to the headwinds 
of the trade war and slowdown in the Turkish economy. However, the depreciation of the 
rupee has been a bailout which has help us and in fact benefit exporters to some extent 
depending upon its pricing with customers. 
Now about the company performance; In the quarter, Banswara Syntex is trying its best and 
has been able to achieve 20% in the top-line, despite multiple challenges. In H1FY19, 
production of yarn and ready-made garments has increased substantially. The production of 
fabric reduced mainly due to a slowdown in orders from the export market. Our export 
business for the quarter has inched lower to 43% as the rupee benefits were limited. Our 
garment division is accelerating. Company has to invest much more in keeping SKUs with 
lesser quantity in India as compared to the rest of the world. Hence, our future strategy will be 
enhance export performance and to outperform the domestic market. The funds involvement 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
are also better with less SKUs and that enhances our productivity as well. Towards this 
objective, with our SAP having now been started, we are working towards building an 
increasing the proportion of business with our A-list customers with fewer articles for fewer 
customers. We have significantly set our objectives to increase the proportion of our business 
with A-list customers giving fewer products in larger volumes to fewer customers. 60% to 
65% of our business is from fabric and garment and 35% to 40% of our business in yarn. We 
will focus on the fabric and garment segments and will be using our yarn capacity more and 
more for captive purposes. We do hope this will expand the margins that elevate us.  
We are delivering a European-style product made in India with speed, accuracy, quality and 
prices better than Turkey. We are competing with the Turkish and recently their devaluation 
have been more competitive and that has been a bit of a challenge. We have full-time designers 
in France and in the US to make our products differentiated and fashionable. Our perception 
among our clients is very good and with the changing fashions that we are presenting different 
fabrics, styles, patterns and for that, we had a large SKU which we are now rationalizing. We 
are working on multiple strategies to reduce our cost, increased an operational efficiency and 
improve our margin. We have been constantly strategizing to counter the challenges and hope 
to be able to deliver better performance in the coming quarters.  
Now I would like to hand over the line over to Mr. J.K. Jain to update you on the financial 
performance of the company. 
J.K. Jain: 
Thanks, Mr. Toshniwal. Good afternoon everyone. The Q2 working results are already with 
you. I will just take you through the major highlights; net revenue for the Q2 FY19 stood at 
376 crores as against 318 crores in the Q2 FY18 and Rs. 302 crores in the immediately 
preceding quarter that is Q1. During this Q2 yarn represented 44% in the total sales, fabric 
31% and garment 22%. The net revenue for the first half in the current financial year at Rs. 
678 crores against Rs. 624 crores in the H1FY18, it means it is also increased by about 10%. 
Yarn contributed 41%, fabric 37%, garment 20% in the top-line.  
Profit before interest, depreciation and tax (PBIDT) including the other income but excluding 
the other comprehensive income for the H1FY19 stood at Rs. 64.9 crores against Rs. 64 crores 
in H1FY18. The Margin stood at 9.6% during H1FY19 against 10.3% in H1FY18. Other 
comprehensive income excluded from (PBIDT) profit before interest, depreciation and tax as 
accrued gratuity is not due today and as per Ind-AS, they are included in other comprehensive 
income.  
Q2FY19 profitability has improved because of reduction in overheads like repairs and 
maintenance expenses of stores and spares and better realization on sales. Profit after tax for 
the Q2FY19 at Rs. 9.9 crores which includes one-time tax benefits.  

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
On the tax benefit, the company is eligible for the deduction under Section 80IA consist 
thermal power plant profitability. Until Q1FY19, the company was providing and paying 
income tax without claiming the deduction under Section 80IA. Thus, the company has paid 
higher tax and provided more on account of income tax. Now the company has received the 
intimation from the department to claim this deduction hence this reduction has been claimed 
during this Q2.  
Forex realization for the quarter was at INR 68.49 per dollar as against INR 66.26 per dollar in 
Q1FY19. During the quarter, we made a debt repayment of term loans of Rs. 22 crores. This is 
a net repayment reduction and there has been no increase in the borrowing for working capital. 
There is no major CAPEX plan for the next few years and our debt payment is progressing as 
per schedule.  
I now open the house call for the questions please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Pankaj Jain from Mahaveer Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Jain: 
I would just like to know why have the exports reduced during this quarter and how do we 
look at the export market in future, so what would be going forward? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
The headwinds that we are getting on export are mainly due to the global trade war factors. 
There is a nervousness amongst most buyers right now about the future in terms of what is 
happening. Although, there are a lot of inquiries and a lot of samplings are increasing from the 
US market. The conversion into orders were slower in this quarter. We hope that because the 
inquiries are more in future and this will result in more orders. But so far, people have been 
there to place orders because they are not sure about the retail environment that they are 
experiencing. And the Turkish factor has impacted us a lot because we used to export about 
400 tons of yarn per month to Turkey. Now, that has dropped to 100 tons because of the 
currency devaluation in Turkey. So, we have had a substantial reduction in our yarn export 
business, not in the fabric or garment. 
Pankaj Jain: 
But are these inquiries just coming from the US market or any other geographies also? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
No, from most geographies, we are getting good inquiries and the whole garment export part is 
increasing much more. The momentum for exports is more in the garment related areas where 
customers are now increasingly focused on taking a full package from India. They want our 
whole styling and garment and fabric altogether and there is more interest in making value-
added products. 
Pankaj Jain: 
Can you throw some light on our Japanese marketing arrangement and your retail partner? 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
The Japanese marketing arrangement is working very well with Takisada as usual and we 
continue to increase business with them. I think it is a very steady relationship like most 
Japanese partners are. We are optimistic that it will continue to grow well. As far as the 
European part is concerned, we are doing direct sales now to Europe. But we have not signed 
on entered into a joint venture which we were proposing to do with Riopelle. So it remains our 
customer and we are also making women's wear range on our own for which we have hired a 
separate design team. This in fact, is beneficial to both of us as Riopelle remains a good 
partner for value-added design which they wish to buy from us and sell on their own.We will 
make the more a value range in women's wear on our own. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Navneet Bhaiyya, who is an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Navneet Bhaiyya: 
Just a follow on from the previous question, so there has been customers like Zara, GAP. I 
believe these guys used to source a lot from China before the trade war started. So the trade 
war should ideally have a beneficial impact for companies who are creating out of India for 
people like us or Syntex because these guys would look at alternative sourcing options which 
could be India, Bangladesh or few other countries. So how is that shaping up for you? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
So, Navneet you are right. There has been increase in the number of inquiries and the number 
of samplings which we are doing with customers, even like Zara. The question is for them to 
make the change. They are very slow in moving eventually to a new source. So while they are 
exploring the possibilities from India in much more detail, the actual conversion of the 
business will take probably in another quarter or so. So the sign seems to be positive but there 
is a slow moment right now. But there was some headwind even for Zara for example in terms 
of the sales that they have had in their retail. So due to that there were some challenges. They 
decided to come and look at India more seriously. However, when Turkey becomes devalued 
and even better prices they went back again for a while. So these are things which are back and 
forth at this moment. You cannot say definitely that there will be an increase but the chances 
are that there will be definitely a more positive trend towards India in the garment business for 
sure. 
Navneet Bhaiyya: 
Do you think they might replace China as a sourcing destination in entirety? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
No, China cannot ever be replaced in entirety. Volume is too large and all we need is a 10% 
shift from the Chinese business to fill up all our order book. We don't need more. 
Navneet Bhaiyya: 
So 10% for India, Bangladesh? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
10% drift from China into India will make all of us very happy. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Navneet Bhaiyya: 
And that will take at least a couple of quarters to…. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Yeah, one or two quarters, we should begin to see the momentum happening provided there is 
no other change in the global scenario. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansinghka from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Niraj Mansinghka: 
You said your yarn export to Turkey had fallen. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Yes. 
Niraj Mansinghka: 
And what I know is Turkey exports have picked up dramatically. So ideally the yarn exports to 
Turkey should have gone up for you because that is the raw material for them. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
So, Turkey has a lot of imports coming from various places in the world. They also have their 
huge domestic production. So, Turkey is actually a country which has a substantial amount of 
yarn that they produce within Turkey itself. And therefore, at this moment when the currency 
devaluation happened, they have become aggressive in exports, but their domestic part of the 
industry dropped. Overall there is a shrinkage in the Turkish textile business.  
J.K.Jain: 
All imports to Turkey from rest of the world have become costlier because of the devaluation 
of their currency. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
So, the domestic market in Turkey shrank for them even though their exports may have 
increased. It is still based on less imports and more of their domestic product. That is where 
they are competitive. If they have to import now they are not as competitive. 
Niraj Mansinghka: 
So just a hypothetical question so in this case Turkey exports wouldn't have fallen… 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Eventually. 
Niraj Mansinghka: 
I am just talking hypothetically in Quarter 2, if your exports wouldn't have fallen from 400 to 
100 tons a month, would your yarn proportion would be similarly higher or would it be similar 
numbers only what you reported? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
No, then we would have had a 300 tons of exports increased and we would be closer to 
something like 47%-40% exports. 
J.K. Jain: 
In that case, our domestic yarn sales would have fallen. 
Niraj Mansinghka: 
That's what I'm saying so you just replace that by domestic yarn sales. Just on the margin side 
which is more profitable for you the domestic or the exports? 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
At this point, the export was more profitable. 
Niraj Mansinghka: 
Can you share more thoughts on the Turkish exports—I know your products compete with 
them—so while their exports has scaled up. Generally, these trends should continue for one or 
two years at least because of the currency tailwinds that Turkey has. So then why are you 
positive on getting some orders even in the next one year on export because whatever the 
negotiations happening they wouldn't ever fructify for at least for an year or so? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Our view is only for the US exports and Japanese exports. In terms of Europe where Turkey is 
strong & their proximity, Turkey is able to capture more market share with his devaluation, 
they will continue to remain dominant in Europe. For, making breakthroughs with companies 
like Zara etc. will be more difficult. However, US customers that produced in Asia where the 
production is in Vietnam and production in Bangladesh, India and all of the far-east regions 
where we stand to have a logistical advantage. Our lead time is lower than Turkey. Our prices 
are better. So, our businesses are growing in the Far East, I mean in the US market, in Europe 
we will face the challenge. 
Niraj Mansinghka: 
If you are competing in US and Japan and the suppliers are located in Bangladesh and Vietnam 
and China what I understand is Vietnam is almost full in labor supply, Bangladesh has some 
headway and China also is slight going down. So then why isn't your exports to the US market 
scaling up? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
It is, our exports to the US is increasing, yes. 
Niraj Mansinghka: 
So who are you seeing from here to next one or two years based on whatever discussions you 
are having with your clients, how do you see your export revenues on garments and fabrics 
going? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
We are seeing the garment growth to be the maximum and this is in line with what you are 
saying that in fact customers whose like to buy a full package from India including fabric and 
garment because it saves them the lead time and it also gives them the advantage of having 
capacity available in India. Meanwhile, we are also working on making sure that the trade 
advantage that we have with Japan and Korea, we must make maximum use of that because 
their substitute was China. And instead, the garment exports is happening as a full package 
from India. So in long term, we are very bullish about this. Europe will continue to buy from 
us only those products where they find to be substantially cheaper than Turkish, nothing else. 
Whereas the other parts of the world like the USA and Far East Asia will continue to grow for 
us. US is the largest customer in the world, it is overall positive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arjun Sengar from Reliance Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Arjun Sengar: 
Just wanted to dwell a little bit more on the point you just made wherein global brands are 
looking to increase sourcing of fabrics and garments from India, so this story has been there in 
existence for a last 3 to 5 years. But lately this trade war uncertainty and maybe that rupee 
depreciation have probably added tailwinds. So can you just enumerate the few factors which 
are making this more and more likely scenario over the next one-year? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Our belief is that there is always for customers who are the global big retail brands like a GAP 
or a Macy’s or J.C. Penney or the bigger consumers in the USA, Wal-Mart included everyone 
they all feel that there is a hedge required away from China in long-term. That is why the story 
has always been there that you should be looking at India as an alternative. The challenge in 
India was a lot of the capacity in garments has not increased. But now, the garments capacity 
in India has increased a lot. Another big hub that has developed is Ethiopia and Ethiopia 
remains a country where for the US export particularly they will be duty-free as well as for the 
rest of the world. So, a lot of the garments capacities have been put up even by Indian 
companies, Raymonds and Arvind have invested heavily in Ethiopia to create garments 
capacity. Even the logistics from India we are finding Ethiopia, Jordan, Egypt and the Far East 
all now as potential places for exporting garment with increased speed and competing against 
Turkey. That is why we believe that there will be increasing YoY growth in the garment 
exports. The problem that happened was because of the taking away of the drawback. The 
Government now from all of the Apparel Export Promotion Council and all other indicators 
are working with the government to get more draw-back. And as soon as more draw-back is 
available there will be a real boom in the exports of the garments to India. 
Arjun Sengar: 
These brands is it a fair understanding that this trade war with China is making them excellent 
read their diversification plans towards India, is that the fair understanding? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
It is absolutely a contributor and definitely, there is a risk mitigation that they want to do 
against China whether there was a trade war or not. So for both those reasons if India provides 
a solution that is good and it is beginning to provide solutions which are better and better. 
Customers will continue to want to increase the proportion of business from India. 
Arjun Sengar: 
Also over the last one-year, our currency is significantly depreciated but the Bangladesh has 
not depreciated to the same extent. So is this something that is reasonably significant factor 
that brands are considering in terms of sourcing? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
We are not basically currency depreciates to the extent of our inflation. So the extent of our 
inflation in the currency is depreciating. We remain competitive and we are able to continue to 
offer the price the customer is looking for. The challenge is when we are asking for higher 
prices. As long as our depreciation is in line with the inflation rate, we are okay. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Arjun Sengar: 
In your opening comments you mentioned that there was some recovery in the domestic 
market but it has again worsened. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Yeah. The domestic market still is challenging. 
Arjun Sengar: 
How does it look going forward? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
At this point, we are not very optimistic about the domestic market recovering very fast. It 
might still take a while. We're focusing our efforts in the domestic market on corporate clients. 
The corporate clients and the big retailers are still doing well and we expect that there will be 
more consolidation in the industry. The problem in our domestic market was there were too 
many small players all across the board. Those small players are going out and there bigger 
ones are consolidating the business. So, there is in fact, a kind of mergers and different kind of 
growth happening whether it is fashion at Big Bazaar or D-Mart type customers or Reliance 
Retail or Aditya Birla chain. So this chains are taking over most of the business and this is in 
fact good. So, our business with those kinds of customers is increasing and the other dis-
organized market and smaller customers are reducing. This is the changeover. 
Arjun Sengar: 
But pre de-mon and GST, I think that is when this whole down cycle has started, so what has 
changed since then? Has the demand structurally come down is that the case or what is the 
problem there? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
No, demand is not down. The kind of e-commerce benefits given and various losses taken on 
by the e-commerce giants which have being subsidized for the consumer have caused some 
confusion in various markets. Now, gradually this is coming back and so you can see the 
physical spaces are also beginning to work better. 
Arjun Sengar: 
Any sense on the domestic apparel retail which has been lackluster lately but any sense on 
that? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
We are thinking that we continue to focus on fewer customers even in the domestic market and 
not address the multiple diverse channels that exist with distributed marketing but focus on 
large customers in India. India will be a great market too. It is a change in the shift and 
emphasis required here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyank Boricha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Priyank Boricha: 
How the raw material prices have been during the quarter? We have seen that they are on the 
rise and what is your outlook for a couple of coming years? 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
J.K. Jain: 
The major raw material is polyester and viscose for the company and for sure during this 
quarter the polyester and viscose prices have increased. These both were connected indirectly 
with the import parity price of the product. So as the rupee depreciated and crude oil prices 
went up the polyester and viscose prices increased but now from the last month, the polyester 
prices have started falling. So in the current quarter, it is expected that the polyester prices will 
continue to fall and will come to a reasonable level. 
Priyank Boricha: 
So benefit of this will be received in third quarter itself or do we have old inventory? We 
would be having some high cost inventory which would be used in third quarter and new low 
cost one would be using fourth quarter, is there such thing? 
J.K. Jain: 
No, we normally hold about a month from material in stock and there are certain order book 
positions also. So the impact of any price or increase will definitely come only after one, one-
and-half month. But in case of falling prices, the customers also anticipate the prospect to fall 
and they start not to buy the goods from us. And there is a price fall expected in the market 
customers will not take the deliveries and that accumulates the inventory with the company. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
So overall prices on all raw materials are going down right now. So this is true for wool, it is 
true for polyester, viscose and even cotton at this moment. So, there is a general, trend of 
decrease of raw materials and oil has also come down. So there is now a better chance for us to 
get margin because the final retail prices for Banswara Syntex don't really change. Our sales of 
corporate are all in general the prices of wool and all raw materials cotton, wool and synthetics 
everything has dropped. And given the fact that we are dealing mainly with corporate 
customers who do not renegotiate prices and whose retail prices are fixed, we should be 
benefiting. It will just take like a month, month and a half definitely we will see the benefits in 
Q4, in Q3 we may see the partial benefit. 
Priyank Boricha: 
What is the Forex hedge policy? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
We are pure vanilla on our Forex hedging. We have been quite conservative on this front. So 
there is no big impact on the mark to market for us. 
J.K. Jain: 
Normally, we keep the foreign-exchange booked to an extent of quarters for our material 
which has to be delivered to the customer. We keep a balance between the two. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manan Patel: 
Continuing on lines of previous question I wanted to understand. So we were in the process of 
passing on the price hike because of duty drawback withdrawal and increase in raw material 
prices. So we were passing on those prices to the customers and we had passed on to some. So 
where are we in that process right now and how do we benefit going forward given now the 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
rupee is also depreciating and RM prices are also decreasing, so how does that impact our 
margins in coming quarters? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
The question is really for us. At this point our margins have increased, our gross margins have 
increased. The problem is one about the capacity utilization. We don't have enough capacity 
utilization and the total order book position was worse than before. The Margin has actually 
increased because we did manage to get the price increases and whatever we got we are still 
holding. And we are getting an increased benefit on currency. We are getting an increased 
benefit on the currency as well as on the raw material. So once you establish a new benchmark 
in pricing given the kind of environment, we are working in that price. The Problem now is to 
fill up all the capacity at this price point which we could not. So, we have created a value 
range. We have our premium range of products where we have managed to increase the 
product pricing, we retain those. And we have created a value range where we are giving better 
prices which the products are quite different and we are trying to fill up the capacity with the 
value range. If the capacity filling happens now, then you will see that there will be a 
substantial jump. Otherwise what is happening right now is the overhead cost of capacity 
which is unutilized is eating into our margin. 
Manan Patel: 
But if I look at the gross margins also this quarter they have come down compared to the last 
quarter as well as the same quarter last year.  
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Because of the expenses also to a part extent. The expenses have increased on the unutilized 
capacity that is why our gross margins have come down. Otherwise, if you look at the selling 
price of the product and look at the metric of per meter realization you will see that is higher 
than last quarter. 
J.K. Jain: 
We have achieved this sale mainly because of the reduction in the inventories. Our inventory it 
has gone down by 35 crores during this quarter and that is gone into the top line. Otherwise, 
capacity utilization has been a concern. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
The slow demand of domestically and this whole transition in the trade war for the customers 
that have caused concerning utilization. So, we have had to be more aggressive on pricing 
therefore, we have created a whole new pricing strategy. 
Manan Patel: 
Can you put a number to the utilization that is right now and what you are aiming for in 
coming quarters? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
At this moment, it is difficult to say. We can get back to you later maybe check it and work it 
out in a call separately. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Manan Patel: 
One last question bookkeeping one, we had exceptional loss of some 1.6 crores so what is that 
related? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Exceptional item is the loss on sale of certain machineries which were not being utilized and 
these were lying idle for quite some time and to get the liquidity out of the funds blocked in the 
unutilized machinery so that is a portion of the loss. We sold certain machineries, so it is a loss 
again is the book value and the sell price of the machines. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Agarwal from Arc Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
How are we pleased with the customers in terms of pricing? Are we able to pass on the cost to 
the customer? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Yes, at this point we are able to pass on the cost. But to get substantial orders of large volume, 
we have created a new range of products which are more aggressively priced than our earlier 
products. So there has been an addition to what we are calling the value range of products 
which we were selling earlier in our exports market at $3 plus. Now, we have a range of $2 
plus items. So we have there been cost engineered for that and that is where we are thinking 
that the growth will come. The passing on of the price is not the concern. The order book 
position is a concern. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
The top three domestic customers how are they doing like Madura, Raymond and Arvind 
Group? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Better this year. We are finding an improvement among the corporate client.  
Ankit Agarwal: 
So like in terms of contribution they have increased? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr Lalaram Singh from Vibrant Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Can I know the progress on the European joint venture we had with the Portuguese company I 
think for women wear? How we are progressing for that JV in terms of have we started 
booking revenues in that JV? Second question is when you say that pricing is not an issue. The 
issue is booking of orders, so are you referring this for both the domestic and the export 
business? And is this because of overall overcapacity? what is the reason why we are not able 
to book orders? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
To answer your first question about the joint venture that we were planning with Riopelle with 
the Portuguese company, this is not being done. And we both consciously took a decision to 
create two different ranges of products. One range which will be marketed by Riopelle itself 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
independently, they will be buying from us like a customer and selling these premium products 
in Europe and that remains something which there is simply a relationship between customer 
and supplier between us. Then we are creating a separate range for the value range of products 
for participants with Banswara in the market and Banswara will do this independently. So we 
have decided not to put both together as it dilutes the equity of each company if you do that in 
the women's wear range and this way we are getting better traction with the customers. The 
customers are in fact happier with this arrangement rather than a joint venture. So we had gone 
repeatedly to many customers together and they suggested that this may be a better way where 
we get designed in Europe, made in India from Banswara from Riopelle and we buy the 
collaboration of Riopelle with India and directly from Banswara. So that’s what happened right 
now. We have chosen not to go for the joint venture. It would not have benefited both the 
parties. That's where it stands. But as far as the sales in women's wear are concerned we have 
got traction from customers and orders have started to come and all of the sales projections we 
are talking about we will begin to meet those.  
Now coming to the other question which is also really connected to this; what we are talking 
about is the situation globally in terms of demand is where the demand is much bigger at the 
bottom of the pyramid and the demand is much bigger where the price sensitivity is high. And 
our products were more in a range which was medium to an upper end and there the demand 
contracts has happened. So the deal demand is now for products which meet price points of 
customers at the lower end. The customers have gotten used to paying less for clothing not 
more at that price point where the demand has increased. So you will see growth has really 
been happening at the fashion at Big Bazaars at the D-Mart level in India as well. Whereas 
abroad as well you can see in most customers even Wal-Mart has had a pickup and there is a 
J.C. Penney pick up and Macy’s has done well. But the growth has come in the value segment. 
Therefore, we had to re-engineer many products and have this strategy of having the premium 
end of products and the bulk end of products. The bulk end of products, we have introduced in 
the last one year and it is now beginning to pick up. We didn't have many of these products 
which is why we were not being able to fill all our demands. There is a greater demand the 
demand will continue and it seems clear to us that if we are able to fulfill customers aspirations 
on the price they would prefer to buy from us which we have begun to offer to them. And we 
are seeing this switch happen. So I think by Q4 our utilization percentage should be back to 
normal and then we should be able to get the benefit of the overall margin that we want. 
Lalaram Singh: 
So if I understand it correctly, historically Banswara was sort of strong in European design in 
the premium end. So do we mean to say that we are changing our DNA to fit in the new 
market reality? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
It's not really about changing DNA. We continue to have the aspirational products available 
with us. But if we are selling only aspirational products, we can't fill the whole bill. So we 
have to do both aspirational and affordable. 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Lalaram Singh: 
And when you say affordable will it come at a lower margin and also written on capital 
metrics, on those metrics how will it pan out in terms of financial metrics? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
The margin is not significantly going to be very low even the products that we are doing at 
aspirational levels and on the affordable level. The affordable products will also be having a 
margin which is okay but it will be less than the premium products for sure. But when you 
look at the overall margin, it is always a combination of both. Earlier we were able to have a 
strategy where we felt the momentum was good enough if this Turkish devaluation would not 
have happened. And the shift coming to us for the more upper-end products would have more. 
However, in the last one-year, we felt several headwinds against the fact that we were pricing 
at the more premium end. Therefore, created this new range which is engineered for cost and 
therefore doesn't cost us as much to make as well. That manages to utilize our overall capacity. 
Lalaram Singh: 
When you say it's engineered for cost I mean it's a constant endeavor for any company to 
manufacture at the lowest cost possible. So when you say that you have sort of introduced the 
new engine your way of doing it, can you explain what does that mean? Is it outsourcing some 
of the segments and maybe…..? 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Let, me put it this way. If you were to look at it fits in terms of another analogy like a car; you 
could think that if you were producing BMWs top of the end, we also now have an economy 
model of it. So that economy model is something which is cost engineered for economy. If a 
regular BMW sells at Rs. 25 lakh-30 lakh this was going to be only for 7-8 to 10. We have 
introduced more economy model because it comes out of the same manufacturing. We are not 
able to use our full manufacturing capacity only for producing the luxury segment. That's how 
we think we will be able to get back overall margin. The unfortunate part is that we were doing 
a good momentum but the momentum changed with the situation in Turkey and the situation 
now what is happening in the global markets. 
Lalaram Singhl: 
Final question on the gross debt, can I get that number including the current maturity? 
J.K. Jain: 
The overall debt as on date is around 480 crores and the annual repayment during this year is 
49 crores. Next year, we will be paying about 41 crores and thereafter the payment is below 30 
crores. Since, we are not borrowing more for any CAPEX, this debt will be reduce consistently 
and this will be a debt-free company or with minimum debt in next 4-5 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. As there are no further questions I 
would like to hand the conference back to Mr. Toshniwal for closing comments.. 
Ravindra Toshniwal: 
Thank everyone for your questions as well as all of your patients with us. And I would like to 
thank you all for joining the call. I hope that we were able to answer all your questions. For 

 
Banswara Syntex Limited 
November 15, 2018 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
any further queries please do get in touch with us or SGA. We will be happy to address all 
your queries..  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Banswara Syntex Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
