November, 29, 2018
Pokarna Limited
B.S.E Limited,
Phiroze Jeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai
— 400001
Department of Corporate Services,
Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,
Exchange Plaza,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai
— 400051
Dear Sir,
Sub: Transcripts of the Conference call.
BSE Scrip code / NSE Symbol: 532486 / POKARNA
We refer to above and hereby submit the transcripts of Q2 & FY19 Earnings Conference Call,
conducted on November, 15, 2018.
This is for your information and dissemination.
For Pokarna
Limited?-
Mahesh Inani
Company Secretary
CIN: L14102TGl991PLC013299
Regislered & Corporate Office: Surya Towers, 105, Sardar Patel Road, Secunderabad 500 003, Telongono, India
Phone: +9l 40 663i Ol ll, E- mail: contocl@pokorno com, Web. www pokorno com

@
I’UK \|€\ \ I.|\ll'l‘l".I)
my. .\.
l “u...”
..
Pokarna Limited
Q2 FY19 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
November 15, 2018
Moderator:
Gavin Desa:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Ladies
and gentlemen, good day
and
welcome
to
Pokarna
Limited 02
FY19
Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now
hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you and over
to you, sir.
Thank you. Good day everyone and
a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited's 02
FY19 Earnings Call.
We have with us today Mr. Gautam Chand Jain
— Chairman and Managing Director
and Mr. Paras Kumar Jain
— Chief Operating Officer of Pokarna Engineered Stone
Limited.
We will begin this call with opening remarks from the management following which
we will have the floor open for an interactive Q&A session. Before we begin
I would
like to just point out that some statements made in today's discussions may be
forward-looking in nature and a note to that effect has been stated in the concall
invites sent to you earlier. We trust you have had
a chance to go through the
presentation and financial performance.
I would now like to request Mr. Paras Jain to make his opening remarks. Over to
you, Paras.
Thanks, Gavin. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for taking the time out for
joining
our Earnings Conference Call. Trust all of you would have received the
investor presentation by now.
Let me begin by discussing headline numbers for the quarter. Following which
I will
briefly mention the keyghighlights. To begin with our revenues for the quarter stood
at Rs.110 crore as against Rs.85 crore reported
in 02 of FY18 higher by 29%
driven by the improved performance of both granite and quartz business. EBITDA
for
the
quarter
stood
at
Rs.36
crore
as against
R529
crore
generated
in
corresponding
period
last
year higher by
24%.
Improved
product
mix,
cost
realization measures coupled with positive currency movement has offset some
@
I'Hk \|I\\ l.|\ll Hill
'I- !.;'- \
|p,--..-‘.
Page 1 of 12

Moderator:
Kaustav Bubna:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Kaustav Bubna:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Kaustav Bubna:
impact of rising cost. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs.20 crore as against
Rs.12 crore generated in Q2 of FY18 higher by 67%. Profitability expansion was
not only on the back of higher topline but also was aided by a lower finance cost for
the quarter. Interest expense for the quarter was lower by 10%.
Moving on to individual business starting with granite.
Revenue for the quarter stood at Rs.37 crore as against Rs.31 crore generated in
Q1 of FY19 higher by 19% driven by a better product mix.
Moving on to quartz business. Demand continuous to remain strong. We continue
to
see encouraging
traction for
a product
in
the
markets and
are hopeful of
maintaining the momentum. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 40%. In quartz
business we continue to work hard
on improving
our operational efficiency by
implementing best practices and we believe that better performance from existing
production facility would
be possible only with implementation
of many such
additional initiatives and by realigning some aspects of our operational and sales
strategy. We continue to closely watch development in the US market arising out of
tariff on the US import of quartz from China also a quick update on the new quartz
plant coming up near Hyderabad. Work on the same is progressing well and we
expect a hot and cold
run of the plant to be completed by Q1 of calendar year
2020.
That concludes my opening remarks we can now start the Q&A session.
Thank you very much.
The first question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from Rare Enterprises.
I wanted to know were you able to pass on the input cost rise to the customer this
quarter or also what was the volume growth in the granite and quartz business
versus the total revenue growth so wanted to really understand the impact of the
exchange rate in benefit on the sales numbers?
In terms of giving you the details on the volume I think we would refrain from doing
that at the moment because of certain proprietary reason, but what I can add is that
we had a good top line coming in which was also coupled with a growth in the
volume as well.
In the quartz segment this big jump in top line was it because
I
mean is this
sustainable even if you see the rupee coming down back to below 70 level. is it
because of the improved efficiency in your quartz plant could you give us some
detail on that?
See if you look at one of the mentions which
I made in the opening remarks. We
are working on improving certain aspects of our operations and if the results as we
have foreseen remain to continue and also if the sales strategy alignment which we
have
done
if that
is
panning
out well
then
the
maintenance
with
whatever
adjustment to the currency factor is possible, but of course we do not know exactly
what level the dollar would settle but definitely dollar would have an impact, but it is
not that it is only the dollar impact which has resulted in the revenue.
I wanted to know on Q3 now we have a lower crude oil price and the rupee has
remained relatively weak so do you expect Q3 rupee stronger than Q2 based on
@
I-nx xiv-Ls
l.l'hll'l'l2l|
Insu‘. .-:..
I “an.
runny"
Page 2 of 12

Paras Kumar Jain:
Kaustav Bubna:
Gautam Jain:
Kaustav Bubna:
Gautam Jain:
Kaustav Bubna:
Gautam Jain:
Kaustav Bubna:
Gautam Jain:
Moderator:
this like how do you look at it I mean how do we relate rupee and oil prices to your
performance that is what I am trying to understand?
It is a time lag between the impact of crude prices when it comes to the other by-
products which are some of them used by us, but in general there has been some
together situation of the raw material availability also in the market. 80, input cost I
do not think would typically be moving so dramatically on the lower side with the
crude coming down. So, what I can say is that as
I said we see that the business
continuous to remain positive and we continue to see the momentum in the near
future.
And any update on your converting Indian debt to foreign debt?
Already we have converted the entire currency loans from Indian rupees to foreign
currency loans.
So. is that noticeable in this quarter?
Ultimately the fluctuation will always remain we may get advantage on the interest
front but we may lose on the loan on valuation of the foreign currency at every end
of the quarter. 80, very frankly
I do not see more than a 1% or 2% delta in terms of
advantage for us, but since we have a natural hedge that 1%, 2% is also a big
amount that we think we will always be benefitted.
Sir one last question on the demand scenario in the US with interest rates rising
there are some fear on housing market slow down, so I mean how are we looking
at this because and what is our approach towards how we analyze the housing
environment and which trickles down to our product demand because a new plant
is coming up next year and we do not want to repeat a situation where the plant
comes up and then there is a demand problem, so how are we looking at that to
avoid previous problems?.
No there is no previous problem of course there was a problem in the beginning of
the recession. We do not foresee that kind of recession in the near future looking at
today's housing market boom happening in US market, but we will have to face the
situation as it comes. We cannot say that because of future any expectation we will
not do growth or we will not improve our working. 80, this is part of the game that
we have to be worried, we have to be prepared for it.
But what is your view as of today?
I do not think there is anything of a concern that I should worry about a new plant
coming because plants can come but making a product is a long-drawn process.
With our experience we can tell that even if few more new plants come the market
for quartz in
US is not going to deteriorate because the China effect which
is
playing
a big game now. There is a tremendous duty impact on the imports of
quartz coming from China. But then each and every product that we develop is
proprietary. So, once the product is stabilized market it is difficult for other people
to make the same product or eat away that share. It will all depend on the growth of
new products. Let us see what happens, but the plants are always coming up
either in Indian now coming finally, but as far as in other part of the world there is
always some expansion or the other happening.
@
I‘ilKAIIE‘w \
I.l.I|II'I't
n
u...|..\
.-.-..
I
..-.......
.. ........-
Page 3 of 12

Pritesh Chheda:
Gautam Jain:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pritesh Chheda:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pritesh Chheda:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pritesh Chheda:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Sir just going back to your past calls whenever the revenues were in the R350 to
Rs.55 crore run rate we were always communicating that the plant is largely fully
utilized. There was one quarter in the past 14, 15 quarters where you had done
Rs.60 crore and if I just take the currency at that time you would have done about 8
odd million dollar of revenue in dollar terms and when
I look at the Rs.72, Rs.73
crore today in this quarter you would have done about 10 million dollar of business,
so just wanted to understand
in this increase from Rs.50 crore to Rs.73 crore
would there be any volume increase if yes then is it sustainable and how does it
then correlate with your past comments on full utilization of capacity and is there a
mix led changes if yes then is it sustainable?
I want to recall the earlier discussion we always had that the top line and bottom
line both depends on the product mix that we make during that quarter in terms of
design and also in terms of thicknesses where the margins vary from time-to-time.
So, there can never be forecast where we can say that this is going to happen and
this has happened because of this reasons. There could be a reason that we have
sold higher price product in one quarter, but we have sold lesser thickness there
can be a reason that we have sold thicker quality product but cheaper products.
So, honestly to quantify every quarter why there is an increase and why there is a
decrease this is going to be a permanent affair nobody can predict what is going to
happen in the quarter though volume may grow but possible that the top line may
not growth though the volume can grow but possible that bottom line may not grow
and it is possible both grows in one quarter due to the product mix. We make
various products, so it cannot be justified, why there is a mix, why there is more top
line and why there is less bottom line and all that.
Adding to what Mr. Jain said
so it is
a function of product mix. When we say
product mix we are looking at a realization, we are looking at the thickness of the
product
as
a factor and also other aspects of the
business. As
I
said
in the
beginning of my call there has been improvement in the product mix and also to
some extent dollar has helped and also in the last paras of my opening remarks
that
I
mentioned
we
are working
on improving
certain aspects of operational
efficiency which we believe over a period of time will give an additional capacity we
implement as we like and that can bring in whatever it can bring in.
Based on your order backlog is there a sustainability factor in any of these drivers?
We largely believe so.
Borrowing the currency part obviously but the product mix part and whatever
volume increase you would have seen in this quarter there is a sustainability part in
it?
We believe it largely.
Just trying to correlate one more question on quartz now this import anti-dumping
duty etc. has been implemented
on China by US, how does it change for our
business what can be the near term benefits if any which can flow to us and are we
prepared for any of those benefits if you could highlight the new business regime?
See we continue to closely watch the developments which are happening on the
tariff front. 80, it is a double edge sword so you cannot say that always it is going to
be positive for other countries because there
can
be
some substitution of the
product happening, there
can be
some
new product coming
as
a replacement
which can come through, but definitely with the situation becoming tight in the US
fix .
.3:
E:
.
(a
O s°°'bad. 3;}!
3%)
/r
:7“
'r
W
19-”
Page 4 of 12

Pritesh Chheda:
Gautam Jain:
Pritesh Chheda:
Gautam Jain:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pritesh Chheda:
Gautam Jain:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pritesh Chheda:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pritesh Chheda:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Moderator:
Viraj Kacharia:
Gautam Jain:
market for the imports from the China market there would definitely a situation
where customer would be looking out for other avenues of purchase and that
demand
even if it comes to
us today we would
not be able to fully handle it
because we already have our existing commitment. So, we do not see that is a
spillover which we are actually scheming.
80,
volume
is
not the spillover which
you would
be scheming
because your
capacities do not have that scope?
Till the new plants comes into production.
But there is incremental scope whatever scope, but there is incremental little scope
with the plant or there is no scope at all?
There is incremental scope of demand coming definitely from the customer.
See basically scope and hope are all correlated. As long as you hope there is a
scope then that comes in.
Is there a case for even on your current portfolio of products whatever you are
selling is there a case for better realization by virtue of this change in business.
See
we
are into fashion business,
we
are into
a product driven by customer
demand and we have to make the product which customer demand. So, we cannot
move away from existing customers and say that because there is a scope we
want to
increase the pricing.
We
are
on
a long
term relationship,
long
term
business and
also outlook.
So,
it all depends where
we find
an opportunity
obviously we will encash the opportunity but without disturbing our relationship with
the customers, we have long standing relationship for us that is more important
also.
Also the pricing contract are long term, they are not short term on a monthly basis.
So, with long term pricing you do not have the scope of adjusting as you like.
So, these pricing are renewed annually that is how it would be?
Yeah different arrangement if they come they are long term in nature.
But what part of your portfolio would be non—contracted?
See typically if you ask me more than 90% of the portfolio is contracted.
The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment
Management. Please go ahead.
Just had couple of questions on the granite side now if you look at this quarter our
gross margin
was still
low while the sales
was quite strong. We would
have
received probably a higher currency benefit in this quarter which should ideally
have led to a better gross margins sequentially but that was not the case, so with
this 10% top line growth would also be currency while the realization were low is
that one should look at it?
Actually now with the Chinese duties coming in US market there is effect of little bit
of growth in terms of volume in US market for granite but at the same time the
@
|'IihAIlM\
l
Inll'l I-'.Il
«pm-- .-:-..
4
.mn...-
.
-n .—...-..
Page 5 of 12

Viraj Kacharia:
Gautam Jain:
Viraj Kacharia:
Gautam Jain:
Viraj Kacharia:
Gautam Jain:
Viraj Kacharia:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Viraj Kacharia:
Gautam Jain:
Moderator:
Pranav Mehta:
Paras Kumar Jain:
finance cost that we are incurring because the conversion of loans into foreign
currency
loan
have impacted
our this quarters balance sheet.
80, margins of
course
are still
under pressure,
but growth of volume
is happening
but then
sometimes it is from the quarry's sale or sometime it is from the processing unit
sale. 80, we do not see any big growth happening, but at the same time we see
little positive movement on granite front in terms of the US market because of the
Chinese duty effect because the lower end market is improving because of prices
of Chinese product going up.
This kind of gross margin which we reported in this quarter, was there any currency
benefit at all which we incurred?
That was actually currency loss this quarter.
If you
look at the sustainable
run
rate of Rs.40
crore
can that
be achieved
considering the fact that you have seen in Brazil in Peso appreciation compared to
rupee what we are seeing vis-a-vis the dollar and also considering the fact that
there is a duty on Chinese granite so do we see volume now more shifting towards
earth and hence we can continue with that Rs.40 crore run rate?
We hope to continue, but we do not know what happens tomorrow.
Last question was on the other expenses and depreciation for granite those have
increased quite a bit. so just want to understand what is the reason behind that?
No only the foreign currency expenditure because of the negative foreign currency
impact that is the main impact in the granite because of the revaluation of the
currency loan which is converted to foreign currency loan in this quarter.
So, that is reflected in other expenses is it?
Exchange loss is other expenses only.
Basically, my earlier question was more to do with the contribution level kind of
margin contraction we have seen sequentially in granite, so that was I was trying to
understand excluding the currency also we have seen kind of a moderation
in
months?
See as
I told you what we told in quartz as also holds good for granite.
It all
depends on which quarter, what material, what thickness we sent because we
have a portfolio of 30. 40 colors which we regularly sell. If the sale is coming from
where the profit or contribution is insignificant then you do not see big profitability,
but if the product what we are selling has a good profit then the profit will go up.
Honestly
in
this
business
we cannot qualify
or quantify what is affecting
the
profitability or what is not matching the profitability.
The next question is from the line of Pranav Mehta from Equirus Securities.
Sir, just wanted to check how sustainable are the margins in the quartz business so
this time around the margins were very strong, so how much would be the impact
of depreciating rupee in the quartz and how sustainable are the margins?
See if you go back to our comments we have always said on the quartz side that
the EBITDA margin our target is to maintain 35% with this quarter we had about
Page 6 of 12

Pranav Mehta:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pranav Mehta:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Pranav Mehta:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Moderator:
Karthikeyan VK:
Gautam Jain:
Karthikeyan VK:
Gautam Jain:
Paras Kumar Jain:
40% of EBITDA margin coming in. So, we continue to hold our previous comments
of working towards maintaining 35% margins whatever comes through for various
reason is an additional thing, but our focus at the moment is to maintain 35% plus.
Sir what was the contribution of the depreciating rupee for the quartz business the
total sales, so any percentage wise if you can highlight how much was the impact
of depreciating rupee?
Pranav I would not be able to give you that number for certain reasons but I would
say that it did an impact on the overall numbers.
Sir the new capacity that is coming in so it would be up running by second quarter
by FY20 right?
We expect that the hot and cold run should be completed by Q1 of calendar 2020
and if hot and cold run as you plan then I think we can commercialize in 02.
Sir the other thing this anti-dumping duty that has been imposed on the Chinese
quartz so are you hearing anything of similar sort being done for other importing
countries like whether Cambria has approached US trade department for imposing
such duties on other countries as well. is there any discussion?
We are not privy to any such move as and when you hear I think we will hear as
the same. We at the moment do not know anything of that sort coming in the
market.
The next question is from the line of Karthikeyan VK from Suyash Advisors.
Couple of things. One is can you indicate this pending schedule on the new project
what is already in the balance sheet and what is the plan for spending and is there
a change in the borrowing mix given the improved profitability on the quarter side,
do you think that is possible?
The things are moving as we wanted we expect the production to happen.
Sir,
i am asking the question from outflow point of view?
We have already told we will maintain right now the committed amount of spending
so
I cannot give a breakup how much
I am spending day-to-day on the plant. We
maintain that Rs.330 crore is the project outlay and as things move maybe we find
something more to add we may add, but today we have committed to Rs.330 crore
investment on this project and we will go ahead with this.
And just adding to what Mr.Jain said we have already contracted for the substantial
part of our spending. Now depending upon the type of the financing arrangement
whether it is going to come at the balance sheet in the near future or the next half
of the year that would follow. We have different financing arrangement and slightly
proprietary in nature. 80, we will not be able to give you the numbers on how we
finance it, but as Mr. Jain said the project outlay continues to be maintain at Rs.330
crore at the moment and if we see some additional thing coming in then that would
be updated as and when that happens and the large part of the project is already
contracted and investments and expenditures are continuing to happen.
@
I-np...\nn..\ I...'\Il'l r."
uni”: :‘u.
I
.
.
..
Page 7 of 12

Karthikeyan VK:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Karthikeyan VK:
Gautam Jain:
Karthikeyan VK:
Gautam Jain:
Moderator:
Sachin Kasera:
Gautam Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Gautam Jain:
Another question just for perspective the anti-dumping duty imposed on Chinese
quartz products you would
not be selling comparable products what you have
described in the past your products are of a higher quality and therefore relatively a
premium to what Chinese possibly be selling. is my understanding correct or is
there a difference?
Basically let me just give a perspective to this whole so that there is no same thing
coming often. China has been selling before the anti-dumping or tariff situations
because they are different aspects of this tariff there is a countervailing duty, there
is
a trump tariff which
is coming
in
and there
is
an anti-dumping which
was
announced yesterday. So, every different aspect which together we call it as a tariff
for the import on quartz from China. Our products we were selling before even this
tariff were there on the product and we do not compete with China on the price
front. We have a different level of experience which we offer to the consumer on
various aspects of the product be it the product quality, be it the product asset,
product performance
or relationship of that matter many other aspects of the
business. Even if the anti-dumping was there or not there our experience offering
would continue to be what we have been doing in the market in the past and for the
matter with the new proprietary things which we are doing in the new plant coming
up. We would rather increase
or elevate the level of experience what we
are
looking to offer to the consumer.
Just continuing on the same theme, would you want to talk about any specific
business development initiatives to observe the new capacity.
I am sure you would
make good progress, but I am just asking could you give us the flavor of the kind of
business development initiative we are understating in order to create visibility for
yourself on the new capacity?
First we will continue to service our existing customer and existing moods. If we
find spare capacity available obviously, we will have to search for new customers.
And what you
are suggesting
is that there
is sufficient demand from existing
customer for absorbing the new capacity as well?
Yeah of course how much they will buy I cannot tell you today because the market
situation after one year can be different.
The
next question
is from the
line of Sachin
Kasera form Lucky investment
Managers.
I understand you are not giving a separate breakup, but if you could give us a
sense of what was the realization of rupee to the dollar in Q2 vis-a-vis say Q1 at
least that would help?
l would like to again tell you that earlier we had no competition. but we are looking
at a competition coming up. We would like to refrain giving numbers and breakups
as far as possible.
I
am not talking of the pricing and dollar
I
am just saying when
we exported
because the currency has changed because othenivise it is difficult to figure out, so
if you could just tell us what was our realization of rupee to the dollar in this quarter
vis-a-vis a June?
Again, realization rupee to dollar changes every day when we do our balance sheet
on 30‘h of September we have to look at the dollar valuation of our loans and
' “if!
\
95$.-
\(
I'IIILAIINA.
a Inll'rI'JI
I.--.
: x.
!
..—. .u-u
---
_
lijil
.
,
'
@3375"
Page 8 of 12

Sachin Kasera:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Gautam Jain:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Gautam Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Gautam Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
realization receivable and then what we have sold by the time
we realize the
money it can change. So, it is very difficult to give a day-to-day or number what you
expect is not possible.
Secondly on this new plant what is the type of ramp up plan do you think we can
have in the sense if the hot and cold trials go as per expectation, can we expect a
good utilization in financial year 2020.
Let me just that if the hot and cold run gets completed in Q1 of calendar 2020 we
think that commercialization can happen under best conditions in next one to two
quarters maximum and then you have to again see for other condition, but this is
what we foresee for the moment.
I believe we already have the experience of having the line number one for a few
years, so this time maybe the stabilization and the ramp up should be much faster
than what happened for line one?
Based on that experience he is giving you the numbers.
See the experience say that we should be able to do that.
Sir one thing on the cost of plants
I believe there is really lot of element of imports
in that and we know the currency fluctuating so when we say Rs.330 crore, can
you give us some sense are we covered also on the currency or tomorrow if the
currency were to depreciate further we will have
our cost go up because the
currency is moving very widely last few weeks?
Because we do not do a forward currency contract because of our natural hedge
being into exports and almost 100% coming from export realization. We do not do
that and it can effect depending on that time what the currency will be. So, that is a
risk that we have to consider which will be there all the time and we always feel
that if we end up spending more we will end up earning more also because of the
remittances foreign currency.
But sir this import will be in dollar terms or in Euro terms the cost of the import for
the new plant?
It does not really matter foreign currency because sometimes we buy something in
dollar terms some things, we buy in Euro terms. So, it all depends on individual
contracts,
individual
vendors
time-to-time.
It
does
not really
make
difference
because
sometimes
dollar
is
more
appreciated,
sometime
Euro
is
more
appreciated. We concentrate more on our business frankly rather worrying more
about the foreign currency because as it is our remittance is in foreign currency.
So, whether it is dollar or Euro it depends which part of the world we are selling
when and what is the remittance going to be.
Secondly sir on the tax front how do we see the tax rate this year and next year, is
it going to move up from what we are seeing currently in the P&L?
See basically whatever tax rate that we had here historically we would continue to
be in the same bracket.
Because
I thought earlier, we had some unabsorbed losses so our tax rate was
lower as we now make more profits the tax rate would go up?
«a»
l'(il\' A "WA
(
nu rrr."
Inn-'- 2;...
I
.‘rnmxn
shun-A)".

Paras Kumar Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Gautam Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Gautam Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Gautam Jain:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Gautam Jain:
Sachin Kasera:
Paras Kumar Jain:
I think that is already done.
And for the new plant sir also going to be having a tax benefit or it will not have
because this also it is not in the SEZ so the tax benefit would be there?
It is not in the SEZ this will be EOU export-oriented unit.
And lastly one question one the tie up that we had with IKEA for supplying to the
India store if you could give us some sense as to how are things progressing on
that front because I believe IKEA is now looking at opening stores in the next 12 to
18
months quite
a bit if you could share
us little bit
on that how
are things
progressing and what is your sense on that?
We have already started executing IKEA orders. but the growth is going to be
gradual. It is not going to be overnight growth and it is going to be spread over the
time and also the location. 80, only one store is opened yet in Hyderabad and we
are already servicing their customers.
I will
not put numbers today because
it
makes no sense, but we look forward for a long term association with IKEA and
obviously it is going to be beneficial to the company.
But sir when we are supplying from the plant in SE2 the suppliers will basically
treat like inputs and therefore the cost of the customer is very high because of the
duty and all and will that change once the new plants comes in because that will be
more like EOU?
Our sales is ex-factory price but the customer pays the taxes.
To be more precise whether we sell from SEZ or EOU whatever is the applicable
taxes. Now SEZ may have certain level of different taxes compared to EOU so
whatever is the different that is anyways part of the contract and the tax is borne by
the customer at the end of the day. So, there could be a slightly change in an EOU
scenario at the moment as the situation stands.
I understand that point sir. Technically l was trying to figure out because today if we
have to pay higher taxes as we are supplying from the SEZ then the cost of the
customer is high so in that case the pricing we all know so pricing to the customer
will change once we start supplying from the new plant vis-a-vis the plant that was
the preferred question?
So, what
we get
is only what
we have contracted
no customer gives you
a
difference in the tax.
And the tax component does not come to us the tax is actual which is applicable
and payable by the customer. What you are talking about is the price differentiation
in the product.
If the price for the customer goes down ultimately the customer look at
his end
buying price so if the taxes go down from the new plant then the purchase price
customer comes down so in that case we can do better volume that was my query.
Actually we do not fix the resale of IKEA. What is the sales strategy of lKEA it is
their strategy. So, we would not be able to talk about what they would do with the
cost of purchase coming down or not coming down.
Page100f12

Moderator:
Dipan Mehta:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Dipan Mehta:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Moderator:
Nikhil Upadhyay:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Nikhil Upadhyay:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Nikhil Upadhyay:
The next question from the line of Dipan Mehta from Elixir.
Could you give us the capacity utilization in the cost division for the September
quarter?
Dipan we always said that we would not be able to give you an absolute number on
the utilization side, but we have always maintained that we are optimally utilizing
our capacity.
Second question is for the cost division if you could give us a geographical breakup
of the revenues?
See largely our revenues comes from the US market, other geographies at the
moment typically do not really add any decimal to the whole sale.
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities Investment
Management. Please go ahead.
Paras this question is more towards you now as you said that most of our contracts
are longer term
in
nature and when the price renegotiation happens
now if
I
understand correctly in our previous call what we had always mentioned that our
price vis-a-vis the Chinese price there was a difference of almost 50% to 60%. Now
with
the anti-dumping duty
and
that price
differential going down,
when
the
negotiation happen do we expect that our end pricing will go up because of the
Breton technology which we are providing and all because that price differential
has to be there other there is no difference between mass product and premium
product?
See we never compared our pricing when we did a pricing with the customer also
saying this is Chinese price and you add an additional x percentage and arrive at
my price. My price was always my price and that would continue to be the situation.
So, our price would not be largely driven by the tariff situation coming in. We have
our own system of costing and we have our own system of contracted way of
arriving at the cost or negotiating the cost and that is never done considering what
happens to one country or one producer so we would not be able to answer fully
because that does not really come into the picture or the scenario in what we are
today.
Secondly when we go for renegotiation on the pricing at the end of the calendar
year for most our customers how does the customer work with the currency benefit
which we are getting, so now if the new pricing would it be set at Rs.73 do we need
to share the currency benefit with the customer or how does the currency benefit
come in when we go for the negotiation on the price?
Nikhil these are highly sensitive and proprietary subject what we can tell you is that
there is a set formula for negotiation which we follow now what is the dollar how it
will impact what he do, what I will do that is i think very difficult to answer or share
on a call but I can say that there is a fixed formula and discussion and that is being
followed.
Paras why
this question
is basically
if this
is
also
a question
which
earlier
participant asked
if
I
look at
our
revenues
over the last eight to ten quarters
sometimes we have done Rs.50 crore, Rs.55 crore, Rs.60 crore this quarter it is
Rs.73 crore
I am not asking that whether Rs.73 crore is consistent no that is the
product mix will change and that will effectively change the realization and all, but if
®
I-nuaur‘aa
I
|nlI'l'l-'I‘
IKLIJJ'h ‘:_. l
-—.allnx
.
-
..
..
Page 11 of 12

Paras Kuman Jain:
Moderator:
Nisarg Vakharia:
Paras Kumar Jain:
Moderator:
Paras Kumar Jain:
we consider on
a dollar based
revenue profile and the volume which
we
can
produce, is there scope for us to continue with the current volumes which we are
doing which has basically given us the $10 million kind of a revenue for this quarter
in the quartz business and similarly in the granite also because all are contract
which are longer time in nature and we get a fixed schedule in terms of when the
product has to be provided for the full year, how should we understand how the
things because you would have a clear idea about the next second half?
Whatever I could share on the call
I already shared
I do not have anything more to
add
I understand that you are looking for something unfortunately I will not be able
to answer please bear with me on this.
The next question
is from the line of Nisarg Vakharia from Lucky Investment
Management. Please go ahead.
Just wanted to clarify that there will be no spillover effect from the anti-dumping
duty imposed by the US government on Chinese products on our products
so
basically there will be no price increases because of that it will be only because of
the quality of products that we deliver?
See we will seek price increase for factors which are relevant for us not coming
from the other market or for other reason.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question
|
now hand the
conference over to the management for closing comments.
I thank you all for taking the time and joining the Earnings Conference Call look
foward to talking to you again.
Page 12 of 12
