Our intensity.
YOur agility.
Date: February 07, 2019
Symbol: NSE -INTENTECH; BSE Scrip Code: 532326
TO,
The Manager,
Listing Department / CRD
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Fort
Munbai - 400001.
The Manager,
Listing Department
B£:L°::[espt,°£t,E5acF,aono::f]fo:nNd;?cL/£]mfted
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Munbai - 400051
Dear Sir"adan,
Sub: Submission of Transcript of Conference Call with Investors and Analysts
Ref:  Disclosure  of information  pursuant  to  Regulation  30  of SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 .
Pursuant  to  Regulation  30  of  the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)
Regulations,  2015,  we  are  enclosing  the  transcript  of  Conference  Call  with  Investors  and
Analysts held on Thursday, January 31, 2019, on recent financial performance of the Company.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Intense Technologies Limited
Encl: As above
Intense Technologies Limited
A1,  Vikrampuri,  Secunderabad  -  500  009.
Telangana,  India
T    +9140  44558585   F  .  +9140  27819040
E     Info@inlostech.com  CIN  -L30007TG1990PLC011510
Our Global  Offices  :  Dubai  I  Florida  I  London  I  Singapore

 
 
 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Q3 & 9M-FY19 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 31, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Intense Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Shikha Kshirsagar from CDR India. Thank you and over to you mam. 
Shikha Kshirsagar 
Thank you Karuna, good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us in 
Intense Technologies’ Q3 and 9M FY19 earnings conference call. We have with us 
Mr. C. K. Shastri – Founder and Managing Director of the company, Mr. Jayant 
Dwarkanath – Whole-Time Director, Mr. H.M. Nayak – Head of finance and 
Administration and Miss Anisha Shastri – Director and VP Business Operations. 
We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management following 
which we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in this call 
maybe forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the earnings announcement shared with all of you earlier. I would now like to 
invite Mr. Shastri to share his remarks, over to you Sir. 
C.K. Shastri 
Thank you Shikha. Good morning, good afternoon everybody, appreciate that all of 
you have taken your precious time to come for this earnings call, I am pleased to 
inform you that we had a decent quarter; Q3. We have done about Rs. 15 crore on 
the top line and we had an EBITDA of Rs. 477 lacs, on even on a nine monthly 
basis, we have done about Rs. 40 crore and EBITDA of Rs. 10 crore. This is an 
indication that we are through with our vows and problems which we had faced in 
the last year and they are behind us and we are positively looking forward going 
forward. As such, for some of your new investors, who have joined this call, let me 
inform you that we Intense Technologies Limited is an enterprise product and 
platform company. We have our solutions being used by Fortune 500 customers 
across 4 continents in over 45 countries and we solve some mission critical 
problems of customer life cycle management right from customer on-boarding to 
their fulfillment and engagement. 
I would restrict my introduction to this and if you have any specific questions, I will 
take them as we go along, over to you Karuna. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. The first question is from the line of Anirban Dutta from Jet 
Age Securities, please go ahead. 

 
Anirban Dutta 
Good afternoon sir, Thank you for this opportunity. A couple of basic questions; 
one is what would be the proportion of annuity revenue in our Q3 revenue? 
C.K. Shastri 
I would say majority of it is going to be annuity revenues but close to at least 85% 
to 90%. I do not have the exact thing but it will be 80% to 85%. 
Anirban Dutta 
So it will be very high proportional annuity revenue, so which means that the 
current performance is more or less predictable sustainable in the way we have 
done in Q3? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes. 
Anirban Dutta 
Okay, the second question is what is the performance of our subsidiaries? So can 
you throw some light on that how our subsidiaries are doing plus when we will 
consolidate after Q4 so what kind of, if you could help us on that? 
C.K. shastri 
You will have a positive thing, the consolidated will not impact like how it used to 
happen in the last few years, you will have a positive impact from the subsidiaries, 
all the subsidiaries are more than breaking even into profit. 
Anirban Dutta 
And any particular reason you would aspire for that, the improvement in 
performance of subsidiaries? 
C.K. Shastri 
One is that you know the thing is that 1) you know we had made investments and 
they started generating revenues, 2) we also had a particular accounting challenge 
where what we used to do is, we used to recognize the revenues from the Europe 
in the standalone and we could not recognize the expenses, that abrasion has 
been corrected. 
Anirban Dutta 
Okay, so wherein also you think this, the current improvement is sustainable. It will 
not turn back after one or two quarters. 
C.K. Shastri 
Absolutely. 
Anirban Dutta 
Okay and one final question Sir. I mean we were planning to spend more on 
marketing, in terms of mostly in the US and in Europe, have we done that in Q3 or 
what is our plan on higher marketing stunts? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes, we wanted to do it in because you know that we are just coming back into 
whatever the last six months has been a very positive thing for us and we started 
taking steps. First and foremost things we have done is, we have scaled up in India 
and already it is almost more than six months we have also hired a new sale side 
in Europe. Well we are having plans in terms of making investments and the idea is 
that you know precise of the company we have to be very selective and choosy 
about whom we recruit because we are not a big brand with a big establishment’ 
however we are making some investments in marketing. We participated in the 
Gartner Summit in the US, we are seeing some good pipeline in the building in the 
US, we are seeing some traction coming in Europe too but majority of our 
engagements are scaling up or this thing is, we are seeing a good traction coming 
from the system integrators. There is a lot about we are happening in the system 
integration front, especially with the big forum in India. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utsav Shrivastava an Individual 
Investor, please go ahead. 

 
Utsav Shrivastava 
Hi, I had a couple of questions on this; one is the margin that we have seen in this 
quarter Q3, we have seen a 6% jump sequential, your EBITDA margin has gone 
from about 25% to 31%, so is this sustainable? Can we now look at 30+ being kind 
of a benchmark what we will see from here on or is this moreover one off? And two 
is, how did you achieve this, because this is a huge kind of jump that we have seen 
Q-on-Q? 
C.K. Shastri 
That is a good question Utsav, the thing is that if you really look at is, you know 1) 
is we have also optimized our half, 2) is that being a product company it is all 
about, even our cloud revenues are adding to it. And once you deploy in, as you 
keep increasing know the profitability goes up. Being a product company, it is all, 
the biggest challenge which we guys are facing is acquiring new customers but 
once we acquire they start contributing to our thing and we keep our eye on the 
cost and only invest rightly, we can further improve on the EBITDA. 
Utsav Shrivastava 
Wonderful, thank you. My next question is, UniServ NXT, has it seen any 
deployment anywhere globally? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yeah, we are deploying in, I cannot name the customer whoever in a largest 
judiciary body of Philippines, we are deploying. 
Utsav Shrivastava 
Okay, so that has already started or it is on the K 
C.K. Shastri 
That has already started. 
Utsav Shrivastava 
Great and any view on, is it possible for us to see some dividend this year now that 
hopefully we will end the year with a positive EPS? 
C.K. Shastri 
Utsav you know that I am the largest investor and I would also want dividend, badly 
on dividend, we are working on it, the idea is that so balance between investment 
and dividend. We will take appropriate call at the right time. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajendra Shah from Fidelity, 
please go ahead. 
Rajendra Shah 
Shastri Ji, good afternoon. I was just wondering how all the trouble that BSNL 
caused, how has that thing resolved? 
C.K. Shastri 
I do not want to take a name of the client but you know it is one of those like you 
say the Blackthorn Events, the Supreme Court and they announcing first one thing 
and reversing their decision. Everything you know even the stars have alight to 
help us bounce back and merit is now in full steam to just to tell you that it is 
because we are at the mission as you know that now we are in a mission critical 
part of their activity; 1) is customer on-boarding which we are doing in fact we are 
ourselves surprised at the number of customers they are on-boarding. 2) the 
second thing is delivering the bills, 3) the third thing is the digital engagement. All 
are on track, Sir. 
Rajendra Shah 
As per original projections or ..? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes, as per original projections. 
Rajendra Shah 
In this case, it should reflect in the revenues and profits in next few quarters. 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes, the thing is that there has been a change in contractual terms because of the 
way customer you know the paper based on-boarding had a Rs. 5 tenancy at the 

 
digital because it is digital there is another clause, there is Rs. 2.50 so we are at 
Rs. 2.50 per customer on-boarding and so what happens is that net-net the value 
has come down but the volume then projected in the tender was 40, now we are 
going beyond 80 a day. 
Rajendra Shah 
Yes and the advertisement part will kick in from next year or? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes, we are working on it. What we have done is that we have taken a model 
where we would want to keep, see that our investments are less and our margin is 
fixed, so we are going to a third-party advertisement agencies through whom we 
want to source advertisements and share on our career model. 
Rajendra Shah 
Okay and just if you could give some broad guidance for the next one or two years, 
just broad I mean not very specific, but just over there you know keep? 
C.K. Shastri 
See, we are as much ambitious Mr. Rajendra ji, the thing is that you know I would 
definitely look at a growth of 20%, 25% year on year but we are very aggressive, 
we, see this kind of. We are IP based company, unfortunately in India IP is not very 
much respected, they do not understand products. Just to give you one of the, one 
perspective, one of our competitors in the United States just raised $360 million. 
And you know, it is not revenue, I am talking about raising the money, so there is a 
huge potential. You know for us what is happening is, it again, you know to make 
money we need money and you make money you will get money, we are in that 
synchronized story, hopefully with some good things happening we will tide over 
this and see some good future. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Edelweiss, 
please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Two questions; so one is in this quarter’s revenues are there any recognitions from 
the managed service contract? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Okay and that run rate is likely to increase in the coming few quarters, is that 
correct? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes. 
Aejas Lakhani 
Okay and Sir Telecom per say is going through, you know the industry per say is 
going through challenges and consolidation, does that put any pressure on 
collections or any business or any sort of trouble that you face in the business 
across? 
C.K Shastri 
Yes, fortunately we have not had a collection problem except as I mentioned in 
couple of calls back, in Nigeria because of currency devaluation, other than that we 
have are not seeing any such pressure. And from the perspective of pressure, 
pressure always consolidation, mergers and the acquisition throws up an 
opportunity for us, we see it from opportunity perspective and we see it by suing 
technology how they can optimize their operation’s cost and improve their bottom 
lines, that is where that is what how we help through using our technology. 
Management 
And from a collections standpoint, the pressure that we see is not from the 
business environment as such but from a process environment. So in terms of 
what the contracts specify, otherwise from the overall business environment we do 
not see impacts to our collections. 

 
Aejas Lakhani 
Okay and Sir the very large Indian Telecoms startup which you cater to, you had 
sole three products and were likely to sort of in the process of trying to speak to 
them for scaling up? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes, we are working out some more opportunities there. 
Management 
And surprisingly they speak startup language to us and they always say they are 
so cash trapped. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hari Srinivas an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead.  
Hari Srinivas 
Sir I have 3 questions and my first question has been partially answered, I just 
need little more clarity. The revenues from operations are Rs. 15 crore and Rs. 39 
crore for the last 3 months and last 9 months, respectively. Can you divide this into 
following three groups’ annuities, managed services contract and new license 
contract excluding managed services contract? 
C.K. Shastri 
See, the thing is that if you really look at it I would say everything else is the 
annuity revenues because only probably 10% could be the license, whenever we 
acquire a new customer is when we get a license thing, now if it is a cloud 
investment transaction based, it is annuity, if it is managed services transaction it is 
annuity, it is a 6 year contract. And rest of the things are AMCs and Operation 
Support which is ongoing thing which we have, so to answer that point I would say 
85-90% of the revenue is annuity. 
Hari Srinivas 
Yes, I think it makes things a little more clear, I was assuming that any revenues 
from a new client would actually be recorded in new license contract but that is not 
the case when it comes to any cloud based offering that we have, we actually call a 
new client revenues as annuity revenues. 
C.K. Shastri 
When we make announcement of the new client, for example we had the annuity 
customer from one of the world’s largest satellite company in Europe, it is an 
annuity customer. Similarly, we had made an announcement a quarter back, 
saying that we have acquired India’s second largest bank on an annuity basis, so 
once we acquire we say but when the revenues come from it, it is always 
transaction based, so it is annuity monthly revenues.   
Hari Srinivas 
And going back to Q4 of FY2018, we posted Rs. 20 crore in revenues and this was 
because most AMCs show up in Q4, so based on historical performance Q4 
always seems to be the best performing quarter, so is it fair to expect a similar 
performance in Q4 of this fiscal year? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes, we are targeting for that. We are targeting to do better than that; that is our 
goal Hari. 
Hari Srinivas 
And going back to the conference call 2 years back, in March 2017 you had 
mentioned that revenues from Europe and Middle East are recorded in standalone 
statements but costs were recorded in consolidated statements and I understand 
we spoke about this for quite some time in the last conference call but just to 
confirm, I am assuming that this has changed now and costs are also being 
recorded in standalone statements and this should explain why Other Expenses 
have gone up compared to last year, is that correct?  
C.K. Shastri 
You are absolutely right. 

 
Hari Srinivas 
So, when it comes to the other continents excluding Europe and Middle East, 
based on what you said earlier during this fiscal year we will actually make a profit, 
correct? 
C.K. Shastri 
Yes. 
Hari Srinivas 
And my last question is around the managed services contract, can you give us a 
rough guidance on either quarterly revenues or annual revenues that we can hope 
to earn going forward? 
C.K. Shastri 
See, at this point in time the predictable revenues which we have would be around 
Rs. 12-14 crore per annum from the transaction side. Today what I am not able to 
predict is the advertisement revenue. Advertisement revenue is the big up stake, 
there could be a huge upside but we are not in a state, whatever is required to do, 
we have done it, we are doing because the major advertisers especially could be 
for the contract which we have, a huge rural penetration, they could be, 
government could be a major advertiser, we are having some ambitious numbers 
inside but it is too premature and early for me to give you any predictive numbers, I 
will be able to do that once we see the traction in the next 2 quarters. We should 
start seeing, we are targeting our, we have given our field and our dreams and  
target to achieve from 1st quarter onwards because we are now in the pilot stage of 
the advertisements, already while I am speaking to you, this quarter we will be 
going live with some of their internal advertisements and so on and so forth in the 
next quarter onwards we’ll want to see that commercial advertisements come in. 
Management 
So, outside of the advertising revenue which we are not speaking about at this 
point in time, the original scope of the contract continues and so what was stated 
then will be spread across the tenure of the contract. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is a follow-up from the line of Anirban Dutta from Jet 
Age Securities. Please go ahead.  
Anirban Dutta 
Sir any further progress on identifying our strategic partner, any further thoughts on 
that? 
C.K. Shastri 
We are open Anirban the thing is that we are not in a hurry at this moment because 
the valuations at which we are, plus as we go along we will only be adding more 
and more value and more and more attractive and more valuable. There are 
people we are talking but it is not yet in a stage where it is worth speaking about at 
this moment. 
Management                And investments for the immediate future are from internal accruals.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Mantri and Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead.   
Rajesh Mantri 
I just wanted to know how are we maintaining our clients and what are we doing for 
getting new clients; that is one. And I just wanted to know what is your wireless 
dream for the next 5-10 years? 
C.K. Shastri 
We have a whole lot of process and systems to see that we keep our customers 
happy, we do annual NPS-Net Promoter Score, we do with them, we have started 
increasing our customer account managers also because these are all enterprise 
class accounts, we started engaging them and we have a whole lot of process built 
in to ensure that we have lesser escalations and we keep also doing some 
innovations to see that we are ahead of the technology curve. On the new 

 
customer acquisition side that is a good question, that is where is our biggest 
problem sales and marketing, we are going to make some investments into that 
because we just had come out of a very difficult last year, so we just bounced back 
and we started making some investments we started participating in some events 
because being an enterprise kind of a product, the big problem is the sale cycles 
are pretty long, it is anyway between 9-18 months, so we have to keep ourselves 
visible in a lot of these forums and marketing events which happen and we recently 
participated in the Gartner event in the US and we saw some good leads 
generated from them, good meetings which have happened, it is an ongoing 
exercise we will continue to do that. What we believe is that the next platform which 
is there with the global market itself creating, the biggest analysts are predicting 
that this space of high productivity platforms is going to go to about $ 27 billion by 
2021-22, we are in the right position to en-cash on that and I believe we are in the 
right space at the right time and we have to do right things to execute well, to 
ensure that we live our dreams. We have put in our entire life, for you this might be 
a script but for us it is our life, we have put, invested everything what we have into 
this and we also want to see that we become a globally renowned company 
worldwide and I am pretty confident we will be there in the next 5 years.           
Management 
And to answer your final question, going forward at least the activities that we are 
undertaking, the tasks involved internally, look at more customers outside of India 
than we probably will have, we obviously have, this is our home turf we will have 
engagements within India also but a lot of focus is also happening on the US and 
the Western European markets. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead.   
Aejas Lakhani 
Sir just a quick follow up when the managed service contract announcement was 
made it was Rs. 150 crore sort of deal which was spread over 6 years and then 
there was a delay and you mentioned that look while there is a delay and there is a 
revenue loss for a couple of years the contract size in terms of an absolute number 
year on year will relatively remain the same and you mentioned that there was a 
change in the deals where it was 40 x 5, I mean 40 crore people times Rs. 5 cost 
per acquisition, it is moved to digital so it has become Rs. 2.5 and then you were 
mentioning that the transaction revenues from this contract was likely to be 
between Rs. 12-14 crore, so I just want to get a sense that basis the transactions 
revenues you mentioned are likely to be the annuity revenue we are likely to see 
for the next 4-5 years, is that a correct understanding?  
C.K. Shastri 
Yes that is what it is and we are also hoping to see that we get an extension of 
another 3-6 years that is what we are hoping. 
Management 
And what we are also happy to notice is that from what was originally thought of and 
conceived within the managed services operator their volumes were also kind of 
going up as we mentioned their growth and subscribers also are fairly efficient. 
Moderator 
Thank you the next question is from the line of Vaibhav Joglekar, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead.  
Vaibhav Joglekar 
Congratulations Mr. Shastri on a good set of numbers, the company has been doing 
consistently doing well and I hope more and more retail investors will come in now. 
My question was in the last con call you had indicated that there are various 
products or managed services of the company, rather products of the company 
which you were not selling directly to the customers but through other companies 
and where your profit margins were obviously on the lower side because of the 

 
structure of the transaction, now is there any improvement in this aspect where you 
are directly selling your products to the end customer?  
Management 
Yes if you really look at, historically because we were so small we could not acquire, 
we didn’t have the qualification criteria to acquire clients like Idea, Vodafone and so 
on and so forth, the earlier things. So, we used to most often go through System 
Integrators like IBM, Infosys, TCS and so on and so forth but in recent times we 
started moving directly, one is the managed services you see directly, the large 
startup telecom is direct, a lot of these top-notch banks have been direct. Definitely 
by going directly you are seeing these margins happen, otherwise they would not 
have happened and it is a reflection of that. And at the same time, we have not 
stopped engaging with our system integrators, we are going through system 
integrators but at least we are in a good position to negotiate what we need to get at 
this point in time. So, we are definitely focusing now at this point in time, majorly our 
revenue is coming from our customers with direct engagements, very less from 
system integrators. 
Management 
But having said that our working mortalities are also changing with systems 
integrators, it is not as though we will not be required to depend, we will have a 
large share of our activity with systems integrators outside of India because that is 
where they have a wide reach, which we will not be able to replicate immediately 
but as Shastri said in India, over the years now with our presence we have the 
equity to go directly and which we have been doing. 
Vaibhav Joglekar 
I believe Gartner had selected you for certain products, etc. Now does the 
recognition by Gartner, does it enable the company to enter into these direct 
transactions with the customers, or again it is with these Integrated Service 
Providers? 
Management 
It has definitely helped us gain whatever we can, if we see getting a large global, 
world’s largest global satellite company in Europe or whether it is getting a large 
client like Vodafone, many of these big banks in which you have India’s largest 
bank, all these things have, this is one of the enablers, there is no doubt about it. 
Gartner endorsement really gives you a huge credibility in the market.  
Vaibhav Joglekar 
Apart from this are you also now investing in more number of employees or are you 
opening more offices worldwide, so that your reach is better?  
 
Management 
The idea is that definitely we would want to ramp up our sales and marketing at this 
point in time because if you really look at it, we have only one sales guy in Europe, 
one guy in the US, one guy in the Middle East, we do not have anybody in Australia 
and New Zealand, some of these places. So, we are looking at making the right 
investments but at the moment our focus is main you know go through large System 
Integrators because we are seeing some good traction because even with System 
Integrators the model has changed, no more it is about base hedging the service 
providers are able to do, they also have to look at innovations, speed delivery, 
agility that is what worldwide customers are asking, so there is a good interest from 
System Integrators also to work with large product and platform companies. 
Management 
And most of our future investments while there will be some investments happening 
in house for our own factory floor but most of our future investments will be outward 
focus to increase our sales and marketing reach. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today, I now hand 
the conference over to the management for their closing comments. Over to you sir.  

 
C.K. shastri 
Thank you very much everyone I really appreciate your time, please be assured that 
we are doing everything to make your company happen and we are focused on it. 
We look forward to your continued support going forward. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Intense Technologies 
Ltd. that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
