 
 
INFOSYS LIMITED 
CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115 
44, Infosys Avenue 
Electronics City, Hosur Road 
Bengaluru 560 100, India 
T  91 80 2852 0261 
F  91 80 2852 0362 
investors@infosys.com 
www.infosys.com 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
January 17, 2019 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Press Conference and Earnings Call held after the 
meeting of the Board of Directors on January 11, 2019.  
 
This information is also hosted on the Company’s website, at www.infosys.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 

 
 
 
 
“Infosys-Press conference” 
 
January 11, 2019 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer and Whole-time Director 
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
M E D I A PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
 
Rahul Dayama 
ET Now 
 
Sajeet Manghat 
BloombergQuint 
 
Fatima Mahdi 
Business Television India 
 
Kritika Saxena 
CNBC 
 
Furquan Moharkan 
Deccan Herald 
 
Varun Sood 
Mint 
 
Debasis Mohapatra 
Business Standard 
 
Nikita 
Cogenesis 
 
Arnab Paul 

2 
 
Reuters 
 
Ayan Pramanik 
Economic Times 
 
Bapu Narayankar 
PTI 
 
Rukmini Rao 
Business Today 
 
Shilpa Phadnis 
Times of India 
 
Venkatesh Ganesh 
Hindu Business Line 
 
Saritha Rai 
Bloomberg 
 

3 
 
Moderator 
We welcome you today to our third quarter results press conference. To commence, we have 
our CEO, Salil Parekh who will give a few opening remarks followed by a Q&A from the 
media. Salil over to you. 
Salil Parekh 
Good afternoon and welcome to everyone here and those who are watching as well. Wishing 
you all a Happy New Year at the very start. We have had a strong performance in Q3, 2.7% 
sequential growth in constant currency terms, 2.2% growth in reported terms. The revenue 
growth year-over-year is 10.1% and we are very excited with that. This is really a reflection of 
our unwavering focus on our clients and all of their needs. Our digital revenues also had a 
strong quarter, a growth of 33.1% YoY in constant currency and 5.0% sequential growth. 
Our core services also had a robust quarter with a growth of 1.8% sequential in constant 
currency terms. In terms of geography, we had very good growth in Europe. We also had strong 
growth in North America. In Europe we had 3.8% sequential growth and 9.8% YoY and in 
North America 2.6% sequential and 8.7% YoY growth. 
Across business segments again we saw very strong and resilient performance. Our financial 
services business has really had a strong quarter, 3.6% sequential growth and 9.4% YoY in 
constant currency terms. Even more spectacular was energy, utilities, resources and services 
growing at 7.4% sequentially and 17.3% YoY; manufacturing 7.6% sequential 16.2% YoY 
growth, a very strong performance across most of our segments. 
Our large deal wins were at $1.57 bn. Last three quarters we had strong large deal wins taking 
us to a total of $4.7 bn for the year. Operating margin was at 22.6%, this included a very strong 
investment trajectory that we have put in place in sales, in localization especially in the US and 
Europe, in Agile Digital and in reskilling. It also included a catch up on compensation and 
additional charge, which we will talk about later and an initial impact of acquisitions. Our 
operating margins were along the lines of what we had planned in our sales investments. 
Attrition for us has come down by two percentage points and we are continuing on our path of 
increased employee engagement. 

4 
 
On our subsidiaries Panaya and Skava, based on the evaluation of proposals received and the 
progress of negotiations with potential buyers, we concluded that it is no longer highly probable 
that the sale would be completed by March 31, 2019. We now plan to repurpose Skava’s 
business and refocus Panaya’s suite of products. 
Earlier in the year, I have talked about our three-year plan. We feel that we have had a strong 
first year. While these results are encouraging, we have a long way to go and these are still 
early days. We are absolutely focused on executing that plan over the next two years as well. 
On macro level, we have not seen any impact from the broad concerns that seem to be in the 
environment. We have not seen our clients change their spending trajectory so far. We are 
keeping a close watch on the developments and simultaneously focused on steadfastly 
executing our plans. Our broad suite of digital services, our deep client relationships and our 
strong deal wins give us confidence as we head into the New year 2019. 
With this strong performance during the year so far, we are revising our full year revenue 
guidance. Our new revenue guidance is 8.5% to 9.0% growth in constant currency terms. We 
retain our operating margin guidance at 22% to 24% for the full year. 
With that I will pause and open it up for any questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you Salil. Before we begin the Q&A session I would like to request our friends from 
media to ask one question per media house and we will begin with the electronic media. We 
will go first with ET Now. 
Rahul 
While revenues have come above estimates you have also revised the guidance beyond what 
the street was expecting. Margins has indeed come as a big shocker, probably the lowest in the 
last six quarters. Would you attribute it to a one-off currency tailwind? You did talk about some 
investments that you are making, so is this one-off because you have retained the operating 
margin guidance at 22% to 24%? Give us some color on that. Salil, you have completed a year 
at Infosys, what would you really describe as the biggest hits and misses during your tenure 

5 
 
because it seems like the growth is back, the momentum is back, you are inching closer to your 
rival TCS too in terms of constant currency, you might end the year on a double-digit, do take 
us through what that means? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
I will start with margin and Jayesh will add a little more color to it. We have had some one-
time impact on the margin, which Jayesh will describe. The main focus for the margin was we 
have launched an investment to drive sales. We have expanded our sales capacity, we have put 
more into digital, we are building an Agile work space, we are doing localization and that plan 
is what we are executing on. The plan is going exactly as we wanted it to and that is what is 
driving all of the sales momentum. That plan is what we have driven our margin guidance 
towards and which is what we are executing upon. 
Before I give it to Jayesh, may be just to answer the other question that you had, the first year 
I am delighted, it has gone off reasonably well. From a company perspective, we seem to be in 
a good position. Our clients have started to see increased relevance in our service offering. For 
me personally it has been a huge learning experience and a real thrill. I am delighted that the 
year has gone off well and that we have these results to report at the end of the year.  
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Coming to the margin question, you are right our margins are at 22.6% compared to 23.7%, a 
1.1% decline. As Salil mentioned, we have reclassified Panaya and Skava from assets held for 
sale. That impacted our margin by $12 million as we had to take an additional depreciation 
charge for the nine months when they were not held for sale and that impact was 40-basis 
points. In addition to that, we had 20-basis points impact coming from the new acquisitions. 
During the quarter we also had our utilization tracking lower and the onsite mix tracking higher 
which impacted margins by 80-basis points. Compensation increases which were planned, 
impacted margins by 30-basis points, the continued investments impacted margins by 30-basis 
points. These were offset by the currency benefits of 50-basis points and lower leave and other 
costs by 40-basis points totaling to 1.1% margin decline. The one-offs are the depreciation of 
40-basis points and the impact of acquisitions of 20-basis points.  

6 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from BloombergQuint. 
Sajeet 
My first question is about revenue guidance. You have raised the revenue guidance for the full 
year. Can you give some more colour on the confidence you have with respect to the higher 
guidance that you have given? Where is this demand coming in from and the execution 
capabilities which you are looking at? The second one is on EBIT margin, it is lowest in 10 
quarters for you and you are still maintaining 22% to 24% EBIT margin guidance. Are we 
going to see you ending the year at the lower end of the guidance or is there enough levers to 
go up from here? The digital piece is something that I wanted to get a feeling of because 
yesterday we saw TCS saying that in Q3 the focus was to get the deals which were coming in 
the pipeline and so they let go of some of the margins as well. Did you see the same kind of 
trend in the market? Also if you can give some colour on cross currency because that is 
something which is diverging. While you had benefit of 50 bps, your rival had a hit of currency. 
So can you give some idea on the hedging policy that you have? 
Salil Parekh 
I will start with the revenue guidance. As I have shared earlier, many of our segments are 
growing well. So you saw the performance numbers we shared, manufacturing, energy resource 
utilities and services and financial services. Across the board, we have a strong pipeline and/or 
deal wins in all of our segments. We feel confident for this full fiscal year 2019 and that is 
giving us the ability to talk about increasing the guidance. 
We also see strong wins in digital, so our digital growth is over 30%. Also our core services 
are growing and which is where we think we make a real difference in the market because we 
have an extremely competitive offer. We have a lot of artificial intelligence that we have put 
into this, we are using our NIA platform in all of the work that we are doing and that is attractive 
for our clients. The way we are looking at it, our segments are doing well, both our digital and 
core services are doing well and that is giving us some confidence for the revenue guidance. 

7 
 
On the margin, one point I will make there. We are not making any more qualifying comments 
on the margins in terms of where it is ending in the range, so it is still 22% to 24% and we are 
comfortable that that is where it is going to end. The margin that we have achieved in this 
quarter is primarily from the planned investments that we have had and the one-off that Jayesh 
mentioned. So it is something that we worked towards in making sure that we build our digital 
capability for the future and this is how we want to do it. It has got nothing to do with a one-
off impact in the quarter that suddenly happened because of some deals  
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
As Salil rightly mentioned, at the beginning of the year when we guided for margin, we had 
taken into account all the investments and the business needs and after that we had guided for 
22% to 24% as margin band. If you look at nine months into the year, we are at 23.3%. This 
gives us good confidence on the full year margin being in the range of 22% to 24%. 
Coming to your currency question, currency benefits net-off the cross currency impact as 50-
basis points as the rupee has depreciated during the quarter as against last quarter. I cannot 
really comment on why the peers did not get the currency benefit.  
Our hedging policy remains the same. On the balance sheet, we hedged net assets on a rolling 
six months’ basis and that goes into other income. It does not really impact the operating 
margin. We do take some revenue hedges to take care of the cross currencies.  
Moderator 
The next question is from BTVI. 
Fatima Mahdi 
Fatima Mahdi from Business Television India. Happy New Year to you as well. Wonderful to 
see you again. Just a couple of clarifications, one is on the total contract value of the large deals 
that we are looking at above a billion dollars, can that be sustainable? Could you tell us a little 
bit on that? Also when it comes to the open market buyback, a little bit more in terms of the 
logic behind that and also the lower buyback, could you please explain a little bit more on that? 

8 
 
And the last question would be on the 70% of the FCF payout that we are looking at, will that 
continue? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start with the large deals. What we report is not all deals, we report only the large deals 
i.e. $1.57 bn in the quarter. The pipeline today for us is very healthy. We feel good about what 
Q4 looks like in terms of large deals and the overall pipeline the way it has expanded from the 
start of the year through now. This gives us some confidence that this is looking quite good, 
for Q4 and certainly with the pipeline beyond. 
In terms of the buyback I will start and Jayesh may have more things to add. We had committed 
to return $1.6 bn in rupees converted in that rate. That is what we are now completing. It is 
comprised of two components, the buyback and the dividend. We wanted to make sure that 
both the dividend as well as the buyback looks after the interest of shareholders and that is a 
balanced way of returning capital to our shareholders. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
At the beginning of the year we had announced Rs. 13,000 crores as our total capital allocation. 
We had already done Rs. 2,600 crores through a special dividend at the beginning of the year, 
that left us with Rs. 10,400 crores. The open market offer can only allow you to buy back 15% 
of share capital plus the free reserves that comes around Rs. 8,500 crores and that is what we 
are doing, roughly Rs. 8,200 crores as buyback and the balance amount is being returned as a 
special dividend. When the board considers the method of returning capital, it considers various 
factors including EPS accretion to the company, the regulatory requirements and timelines for 
that, complexities for both company as well as shareholders. Taking to account all of this, we 
thought open market is the best method of returning which is efficient as well as returning in a 
timely manner. 
Moderator 
The next question is from CNBC. 
Kritika Saxena 

9 
 
My first question to you is on the financial services and retail. Financial services you have been 
performing, there seems to be some sense of volatility specifically in UK and Europe, are you 
seeing that amongst your clients? Is this growth in financial services maintainable, could that 
increase? And retail has been flat this quarter, is this largely because of the Q3 seasonality? 
The question to Pravin- Jayesh was talking about how utilization has fallen this time, which 
has impacted margins, what is the bandwidth you have to be able to inch that higher in the next 
couple of quarters? Also I wanted some clarity on Panaya and Skava. You said that you are 
repurposing Skava’s microservices based business and refocusing Panaya’s suite of products, 
so would there be further investment, would there be any kind of impact on margins as a result 
of that if I can get some commentary on that? Lastly, Salil you seemed to be confident, you 
said that the deal pipeline is healthy. So do you believe that as you start 2019, 2019 is looking 
better than last year and keeping in mind the fact that a lot of your global peers have said that 
there are macro headwinds around the corner and 2019 would still be a slightly weaker year. 
Pravin Rao 
I will start with financial services and retail. We had a strong performance in financial services, 
a 3.6% growth on the constant currency basis. Within financial services we had particularly 
strong growth from Finacle, we had a double-digit QoQ growth. Overall we have seen lot more 
momentum in North America this quarter. In Europe we saw some sluggishness, but that is 
mostly due to the furlough impact. Q4 is seasonally a weak quarter from the financial services 
perspective because people are still focusing on budgets and other things but we are very 
optimistic about the coming year. In the last few quarters we have had a big percentage of large 
deal wins come from financial services. In fact, in this quarter itself, four of the large deal wins 
were from financial services. We have a very strong franchise, we have got a good momentum 
both in Europe as well as in Americas across different sub segments. We remain very confident 
about the performance of financial services in the coming year.  
On retail, it was flat probably from a seasonality perspective. Considering YoY growth, it is 
almost close to a double-digit growth, we remain optimistic that the growth will come back in 
the coming quarters. Clients are spending in the areas of digital, AI, improving the store 
efficiencies, improving customer efficiencies and so on. So that kind of discretionary spend 
will still continue and we believe we will be able to capture much of that. That is on the sectors 
perspective.  

10 
 
On Panaya and Skava, on Skava what we are saying is we have had good endorsement of its 
architecture from the likes of Gartner and IDC. We have seen some instances we have to 
leverage the microservices architecture in terms of unbundling it with our digital services and 
taking to market. So we want to now focus a lot more on that and then try to drive the value 
up. That is what we are trying to do on the Skava side. 
On Panaya side, its business as usual. They have tracked to whatever plan they said in the last 
quarter. So we will continue with whatever investments we are doing on the Panaya front.  
If you look about 18 months back or so, utilization was always trending in the range of 78% to 
80%, but since then we have inched up. Every quarter we used to say it is probably the best 
utilization numbers in the history but we felt that it was not sustainable. Even though in the 
earlier quarters we had not planned for that high level of utilization but because of the demand 
we were pushing it up further. Current utilization is a planned one, we are comfortable with 
this. We feel that the utilization band anywhere from 83% to 85% is where we want to remain, 
that gives us enough flexibility to capture the demand that is out there. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Deccan Herald. 
Furquan 
Can you let us know more on revenue guidance beyond fiscal year 2019 
Salil Parekh 
Our guidance is only focused on the fiscal year which ends on March 31, 2019. I have no real 
view of the year beyond that. We are very clear that our pipeline today for this year is looking 
strong. There are macro environmental situations, we are watching that carefully. All we see is 
that for what we see now, we do not see an impact. We will see how the environment develops 
as well. 
Furquan 
What will be the impact of Panaya and Skava consolidation going forward? 

11 
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Panaya and Skava from the consolidation perspective is relatively smaller, so no additional 
impact on consolidation of those two entities. 
Furquan 
For the first part in 2019, we are steering at a No-Deal Brexit. Until now we have not had clarity 
and over and above that, we have had negative macro indicators globally, so how does the 
company see its prospects in this scenario? Probably a broader reply that you could provide? 
On the attrition and hiring front, hiring because at least the IT services companies,Tier-1 India’s 
IT companies have seen their cost per employee rising whereas the revenue per employee is 
not rising at the same rate. There is also a fear of escalation in the cost because of what is 
happening in US, the increase in protectionist measures, etc. So do we see continued hiring by 
Infosys on that front, do we see some changes in the hiring policy and the third part of the 
question, communications vertical does not seem to be doing well in this quarter, what is the 
reason behind that? 
Salil Parekh 
On what we see in terms of the macro Brexit or otherwise, again from the fiscal 2019 
perspective we just see one more quarter. We see that there is no immediate change in what we 
see with the client buying behavior. However, the macro environment is visible to everyone 
and so we will watch out and see how that develops. Once we get into this quarter and start to 
close out the year, that is when we look more seriously at what the full year guidance for the 
next fiscal year will be. 
Pravin Rao 
On the hiring front, obviously the hiring is in line with the demand and we have seen a marginal 
improvement QoQ on our revenue productivity. To some extent that will have an impact on 
the number of hiring because we are able to do more with less. Nevertheless, we have had more 
than $1 bn of large deal wins in the last three quarters, many of this will flow through in the 
coming year. So we believe that we will continue to do the hiring. Even in US in the last couple 
of years we have established our localization, so far we have recruited about 7,500 locals. We 

12 
 
had made a commitment of 10,000 over two years; we have recruited about 7,500 in the last 
18 months or so, out of it close to 2,000 are from campuses, so it is going well. The utilization 
is fairly good. Our focus is on continuing the trend to de-risk against the protectionist or visa 
issues. So hiring is normal from that sense.  
Related to the communication vertical, this quarter on a constant currency basis, it degrew 
0.5%, but on the back of some of the deals that we have won in the last couple of quarters, we 
will see that trajectory change. At least in the coming quarters, you will probably see a much 
better growth from the communications vertical. Overall from an industry perspective we do 
see challenges, though on the back of wins we do expect some better performance. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Mint. 
Varun Sood 
Sir two questions, firstly, a couple of quarters back you discontinued from giving your service 
offerings, whether be it from BPO side or infra side or consulting side. Infosys used to, but I 
believe in the last couple of quarters, there must have been some thought process that you have 
stopped sharing. If you could just help us where exactly is this growth coming from. When you 
say digital, there is another data metric in your fact sheet which says the onsite and offshore. 
Onsite has sequentially declined over the last six-seven quarters despite digital going up, how 
do you reconcile these two numbers; so that is the first question. I will come to the second 
question later sir 
Salil Parekh 
On the service line growth, we had a strong growth in what we call our CIS business (Cloud 
Infrastructure business), as one component of digital. We had a good growth on BPM. We see 
the service line growth is also broad-based, much like our segment growth. There isn’t any one 
thing, which has shot up materially while the others have stagnated. The overall feeling we 
have is that with the way we positioned our portfolio especially on digital and one of the five 
components of our digital portfolio that seems to have resonance with our clients. Equally on 

13 
 
our core services, we see some of our standard services also growing well this quarter. So the 
growth in that sense is broad-based. 
In terms of the onsite mix vis-à-vis digital, we see that we have not shared the margin externally 
but our digital business is actually a higher margin business than the average of the company. 
So it is not that we see being relatively more onsite or offshore, it has got different flavours 
with different elements of the digital. So for example, the digital studio work that we do, that 
has much more onsite but there are other elements of digital, which have a more balanced view 
of onsite and offshore. So we do not see a correlation necessarily between those two 
parameters. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Just to add to what Salil said, at the same time we are also driving on the core business, even 
more offshoring and that is what is bringing the onsite effort down as a percentage of revenue. 
Varun Sood 
Sir just the last question here, what has really changed at Infosys over the last 12 months under 
your watch? I just want to understand in simple terms. Is it that the macroeconomic 
environment is much better and perhaps all large IT companies are benefiting out of it or there 
is a perception that Infosys is perhaps dropping prices to win large deals, is that correct? What 
has really changed that we see pretty impressive growth, which has not been seen over the last 
two to three years. Margins is okay, margins can be taken care by a large company but revenue 
growth is pretty impressive, what has really changed?  
Salil Parekh 
I will talk about what we are doing. First, we set out a very clear agenda on what we want to 
do with our clients, with our ‘Navigate your Next’ approach. We then define very clearly five 
elements of digital, which is where clients want to buy more and more from Infosys. We have 
longstanding relationships where they trust Infosys with their tech work. We have a deep 
understanding of their tech landscape because of these relationships. So when digital starts to 
go to Scale, we are benefiting because of our portfolio has all of those elements and they are 
ready to buy from someone they trust, which is Infosys. 

14 
 
In addition, we have made investments in sales- first in sales capacity, then in the way we are 
driving our account work and a new market development work and what we are investing in 
digital in terms of the specialists. Then we made investments in rekitting our business to more 
agile workspaces, reskilling our employees to much more of the digital skills. So all of those 
things put together and a little bit more intensity in the market has helped us win back some 
trust of our clients. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Business Standard. 
Debasis 
Happy New Year Sir and congratulations on your increased compensation. I wanted to 
understand two to three things. Firstly, yesterday your larger peer had flagged off concerns 
regarding subcontracting cost rising. I wanted to understand that how do we see this trajectory 
of subcontracting cost going ahead as we enter 2019 and FY2020. You have already around 
7,500 people across US and you have a target of increasing to 10,000, so want to see some 
colour on that? And secondly on the TCV (Total Contract Value) can you give some picture 
on that vis-à-vis the last quarter. You seem to be very optimistic and Infosys is saying that 
nothing has actually changed on the client’s spending side. And thirdly out of these TCVs how 
much is actually renewals and how many are the new deals. Sometime back McKinsey had 
come on board to advice you on the sales side. I want to understand exactly what has conspired 
or what has actually come out of it. My last question on the Panaya and Skava’s side, I want to 
understand the accounting treatment on that because you have given provisions in the first two 
quarters and you have again provided for, I want to understand what is networth of these 
companies now at this point of time?  
Salil Parekh 
Let me try and recall that the first one was on subcontractors, I do not have a view beyond 
March 31, 2019 so we are only talking about fiscal 2019. Our view is we have a strong demand 
in the market today. We have a subcontractor percentage of 7.3% for 9 months, which is higher 
than it has been in some past quarters. We are working towards building a model which 

15 
 
understands and addresses this demand more holistically but these things are not something 
that will be addressed in one quarter itself. We have a very comprehensive approach on 
fulfillment and that will be something that we will work on over the next several quarters and 
that will have an impact on all of the parameters. 
On TCV, we had over $2 bn in Q2; we had $1.57 bn in Q3 in these wins. As of now the pipeline 
is looking quite strong for us. So we feel good. But clearly we can see when we meet clients or 
read, macro environment is changing. All I am saying is in what we see today and especially 
what we see in the very near future which is for this fiscal year, we remain confident of the 
guidance we have given and the approach we are taking.  
Pravin Rao 
This quarter, around 70% of the deal wins were renewals. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Coming to the accounting treatment for Panaya and Skava, when we were holding these assets 
for sale, the intangibles that we hold are now depreciated and therefore we had to take a $12 
mn additional charge of depreciation relating to the period when they were held for sale. In 
addition, when we declassified both Panaya and Skava from assets held for sale, we had to re-
measure them for a recoverable value based on the business plan and the business plan that 
Salil talked about repurposing the business, we revalued Skava lower than the carrying value 
and then we had to take an impairment charge on that of $65 mn. This is the additional charge 
that we took in the financial statement. This is only for Skava. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Cogencis. 
Nikita 
You said that subcontracting, a higher percentage is something that cannot be solved in a single 
quarter but what is the timeline that you are looking at. Also you said that the demand is robust, 

16 
 
could you be spending more on hiring in the US just to fulfill that demand, will that be your 
priority or will cost optimization also be considered along the way? 
Pravin Rao 
On the subcontracting front, it is always an element of fulfillment for us. The choice is, 
sometimes subcontracting is done in a short-term to fulfill this, either you do not have the right 
skills readily available or most of it is primarily onsite. Today given the visa issues and 
challenges, our ability to depute people quickly from offshore to onsite is not as flexible as it 
used to be in the past. So we have to use subcontracting as a short term lever to make sure that 
we fulfill the demand. Once we have subcontractors, there is always a programm where we can 
always rotate them out over a period of time. So it is function of demand versus readymade 
talent that we have and it is difficult to predict when it will end or anything. But it is very 
important element of our fulfillment strategy. So that is on the subcontracting front. 
Second one on the demand, one of the metrics is onsite-offshore. That has not significantly 
changed. We have been growing over several quarters. Even though we have had visa issues 
and other things, our ability to fulfill the demand retaining the same onsite offshore ratio is that 
we have been successful in terms of recruiting both onsite and offshore. So that process will 
still continue. So we do not see any impact from that. We are building a pyramid onsite. In the 
past, when we sent deputees we were not differentiating between compensation of deputees 
versus locals. Even when we hired local experience, the locals come at the same salary range 
as the deputees, so there is no difference. It is only a function of utilization. As long as we 
maintain good utilization we do not see any impact on the market. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Reuters. 
Arnab 
Given the possible macro headwinds in 2019, which segments pose the major challenges and 
subsequently, which segments pose as growth drivers? 
Salil Parekh 

17 
 
On the macro headwinds, it is early to say what the evolution of macro will be. What we see is 
that for fiscal 2019, we have a clear view on where we think we will end the year. On the rest 
of the year which is our fiscal 2020, we will start to have a better view as Q4 develops and as 
we get more granular on what is going on with the macro. Today there are a lot of different 
discussions, none of the client discussions with us indicate something has changed but 
obviously we are part of the environment. So we read, understand and interact and as we go 
through our Q4, we will have a better view for the next fiscal. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the Economic Times. 
Ayan 
Sir couple of questions clubbed. If you look at the top 10 and top 25 clients, on a sequential 
basis there has been a decline, if you can tell me what is the reason behind that? Could you 
please give clarity on the $1.5 bn large deals, how much of it is digital and how much of it is 
core. Additional to that, is you have already mentioned about the pyramid structure, do you 
expect hiring in the US to impact the margin going forward and in the next quarter? 
Pravin Rao 
The client metrics are very stable in this quarter. Any impact you see is mostly from furloughs, 
because in some clients you will see more furlough impact and in some industry we will see 
more than the other, so you should not read too much in to it. The metrics are stable. As I said 
earlier, when we used to send more deputees from here to fulfill roles, we were not 
differentiating on compensations. Similarly when we recruit people onsite we are not really 
differentiating from a salary perspective. So technically all things being same, we will not see 
much impact on the margins. Only it is a function of utilization because in the past in a slowing 
economy it would be easier to send people back home but in the US you may have to carry a 
bench in bad times. But barring that we do not anticipate any impact on the margins. More 
importantly unlike in the past, now we have started building pyramid in the US as well. So that 
would help in derisking in the eventuality of any slowdown. So we do not anticipate any margin 
impact from salaries on our localization strategy. 

18 
 
Ayan 
And on the $1.5bn deal if you could give clarity on digital and core? 
Pravin Rao 
We do not normally give that split 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of PTI. 
Bapu 
Salil, this question is for you. We still did not forget that Nandan had said “I will make Infosys 
a boring company”. Let me try to make it interesting by asking this question. Nandan Nilekani 
has been given a new job of being on RBI panel, he is also heading other panels. Also Lok 
Sabha elections are staring at us, as he had fought the elections last year. Has he intimated 
anything to the company about his future plans because it affects the company and the 
investors? My next question is what are the reasons for profits dipping YoY and my third 
question is when will PTI get an interview of Salil? Because I have been trying for the last six 
months. 
Salil Parekh 
Let me first answer the questions from PTI. So on the first question, I think it is best to ask 
Nandan the points you asked. From my discussion with Nandan, he is very engaged as a Non-
Executive Chairman of the company and things are going well in terms of everything that he 
is doing in driving this company forward. In terms of the margin, Jayesh will give you a little 
bit more colour but what we have explained, what the specific elements are, that have 
contributed to the way the margin has evolved. For example the one-off that has come from 
Panaya and Skava, for example the significant investments that we are making in sales, in 
digital, in Agile workspaces, in localization and some change in the utilization. Those are the 
main elements which are changing the margin profile. 

19 
 
In terms of the interview, I have been caught up a little bit with all of our client activity. 
Hopefully I will have a bit more time in the coming quarters. I will definitely make sure that 
we have a discussion about this. At this stage our focus is mainly on working with our clients 
and with the company. But I will make sure that we spend more time. 
Moderator 
The next question from Business Today. 
Rukmini 
I have a question each for Pravin and Jayesh. Sir you just mentioned that you will be 
repurposing Skava and also Panaya to increase its value assets. So has the idea of divesting 
these assets completely be done away with or if the market is willing to buy these assets at 
some point in time, will you still be willing to divert that. Jayesh, one you have also spoken 
about reversal of about Rs. 1,400 crores of the APA provisioning that was done but still the 
income tax expenses have gone up Y-o-Y, just an understanding of why it is almost up by about 
80%, I want to understand have the effective tax rates gone up or what is happening. 
Salil Parekh 
Our attention today is on making sure that we refocus what we are doing in Skava and drive it 
to areas which will become more beneficial for the shareholders and for the company. On 
Panaya to give a different direction to the products suite that they have. Beyond that we have 
not looked at what that future will hold, but we are going to make sure we do that over the next 
few quarters. We are not looking at any of those things at this time. We are really focused on 
getting the direction change for those two. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
And to answer your question on the reversal of tax provision that actually relates to last year. 
So last year Q3, we had a reversal of $225 mn or Rs 1,400 crores and as a result you will see a 
YoY increase of tax provision this year. 
Moderator 

20 
 
The next question is from the Times of India. 
Shilpa 
Last quarter you signed $2 bn in large deal wins, this quarter it was $1.5 bn, large part of it was 
renewals. Can you help us with the commentary, on the net new wins what are you seeing in 
the market? 
Salil Parekh 
Again to go back to how the quarter has evolved for us, we have seen strong growth in digital 
and also in our core services business. A lot of new wins that we see both last quarter and this 
quarter, of Q2 and Q3, are coming from a comprehensive stitching together of digital from 
multiple activities within it. So these are not point projects anymore. It is a comprehensive suite 
of digital work and in many cases redesigning architectures or completely changing the way 
the IT landscape looks for the new wins. Also sometimes we are seeing some new work as an 
example in some new geographies which is coming across both digital and core services. The 
real focus or real change is the larger deal flows that we see on the digital side. 
Shilpa 
Can you also help us understand what the conversion ratio for these large deals is annually? 
Otherwise it is just a pretty number sitting on the books? 
Salil Parekh 
In the past, we have not shared the lifecycle of the deals. We are typically not internally looking 
at things which are very long duration. We have a very short duration view of these deals but 
we do not disclose this specific number of how many years those deals are for. 
Shilpa 
One last question, many of these large deals come with lean margins, does it pose additional 
pressure on your margin profile given that you are making sharper investments in your 
localization efforts? 

21 
 
Salil Parekh 
For us, the margin discussion or the investments are coming from our sales investments, from 
localization, not localization because of the deals, localization because we are building out a 
new pyramid, a new approach, so we want to make sure we invest in that. They are also coming 
on the other areas I talked about - on agile, on developing digital specialists within our business. 
When we have large deals, there is always a period of transition and that transition on any deal 
large or small, is a time where we ramp up how we work on it. But outside of that there is no 
difference in the way we look at it. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the Hindu Business Line. 
Venkatesh 
Just a couple of questions on the digital part, we have seen rapid increase in the proportion of 
digital revenues in the overall pie. So would the proportion be one time or is it a sustainable 
revenue visibility given kind of deal pipeline you have on digital or are these typically one off 
projects that you execute? As one analyst put it, is this digital growth coming at the expense of 
the traditional offerings as he colorfully put it as the case of the head of the snake eating the 
tail, so is it like that? And the last question on fixed price projects, your proportion of fixed 
price revenue has actually increased, is it to do with one time projects or is it going to be tilted 
towards fixed price? 
Salil Parekh 
On digital, typically there are not as many multi-year managed services deals as we see in core 
services. Having said that, they are not only one off, there are many times for example when 
we do a cloud program with a client, it is a very sustainable medium term programm with 
different elements of the programm. 
Pravin Rao 

22 
 
Today when clients look at their IT budgets, they are looking at two parts, one is ‘run the 
business’ and ‘change the business’. Everywhere across industries they are looking at how do 
they take cost out from ‘run the business’ and repurpose into ‘change the business’. So it is not 
one or the other. You are not getting something on the ‘run the business’ and doing only on the 
digital side because even when you want to take cost out of ‘run the business’, you have to 
come up with a strategy to take cost out. Anything you do on ‘change the business’, people 
today are calling it digital and that is where we have an opportunity. So it is the same IT budget, 
people are trying to do more on ‘change the business’. Historically, people used to spend about 
70% on ‘run’ and 30% on ‘change’. They are now moving more towards ‘change’ and less 
towards ‘run the business’. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
On the fixed price projects, we have consciously taken an effort to increase our fixed price 
share because it helps us deploy more automation and drive more efficiency and keep that 
benefit with us in terms of margins. So that is a conscious effort that we drive to keep increasing 
our fixed price project. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Bloomberg  
Saritha Rai 
Salil and Pravin the question is to both of you. This is the time of the year when you get pretty 
good visibility on clients’ annual IT spends. What are clients in the BFSI and in retail telecom 
space saying and across geographies what are you seeing, that is the first question? The second 
question is how does a no-deal Brexit, what you see happening if that were to come about? 
Salil Parekh 
I will start and Pravin will add more colors on the segments. Again what we see with our client 
discussions today is, there is good demand that we see in the interactions we are having with 
them. Mainly from the different portfolio of services we have, as Pravin was sharing there is a 
lot of focus on how do you have efficiency in the core service and how do you have change or 

23 
 
growth in the digital area. We have no view today beyond March 31, 2019 in terms of what we 
are going to do for next fiscal. So we have a clear view on what Q4 looks like. There are many 
discussions about the macro but there has been no change at least for now in the buying 
behaviour. We think that with all of this talk going on may be something will happen and we 
are vigilant as we watch that in the demand profile. 
On the no-deal Brexit, I think so far we have seen good traction at least with our client base in 
the UK. There have been some overall concerns with the slowing of the economy there, but 
again it has not changed anything we have seen on Q2 or Q3 as you look at our numbers. It is 
difficult to say because that scenario has changed so many times in what people think will 
eventually happen, it is difficult to have a view or planning for all of those scenarios and so we 
are watching that carefully. We have UK as a strong business for us to make sure that we are 
vigilant about any change that comes there. 
Pravin Rao 
On the budgeting front, we are seeing some conversations happening. The budget process has 
kicked in, it will take probably one or two months in this quarter for things to settle down. But 
by and large at least the messages or signals we are seeing is that from a percentage of spend 
perspective it will remain flat, it is a clear trend. We have not seen too much difference across 
industries. There will be odd clients here and there where there may be pressure and budget 
cuts, but by and large at least the signals that we are getting indicates that it will fairly be flattish 
across segments. 
Salil Parekh 
The question is about how are we looking at digital and core and how we are looking at client 
selection? On client selection we are not making any effort as you described to change the 
profile. It might be a little bit because we have made an acquisition, so there may be some 
client additions that come from the acquisition as opposed to the natural ones. Our view is we 
are building a portfolio of services which are relevant for both digital and for core. We see a 
really strong traction in digital with over 30% YoY growth and we feel good that our core is 
also growing which I think is a good signal for us that it has some relevance to our clients. On 
the margins, I would not read too much into what we are doing with digital or core or something 

24 
 
dragging it down. The specific points on the margin, as we have shared before, the one-off 
elements that Jayesh described, the investments that we all talked about whether it is in sales 
or localization and it is part of our plan that we had set out for this year. So we are still within 
our guidance 22% to 24% on the margin and we do not see that changing for this fiscal. So we 
are very comfortable with where we are on the margin in terms of the guidance and we see now 
an increased traction on the growth where we are increasing the guidance for the growth. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Thank you Salil. Thank you Pravin. Thank you Jayesh. 

 
 
 
 
 
Infosys Earnings Call 
Q3 FY 2019 
 
January 11, 2019 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer and Whole-time Director 
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
Ravi Kumar  
President, Deputy Chief Operating Officer 
 
Mohit Joshi 
President, Head - Banking, Financial Services & Insurance (BFSI), Healthcare and Life 
Sciences, Head - Infosys Brazil and Infosys Mexico 
 
 
I N V E S TO R S 
Edward Caso 
Wells Fargo 
 
Bryan Bergin 
Cowen & Company 
 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Macquarie 
 
Ashish Chopra 
Motilal Oswal 
 
Parag Gupta 
Morgan Stanley 

2 
 
 
Viju George 
JP Morgan 
 
Keith Bachman 
Bank of Montreal 
 
Srinivas Rao 
Deutsche Bank 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec 
 
Divya Nagarajan 
UBS 
 
Joseph Foresi 
Cantor Fitzgerald 
 
Georgios Kertsos 
Berenberg 
 

3 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, Sir! 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys’ earnings call to discuss Q3 FY2019 earnings 
release. Let me start by wishing everyone a very Happy New Year. This is Sandeep from the 
Investor Relations team in Bengaluru. Joining us today on this call is CEO & MD, Salil 
Parekh; COO, Pravin Rao; Interim CFO, Jayesh Sanghrajka, Presidents and other members of 
the senior management team. 
We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company during the 
quarter by Mr. Parekh followed by comments by Mr. Pravin Rao and Jayesh, subsequent to 
which we will open up the call for questions. 
Please note that anything, which we say, which refers to our outlook for the future is a 
forward-looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. A full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with 
the SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass it on to Salil Parekh. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Sandeep. Good evening and good morning everyone on the call. Wish you a very 
Happy New Year. We had a strong performance in Q3 with a 2.7% sequential growth in 
constant currency terms and 2.2% growth in reported terms. The revenue growth year-over-
year is 10.1% in constant currency. This is a reflection of our unwavering focus on the needs 

4 
 
of our clients and the clients trust in Infosys. Digital revenues had another good quarter with 
5% sequential growth and 33.1% YoY growth in constant currency terms. Our Core services 
had a robust performance this quarter with 1.8% sequential growth in constant currency 
terms. In terms of geography, North America had a growth of 2.6% sequentially 8.7% YoY, 
Europe 3.8% sequential 9.8% YoY, all of this in constant currency terms. 
We saw strong growth in our business segments. To give you a few examples, in Financial 
Services 3.6% sequential 9.4% YoY, Energy utilities, resources and services 7.4% sequential 
17.3% YoY, Manufacturing 7.6% sequential 16.2% YoY, all in constant currency. 
Once again we saw a good momentum in large deal signings. We had $1.57 billion of that in 
Q3. This shows a good trend over the past three quarters stemming from our increased 
investment in sales and a clear focus on the portfolio that supports our clients. 
Operating margins were at 22.6% in Q3. This included our continuing investment trajectory 
in sales, localization, agile and reskilling that we have indicated from the start of the year. It 
also included a catch up in compensation. All of this is as per our plan and remains a very 
strong focus for us as we reorient what we are driving in the future portfolio of the company. 
It also includes an additional charge and the impact of acquisitions. Jayesh will cover more 
details on the operating margin during his comments.  
Attrition declined by two percentage points this quarter. We are continuing on a path of 
increased employee engagement.  
Our subsidiaries Panaya and Skava, based on evaluation of proposals received and progress 
of negotiations with potential buyers, we concluded that it is no longer highly probable that 
sale would be completed by March 31, 2019. We now plan to repurpose Skava’s business and 
refocus Panaya’s suite of products. 
Earlier in the year I talked about our three-year roadmap, and the results so far are 
encouraging. These are still early days and we are focused on executing on our three-year 
plan.  
There are macro level concerns in the environment but we have not seen as of now clients 
alter their spending plans or trajectory. We are keeping a close watch on external 

5 
 
development and simultaneously focused on steadfast execution of our plans. Our broad suite 
of digital services and deep client relationships and a strong deal win give us confidence as 
we head into the New Year of 2019. With a strong performance during the year we are 
revising our full year revenue growth guidance to 8.5% to 9% in constant currency terms. We 
retain our operating margin guidance at 22% to 24% for the full year. With that I will request 
Pravin to give details on the business segments and other key areas. 
Pravin Rao 
Hello everyone. Let me extend my wishes to everyone for a great 2019 ahead.  
We had broad based momentum during the quarter. This led to YoY growth crossing 10% in 
constant currency terms at overall level and also for Retail, Energy, utilities, resources and 
services, Manufacturing and HiTech at the segment level. Volume grew 2.6%, which is good 
considering that Q3 is a seasonally weak quarter. Client additions were particularly strong 
with 101 new client additions, partly aided by Fluido acquisitions. Top client matrix was 
stable during the quarter. Attritions, which have been an important area of our focus, declined 
by 2.1% to 17.8% at the standalone level and by 2.3% to 19.9% at the group level. Gross 
additions of employees were over 18,700 in Q3 almost similar to Q2 levels. Employee count 
at the end of the quarter were over 225,000. We had 14 large deal wins during the quarter 
with a TCV of $1.57 billion. Ten deals were in Americas, three in Europe and one in rest of 
the world. Vertical wise four deals each were in FSI and Manufacturing, two in 
Communication and one each in Retail, Life Sciences, EURS and Other business segments. 
Client budget for 2019 are progressing as per normal time lines in most large verticals. 
Overall budgets are expected to be flattish with higher allocation towards newer areas 
focused on change the business segment. Now let me give some colour on the various 
business segments. 
Financial services sector continues to grow on the back of sustained momentum in client 
spend and ramp up of previous wins. You are seeing momentum in new account acquisitions 
and expansion of accounts opened recently. Strength in Americas was driven by robust deal 
wins and market share gains in our top accounts. However, Europe performance was weaker 
in the last quarter primarily due to impact of furloughs. Clients continue to increase spend in 
digital, analytics, cloud, cyber securities and other new technology domains. Sequential 

6 
 
performance in retail segment was affected by seasonal weakness. Our increase in focus on 
digital transformation led deals in subsegments like CPG, transportation, logistics, apparels, 
consumer tech, etc., is resulting in a steady increasing deal wins and deal pipeline. We have 
seen increased client interest in cyber security, cloud, analytics, retail store ops and 
infrastructure outsourcing. Clients are countering the Amazon effect by implementing 
multiple strategies focusing on customer experience and convenience. 
Communication sector remains under pressure due to sector specific headwinds; however, 
that also opens up new opportunities for outsourcing to improve efficiency and reduced cost. 
Our performance remained relatively steady even in a seasonally weak quarter due to ramp 
up of previous deal wins and we expect further momentum in the coming quarter. We have 
seen increased interest in areas like cyber security, customer experience, 5G, analytics, cloud 
comporting etc. 
Energy, utility, resources and services segment continued its strong momentum with ramp up 
in the previous deal wins and was led by Utilities in Europe and Services in Americas. While 
Energy and Resources segments are feeling the pinch of lower oil and commodity prices, our 
growth was supported by strong client spends. Customer service and digital experience 
transformation remains a top agenda for Utility sector along with focus on cloud migration, 
RPA, digitization of legacy systems and smart grid. Energy companies continue to invest in 
IoT, RPA and digital oil field concepts to enhance efficiency and reduce cost. 
We had strong growth in the manufacturing segment despite seasonality. Discretionary 
spending is being directed towards digital, e-commerce, analytics, cloud. Auto companies are 
focused towards investment in autonomous technology, electric vehicle technologies and 
green initiatives. Aerospace and defense companies are optimizing spend in core areas while 
industrial manufacturing companies are spending towards integration of digital platform, 
modernization of legacy systems and IoT. We have a healthy pipeline of deals and new 
account openings across geographies.  
Life Sciences performance remains flattish due to seasonal factor and weakness in selective 
clients while healthcare witnessed stronger performance. 

7 
 
Coming to digital, we are seeing good traction in our digital strategy and this portfolio is 
progressively commanding larger share of overall revenue. Digital is already growing at a 
faster rate across client verticals and geographies. We are accelerating our digital journey 
through focused investments in learning, design studios, live labs and by building a team of 
digital strategists. We have been rated as ‘Leaders’ in many of the services across the digital 
pentagon in recent analyst ratings, which is a testimony for the quality and maturity of our 
offerings. With this I will pass on to Jayesh. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you Pravin. Hello everyone, wish you all a very Happy New Year.  
Let me start by giving key highlights for Q3. During the quarter, we had a strong sequential 
revenue growth of 2.7% in constant currency terms and 2.2% in reported terms. This is also 
the highest sequential growth in Q3 in the last six years driven by growth in all geographies 
and most business segments. Our YoY growth in constant currency terms crossed 10% after 
10 quarters. Operating parameters in Q3 were healthy, utilization excluding trainees was at 
83.8% compared to 85.6% in Q2. The drop in utilization is mainly on account of furloughs. 
Revenue productivity per employee was stable sequentially despite furloughs. Onsite mix 
increased by 30 basis points to 28.7% as a result of deals won in recent quarters. We had 
another quarter of solid large deal wins at $1.6 billion, which took the total TCV for nine 
months to $4.7 billion. This is more than double of $2.2 billion that we won in nine months 
of FY2018.  
Operating margin in Q3 was at 22.6% compared to 23.7% last quarter. During the quarter, 
drop in utilization and higher onsite mix impacted operating margin by 80 basis points, 
compensation increases impacted margins by 30 basis points, continuous sales investment 
impacted margins by another 30 basis points and acquisition impacted margin by 20 basis 
points. Further due to the declassification of Panaya and Skava from assets held for sales, we 
had additional depreciation charge of $12 million impacting margin by 40 basis points 
pertaining to nine months when these assets were held for sale. These are partly offset by 
benefits of rupee depreciation and revenue hedges of 50 basis points and benefit of lower 
leave cost and reduction in other expenses of 40 basis points resulting in 1.1% decline in 
operating margin over Q2. 

8 
 
Operating margins for nine months were at 23.3%, which is the upper half of the FY2019 
guidance of 22% to 24%. Q3 witnessed significant currency volatility with rupee depreciating 
by 1.6% against US dollar on a quarter average basis but appreciating by 3.7% on a period 
end basis. Our effective hedging programme ensured that we had 14 consecutive quarters of 
gains in non-operating income, we had a hedge book of $2.1 billion at the end of the quarter. 
Yield on other income was 7.81% in Q3 as compared to 7.53% in Q2. DSO for the quarter 
stood at 67 days compared to 66 days in Q2 and 70 days in Q3 of last year. Cash generation 
in Q3 continued to be strong with operating cash flows at $610 million and free cash flows at 
$534 million. Operating cash flows for first nine months were at $1,679 million and free cash 
flows were at $1,446 million. Cash generation for the nine months had declined compared to 
the same period last year mainly on the account of lower interest income as a result of $2 
billion share buyback that concluded in December 2017. 
Let me now come to capital allocation. In April 2018 we had announced distribution of 
Rs.13,000 Crores to investors for FY2019 out of the cash and balance sheet. Out of this we 
had already paid out Rs.2,633 Crores through special dividends in June 2018. Out of the 
remaining Rs.10,367 Crores, the Board has recommended a buyback of Rs.8,260 Crores at a 
maximum buyback price of Rs.800 per share. The balance amount of approximately Rs.2,100 
Crores will be paid out as special dividend amounting to dividend per share of Rs.4. 
Coming to guidance; driven by better than expected 8.1% constant currency growth in the 
first nine months of the year compared to nine months of FY2018, we have revised FY2019 
guidance to 8.5% to 9% in constant currency terms. We are maintaining our FY2019 
operating margin guidance band at 22% to 24%. We expect Q4 operating margins to be 
impacted due to rupee appreciation, targeted compensation corrections, continued 
investments in business and initial margin impact due to transition and ramp up of recently 
won deals. With that we can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. Ladies and gentleman, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question is from the line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go 
ahead. 

9 
 
Edward Caso 
Two questions, one if you could update us on your localization efforts, how far are you 
along? Have you increased, decreased your targets now that you have had some experience 
rolling out the new facilities. My other question is if you could just give us more color on the 
Skava, Panaya moves? What has changed, what are the plans going forward?  
Ravi Kumar  
I am going to take the question on localization. So we are on track to what we said in May 
2017 where we said we are going to hire 10,000 US jobs, we have pretty much done 7,600 
plus. We have opened five hubs now, we have announced six of them and we have opened 
five of them and we have hired 2,000 plus school grads - campus hires .So it is all on track, 
we have not changed our original estimate, which we said first. So this is going pretty well 
and a lot of learning in the last 18 months or so has been essentially on the track that we have 
to get campus hires on board, train them with partnerships from universities - almost like a 
finishing school, and then move them into live projects. The centers we have established is to 
transition work into agile development scrum teams and co-innovate with clients. That has 
happened very well as well. So we are on track on localization. I am going to hand over the 
second question to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
On Panaya and Skava, as I shared in my statement earlier, the approach we have taken is, as 
we looked at the proposals we had, we came to the conclusion there would not be sale by 
March 31, 2019. With that in mind and with the accounting guidelines, we have classified 
them outside of assets held for sale. We are now refocusing on the work that we do in Skava 
and we are reorienting the products within Panaya. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 

10 
 
Just a quick followup on the Panaya and Skava, was there a revenue impact from the quarter 
now they been reclassified and then the depreciation impact is that onetime due to the catch 
up from a prior period, or it is an ongoing expense now the level you see here? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
There is no additional revenue coming out of Panaya and Skava on account of 
declassification. The revenue from Panaya and Skava used to always be part of our revenue 
even though they were held for sale, so there is no change there. The depreciation is 
depreciation on the intangibles. When you hold an asset for sale you do not really charge 
depreciation on that on that so we had to do a catch up for nine months when these assets 
were held for sale and the $12 million or 40 basis points represents that depreciation. That is 
one time. 
Bryan Bergin 
I wanted to ask on the BFSI can you give us details on the banking vertical across the key 
regions for you, the demand drivers and the outlook? 
Mohit Joshi 
As was mentioned in the introductory notes growth was fairly consistent across geographies 
and across sub verticals. We saw some bit of a slowdown in Europe because of some end of 
quarter furloughs. Insurance was very strong and Finacle was extremely strong. We had a 
double-digit growth in Finacle. The only place where we are seeing some sort of a slowdown 
is on the buy side because of the significant drop in assets under management just in Q3. 
Otherwise strong growth across geographies, across sub verticals and a fairly significant 
opportunity for us especially given the Finacle presence as well. As a large number of banks 
across the world look at fundamental business model changes, so that is it. That is the short 
summary.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from Macquarie. Please 
go ahead. 

11 
 
Abhishek Bhandari 
My question is more around the margin, while the nine-month margin has been 23.4%, we 
have left the full year guidance unchanged at 22% to 24%. That leaves a very wide range for 
fourth quarter. I understand you mentioned some of the incremental wage corrections you 
have to do but if you could give us some more colour of the reason behind keeping such a 
wide range, which is almost 4% point from the lower end to the higher end? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
We have not really changed margin guidance every time in the past as well. What we have 
said right now as well as at the beginning of the year, we gave a guidance of 22% to 24% that 
was after taking into account all the investments and business needs. The first nine months of 
the year is at 23.3% and I have already laid out some of the headwinds in terms of 
compensation, continued investments and so on, but we cannot really give a specific 
guidance for the quarter. 
Abhishek Bhandari 
My second question continuing over here is Ravi mentioned that you have hired close to 
7,600 out of targeted 10,000 people in US, so is it fair to assume that a bulk of our US 
investments would probably be done over the next two or three quarters? 
Ravi Kumar  
Not really. This is a sustained effort, and as a part of our operating model, we would like to 
continue hiring in the US from schools, building a training infrastructure around it and then 
actually building a natural pyramid onsite as well. So this is a sustained effort. It is going to 
continue as we go forward. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Chopra from Motilal Oswal 
Securities Limited. Please ago ahead. 
Ashish Chopra 

12 
 
I wanted to get some colour on the investments if Salil could help. So what we have seen is 
that while the localization efforts have been resetting the cost base at a higher level, how 
should we really think about the operating leverage from some of these investments kicking 
in because when we see the margins, we see a lot of one offs and we see a lot of investments 
but not as much of an impact coming in from pricing. So do you see that that there will have 
to be longer gestation before we start seeing a good growth feeding into the margins or could 
that happen may be sometime in a few quarters? 
Salil Parekh 
In terms of the investment and then reading into your question, the view on the margins going 
ahead – first, for the fiscal 2019 we had set out a fairly definitive investment plan. We started 
tracking much better by Q2 and in Q3 we are now very well tracking to those investments. 
These investments we had planned at that stage for fiscal 2019. We do not see that we are 
going to do incremental investments in fiscal 2020. We see the benefits on sales and on 
localization already start to come through as you have seen in our sales trajectory and our 
revenue guidance. For fiscal 2020, at this stage we are not giving any view on what the 
margin or the revenue outlook is. We have been quite clear that these are investments that 
bring us in a mode which is building more relevance to our clients now and that they are not 
investments that are incremental and that keep happening over a period of time. 
Ashish Chopra 
That is helpful and just one more question from my side. I think Pravin was eluding during 
the media briefing on the change that is happening and onsite in the form of a lower 
utilization and in the form of pyramid that has been building up, if you could just share some 
additional colour on quantitatively how would the utilization rates now compare versus in the 
past as a result of this exercise? 
Pravin Rao 
In the onsite, we have not seen too much change in the utilization so far. We typically operate 
at a high level of utilization. I was responding to state that in the earlier model we used to 
depute people from here to onsite but we were paying the same compensation as the local 

13 
 
hire, so there is no margin impact because of change in that. The only difference would be in 
the earlier model, in case of lower economic activity you would have the ability to send 
people back to India during bench time whereas in the new model where we are increasing 
the reliance on more local hires, it probably will carry a larger bench. But to de-risk that we 
are also building a pyramid onsite and Ravi talked about, we have already recruited close to 
2,000 people (college hires). We have been able to deploy them at a fairly good utilization. 
So as long as they have good growth I do not see any impact on utilization. Utilization 
continues to remain high onsite. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Parag Gupta from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Parag Gupta 
I just had two questions first one to Salil, you talked about your strategy last year and also in 
your analyst day, you talked about the company going through the phase of consolidation, 
stability and then acceleration and acceleration being in the third year? Now given the kind of 
demand environment you are seeing today, which is also evident from pretty strong deal wins 
that you have been seeing over the last three quarters, is there a possibility that the 
acceleration can actually happen faster than you were earlier expecting or would you still 
hold on to your third year being the year of acceleration? The second related question is you 
did mention about some sluggishness in Europe especially in BFSI due to end of quarter 
furloughs, are you also seeing clients holding back on spends or taking longer to make 
decisions because of what they are seeing in the marketplace or do you think that is not really 
the case and these spends can actually come back pretty quickly?  
Salil Parekh 
On the first question we are still planning to execute on that three-year plan. We have seen 
that we have been fortunate to build client trust and win significant deals in Q2 and Q3. But it 
is a comprehensive three-year plan which we will go through in a very systematic way to 
execute upon, so we stick with that plan in that sense. Of course as some of the deals have 
come in Q2, Q3 and we see a good pipeline today for Q4, we have raised our revenue 

14 
 
guidance for the full year in fiscal 2019. Outside of that the focus will remain on making sure 
that we are watching out for all of the macro developments that I referred to in my opening 
comments as well as in parallel we execute upon that three-year plan. For financial services I 
will request Mohit to give a quick comment on the European point. 
Mohit Joshi 
Thank you Salil. I think on financial services the only comment that I had made was that we 
saw relative to the strong performance in the Asia Pacific region and relative to strong 
performance in the US, we saw relative weakness in the Europe portfolio and that was not 
because of a drop off in volume or a drop off in orders. That was largely because of some 
unanticipated furloughs towards the end of the quarter. I do not expect as of now for this to 
be a trend or for us to see this as a sign of ongoing weakness in Europe. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Viju George from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Viju George 
I had a couple of questions on financial services. Mohit, you have alluded in the past that 
interest rates moving up can be net positive for your clients and therefore your business? If 
the trajectory of interest rate softens in the US, do you think the contrary can happen that 
there could be some pressure or softness that could surface through CY2019? 
Mohit Joshi 
Absolutely Viju, that is possible. If the expected rate hikes by the Fed do not happen, then 
banks will clearly need to take a relook at their budgets. Like we have said that the spend will 
depend on the broader macroeconomic environment and the interest rates are clearly one part 
of it. The second part, which I had referred to in a response to an earlier question is you have 
already seen a fairly significant drop in assets under management just because of the 
downward pressure on the indexes and you have already seen that for some buy side players 
they are taking a relook at their budgets. 

15 
 
Viju George 
The other question was more on large integrated deals. I am not trying to be subtle here but I 
think that the big difference probably in growth rates between TCS and you this year has 
been the ability to stitch together a very large platform based may be digital integrated deals 
clearly that is where Infosys is putting its resources, how satisfied are you with the efforts 
made in that direction so far and what do you do think remains to be done to close that gap? 
Salil Parekh 
I will speak for what we are doing in this regard specifically. First, we have made significant 
investments in scaling up our sales capacity, putting together digital specialists, driving skill 
set and portfolio in the five elements of the Pentagon that define our digital approach. We 
believe that some of what we are seeing in terms of traction is coming from our ability to do 
multiple components of digital and in many cases build upon our core services and platform 
base to win some of these large deals. We think our capabilities are quite strong. In terms of 
how satisfied I am, of course, we feel the performance is strong but I am never really fully 
satisfied because there is always more to do and we are going to make sure that we keep our 
focus on that to have larger and larger deals both on core services and on digital. 
Viju George 
Lastly, Jayesh some margin headwinds possibly in Q4 for the bunch of factors, is there 
something that is additional to Q4 of this fiscal versus the normal Q4 that you see? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Well Viju that is correct because we have some targeted compensation this Q4, which was 
not in the last Q4. Salil talked about investments and we have said earlier the rate of 
investments in the H2 is higher than the rate of investments in H1 and the initial margin 
impact due to transition and ramp up of the recently won deals. So all of these three factors 
that I talked about are additional. 
Viju George 

16 
 
Sure thanks and Salil just to clarify you did mention that we will not see incremental 
investments of this magnitude for FY2020? 
Salil Parekh 
What I shared earlier was, first we are not commenting on specifically fiscal 2020 in this 
discussion. What we have made clear is the investments we are making today, we are not 
looking in a midterm perspective of just incrementally investing. We have made a series of 
investments in fiscal 2019. We see good return from those investments but we do not have a 
view that this is going to keep on increasing as time goes on. However, to be clear we are not 
making any specific comment on our fiscal 2020 outlook. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Please go 
ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
I had two questions please, the first is on currency in your operating margins? I understand 
you made a comment about Q4 but I would want to see if you could speak more 
philosophically about the impact of currency on your margins and that is to say if the rupee 
appreciates, should we assume that that will in fact impact your margins and you will just let 
it flow through overtime or how should we think about the less favorable environment at least 
recently of the Rupee Dollar exchange rate in the impact of margins overtime and then I have 
a followup please? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Coming to this quarter first, this quarter we got a benefit of rupee depreciation of 50-basis 
points and as we get into the next quarter, rupee has already appreciated from Rs.71.5 to 
Rs.70, so that will automatically impact margins. Every 1% appreciation or deprecation in 
rupee impacts margin approximately by 25 basis points and that gets offset by the cross 
currency appreciation or deprecation. 

17 
 
Keith Bachman 
Sorry just to clarify over the last two years, the rupee has been the source of margin help. If 
the rupee stays where it is at a minimum it will not be a help, it will probably end up being a 
headwind overtime. So should we just think about that being a potential negative to your 
operating margins or do you change behaviour in terms of pricing or something along those 
lines to offset it? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Over the longer period of time, rupee appreciation or deprecation automatically gets priced in 
the rebidding and so on, so you will not really see a long-term impact of rupee appreciation or 
depreciation. You typically see that only on a quarter-by-quarter or half-year-by-half year 
basis impact if the rupee appreciates. If you look at it, rupee used to be Rs.55 earlier, now it 
has gone to Rs.70. Going by that logic, margins for everybody should have gone up 
significantly but all of that gets priced in the bids that you do. 
Keith Bachman 
My followup question relates to clarification on your comments around operating margins, so 
we looked at 2020 you said that there would be incremental investments consistent with what 
has happened over the last year. Should investors assume that the level of investments will 
stay the same in other words, the current range for margin is probably appropriate range as 
we think about FY2020? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
What I replied to Viju’s question when he asked, as compared to Q4 of last year, is there 
increment in the investment and incremental cost? Which I replied to saying yes. That is 
because at the beginning of the year when we articulated our strategy we had very clearly 
called out the investments that we are making in the business, investment in terms of sales, 
investment in terms of digital services, investment for reskilling and retraining our 
employees, investment in localization strategy and by nature most of these investments are 
investments in people and therefore the H2 investments were supposed to be higher than the 
H1 investments. 

18 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Srinivas Rao from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Srinivas Rao 
I have two questions, first on your verticals. In your disclosure, what comes out is the share 
of fixed price contracts and digital is significantly higher for your Retail and Communication 
verticals compared to BFSI. If you can comment as to why is that happening? Secondly when 
you have fixed price contracts is there any element of flexibility to change pricing and in that 
context how do you think you manage the risk if your expected efficiencies do not come 
through, what has been your experience as the fixed price contracts share has gone up? A 
smaller question this thing in acquisition of Hitachi’s business in December, some feedback 
as to what it is would be helpful?  
Pravin Rao 
On the first question, there is no correlation between fixed price and segments because you 
will find fixed price products across segments, so there is no secular trend and it is not 
worthwhile reading into it. On the fixed price product, the whole idea is, if we are able to 
drive better efficiencies then we can capture the benefits, whereas in time and material 
project we pass on the benefit to the customers so that is the premise on which we typically 
try to take fixed price project. But on the fixed price project if sometimes we are not able to 
do that, in that case we obviously have to take that hit. But there are also times when there are 
scope changes in which we get change replacements and in general in the fixed price project 
only in the case of the scope change we get the benefit of increased pricing or increased 
revenues. Otherwise we have to manage within whatever we have committed and there is a 
huge potential for us to capture the benefit if we are able to execute on that. 
Ravi Kumar  
I will give you a quick view on Hitachi. It is a joint venture between Hitachi, Panasonic and 
local HR firm called Pasona in Japan. What we are essentially doing is we are taking over a 
subsidiary of Hitachi, which does indirect procurement end-to-end and we are going to flip it 
over and run it as a joint venture with Infosys. Infosys has the majority stake and the idea is 

19 
 
to expand this into indirect procurement into the larger Hitachi organization across the world 
then to Panasonic which is an equally big player. So it is pretty historic the two large 
manufacturing high tech electronics producers are coming together for one common cause, 
which is indirect procurement and we are going to apply technology on it and make it 
powerful enough to generate values and thereafter we are going to use this joint venture to go 
to other manufacturers in Japan where indirect procurement is a big category of spend. 
Srinivas Rao 
Understood, this is really helpful. If I may just ask a small rejoinder the increase in the fixed 
price contract which is happening, is it driven by your clients or is it more driven by Infosys? 
Pravin Rao  
It is currently driven by Infosys, some of the projects like large deals, large maintenance 
projects lend itself to fixed price. The client would expect you bid fixed price and that is what 
the thing is but a good percentage of our projects typically are time and material and clients 
are probably okay with T&M (Time and Material) and that is where the opportunity is for us 
to try to convert it into fixed price. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Jayesh I had a question on the 20 BPS impact on margins due to acquisitions, from what I 
understand Fluido is pretty small to lend that kind of an impact, so is that a onetime thing or 
is that something to do with Hitachi as well? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Acquisitions and a couple of aspects when you talk about impact on margin, one is on the 
consolidation the impact on account of the margins of the entity that you acquire. The second 
is when you acquire, some part of the purchase price also gets accounted as intangibles and 
that gets amortized over a period of time, so that also impacts consolidated margins. In 

20 
 
addition to that there could be the retention payouts that would be factored in the deal that 
will also impact the margins. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Sure, so how much of this would be on a running basis? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So you will see a sequential impact from the last quarter or this quarter but on a QoQ you 
would not really see an impact because that becomes a baseline. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Secondly just wanted to understand, there were a couple of bankruptcy announcements in US 
both in utilities and retail, anything you would like to call out there going into the next 
quarter or next year and if you could as always highlight what the proportion of net new TCV 
would be of the total TCV that we have won for the quarter? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
The net new TCV that is 30% of the total TCV and coming to the bankruptcy etc., whatever 
we are aware of we have taken care of in the books in terms of provision as adequately as is 
required. There is nothing that we know which has not been taken care of. 
Pravin Rao 
Infact in retail there has been lesser number of store closings this year as compared to last 
year, so these are all one off things which we cannot predict but there is no secular trend. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Divya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Divya Nagarajan 

21 
 
Just to go back on the investments Salil, I am trying to understand what your comments really 
mean, so should I take it to understand that this year there is a certain intensity of investments 
which could vary or not repeat or occur every year is that how we should think about it or are 
you saying that at this point all you can comment on is this year is what it is and you might 
still end up looking at investments on fresh next year? 
Salil Parekh 
First we are not making any comments about fiscal 2020 in specific terms. What I was 
attempting to say earlier is we have investments in sales, which are yielding us a good result 
today and that is the plan we had put in place in the start of fiscal 2019, that is the plan we are 
executing upon. We do not see that there will be incremental investments in a midterm 
period, on an ongoing basis and I have no comments specifically on fiscal 2020 in this call. 
We are now going to work through in Q4 what our plan will look like in terms of budgets, 
what the market environment will look like, what we see as the growth dynamics and 
therefore what we see in terms of where we need to focus our investments, if any, in terms of 
incremental investments from fiscal 2020. There is no specific comment on that, a small 
broad based comment on the incremental nature on the question that come before. 
Divya Nagarajan 
Secondly on the margin front, I think Jayesh alluded to some cost coming in next quarter as 
well but from a large deal ramp up perspective are we looking at any contracts where you 
have taken the costs upfront but the revenue ramp up is yet to happen or from a timing 
perspective is there any mismatch between cost and revenues is what I am trying to 
understand? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, there will always be large deals and there will always be transition in addition to when 
the large deal happens. You typically have a higher onsite and that tapers out as you get into 
the deal, so that is what I was referring to. 
Divya Nagarajan 

22 
 
The last question from my end, could you just run through the push and pull that you saw on 
the telecom sector this quarter and thanks for taking my questions and all the best? 
Pravin Rao 
The growth in the telecom sector this quarter has been moderate about -0.6%. However, in 
the last couple of quarters we have had a few large deal wins in this segment, so we expect 
the trajectory to change in the coming quarter. Having said that from the industry perspective 
definitely the sector is under stress but at the same time it also opens up new opportunities for 
outsourcing, to improve efficiencies and reduce cost and on the back of this we have been 
able to win few deals in the recent quarters and we expect momentum to pick up in the 
coming quarters. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead. 
Joseph Foresi 
Sir my first question is how would you describe the 2019 outlook for IT budgets, are they the 
same, better or worse in 2018 and any commentary on that you could add to it would be 
helpful? 
Pravin Rao 
The client budget process is progressing and it is likely to conclude in the next month or so, 
but the early indications are the budgets are expected to be flattish at the percentage level 
with greater emphasis on moving budgets from run the business to change the business. 
Barring that we are not seeing any indications of changes either geography wise or sector 
wise. There will always be odd clients where there are budget pressures; but by and large the 
early indications are that it will be flattish. 
Joseph Foresi 
My second question is, it seems like the revenue growth rate has accelerated, I wonder what 
would you attribute that to? Was that revitalizing the digital engine, are you participating in 

23 
 
large deals, do you feel like you are taking market share and I am trying to get a sense of 
what is causing the acceleration and then this is importantly do you think this is sustainable? 
Salil Parekh 
So the 10.1% growth we have seen in this quarter on a YoY basis where it is coming from? 
We think the way we have put our focus on our strategic direction, working with our clients 
on what is relevant to them. So building our digital portfolio on the one hand with the five 
elements of digital that we had outlined at the start of the year, we see a really strong traction. 
For example, we see good traction in the Cloud space, on the SaaS space; we see a very good 
traction in the Digital Studios and Digital Marketing piece, on Analytics, on IoT. Those areas 
are what are contributing to this over 30% growth in the Digital space. 
We also see our core services business is growing. So both large components of our business 
are growing. Our core services with a smaller growth rate is growing because of the 
investments we are making there in Artificial Intelligence, in our NIA platform, and that is 
resonating with our clients. As Pravin was sharing earlier, there is a push from clients to 
make more efficient their core tech platforms and invest for growth differentiation or speed in 
their digital platforms. With our portfolio, we have the ability to play on both of those 
dimensions. 
In addition, we have put in place programmes to look more carefully at account scaling, look 
more carefully at how new work can be generated, what are the specific things we have to do 
to introduce digital specialists into each of our large accounts. We have also well expanded 
our sales capacity from the start of the year through to Q3. All of these things have helped 
and comprise what we have been calling the investments that we put in place in sales. We 
have also taken a lot of effort to reskill our employees into the new technologies and 
reconfigure our spaces into the future agile workspaces. 
There also been investments we made in this year to be more aligned to where our clients are 
going. This plus and an increased intensity with our go to market efforts in sales and the 
longstanding trust that clients have had with Infosys over the past 30 years has helped us to 
start to drive this growth. We think if we can continue to execute on that and the macro 

24 
 
remains the way it is, we see with this approach, we will be more and more relevant for our 
clients. 
Joseph Foresi 
Can I sneak one last one here, people have tried to ask you about margins long-term probably 
now six or seven different ways on this call. Clearly the market is incredibly focused on the 
sustainability and if you cannot give us next year, how do we think about the margins? 
Whether it will be flat, up or down over the long-term and why?  
Salil Parekh 
On margins my view today is we are in the start of our three-year plan. We have got a sense 
of how we can drive our go-to market and client traction. We will now in our fiscal year 
fourth quarter start to build more comprehensive view of how the next fiscal year starting in 
April will look like for us. Internally we will also start to put some thoughts on a more 
specific basis on how this outlook will work on multiple year pieces. At this stage, we are not 
ready to come and say specifically what fiscal 2020 will look like and so is what the midyear 
trajectory or margins will look like. However, we are well clear that we are focused on 
driving value with our clients on digital. Internally we know that our margin for that business 
is higher than the average margin of the company. We have a strong focus on driving that 
margin acceleration operationally. However, we are not ready to speak specifically on fiscal 
2020 or indeed the midterm in terms of margin. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Georgios Kertsos from Berenberg. Please go 
ahead. 
Georgios Kertsos 
Can you please reconfirm the level of profitability in digital relative to the rest of the 
business? In the past you have disclosed this, so an update on that would be helpful? Thank 
you. 

25 
 
Salil Parekh 
We are not specifically giving the number in terms of the operating margin of digital versus 
rest of the business. My comment today and most likely in the past was more qualitative, 
which is it is higher than the average margin of the company. 
Georgios Kertsos 
A quick follow-up from me, is the constant currency revenue growth all organic or what is 
the contribution of any M&A in Q3 in revenue growth?  
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, Q3 had an impact of small acquisition that we did which is on account of Fluido of 
around 30-basis points which was inorganic, apart from that everything else was organic. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. Over to you! 
Sandip Mahindroo 
Thanks everyone for joining us on this call. We look forward to talking to you in the course 
of the quarter. Have a good weekend ahead. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Infosys that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
