Date: February 06,2019 
To, 
BSELIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF 
P J Towers 
INDIA LIMITED 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Listing Department 
Mumbai 400 001 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 
051 
Company Code No. 531595 
Company Code CGCL 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on February 4, 2019. 
This information is also hosted on the Company's website www.cap1·iglobal.in 
The above is for your information and dissemination to all the stakeholders. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For CAPRI GLOBAL CAPITAL LIMITED 
(HARISH AGRAWAL) 
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT & COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl.: as above 
Capri Global Capitol Limited 
(GIN: L65921MH1994PLC173469) 
Regd Off: 502, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai- 400 013. 
Tel: +91 22 4088 8100/4354 8200; E-mail: contact@cgcl.co.in; Website: www.capriglobal.in 

Page 1 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
Transcript 
 
Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
: 
4th February 2019, 02:00 PM IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 
25 min 13 sec 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen.  Welcome to the 
Capri Global Capital Limited conference call organized by Go India Advisors.  At this 
moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode.  Later we will conduct a question 
and answer session.  At that time if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad.  Please note this conference is recorded.  I would now like to hand 
over the conference to Ms. Tanya Khosla from Go India Advisors.  Thank you and over 
to you ma’am.   
 
Tanya Khosla: 
Thank you Honeyla.  Good afternoon everybody and 
welcome to the Capri Global Capital Limited earnings call to discuss the third quarter 
FY19 earnings.  On this call we will be referring to the presentation that is available on 
the company’s website as well as the exchanges.  To discuss the results, we have on 
the call Mr. Rajesh Sharma, Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Ashok Agarwal, the Head 
of Finance – Accounting, taxation and compliance as well as Mr. Rahul Ojha, the Vice 
President of Corporate Strategy.  Some of the information in today’s call maybe forward 
looking in nature and will be covered by the safe harbor language on page number two 
of the presentation.  May I now request Mr. Rajesh Sharma to take us through the 
company’s business outlook and financial highlights, subsequent to which we can open 
the floor for Q&A.  Thank you and over to you sir.   
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you everyone for taking time out and attending our 
maiden call.  I trust that everyone had a look at our presentation and hence have a brief 
overview about our results for Q3 FY19.  Before moving on to the numbers for Q3, let 
me give you some context about our operating environment and industry dynamics and 
how we are strategically positioned in the sector.   
 
Let us start with our key segment MSME, which is our key growth driver, which 
contributes to almost over 50% of the total AUM.  Our MSME book which stands at INR 
1822 crores, has grown almost by seven times in the past four years.  And we take a lot 
of pride in our contribution to financial inclusion in India.  Majority of our customers are 
first time to credit and a large part of them are women.  We expect the MSME lending 
market to continue its strong growth as more and more small businesses move from 
informal to formal financing.   
 
Let me give you some numbers to support this context.  The total formal credit exposure 
in India stood at about 105 lakh crores, of which MSME accounted for nearly one-fourth 
of about 24.7 lakh crores as on September 30, 2018.  Besides this there are lots of, 
about 45 million MSME units are there, out of which only 10% MSME units get the 
financing from the formal channel.  And there is a huge under penetration in this 

Page 2 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
segment.  The number within the MSME space itself has been growing at the rate of 
18% per annum.   As NBFCs capture higher market share from the public sector bank, 
because of their ability to deliver, sanction, disbursement, run the entire process in a 
timely and cost efficient manner, CGCL expects to cement this position and grow its 
MSME AUM by another seven times over the next five years.  Despite the 40% to 50% 
AUM growth per year, our strictest mitigation framework has ensured that the asset 
quality remains strong.  The gross NPA in the MSME segment remains in the range of 
about 3½%.  We will continue to channel all our energy to maintain this high quality book 
for the future as well.   
 
Now, moving into the affordable housing finance segment, while there is lot of upheaval 
and uncertainty in very recent times, however what differentiates CGCL housing finance 
business from its peers, one, the segment has only, while we started in 2016, after we 
had got all the know-how and set up our processes and teams across the branches, 
what remains the common for us is that we cater to the same geography and same 
customer segments, where we cater to MSME.  So, those geographies and those 
customer segments, the way we underwrite, the way we understand the customer 
remains uniform and consistent.  Hence, there is a synergy in our MSME business as 
well as the affordable housing segment.  Both segments, we cater to those customers, 
who do not have income proof, who have not moved through any formal borrowing 
pattern, at the same time, their cash flow, earnings are assessable and based on that we 
are able to arrive at the eligibility and arrive at their sanctions.   
 
We have focused our entire branch network on the tier-II and tier-III cities, where ticket 
size in housing loans is about 11 lakhs.  This is further supported by the Central 
Government thrust on housing for all by 2022 and interest subsidies for the MIG and LIG 
segment.  We expect our housing finance book, which stands currently at 615 crores to 
reach about 7000 crores by 2023.   
 
I will also now briefly touch upon the third key segment of our business is the 
construction finance.  Historically in the NBFC industry, construction finance while being 
a profitable business has been fraught by asset quality concerns.  In order to mitigate 
the risk of rising gross NPA, Capri Global has decided to undertake the construction 
finance business in a retail finance way.  We are doing this business in a very unique 
strategy, where average ticket size has dropped down to Rs.8 crores per customer.  In 
tier-II, tier-III cities, where there are lots of developers who do not get the fund, they are 
building small buildings of four to seven floors, their underlying apartment ticket sizes 
other than metros is less than 60 lakhs and in metros they are less than Rs.1 crore, 
these are the developers we are focusing on.  We have, our live account in construction 
finance is almost 100 plus and every single size is about below 10 crores.  So, this 
focusing on construction finance, where the money is given only after the approval to 
small developer is proving to be right where our NPA, gross NPA is less than 0.15%.  It 
is much easier to monitor and control the small developer than the large developer and 
that is proving right for us.   
 
Now, before I open the floor for questions, I would like to discuss our future growth 
plans.  CGCL’s five year vision constitutes reaching an AUM of about 25000 crores, with 
a portfolio yield of 15% plus in each lending segment, except the housing finance, where 
the yields will be in the range of about 13%.  In order to achieve this goal, we aim to 
reach a target of 235 branches over the next five years as well as diversify into couple of 
more lending products, which include the digital loans to the shopkeepers and the small 

Page 3 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
traders.  We currently have a capital adequacy of about 37%, which should support our 
strong growth at least for the next two years.  In terms of ALM, CGCL will continue to 
maintain the strong liability position and the borrowing mix will continue to be tilted in 
favor of the banks.   
 
Before I open the floor for questions and answers, let me reiterate that CGCL Q3 FY19 
performance has continued its strong growth path like the previous quarters.  NII has 
grown by 39% at about Rs.90 crores, while profit after tax stands at about Rs.35 crores, 
which is up by 27%.  Consolidated total AUM stands at about Rs.3682 crores at the end 
of Q3 FY19, while the gross NPA is about 2%.  Granular details about our performance 
as well as detailed information about our lending lines can be found in our presentation 
as well.   
 
I now open the floor for any questions that you may have.  Thank you. 
 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the questions.  If you would like to 
withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. 
 
We have the first question from Mr. Amit Goyal, an Individual Investor.  Please go ahead 
with your question.   
 
Amit Goyal: 
Good afternoon sir.   
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yeah, good afternoon.   
 
Amit Goyal: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask one very small question.  You are 
targeting for a very good growth in the coming five years.  So, you are targeting almost 
7x increase in the AUMs, right?  So, I just wanted to ask you one small thing.  Is your 
growth going to be a profitable growth?  Means, will the earning per share or the diluted 
earnings per share also increase by 4 or 5 times in the coming five years?  What do you 
envision on the profitability front?  Thank you. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Over the period of next five years, we expect that our 
profitability will also grow in a similar trend at least five to six times.   
 
Amit Goyal: 
Okay, means the diluted profitability, that is even if you issue 
capital or shares for raising the funding, even then the profitability will grow 
simultaneously with the growth in AUM? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Because, profitability is the more we grow the AUM, the 
scale of operations and cost efficiency will arise, which will further increase our margins 
as well as the profitability.   
 
Amit Goyal: 
Yes, right.  And for that I think you will have to maintain your 
yield, NIMs for increasing your profitability, you will have to minimize your cost 
structure….. 
 

Page 4 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
In this segment of MSME, where large numbers of 
customers are there, who are looking for financing to grow their businesses, small 
businesses, I think getting a customer funding them is not the challenge.  If we have a 
right distribution network, we have a right risk framework and we can manage our costs.  
In this business the biggest challenge is how can you manage your cost efficiency?  And 
while we have set up our framework with the increase in the scale of operation in the 
coming years, the cost efficiency will kick in and our profitability is going to improve and 
increase.   
 
Amit Goyal: 
Okay.  And sir a follow up question and then a very small 
question.  Nowadays many financial firms are using technology to optimize their cost 
structure and to lower their cost of operations.  So, what are your plans going forward to 
use technology in a different way to maximize your efficiencies? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, the kinds of customers we are dealing with, these are 
those customers who have no income proof and are unorganized.  So, while when we 
are doing all the lending, which is secured by some sort of collateral of either self 
occupied residential property or self occupied business premises, so in that case when 
we deal with the cities in tier-III, tier-IV cities, we have to do lot of interaction, while 
assessing their credibility and credit worthiness.  Also, doing due diligence on the 
property and its valuation, these work cannot go completely digital.  However, the 
processing the credit score, the underwriting part, internal moving the paper from one 
desk to another in operations, those are completely automated and on the technology.  
Frontend, the entire interaction and all, discussing and meeting customers, I think this in 
this informal segment curtailed in the way we are doing and that is the reason that this 
piece of MSME lending, while it is difficult, but it is profitable and at the same time 
scalable.   
 
Amit Goyal: 
Okay.  Thank you very much sir and all the very best for your 
future.  Thank you. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you.   
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Ms. Pooja 
Shah, an Individual Investor.  Please go ahead with your question.   
 
Pooja Shah: 
Sir, I wanted to ask regarding the construction finance 
industry.  We understand that this is facing issues in the market currently.  And I wanted 
to understand that in the long run, by how much do you plan to reduce the share of the 
same? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, the overall…..by 2023, construction finance, this is 
presently in the range of about 30%-32% and will be coming in the range of about 18% 
to 20%.   
 
Pooja Shah: 
Okay.  And how do we plan to do that? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Since our growth will come from MSME and housing finance 
and the indirect retail and other segments, much higher than the construction finance.  
So, in overall book context, the construction finance, when we reach our book size of 

Page 5 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
25000 crores, we are targeting construction finance in the range of about 4500 crores.  
So, overall it will come down about 18%.   
 
Pooja Shah: 
Okay.  Thank you.  I have one more question after this that 
was with regards to the cost of income.  I wanted to understand what is the cost of 
income as of end of Q3 and what is the sustainable cost to income ratio that we are 
aiming to look at in the long run? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think presently our cost of income is in the range of about 
45%.  But, as we grow and increase our operations and the scale, where we add the 
balance sheet and the businesses grow, we are targeting our cost to income coming 
down to about 31% by 2023.   
 
Pooja Shah: 
Okay.  And sir, any path for the same? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Hello? 
 
Pooja Shah: 
Sir, in what phases do we intend to achieve 23%? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, no we have not said 23.  We said by 2023, by 2019 
presently it is about 45%.  We will bring it down to 31% by 2023. 
 
Pooja Shah: 
Got it.  Got it.  Thank you so much sir and wish you all the 
best. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you ma’am.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any 
questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  I repeat, if you have any 
questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.   
 
We have the next question from Mr. Raghav Sharma from Protiviti.  Please go ahead.   
 
Raghav Sharma: 
Good afternoon sir.   
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Good afternoon. 
 
Raghav Sharma: 
And congratulations for a good set of numbers.  And I would 
like to ask couple of questions.  The first one is regarding the return on equity, which you 
are guiding in coming one to two years, what could be our sustainable ROE that will be 
moving forward from what you have given in the guidance? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, currently the company is in the growth stage where the 
operating costs are slightly on the higher side.  Also, we are not optimally leveraged.  
Presently our leverage is less than two times.  However, as we scale up our operations, 
the book size will also increase versus the profits which will ultimately result in better 
ROE.  We plan to improve our profitability as well as optimizing our cost, increasing 
productivity and expanding our book size.  Currently our ROE is in the range of about 
10.6% for the Q3 and we are planning to achieve the ROE of 16% by 2021 and 19% by 
2023.   
 

Page 6 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
Raghav Sharma: 
Okay.  And another question which I have is, any indication 
of what the new lending lines you might be diversifying into in the coming few years? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, our common trend, among all the products which we are 
currently doing and in the future we will be doing the same thing.  The customers who do 
not get the money from formal financing or from the banks, those are the customers we 
intend to target.  So, presently we have MSME, construction finance, all the same kind of 
developers who do not get the money from the banking system.  Then we are funding to 
small MFI and we are funding to affordable housing finance customer.  In this we will 
add funding to the shopkeepers who have a credit card receivable, against their POS 
machine.  We are evaluating a suitable time.  We will launch that product. 
 
Raghav Sharma: 
Okay.  Are we going to change our borrowing mix moving 
forward?  How our borrowing mix would be moving forward from now? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, presently we have about twenty lenders, majority of them 
are banks.  We have a borrowing plan which presently also more than 95% of our 
borrowings are from the banking systems, where the average tenure of the loan is more 
than four years and sometimes up to eight years.  So, we will continue to do that, 
focusing more borrowing from the banking side.  And presently also while many NBFC 
and HFC are facing the problem and after September we got sanction from three banks 
of close to Rs.400 crores and we have more pipeline to get more sanctions.  So, on this 
front we are quite comfortable. 
 
Raghav Sharma: 
Okay.  That is all from my side.  Best of luck for your future.   
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Darpin 
Shah from HDFC Securities.  Please go ahead sir.   
 
Darpin Shah: 
Sir, if you can throw some more light on the construction 
finance business, in terms of geographic presence, what kind of developers are these?  
Have they faced any stress during the last couple of months and post the liquidity 
issues? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, geographically we are spread for this business.  Since 
we are doing a small ticket developer financing, so we are doing it from Bangalore, 
Chennai, Ahmadabad, Vadodara, Jaipur, NCR we do only Gurgaon and Ghaziabad area 
and then Mumbai and Pune.  These are the areas where our teams are placed.  And 
since when you do small ticket size, you do a lot of effort to build the book Rs.1000 
crores, buy 100 crores ticket size you need only three-four people team.  But, when we 
are doing the same kind of book of 1000 crores, with average ticket size of about 8 
crores, we have about thirty people team comprising of business credit and monitoring, 
because issuing NOC on easy sale of flats require a lot of team to monitor the cash flow 
in the banking system and then release the NOC.  So, we have an adequate team for 
this, while we are doing this granular.  And the small ticket size lending, these kind 
developers are building four storeys to seven storeys building, where underlying prices 
of the apartment other than metros is less than 60 lakhs.  In metro they are less than 1 
crore.  They are fast moving apartments.  These are the developers who are basically 
family run construction business, where the father, son is doing two projects.  They are 
delivering fast in the last ten, fifteen years many buildings.  We have a criteria, anybody 
who wanted to borrow from us should have delivered at least 300,000 square feet.  And 

Page 7 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
that does not include the plotted development and that should be from doing 
construction.  So, keeping that, so those kind of small developers approach us.  These 
kinds of developers come to us after the land is fully bid, approvals are in place.  And the 
new trend is that unless they finish the construction, they are not able to sell much of the 
inventory.  So, we help them to achieve finishing the project.  And they are fast moving 
items.  The moment the structure has come up, they start selling the units.  We keep a 
very tight monitoring on every flat.  The money is released on progress of the project and 
linked to the sale of the flats as well.  So, we are tightly monitoring every project and for 
them we are the only lender.  They have exclusive charge with us.  We have the entire 
plot is mortgaged.  Sometimes we also get the personal residence of the developer also 
mortgaged to us and the cash flow is charged on every sale they require over; we tightly 
monitor and control the entire project’s cash flow.  We have not seen any our NOC.  So, 
we tightly monitor and control the entire project’s cash flow.  We have not seen any 
delinquency over the last two months and the last one year.  We have seen these 
projects are fast selling.  While this business takes lot of time and effort, but in terms of 
delinquency, this is quite feasible business. 
 
Darpin Shah: 
Sir, definitely there has not been anything in the two months, 
but have they seen increase of stress there? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Not really, I think last two months what has changed in the 
market is not about the demand side of the construction flats, what has changed in the 
last two months is some of the NBFCs are not disbursing the money to the developer.  
As far as Capri is concerned, not a single month has happened where we have not done 
our disbursement and any committed disbursement, we have any slowdown.  We have 
adequate bank line.  Even till March, to carry out our budgeted business plan, we have 
all the funds in place.  We have zero exposure to commercial paper and NCD.  In 
December 2018 Reliance Mutual Fund has asked us to increase the rate.  We decided 
to prepay them 100 crores of NCD, which speaks about our liquidity position.  Had not 
been that case we would have preferred to pay higher rate of interest and continued with 
that.   
 
Darpin Shah: 
Correct.  And sir, just one last thing, you mentioned you 
wanted to have 25000 crores of AUM in the next five years, so this all will be organic or 
have you planned something for inorganic as well? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
All will be organic, because today we have about 82 
branches.  We intend to increase our branch network year after year.  In 2020, we will 
open up in South also, in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, that belt.  So, that will also support the 
growth.  So, we will increase our branch network and with that we easily, with the same 
growth of 40% in AUM we can reach the 25000 crores book.   
 
Darpin Shah: 
Great sir.  Thanks and all the best. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Participants, if you have any questions, 
please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.   
 
Thank you.  There are no further questions.  I now would like to hand over the 
conference to Ms. Tanya Khosla for closing comments.  Over to you ma’am.   

Page 8 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
 
Tanya Khosla: 
Thank you.  Thank you so much everyone for being a part of 
this conference call.  For any further questions or any further follow-ups that you may 
have, you may feel free to contact myself and my colleague Sheetal.  Our details are 
available on the last slide of the presentation for Capri Global Capital.  Thank you so 
much for your presence and we look forward to interacting with you in the future.   
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you.  Thank you so much.   
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your 
conference call for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha’s 
conference call service.  You may all disconnect your lines now.  Thank you and have a 
wonderful day everyone.   
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1.This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
s2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 9 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Capri Global Capital Limited 
 
 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
 
This release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer, solicitation 
or advertisement with respect to the purchase or sale of any security of Capri Global 
Capital Limited (the “Company”) and no part of it shall form the basis of or be relied upon 
in connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever. Certain statements in the 
presentation contain words or phrases that are forward looking statements. All forward-
looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward looking 
statement. Any opinion, estimate or projection herein constitutes a judgment as of the 
date of this presentation, and there can be no assurance that future results or events will 
be consistent with any such opinion, estimate or projection. All information contained in 
this release has been prepared solely by the Company. No information contained herein 
has been independently verified by anyone else. Neither the Company nor anyone else 
accepts any liability whatsoever for any loss, howsoever, arising from any use or 
reliance on this presentation or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. 
The distribution of this document in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and 
persons into whose possession this presentation comes should inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions. 
 
