31st January 2019
Dear Sirs,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Q3 9M FY 2019 results
This is further to our intimation dated 18th January 2019 pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, regarding the
conference call to discuss the Q3 9M FY 2019 Financial performance of the Company.
The transcript of the conference call held on Friday, 25th January 2019 is enclosed for your
reference and records.
Thanking you.
Yours faithfully,
For Orient Green Power Company Limited
P Srinivasan
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl: as above
The BSE Limited
Corporate Relations Department,
P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400 001.
Scrip Code: 533263
The National Stock Exchange
of India Limited
Department of Corporate Services,
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Mumbai-400 051.
Scrip Code:  GREENPOWER

 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Orient Green Power Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Earnings Conference Call 
January 25, 2019 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Orient Green Power  Company 
Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY19 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to                         Mr. 
Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani  
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I welcome all of you to Orient Green Power 
Company Ltd.’s earnings call to discuss the performance for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2018.  
 
We have with us today Mr. S. Venkatachalam – CEO and Managing Director and 
Mr. K V Kasturi – Chief Financial Officer.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
Documents relating to our financial performance were e-mailed to all of you earlier 
and these have also been posted on our corporate website. 
 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Venkatachalam. Thank you and over 
to you sir. 
S.Venkatachalam 
Thank you Mayank and a very good afternoon to all of you and thanks for joining the 
investor call. I trust all of you would have had a look at the results and gone through 
the Investor presentation that was circulated earlier. Let me discuss the key 
operating highlights first, post which Kasturi can take your through the financial 
performance. 
 
Overall Q3 has clearly been a soft quarter and the underwhelming financial 
performance is largely attributable to the volatile wind pattern. You may be aware as 
I talked about it in H1 that this is a pattern which happens once in 4-5 years and this 
unfortunately has been one of those years with low wind. The wind season started 
about 15 days late normally, it starts in the mid of May, but this time it started in the 
end of May and ended fifteen days earlier. So it was kind of a double whammy impact 
instead of ending in mid-October it ended in September end itself. Therefore the wind 
in October which is part of Q3 got affected & there was also an impact of Gaja 
Cyclone which happened in November leading to overall dip in generation for 9M to 
about 6.42 crore and causing to an overall dip in revenue to about Rs. 48 crore. 
Ofcourse, this Rs. 48 crore is not comparable on a like to like basis it also includes 
some Rs.10-11 crore of REC which was booked in previous year at Rs. 1500 as 
against Rs. 1000 this year. 

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
Having said that, one can see a clear shift in terms of the consistency which stems 
largely from the strategic initiatives undertaken in recent past. Our numbers for the 
have an underlying resilience to them despite multiple headwinds during the period 
- delayed onset of wind season, uneven wind patterns, loss owing to cyclone etc. As 
a result these numbers do not reflect the progress that we have made in the last 
couple of years in strengthening the business architecture. 
 
Let me quickly talk about some of these initiatives - Beginning with our deleveraging 
exercise. As mentioned in our earlier calls, we have been actively working towards 
improving the gearing ratio and liquidity profile of the business. We have been in 
discussions with bankers seeking to lower the interest rate and extend the tenure on 
existing loans. As can be seen from the financials we have already reduced average 
rate by 200 bps over the last three years and interest cost has reduced on an 
absolute basis as well as relative basis using metrics like interest coverage, EBITDA/ 
Interest etc.I am pleased to report that we are making progress towards further 
lowering our interest outgo and help us improve the cash flow position of the 
business. Higher finance expense had been one of the key reasons for lower 
profitability of the business in recent past. We are optimistic that ongoing discussions 
will fructify into further reduction of interest rate. 
 
I am pleased that the current development will help us address that problem 
effectively.    
 
Secondly, the sale of biomass business has not only helped us lower our debt burden 
but has also made us into a more focused & agile entity. Management efforts are 
now primarily focused on elevating the wind business further by tapping the massive 
opportunity the segment offers. Biomass business as you may be aware was actually 
acting as a drag into the business and OGPL being a pure Wind Company has lots 
to offer over the years to come.  
 
The combination of the above two measures has significantly eased the debt burden 
on the business. 
 
The third positive development has been the revival in the REC market. You will 
recall towards the end of last financial year, we saw the spurt in the REC volumes 
following the reinforcement by the Government. Now the entire nine months our 
entire REC inventory has been traded and the certificates are now getting traded 
over their floor price. In fact this would be the actual aim of the REC, the several 
initiatives undertaken by the Government that is was to be a freely traded certificate. 
The demand situation has seen significant improvement owing to stringent regulatory 
actions. The buoyancy in the market has strengthened the additional revenue stream 
for the business – in turn improving overall liquidity and cash flow position. We have 
been able to liquidate RECs inventory resulting in zero inventory for the third 
consecutive quarter now – this has resulted in revenue generation of approx. Rs. 26 
crore during the nine months. This has been a very positive development for the 
company and the industry as a whole. In fact the average trading price for the quarter 
works out to be Rs.1160 and in fact in the last trading session in December 2018 it 
was Rs. 1,320 for us on an average across both the two exchanges. So we see this 
as an upward trend and considering the shortage of RECs and regulatory 
enforcement this is only likely to improve further. 
 
The fourth positive thing for the business has been the stark improvement in grid 
availability. This improvement is largely owing to the efforts undertaken by 
TANGEDCO – which has resulted in grid availability in the range of 90%+ 
consistently for over successive quarters now. Grid back down was a pain point for 

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
us and most of the other players in the industry – resulting in revenue erosion of 
significant proportion. With stable evacuation levels potential is getting converted 
into performance.   
 
To conclude, let me just reiterate that despite the low wind season the business is in 
a good shape, we have resolved most of the legacy issues and are in a much better 
position to drive the growth of  the business going forward. This quarter has been an 
aberration, with the initiatives we have taken over the past few years, we would be 
able to manage the business in terms of the bank payment, servicing of the loans 
etc.  
 
The macro environment as well, despite recent uncertainties has changed for the 
better – growth conducive, transparent and consistent.  
 
That’s it from me and I now hand over to Kasturi who will take you through the 
financials. 
KV Kasturi 
Thank you Mr. Venkatachalam. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for taking 
the time to join our earnings call. I will briefly run you through our financial 
performance for the period under review, post which we can start the Q&A sessions. 
 
Starting with the top line, total income for the quarter stood at Rs. 33 crore as against 
Rs. 58 crore reported during corresponding quarter last year, while on a nine month 
basis the same stood at Rs. 283 crore as against Rs. 354 crore. The decline was 
largely owing to the reasons mentioned by Mr. Venkatachalam earlier during the call. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 13 crore against Rs. 36 crore reported in Q3 
FY18 while on a nine month basis the same stood at Rs. 215 crore as against Rs. 
278 crore generated in 9M FY18. Here again, the reduction was largely owing to the 
same factors mentioned earlier. 
 
Depreciation for the quarter stood at Rs. 30 crore as against Rs. 31 crore reported 
during Q3 FY18, while on a nine month basis the same stood at Rs. 83 crore as 
against Rs.94 crore registered in 9M FY18. Going forward as well, the depreciation 
charges should stay lower given that biomass assets are now off the books. 
 
Moving on to Interest expense, as mentioned by Mr. Venkatachalam earlier we are 
very optimistic of closing the deal on refinancing which will help us lower our interest 
outgo. In recent period we have also been able to refinance loans which were 
restructure under 5/25 scheme amounting to Rs. 765 crore. The combination of the 
above measures have resulted in not only improving the profitability of the business 
but at the same time has also eased and improved the liquidity profile of the 
Company as well. We expect the liquidity position to be fairly comfortable on the 
back of the above measures. 
 
A quick word on RECs – trading volumes continue to remain strong on the back of 
strong demand. Most of the certificates are now getting traded over the floor price. 
Demand scenario has drastically improved on the back of stringent actions of the 
regulatory agency. We have been able to liquidate our entire REC inventory once 
again during the quarter helping us fetch revenues of approx. Rs. 25 crore during the 
nine months. We could have earned even more had it not been for cyclone Gaja 
which resulted in lower units generation ~4 crore units. We are hopeful of the 
momentum sustaining in REC trading going forward as well. 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 
Another area of focus for us is the reduction of debtors. We are focused on 
collections and will look to reduce the buildup before the end of the fiscal. 
 
To conclude, I would just like to state that as mentioned by Mr. Venkatachalam 
earlier, the nine months numbers do not reveal the true position of the business when 
viewed in isolation. We are in a much better position presently, and are optimistic of 
delivering steady and consistent performance going forward.  
 
That’s all from me. We can now take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Ramakrishnan, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ramakrishnan: 
Sir, do we have any plans for share buyback given that it is now trading at around its 
52-week low? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
As I said what the market determines is something which is not in our control. The 
market is also looking at the power sector as a whole and probably reacting to 
changes or challenges that have been faced in the power sector. But looking at our 
Company itself I would not say that it is a reflection of the true performance of the 
true value of the market share of the market price that is prevalent today and 
especially today that you mentioned. Basically, there are number of positives which 
in the long term we see as positive. At this moment I am pretty bullish that going 
forward these things will improve. Of course, I cannot comment on the share market 
prices, but definitely things are in an improvement stage and things will definitely look 
much better over a period of time. 
Ramakrishnan: 
Any updates on the merger plans, earlier you were looking for expansion through 
reverse merger, some kind of things? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Yes, we are continuously in talks with various people, in fact, you are all aware that 
we had a chat with IL&FS quite some time back, that did not work out and it is also 
good that it did not happen, in fact their wind assets are up for sale and various 
people are bidding for it. In the meanwhile, we have been having preliminary 
discussions with many others and since the discussions are still very preliminary we 
will inform you as and when they gather momentum, but there is a lot of interest 
considering one is that because we are a listed entity and for the time being with the 
elections in the background and with certain challenges because the tariffs quoted 
in the power projects are little low, it will all renew after the March quarter. I must say 
that the tariffs which have been quoted low in the past, most of these projects also 
have not come up, the later tenders that came up, the SECI tenders have not been 
quoted in full, because people are expecting the tariffs to go up and many of them 
do not want to quote. So, that is another positive sign which I was talking about in a 
couple of investor calls earlier. Three to four rounds of biddings will be subdued but 
then after that probably better sense will prevail and the markets will correct further. 
Ramakrishnan: 
Earlier there was a plan in expanding one of the Andhra units to add some more 
megawatts. Is it already in operational or is it going to be a benefit for FY 19? 
S. Venkatachalam:  
No, not really, we have been in talk with the Andhra Government. At the present 
moment the Andhra Government is under little bit of strain, in fact, the only payment 
delay that we suffer is from assets that we have in Andhra. That is probably why we 
are little behind schedule in the banks, SMA zero kind of levels. With the Andhra 
Government under a little bit of strain, in fact, we have been in touch with them, they 
said they will take it up in the next quarter, this quarter is not likely to happen, next 

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
quarter in the sense probably a little after the elections is when probably all this will 
again gain momentum and we will definitely put up that project of 44 MW in the same 
site that we have in Tadipatri. 
Ramakrishnan: 
Could you give latest updates on the debt information, how much is from the OGPL 
and how much is from the management side? 
KV Kasturi: 
The total debt is around Rs.1,680 crore, out of which bank debt is around 1,200 crore 
and around Rs.480 crore is the group debt. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please 
go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Can you give more color on what is happening on the REC market, you said there is 
some bit of positivity, why do you think that will sustain? 
S. Venkatachalam:  
If you see the REC which is started in 2012, after that actually it started trading at 
premium above the Rs.1,500 floor price that was set for the REC markets, in fact it 
even went to some Rs.2,500 and so on and so forth. After that many of the obligated 
entities they felt that they can do away without actually buying the REC certificate 
and there is no pressure and since there was not much enforcement. So, obviously 
the REC is built up to almost Rs.2,000 crore and beyond and it was being discussed 
at various MNRE meets, etc., that we had with the ministry. In fact just over a year 
that is in the last five quarters at least the ministry has taken it up very strongly, in 
fact they have been pushing the Government saying that if you do not comply with 
the REC, they will not get some of the subsidies which they are entitled to do from 
the central Government side. So the power minister after Mr. Piyush Goyal, Mr. R.K. 
Singh, he is being absolutely very strict on this particular count and he has been 
enforcing this. There is actually a rush for REC and the actual generation of REC is 
not enough to cater to the demands. So, as a result, the trading sessions of this year  
has been on an average for us at about Rs.1,160, the last trading session actually 
gave me Rs.1,320. There are one or two who actually bid Rs.2,000 for the REC but 
the average price that is discovered is around Rs.1,320 for the last session. In fact, 
the last three sessions of this year, that is Jan, Feb, March seems the further 
improvements in that particular number. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, you are seeing some bit of enforcement by the ministry? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Absolutely. One more point on the REC, basically some RECs which are escrowed, 
the differential between Rs.1,500 and Rs.1,000 was set aside by the Supreme Court 
and escrowed will be central regulator that is CERC. So, particular hearing has been 
going through various postponements and finally it is going to come up for hearing 
in February. Since it is a past issue, we are quite confident that the escrowed 
amounts which is for the wind itself is about more than Rs.21 crore, the escrowed 
amount also should come back to our fold and the various other developers who had 
REC stuck on that account. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Escrowed amount in the books or is that…? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Escrowed amount is actually in the books and it is part of the receivables. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Secondly, you also said there is a bit of constraint on account of lower prices of bid. 
At what tariffs would you be comfortable in bidding and looking at growth again? 

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Today’s machines are available closer to the 40% PLF mark and considering the 
sites that are still available in Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, etc., I would say something like 
Rs.3.25, Rs.3.50 would be the range should be a sweet spot. Now, the last end at 
Rs.2.75, etc., for both solar and wind, many people did not quote because capital 
costs are among the higher side, in fact, when we quoted Rs.2.44, I think that was a 
clear aberration. The capital cost, many of them are not able to raise finances. We 
have taken very tight kind of assumptions in the excel sheet which is in terms of 
higher level of PLF, the assured payments, but in a business like this you always 
have to factor some of the uncertainties in terms of okay, bad wind year, the 
uncertain payments, they may promise you anything but they may not honor all these 
commitments, there will be some amount of grid back down, maybe even if it is 3%,-
4% it does affect your business to a certain extent and degrees have to be factored 
in, one cannot go so bullish and quote sub-Rs.3 rates at all the time and expect to 
do business because after three, four years, all these things will open out. So we see 
some sense prevailing among the bidders and there is an improving trend as far as 
these what I call the unviable bids are concerned. 
Puneet Gulati: 
On the transmission side, do you see bottlenecks or is there enough capacity in 
terms of transmission connectivity? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Huge improvement as far as that is concerned. In Tamil Nadu itself from 60% grid 
availability to over 95% grid availability that we have seen this year. Secondly, the 
national grid is also connected. So there is some amount of power, the momentary 
surpluses in power which are flowing outside the states, so there is at least that much 
amount of power is being evacuated so that we can evacuate in full. This is how the 
European grid operates. They operate between countries. So any surpluses are 
absorbed by the entire grid. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kothari from Vibrant 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Kothari: 
My question is regarding a follow up on SECI auctions. So the auctions which are 
previously taken on at the lower price level, so what is your view that, will the 
participants be able to execute at those levels and if we are going to see rise in the 
tariffs going in the future auction, then is there any penalty for them to back out and 
basically participate in newer auctions at the higher price levels? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Basically, the auctions which took place at Rs.2.44, etc., many of these projects have 
not come up and in fact the Gujarat tender also you may be aware that Gujarat had 
not allocated the lands for about almost a year after that tender. So, it is only just 
before the global investment meet or the vibrant Gujarat summit. We just came up 
with the thing that okay we have now sorted out the land issues where actually 
speaking they have not really sorted it out. What we have told the developers is why 
do you not all combine into one park so that all the infrastructure can be provided to 
you at that one park. But if I have quoted certain PLF assuming a particular wind 
spot and somebody else has quoted using another wind spot, if you ask us to 
combine; now it is definitely going to affect the overall financials. Without naming the 
party I can tell you there is one party in Tamil Nadu who had quoted Rs.3.42, has 
not been able to achieve financial closure, in fact, he is still going around the bank, 
trying to raise funds for the Rs.3.42 quote. Now, for Tamil Nadu tender, some of the 
banks and financial lenders are not really comfortable because they delay payments 
and so on and so forth. Even most of the solar tenders have not yet reached, few 
have been installed, in fact some of the companies in the solar segment also are 
running around trying to sell their old tenders which they won at let us say Rs.5 or 
Rs.4 in the past of the assets and try to fund these assets because they are not able 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
to raise finances at these exceptionally low levels. So, definitely I think common 
sense will start prevailing at some point in time. 
Sanjay Kothari: 
Is there any penalty of backing out basically if the financial closure does not happen 
and they are not able to …? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
In fact, unfortunately there are no severe penalties, it is only the bank guarantee that 
you lose whereas you have been recommending…if you are an EPC company, in 
fact, if you quote for a road project or a pipeline project or whatever and if you do not 
honor the commitments of the tender, you are actually blacklisted from that state. 
Similar thing has to be there. Right now it is only the bank guarantee which people 
are saying, okay, they are willing to take that risk but it should actually be a penalty 
which forbids you from bidding in all future tenders, you or your subsidiary companies 
in any other form. Only then some kind of pressure will come so that people will say 
that okay, if I make a wrong quote, I will be held responsible for it. Unfortunately, that 
enforcement is not still strict enough. 
Sanjay Kothari: 
How much is the bank guarantee thing – is it 5%? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
I think it varies from tender-to-tender, it is not even 5% as far as I know. 
Sanjay Kothari: 
One follow-up question; what are the sustainable tariff levels which you think that 
wherein basically players are going to participate in, we are going to see revival in 
the wind sector? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
My point of view with higher PLF machines that are available in better size which are 
still available. Rs.3.25-Rs.3.50 would be a reasonable this thing considering the 
capital cost also are going up overall, but people maybe more bullish and quote 
between Rs.3.00-Rs.3.25. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of KP Singh, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
KP Singh: 
Sir, Our company has best wind sites of the country and have very good grid 
availability above 95%. Despite of this, we are unable to show profits in last 10-years 
because you have gone with IPO of Rs.1,000 crore in 2009, 2010. So, can we think 
that wind power is a non-sustainable or non-profitable business? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
I would like to take you through the history. Okay, we went in for the IPO round about 
2010 and in the meanwhile lot of the installations came up in Tamil Nadu and we 
were also focusing on Tamil Nadu. If you go through the history, when we started, 
we were really focusing on Tamil Nadu as the best destination because the best wind 
sites are always available in Tamil Nadu. Even among the world’s wind sites, we 
stand among the top. Now, having said that, many people actually started investing 
heavily in Tamil Nadu. As a result, Tamil Nadu has got over 8,000 MW of wind 
installations and when the grid capacity or the momentary demands are only 
between 13,000 and 13,500 MW. In fact, few years back, it was even lower. As a 
result, with the power fluctuating between let us say 2,000 MW to 7,000 MW on a 
given day, the TANGEDCO that is Tamil Nadu discom was not able to absorb the 
entire amount of power and which resulted in huge amount of back-downs and which 
affected our performance also in terms of financials, in fact, on a rough count, we 
would have lost about over Rs.300 crore just in terms of grid back downs despite the 
fact that it has got must-run status. Unfortunately, there is nothing which holds the 
discom to ransom or there is nothing like fixed charges or let us say there is nothing 
like any penalty on the discoms for backing down. So they happily were backing 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
down the wind installations. As I said, over the last two, three years, this has 
improved significantly and also as we said we done away with the biomass business, 
reducing interest rate, the RECs were not trading which was adding to our cash flow 
issues. Now, all that really being a thing of the past. We have faced these challenges 
and in fact, I would say we have come out of all of them and we can only look forward 
to a much better future times to come. 
KP Singh: 
Sir, but we have spoken about it in our earlier calls as well, but our Balance sheet 
still looks weak ? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Basically there are two things to it. One is okay, we talked about the very low wind 
year which happens once in four to five years. Unfortunately, this is that year. But if 
you see after hiving off the biomass business and reducing interest rates, etc., we 
are able to take care of the banks and do a sustainable business. From our time 
when we were looking at only the group funding to take care of our business. So this 
has been a major change I would say that we have come out of all that. There are a 
lot of people who are willing to invest, but as I said… 
KP Singh: 
Sir, Amrit Environment Technologies sale is pending from two quarters? What is the 
current status?.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
No, in fact, the sale has been worked out. Basically that has a loan from IL&FS. 
IL&FS is supposed to give us the NOC for the sale. There is a little bit of turmoil as 
far as IL&FS is concerned. They are trying to sort that out and meet the right people 
because there is a complete change of Management or change of the people whom 
we were in touch with. So, I think by March or just after that we will be able to sort 
out that issue as well. 
KP Singh: 
My second question is what is the sale amount received from REC? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
The amount held in deposit for the REC, which is escrowed with the CERC is about 
Rs.21 crore which I said in a previous question that hearing in the Supreme Court 
will come up in Feb, after that which as I said we are quite confident because it is a 
thing of the past, the Government can’t hold up money for things which were a past 
and which was actually documented and agreed upon. So we are quite confident 
that this Rs.21 crore which is escrowed to the CERC will come back to us. 
KP Singh: 
You have a foreign subsidiary, in that, you have invested Rs.80.3 crore. What is the 
reason? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Basically there is 10.5 MW that we put up in Croatia and that is up and running and 
we have got a bank outstanding of only about Rs.35 crore, we have been regularly 
paying that, that site is actually in fact doing pretty well. 
KP Singh: 
This Rs.1.3 crore is the net profit sir from your foreign subsidiary Croatia? 
K.V. Kasturi: 
Yes, it will be from the foreign subsidiary. It is making profit but it is not sufficient 
because all the profits are held back because they have to meet the loan obligations 
and interest obligations, it is kept there actually. 
KP Singh: 
Sir we have been investing but the performance in terms of finance is not shown 
from last 1.5-years, we are waiting from last three years that things will improve, but 
despite of that every quarter something has happened unwanted and things are not 
improving in terms of real terms? 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
S. Venkatachalam: 
I appreciate your point but I think we will have to be little patience in long-term power 
businesses, etc., and myself pretty confident that things will change considering all 
the things that we have taken in terms of strategic initiatives. 
K.V. Kasturi: 
One is that the company has taken lot of initiatives expecting operating expenses 
reduction plus interest cost reduction. All the efforts are being made. So if you look 
back almost two years back or three years back, our interest cost used to be around 
Rs.250-275 crore. Today, we have brought down to around Rs.200 crore and we are 
exploring further interest reduction also. So, as we go, we are working on some sort 
of refinancing options for the existing debt… 
KP Singh: 
Sir, coming to your AP project, you have given advance of Rs.110 crore to your sister 
concern, but in the last three, four years it is not installed for 44 MW. So this is the 
investors money which is blocked from last three, four years without any return. So, 
all these things affected the total financial and this natural calamity is that this quarter 
we are expecting something better for a company but now you told wind conditions 
are not favoring. 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Even that Andhra project, as I mentioned, probably it will happen just after the 
elections or they may not take it up this quarter also. So there has been a delay. 
Unfortunately many of these governments when you do power business, we are at 
the mercy of the government but we have got enough this thing to take care of all 
that and we have done it in the past, okay, this has been one investment which is 
taking sometime. We do appreciate your concern but we are addressing that as well. 
KP Singh: 
Sir, the wind conditions are bad for all sites? Because you have 10 sites? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
All sites, in fact, if you can talk to any wind developer, they face the same situation 
across the country. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of PR Mehta an Individual investor 
Please go ahead. 
PR Mehta: 
Sir have two questions: What about the recovery of loan to Janati Bio Power Private 
Limited? They are not paying interest also. 
KV Kasturi:  
With respect to that loan, Janati Bio Power is our subsidiary of our parent company 
SVL Limited. This amount is definitely recoverable. We are working out a solution. 
Maybe by end of March, we should have a solution to recover the entire money. You 
do not have to worry about it. 
PR Mehta: 
ok secondly, if such wind season remains for next some years also, what is the 
planning for survival of company, any innovation or diversion or when do we expect 
positive results then? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
As I said, first and foremost this wind pattern every four to five years you have one 
wind year, which is little on the lower side, but the overall PLF which has been 
estimated in the past for 25-years period, that is normally maintained, you can talk 
to any wind developer, suppose the wind mill is rated at 27%, some years 28, some 
years 26, etc., even 25, 23, and unfortunately this aberration is this particular year. 
Having taken a number of initiatives, removing the drag on the biomass business, 
reducing interest rate, etc., even with this low wind, we see that the business is 
sustainable because we are able to at least pay back the banks, we are able to 
sustain the business without any input from any other sources which were there in 
the past from our group companies which were supporting us. If the wind improves, 

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
only things will improve further and definitely we will be in a profitable zone. Today 
even if we are not in a profitable zone at least the cash flows are well taken care of. 
PR Mehta: 
Any innovation for low wind season? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Not really. Basically, the later generations of machines compared to the old 
generations of machine, old ones which were 250 KW and 500 KW had PLF of 
between 15% and 20% depending on the wind size that you occupy. But the later 
generation machines are all talking about 35%-40%. They have got much higher hub 
hike, in fact, the height of the wind mill itself for the center of the hub is at about 120 
meters, the blades fan also is about 110-120 meters giving a higher sweep area, you 
know the wind is proportionate to the Pi r squared which is the sweep area that you 
have. So at 120 meters blade, that is the 60 meters radius as compared to the 15-
20 meters blade that you had in the past. So you can see the amount of wind that is 
still being generated. Further, our design for Class-III sites which are the lower wind 
sites which are now residually left. They kick-in at something like 3 meters per 
second itself whereas the old mills wind mills they will start producing at 3.5-4 meters 
per second and even the very old ones were starting generating at slightly higher 
wind speed. So, those innovations have taken place but these are the things for the 
future but with the existing thing, there is not much further that you can innovate but 
keep maintaining the high machine availability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Thank you so much. In fact, I think we have had a very good round of questions and 
very meaningful questions considering that we have had a low wind year and I do 
appreciate there is a lot of concerns especially when we go through such a phase. 
But I must also reiterate that we have taken number of measures and we are very 
bullish in spite of the low wind. We are only looking at something that we will only 
improve further and probably a year or two more of patience which will definitely see 
us in better stead over the years to come. Once again I say the low wind year has 
not affected the operations overall in terms of our ability to service the banks but 
once the wind improves and as we see over a period of time we will be looking at 
better realizations, better profitability or we will at least get into the profitable zone 
and we will also be able to put up a bid for more projects as the project tariff also 
improve. Thank you so much and I appreciate that you have all taken time out for a 
patient hearing to understand our business better. 
