 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2019 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 21st, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KETAN PATEL – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR - CREATIVE 
PERIPHERALS & DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 
MR. ABHIJIT KANVINDE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CREATIVE 
PERIPHERALS & DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY ADVANI - WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR - CREATIVE 
PERIPHERALS & DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Creative 
Peripherals & Distribution Limited Q3 and 9M FY19 Results Highlight 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the Company, which are based on beliefs, opinions 
and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Ketan Patel, Chairman & Managing Director, Creative Peripherals 
& Distribution Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Sir. 
Ketan Patel: 
Good morning everyone. Welcome to Creative Peripherals & 
Distribution’s Limited maiden earning conference call for the Q3 and 9M 
ended December 31st of the financial year 2018-2019. I would like to 
begin by expressing my gratitude to all of you for taking the time to join 
us today. On the call, with me today is Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde, our CFO and 
Mr. Vijay Advani, the Whole Time Director of the company and Bridge IR, 
our Investor Relations team. 
 
Since this is our first conference call, I would like to introduce our 
company and reflect on the progress we have made since inception. I 
would like to put our performance in a strategic context and throw some 
light on the foundation we have been building for our company and the 
growth prospects in the near future. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Our company started as a small proprietary trading concern, named as 
‘Creative Computers’ with 10 employees back in 1992. Today with a pan 
India presence with more than 25 locations and more than 3000 
products and 5000 distributors we are market entry and pan distribution 
specialist for global renowned brand. 
 
Our supply chain management is flexible and agile to meet the dynamic 
changes of the growing consumer electronic market in India. Over the 
years, we have managed to stay ahead of the competition by being 
nimble footed and quickly adapting to all the changes that the 
distribution business constantly demands. It is our stated mission to 
evolve as accomplished modern retail and e-commerce distribution 
specialist in the Indian and the Middle Eastern markets. 
 
We are a market entry specialist for all new brands desiring to enter 
these regions and address all the three channels, online, retail, and 
general trade. We have a unique value-added distribution model, which 
is difficult to replicate which is an entry barrier in itself. We provide end-
to-end solutions starting from market research and competition analysis 
for brands and recommend viability in specific regions across India. This 
requires specialized skill sets and experience along with adequate market 
intelligence. We then prepare a strategic plan for market entry for 
brands and their target segments. 
 
Our plans are updated and monitored regularly. Further, we then also 
conduct presales activities and marketing activities for the success of the 
brand as well as to enable our channel partners to leverage on their 
expertise. We are among the very few large distributors who conduct 
specialized training modules, events and promotional activities at the 
ground level with our channel partners. This is possible due to the 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 4 of 23 
dedication of our people and our experienced team which constantly 
track latest market developments to build a closer market connect. 
 
Our Company has a unique and specialized process, which works very 
closely across channel including large format retail, e-commerce and 
specialized retailer in all regions. We conduct regular workshops, demos 
for resellers with our dedicated corporate and retail sales team. Our 
Company’s wide range and superior logistics capabilities help us provide 
end-to-end services to customers including warrantee and post 
warrantee, high level repair services, response Centre among others. 
 
Currently, we have a strong long-term association with more than 25 
globally renowned brands, which we categorize in four divisions namely, 
IT, Lifestyle, Imaging and Security products.  
In IT products we offer an entire range of IT product like peripherals, 
printers, supply, PC components, storage, etc. This wide spectrum of 
product offered from multiple vendors has helped our company to 
achieve economies of scale and provide customer a single sourcing 
point. We have many exclusive distribution agreements and innovative 
distribution channels. 
 
The Lifestyle product has been changing rapidly. Products are now 
moving from utility perspective to experience. We offer wide range of 
products from TV, headphones, projectors, etc.  
In Imaging we have an entire range of cameras, lenses, backpacks, 
imaging accessories, etc. This category is growing aggressively as this is 
going to revolutionize the way people take images. Our company is 
setting up innovative distribution channel, training employees, helping 
client developed content to give a whole package of experience to the 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 5 of 23 
end consumers. The industry in moving from innovative products to user 
experience at all touch points and be closer to the customer. 
 
In Security, we understand the growing needs and demands for security 
products and are expanding in that direction rapidly. We are evolving 
into major players in security category with exclusive arrangements with 
global giants in this segment.  
 
Our focus is on higher operational efficiencies and adding higher margins 
and value-added products to our existing product portfolio and this 
association is a concrete step towards that direction. We are confident 
that we will be able to grow stronger from here and continue to scale 
new heights. 
 
I would like now to take you all through key developments during the 9M 
FY2019 period.  
 
The world-renowned brand Honeywell has entered into an agreement 
with us where we can design, packet and do contract manufacturing of 
SKU products under the Honeywell brand name. The design IDs of this 
manufactured product is owned by Creative Peripherals. This distribution 
agreement is for India, SAARC and now for Middle Eastern countries. 
Under this agreement, we have launched two variants of Zest Wireless 
Chargers, which is need of the hour and we expect huge demand for 
such products in India and abroad. These Zest Wireless Chargers are Qi 
certified, importable and elegant design and are compatible with all Qi 
enabled smartphone. Our Company has guaranteed protection with 
built-in over current, over voltage and over temperature.  
 
Honeywell has also extended the trademark licensing agreement 
whereby expanding our product offering to six countries including India, 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 6 of 23 
SAARC and countries in Middle East like Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain, 
Oman, Qatar and Kuwait.  
 
Our Company also has an exclusive agreement with GoPro Inc., to 
distribute their products in India since 2016, which gives our Company 
and edge in the growing market of camera. GoPro is a market leader in 
Flat Length Camera in the world. GoPro officially launched their most 
awaited camera HERO 7 in three variants, HERO 7 - Black, Silver and 
White. This camera was launched in India in October 2018, three days 
ahead of any other country outside APAC region and received significant 
traction across e-commerce platforms and the modern trade and photo 
specialist stores. The top most selling model HERO7 Black received an 
overwhelming response with selling more than 1000 units in the first 
week itself on the ecommerce giant platform.  
 
I would like to further add that our company is sole and exclusive 
distributor for InVue security products across India through its national 
wide network. InVue has brand partnership with Apple, Samsung, Google 
and Huawei in US with 75% market share. The demand in the market is 
growing for such retail security products and our company expects to 
ride the growth wave by entering this fast-growing product segment. We 
have bagged and successfully executed an order of InVue products of 
over USD 345,000 in the month of December 2018.  
 
Our Company has also entered into an agreement of selling and 
marketing of Phillips Digital signage products and DAEWOO, MEPL LED 
TVs in India. Our Company continues to focus on market penetration and 
distribution of experiential lifestyle products. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
I am also happy to share that the Board of Directors have approved the 
company’s migration from NSE SME exchange to the NSE main board 
exchange. This is in line with the vision of the company to evolve as an 
accomplished modern retail and ecommerce distribution specialist in 
India and the Middle East markets.  
 
So, from an overall business prospective this is all from my side. I will 
now hand over to Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde, our CFO who will take you 
through financial performance of the company for the Q3 and 9M ended 
December 31st, 2018. Thank you. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Thank you Sir. Good day to all the participants. I will share the highlights 
of our financial performance following which we will be happy to 
respond to your queries. 
 
Our company has achieved net revenues of Rs. 99.97 Crores for Q3 FY19, 
which is a significant year-on-year growth of 63% from Rs. 61.18 Crores 
in the same quarter last year. This is mainly on account of strong growth 
driven by key business divisions of imaging and IT specialty and niche 
brands like GoPro, Honeywell and ViewSonic. 
 
The EBITDA stood at Rs. 3.65 Crores in Q3 FY2019, an increase of 58% as 
compared to Rs. 2.3 Crores in Q3 FY2018 on the back of higher revenues 
and improving operational efficiencies. The profit after tax for Q3 FY2019 
is at Rs. 1.42 Crores as compared to Rs. 0.84 Crores in Q3 FY2018, this 
represents a growth of 70% year-on-year. Our EPS in Q3 FY2019 stood at 
Rs. 2.44 registered a growth of 69% as compared to Rs. 1.44 in Q3 
FY2018. 
 
Now I will turn to nine months ended December 31st, 2018. The net 
revenues stood at Rs. 256.51 Crores, it is a significant year-on-year 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 8 of 23 
growth of 48% from Rs. 172.79 Crores in the same period last year. This 
is mainly on account of strong growth driven by key business of imaging 
and IT specialty, especially niche brands of GoPro, Honeywell, Olympus 
and ViewSonic. The EBITDA stood at Rs. 9.14 Crores in 9M FY19 an 
increase of 73% as compared to Rs. 5.3 Crores in 9M of FY18. The EBITDA 
margins was 3.6%, an improvement of 50 basis points year-on-year on 
account of increase contribution of high margin value-added products 
like imaging and IT. The profit after tax for 9M FY19 is at Rs. 3.43 Crores 
as compared to it was Rs. 1.99 Crores in 9M of FY18. This represents a 
growth of 72% year-on-year. 
 
Our EPS for 9M stood at Rs.5.9 registered a growth of 71% as compared 
to the Rs. 3.44 in 9M of FY18. This is all from my side. Now we can open 
the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Hrudhyam Varma 
from Augmen Catalyst. Please go ahead. 
Hrudhyam Varma: 
Sir can you elaborate on the Honeywell contract that you have signed? 
Ketan Patel: 
With Honeywell, we signed the contract and the contract there are three 
preconditions from Honeywell that - Honeywell will give us preapproved 
factories where we can manufacture the products under the Honeywell 
brand name. The specification of the products will come from Honeywell 
and the quality control will be in the hand of Honeywell. On our side, we 
can price the products as per our pricing matrix and we can design the 
products IDs as per we need and Honeywell India also becomes the 
distributor of the same product for the Indian markets and when we go 
to the Middle East markets, besides Honeywell itself can become the 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 9 of 23 
distributor and we can also go to other channels to distribute these 
products and this license is for five years renewable till perpetuity till we 
keep doing the numbers what we have committed to them and they 
started, so it is now almost close to 18 months, so they started first with 
India with us then they asked us to move to SAARC and now they have 
given us the Middle Eastern markets. That is the contract with Honeywell 
right now. 
Hrudhyam Varma: 
Sir, the margins in this business so basically it will be based on like cost-
plus sales? 
Ketan Patel: 
On the licensing part Honeywell charges a royalty on the sales so 
whatever sales we do Honeywell will charge us an ‘X’ percentage. The 
pricing is free for us and usually the margin is we call something called as 
gross invoice margin or GIM. The GIM for this business is close to 
between 42% and 44%. 
Hrudhyam Varma: 
So how much would be the EBITDA here Sir? This is basically gross 
margin, right? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
EBITDA in this business particularly will be between 10% and 12%. 
Hrudhyam Varma: 
Going forward what percentage of revenues will come from, I mean, out 
of the total revenues how much would this business contribute? 
Ketan Patel: 
In the 18 months what we started the Honeywell business, now we have 
close to 48 SKUs for the Honeywell products and the factories were 
identified, the trial work was done, then we did the marketing campaigns 
so we had the videos prepared, other things prepared everything, so for 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 10 of 23 
this year, we should end up probably 350 Crores plus and Honeywell 
business will be close to 14 Crores to 15 Crores into that and next year 
we are planning the Honeywell business to be 50 Crores of our overall 
business. 
Hrudhyam Varma: 
The factories that you mentioned, so we have not made any investments 
in the factory? 
Ketan Patel: 
These are all Honeywell approved and audited factories and we do third 
party manufacturing contracts with them. The contract is also checked 
by Honeywell in terms of customer recall, in terms of quality standards 
and then we will give a contract to that company, so basically, they are 
third party contract manufacturers approved by Honeywell. 
Hrudhyam Varma: 
And the distribution that you mentioned, so Honeywell will be the 
distributor in India, or you will be selling it through your channels? 
Ketan Patel: 
Honeywell can be one of the distributors for India plus our channel. 
Today, Honeywell products are sold by Croma, Reliance, Amazon, 
Flipkart, close to 1400 of our customers and Honeywell itself. So, when 
Honeywell participates in smart city, or Honeywell goes to the electrical 
channel it also carries the Honeywell products manufactured by us. 
Hrudhyam Varma: 
Sir do we have tie ups with these ecommerce websites for our other 
products? 
Ketan Patel: 
Amazon has a company called Appario. so Appario is our customer. 
Before that they had Cloudtail. so Cloudtail used to buy from us and 
Appario and Cloudtail and Flipkart has WS retail and PayTM has their 
designated premium partners so all of them by us, not only Honeywell 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 11 of 23 
but products like GoPro, Honeywell, Olympus and a few other TV brands 
which we do. 
Hrudhyam Varma: 
That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aakanksha Banerjee an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Aakanksha Banerjee: Good morning Sir. I have a few list of questions. The first question is 
which products commands with a higher margin from our overall 
product portfolio and can you list like top five products with their 
respective margins? 
Ketan Patel: 
Akanksha thank you so much. Our business we have divided into four 
categories right now. One is IT, one is Lifestyle, third is Retail Security 
and fourth is Imaging. All IT products fall between 3% and 5% of category 
ex-Honeywell, all Lifestyle products fall between 8% and 10% of the 
category, all Imaging will fall between 15% and 18% and Retail Security is 
just a new business, which we have entered into. Retail Security also 
would be close to 20% and currently the top five contributing SKUs for us 
are GoPro, Samsung, Manfrotto, Printronix, and Honeywell. 
Aakanksha Banerjee: Thank you Sir. Sir my second question would be how are we planning to 
expand or increase our product offerings? 
Ketan Patel: 
Couple of things are there. As you know we have been in this business 
for the last 25 years now and we have a robust infrastructure of 24 
branches across India. We have close to 18 warehouses. We have now 
one fully owned subsidiary in Hong Kong to cater to the SAARC markets. 
We have the compete infrastructure ready. We are already on an ERP. 
Now we have close to 5000 channel partners, so we plan to increase the 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 12 of 23 
penetration among these channel partners and enable this channel 
partners to sell all the products what we sell, so we can contribute to 
their topline and bottom line and as we know the Indian millennial 
generation - less than 30 years of age - is close to 75%. So, two ways we 
are planning to target. One is to increase the penetration of the existing 
brands and every year try to get two or three brands, but not just 
product centric brands, brands where there is a bit of customer 
experience involved, so get these two types of products and then go all 
out with our channel partners and cater to the Indian market and the 
Middle Eastern markets. 
Aakanksha Banerjee: What would be our further growth strategy from an overall business 
perspective? 
Ketan Patel: 
From what it looks like from last year we would grow in terms of topline 
by close to 30% to 35% and bottom line we should double our 
profitability and I think for the next couple of years that is going to be the 
same trend. 
Aakanksha Banerjee: Okay. Sorry Sir, but coming back to your earlier questions, I wanted to 
like to know what will be the market strategy in the Middle East 
countries? 
Ketan Patel: 
Middle East we clearly know that we are not a top rated distributor 
there, so we have already approached three top distributors including 
Redington and one of them would agree to become our distributor for 
Honeywell brand because Honeywell brand has the much stronger 
market affinity in Middle East than in Indian markets so a lot of guidance 
comes from Honeywell also because Honeywell is present in almost 
more than 65 countries and Middle East is also one of the top markets. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Aakanksha Banerjee: I think that would be enough from my side. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghvendra Kedia from 
MH Capital. Please go ahead. 
Raghvendra Kedia: Good morning Mr. Advani and Mr. Kanvinde. Congrats on a great set of 
earning numbers. My first question is regarding the financials. In the 
presentation you have mentioned the other cost going up to Rs. 9.95 
Crores versus Rs. 6.5 Crores in the same term last year and also that is 
with the other cost and also the interest cost has gone up to Rs. 3.3 
Crores from Rs. 2.2 Crores. Can you please give some insights on these 
two entries? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Let us talk about interest first. If you refer to our balance sheet, then 
there is a term loan which we have taken to purchase a property that is 
around Rs. 5 Crores. So interest cost has gone up, the first reason is 
because of that and the second reason is because if you can see we have 
got our enhancement done in this financial year for working capital, so 
we have higher working capital now from the banks, so these are the 
two reasons by which the interest cost has gone up. As far as the other 
expenditure goes, you know, other expenditure includes all our sales, 
promotion and marketing expenditure. If you see our sales have gone up 
by Rs.171 Crores to 255 Crores, so relative expenditures like sales, 
promotion and marketing it has gone up. That is the reason you see an 
increase in total expenditure. 
Ketan Patel: 
I would like to add one more point because the brand spend, they are 
marketing dollars or money through us and GoPro 7 was a launch in the 
period of October, November and December that is why you can see the 
other expenses, because the brands would usually park their money with 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 14 of 23 
us and through us they will pay the marketing expenditure, so that is 
why, because three new launches of cameras where there, that is why 
the expense went up. 
Vijay Advani: 
It is also proportionate to the sales, when probably as there an x amount 
of sales, the parked money from the brand is much more than otherwise. 
So further sale has gone up approximately 35% to 40%, the parked 
money is also more into the kitty. 
Raghvendra Kedia: Fair enough. My next question is regarding your association with 
different brands and different companies so if you can see the online 
space Amazon, Flipkart and other names and even the physical 
showrooms like a Croma or Vijay Sales they are pretty extensively 
present in India so let us say for any brand to come to India and have its 
products launched across India choice one is to go directly to Amazon, 
Flipkart, Croma, Vijay Sales directly. Choice two would be doing the same 
thing via Creative Peripherals, so what value addition, you would do to 
them when some customer comes to you versus that company directly 
goes to the names just mentioned above. How does Creative Peripherals 
play a differential role when somebody approaches you versus going 
directly? 
Ketan Patel: 
Raghvendra, I will answer this question. First, I would like to tell you 
something that if you see overall for the last 10 to 15 years, products and 
specification for any products has lost its value. Today if you see any TV it 
has similar feature, if you see any mobile phone it has similar features, if 
you see any car, if you see any bike, all have similar features. So, product 
and specifications have completely lost its value. Wherever you can 
share on the social, and wherever you can give a great customer 
experience those products are only being bought by the customer and in 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 15 of 23 
that products only you get a cost plus say a 10x margin or cost plus say a 
5x margin. So, for example, in that category you could have an iPhone or 
you could have a Harley Davidson bike or for example for that you can 
have a camera such as GoPro, which is a six year old company or for 
example, Olympus is there, or we have one more company in our 
portfolio called Manfrotto and GITZO. So these companies are there and 
these companies they completely realize that if we deliver a world-class 
customer experience then only our products will have demand and we 
will not become a generic brand, and these all companies when they 
come to India usually they take the short cut, so they would try to take a 
direct route, try to go to a Croma, try to go to Amazon and then they 
quickly realize in a couple of months’ time that the customer experience 
bit is not being done very well in growth mode and they do not have 
time to look at the brand strategy to be executed well and if the brand 
strategy is not executed well and the customer experience is not 
delivered, then the brands tend to fail, so that has been and we have 
seen a lot of American brands entered India and went back because their 
customer execution was not delivered very well. And to deliver this 
customer experience you require scale and skill, you cannot be just a 
Mumbai centric company selling in Mumbai, you should be able to give 
the same customer experience across India, you should have 
partnerships not only in online but in online, offline, Mom & Pop stores 
also you should have partnership with specialty retail stores and 
currently in India we are the only company kind of who has got this scale 
and skill, which has got the relationship across the channels. So, for 
example I will give you a case of GoPro. Before GoPro came to India two 
years back, they had a sale of half a million dollars. This year GoPro we 
would do close to USD 12 million December ending and what changed 
for GoPro is that when GoPro came to us we had 22 advocates who 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 16 of 23 
could write about GoPro. We had close to 18 people who could create 
content for GoPro which the customers could see and then we took 
GoPro to Harley Davidson and today any test drive you do on a Harley or 
any hog which Harley does, GoPro is an essential part of that team. 
Similarly, we did that with Ducati, similarly that we did with all 
photographic too, so a brand, which is really serious of customer 
experience and wants to execute if strategy rise would always prefer us 
than any direct route. That is one. Second just the product is not then 
who will look at service, who will look at imports, who will look after their 
social strategy, so all these things we do, so whenever a brand comes to 
us usually these are our criteria. We see whether the brand is number 
one, number two in the world then we take up that brand, second is will 
we be able to do any value addition to that brand because we do not do 
a value addition to that brand, then probably the brand will move away 
from us, so that is the second tick point for us. Third is whether they give 
us exclusivity for a three to five-year period then only we sign up with 
that brand. So usually you get 20 brands but out of that you can sign only 
two or three with whom your match making will be correct. So that is 
how we are doing that. Currently we have the best fulfillment partner for 
Reliance for the last three years. When you say fulfillment partner is how 
many times they give order, and how many times the orders were 
replenished on time, because their retail sales will go down, so Reliance 
or a Croma will take a lot of time to do a multilevel of this product, so we 
have an advantage currently and since we are exclusive, wherever, 
whichever product sells the pipe has to be us that is how we have right 
now structured our business. 
Vijay Advani: 
To add two more points to this, one is that previously GoPro when came 
to India through some other distributor who was catering to not more 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 17 of 23 
than 18 stores in all India, so we are now catering to more than about 
150 stores which are camera special stores and secondly as a fulfillment 
award which we got for this reason plus also one more thing that we see 
that the material which we supply to them, which is from the 
Washington DC, USA  from their warehouse to their stores for sales on 
time. So, whenever the customer comes to the shop it is our 
responsibility to see that the product is available on the shelf. 
Raghvendra Kedia: Thanks. My last question is regarding the positive triggers in the 
company, I see this Asia expansion going into new geographies as a very 
good trigger in the month ahead, and also this Honeywell venture or 
where you have actually kind of some association in the manufacturing? 
Ketan Patel: 
It is a licensee agreement where we can use the Honeywell brand for a 
certain range of products. 
Raghvendra Kedia: That also we have seen as a positive development, ahead in the future, 
what more triggers or game changes can we expect from Creative 
Peripherals considering largely if you see the legacy, it has been probably 
an importer and a distributor, obviously the graduation to the next level 
where you have become a regional Asia player as well as this licensee 
agreement on these lines or in the future scope of business what can we 
expect from Creative Peripherals? 
Ketan Patel: 
Raghvendra one of the things we can say is we are a late bloomer kind of 
a company. We got over Mojo only correct for the last three to four 
years now and there are a lot of opportunities like Honeywell. We can 
talk to brands like Phillip for personal healthcare, we can talk to a brand 
like Printronix to expand their guideline and we can so for Creative if you 
ask me what are we going to do for the next three years, one is that first 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 18 of 23 
stabilize the Honeywell business and try to get a couple of more licenses 
like Honeywell and with a named company, so either get Phillips, or get 
Kodak in that line. So that is one of the business. Second is that because 
these are all accessories and lifestyle product, we have seen that the per 
capita income for Middle East and per capita income for Asian market is 
much higher than India and people tend to spend on electronics and 
accessories at a much more value than that of India so we set up a 
subsidiary in Hong Kong which will help us that when you go from a state 
that you are a company which is in Hong Kong and wants to access the 
Asian market your acceptance is much better, so for the next couple of 
years we are going to go and deeply penetrate India and for Asian 
market and the Middle East market, we will penetrate with the help of 
Honeywell and Hong Kong office and develop a robust structure base. 
we clearly know that to build up a distribution business of the right angle 
we require 15 years of kind of a time, so in this market, we will go as 
brand and appoint distributors there and through them access the 
market. So basically these two points are there and we think that from 
the technology point of view, retail security is going to become the top 
most thing, because in India also we are still at a very infant stage in 
terms of retail whereas today Alibaba has a man less store in Shanghai 
called the Hema Stores where they have put in artificial intelligence and 
a lot of other retail security solutions, so we want to cater to that 
market, learn that trade and again redeploy it in India. So, these two 
places are there where we would want to look at more growth, one is 
retail security and second is deeper penetration in India and exploiting 
the Middle East and Asian markets with brand Honeywell. 
Raghvendra Kedia: That is great. Thanks a lot. That is all from my side. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akash Jain from Ajcon 
Global Services. Please go ahead. 
Akash Jain: 
Congratulations Sir on a very good set of numbers. My question is when 
are we expected to list on the main board of NSE and with the 
partnerships like Vitec Group of Italy, Honeywell, what can be the 
expected ROE for say the next five years? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
The first criteria to list is completion of two years on SME exchange, so 
that is we are completing two years in mid-April. Any time after say May 
we would be eligible to list in the main board. That is your answer to 
your first question. What was your next question? 
Akash Jain: 
What can be the expected ROE if we take say next five years picture 
considering partnerships with Vitech Group of Italy, Honeywell, 
Samsung? Any ballpark number that we aspire to achieve? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
ROE for FY18 is around 10.3%, and we are looking at and it is a five-year 
horizon so very difficult to comprehend but we are looking at around 
17% ROE ballpark. 
Akash Jain: 
As an investor, what best can we expect from retail security imaging, 
how much they can account say within the next two or three years since 
they are having higher margins? 
Ketan Patel: 
Currently our business is 65% in IT and 35% is Imaging and Lifestyle 
which we will probably get it to 50:50 by the 2019-2020 financial year 
end, so 50% will come from IT and 50% from imaging & lifestyle, so the 
blended gross profit should be between 9% and 10% put together 
everything. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 20 of 23 
Akash Jain: 
Great Sir. Thank you. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dinesh Kotecha from 
KRIC. Please go ahead. 
Dinesh Kotecha: 
Good afternoon. Sir, two micro financial questions which I want is one 
your other income rose by 92% compared to the last quarter, so can you 
give some breakup of that other income, other operating income? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
The other income has gone up because there has been a foreign 
exchange gain in this quarter and the last quarter. That is the clear 
reason and that is the only reason why the other income has gone up. 
Dinesh Kotecha: 
Sir secondly the inventory has gone up by more than 9 Crores 
incrementally compared to the last quarter? 
Ketan Patel: 
I think I will answer that question. The sales went up by close to 40% to 
42% above the last quarter, so that is why and inventory is always a point 
of time in the month, so when we end the month usually our material 
will move out and the material would have come in from the brand . 
Dinesh Kotecha: 
Sir last question, how many new products are envisaged to be launched 
in the last quarter of 2019? 
Ketan Patel: 
We have finalized with a brand called ThermalTech. It is the number two 
gaming brand in the world and so that is one. And we are already in talks 
with another two companies. 
Dinesh Kotecha: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Srivastava an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Rahul Srivastava: 
Thank you for the opportunity. One clarification, what is the property 
that we have bought, if you can tell me about it then I ask further? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
What we have done, we had couple of offices in Mumbai. So now we 
have consolidated these offices and bought one property, and everybody 
has moved into that office. We have one office now, which is two floors 
of one building, so that has cost us around Rs.7 Crores. Now that has had 
a saving also because couple of offices we had were on rent and that 
rental income, rental expense has gone down in your P&L. The second 
point is that there are operational efficiencies involved when you sit 
together in under one roof, so from that convenience and operational 
efficiencies I think we are doing well. 
Rahul Srivastava: 
In fact, this is exactly what my next question was in line, if there are 
efficiencies both in terms of operations and financials then how much of 
it do we actually get advantage out of it? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
If you see the interest cost, additional incremental interest cost because 
of borrowing for the office, would be approximately Rs.3 lakhs per 
quarter, and we would have effectively saved Rs.1.5 lakhs per quarter on 
the efficiencies, so effectively Rs.1.5 lakhs per quarter would be an 
additional outflow. 
Ketan Patel: 
To answer your question in a different way, by having this new office, we 
have almost doubled the space to use and I think, so if you have to 
overall put a ballpark figure, I think, a quarter of percent yearly, this new 
office will add to the bottom line in terms of efficiencies. 
Rahul Srivastava: 
That is encouraging, so we are not a property driven business that is 
resulting into some kind of savings on the bottom line so we are 
investing into it? 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes Sir. 
Rahul Srivastava: 
Another clarification rather we have divided our business into four 
segments and the overall margin for us happens to be about 3% to 3.5% 
on the EBITDA front but when we say the top five selling brands are 
probably in other IT segments? 
Ketan Patel: 
Top selling brands are Samsung, GoPro, Manfrotto & Honeywell. So, 
Samsung and Printronix are in IT, GoPro, Manfrotto are in Imaging. 
Honeywell is an IT, but Honeywell is into licensing. It will give us close to 
42% gross margins. So, we can consider Honeywell differently, so right 
now out of the top five brands two are IT and two are Imaging. 
Ketan Patel: 
Just one more point to add, our business works in a way that if you do a 
monthly sale of say Rs.15 Crores, you have not done earn anything and 
post Rs. 15 Crores everything starts coming to the bottom line and that is 
why you are seeing change in the profit because for the last quarter we 
would have done almost 30 Crores a month. So after 15 Crores even a 
3% will add to the full year bottom line. That is the kind of logic we work 
with. 
Rahul Srivastava: 
Fair enough. Thank you. Great year ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that is the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for his closing comments. 
Ketan Patel: 
I thank the entire team of ‘Creative’ for this untiring effort, hard work, 
and sincerity. Also, I appreciate all of you for participating in the maiden 
earnings conference call. Do get in touch with our IR team for any further 
questions. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
January 21, 2019 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Creative Peripheral & 
Distributions Limited that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
