  
  
  
  
     
  
  
  
     
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Office: 
 
  
 
Registered Office: 
 
  
 
CIN 
:  L65991DL1990PLC041796 
1st and 3rd Floor, Plot No 97, 
  
 
5th Floor, Kundan Bhawan 
  
 
Landline No 
:  0124‐4715400 
Sector‐44, Gurugram ‐ 122003 
  
 
Azadpur Commercial Complex, 
 
E‐Mail ID 
:  info@satincreditcare.com 
Haryana, India 
 
  
 
Azadpur, New Delhi ‐ 110033, India 
 
Website 
:  www.satincreditcare.com 
 
 
 
February 7, 2019 
 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip Code: SATIN  
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400023 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539404 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Update on Conference Call held on February 5, 2019; 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in furtherance to our letter dated February 4, 2019 with respect 
to Conference Call held on February 5, 2019, we hereby submit the transcript of such conference call 
with this letter as an Annexure-1. 
 
We request you make this updates public by disclosing the same at your website. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Choudhary Runveer Krishanan) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHOUDHARY 
RUNVEER 
KRISHANAN
Digitally signed by 
CHOUDHARY RUNVEER 
KRISHANAN 
Date: 2019.02.07 15:06:12 
+05'30'

 
 
 
“Satin Creditcare Network Ltd Q3FY19 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HP SINGH – CMD, SATIN CREDITCARE NETWORK 
LIMITED 
MR. JUGAL KATRIA – CFO, SATIN CREDITCARE 
NETWORK LIMITED 
MR. DEV VERMA – COO, SATIN CREDITCARE 
NETWORK LIMITED 
MS. ADITI SINGH – HEAD CAPITAL MARKETS AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS, SATIN CREDITCARE NETWORK 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ALOK SHAH – CENTRUM BROKING 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Satin Creditcare Network Ltd Q3FY19 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Centrum Broking Limited. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing * and 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Aalok Shah 
from Centrum Broking Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Aalok Shah: 
Thanks Janice. Good morning all on behalf of Centrum Broking. We welcome you for Satin 
Creditcare’s Q3 FY19 results update and an update on the business. From the management’s end 
today we have Mr. HP Singh – CMD, Mr. Jugal Katria – CFO, Mr. Dev Verma – COO and Ms. 
Aditi Singh – Head Capital Markets and Investor Relations. Without taking much of your time 
I would hand over the call to Singh Sir, post which we can take up questions and answer session. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
HP Singh: 
Thank you Alok. Good morning everyone. Presenting to you the key highlights of our 
performance in the last quarter. 
In terms of our geographical expansion – we have started our footprints in south thereby taking 
the number of states where we operate now the states and the union territory is about 23, serving 
about 35 lakh customers. We started operations in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Pondicherry in 
Quarter 3 of FY19. 
On a consolidated basis our AUM has reached Rs. 6,208 crores, an increase of about 27% YoY. 
We have added 52 new branches through the quarter taking the total number of branches to 1,118 
and we have added 123 branches in the last 9 months. The PAT has registered a YoY growth of 
49% and a QoQ growth of about 56% to Rs. 71 crores for Q3 FY19. Our 9 months PAT stood at 
Rs. 145 crores against the FY19 guidance of Rs. 165 crores. It is up by 290% YoY. The company 
has registered an ROA of 4.2% and ROE of 27.6% for the quarter. 9 months ROA stood at 3% 
and ROE at 19.6%. And ROE for one of our subsidiary companies, Taraashna, stood at 26.02% 
for the period ended December 2018. The net worth stood at about Rs. 1,071 crores with a capital 
adequacy of 30.1%. The company’s cost to income ratio for the quarter stood at 46.2% as 
compared to 54% in the last quarter. 
The managed portfolio under the tie-up with IndusInd Bank is now at Rs. 407 crores. It is up 
from Rs. 215 crores from the last quarter. The Gross NPA of the company is at 3.2% and 
provisions are at about 2% for this quarter. Collection efficiency for loans disbursed after January 
2018 is at 99.5% which is thereby signaling a return to the normalized collection levels pre-
demon. 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Our blended collection efficiency is nearing 99% and just to mention that we have had a recovery 
of close to about Rs. 11.5 crores from the write-off in the last 9 months. The draw-downs have 
witnessed a YoY increase of 65% to Rs. 3,829 crores for the period ending December 2018 
including securitization and assignment transactions of Rs. 1,301 crores. 
Our funding mix is very balanced with the right mix of term loan, NCDs and DA. We do not 
have dependence on CPs or Mutual Funds. The share of NBFCs in the category of our lenders 
has come down to 15% from 24% in the last quarter. We are one of the first MFIs to launch into 
fintech with an app called Loan Dost. It is a digital lending platform and we are looking at some 
traction in that application also. We have received our NBFC license for Satin Finserve Limited, 
to build an MSME book taping the huge distribution outreach of Satin. And MSME as well as 
housing finance businesses are taking good shape with very good portfolio quality. 
Thank you so much and I open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We will take the first question from the line of Piyush Chhada from Serendip. Please go 
ahead. 
Piyush Chhada: 
Just had one query on the assignment we have done this quarter, we have done roughly Rs. 890 
crores of loan assignments. How do we recognize income on this? Is it upfronted or is it 
amortized over the life of the loan? 
Management: 
We have done Rs. 755 crores of assignment during this quarter. As per IND AS the income has 
to be recognized at the time of selling the portfolio, so we have done the same.  
Piyush Chhada: 
So, it is an upfront recognition, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Agastya Dave: 
Could you talk us through Slide #21 and #22 and I for one am still hardwired to the old 
accounting of NPAs and am still like struck with standard asset provisioning and all that. So, can 
you just talk us through this how is the transitioning happening? In future first of all because of 
the business realities what kind of provisions and credit costs we can expect and second is what 
is a good number going to be like because it seems like you can have a very low NPAs for a long 
time and then there could be a spike for the company. So, how is this credit cost going to pan 
out over a period of time from the accounting point of view? The second thing is the same 
question from a business point of view, what are you seeing on the ground? Are you seeing any 
threat of slippages because of the political environment? Any commentary on that? And finally, 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
sir, on the securitization and assignment side, if you can just tell us about the yields at which 
these are done?  
Management: 
I would probably start with Slide #20. We have tried to explain that how the collection efficiency 
or the portfolio that we generated before January 2018 and after January 2018 has panned out. 
So, the portfolio that we have created from January 2018 to December 2018 which is 
representing 78% of the portfolio is yielding 99.5% cumulative collection efficiency. And the 
portfolio before January 2018 that is yielding 98-point collection efficiency. There again there 
is an improvement if you see in the previous quarter the collection efficiency on the portfolio 
that we created from January 2017 to December 2017 was 97.7%. There also there is an increase, 
it is about 98.2%. If I go to Slide #21, there again if you see overall the collection across buckets 
have improved, the PAR has improved, the gross buckets from March 2017 to December 2018. 
So, PAR1, PAR30, PAR90 all buckets are showing improvement. The gross NPA is about 3.2% 
and we have made an ECL provision according to the trends for about 2%. And we feel that we 
still have an overdue of about Rs. 85 crores which is more than 90 days. So, as against Rs. 85 
crores of overdue we still have provision of about Rs. 114 crores. We are getting some recovery 
out of the amount that we have already written off, so have collected about Rs. 11.4 crores out 
of the amount that have already been written off. So, all the efforts on the grounds are yielding 
results and we are focusing totally on the portfolio quality rather than focusing on growth for 
some time, so that it is at the pre-demon level. 
Management: 
And taking a cue from there I think you asked me a question that how is it on the ground. On 
the ground whatever is happening across I think with loan waivers and everything you know 
elections and all that stuff, the moot point is that if you look at the collection efficiency of the 
new portfolio, it is at about 99.5%. So, nothing probably is destabilizing anything onto the 
ground and this is how it is going to go further. Just a small point to add onto that – even in this 
scenario we as a company we have been able to recovery about Rs. 12 crores worth of write-off 
amounts, speak of how probably the ground is also looking at PAN India wherever we are 
operating especially these impacted territories wherever they are. So, that is the cue which you 
can probably look at. 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, some of the banks are very worried about SME and MSME loans and also, we keep on 
hearing slightly worrying thing about Mudra Loans, so are you seeing any trends on the SME 
and MSME side? You are just about starting the business I believe, right? 
Management: 
That is right. I think we are just starting our business, so one of the very fine prints which we 
want to develop as we go forward that is we are going to capitalize on our distribution outreach 
of microfinance. So, what we are looking at is probably the missing mid-lane, not typically the 
SME which I think here a lot of SME players do it. Since we have a distribution outreach, we 
will be looking at maybe majorly the rural SME piece where the loan amount would probably 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
be slightly lesser than what normally is given out on SME. So, we are looking at one of the 
products which probably would be rolled out between about 1 lakhs to about 5 lakhs for this 
kind of SME. This could also be a graduation of a lot of our customers who now probably require 
more amounts in terms of their income generating activities as compared to what microfinance. 
So, for us we are on a different platform altogether and what we are looking at in terms of our 
future for SME also, I think a lot of it is going to hinge upon this piece also as a product.  
Agastya Dave: 
Sir the securitization rate and also your cost of funds other than securitization. 
Management: 
Sir blended cost of borrowing is close to about marginal cost is about 11.5%. There are a few 
lenders who have increased the rate a little bit but considering our comfortable capital position, 
ALM position etc. thankfully we are getting funding. As far as rates are concerned assignment 
securitization, we are getting roughly 1.25% to about 1.5% higher margin then what we get 
roughly around 9.75 to 10% on our on-book portfolio.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
My question is on we are expanding our operations in the southern region also, so (a) there are 
already very strong MFI in those regions and secondly, how we will be competing because our 
cost of funds is higher than those players? So, could you throw some light what is the strategy 
behind getting into those markets where things are very strong and MFI operating and cost of 
fund advantage will not be there for us? 
Management: 
I think we have a different view. Firstly, after demonetization I think one of the lessons learned 
is that technically you will have to diversify your geographical presence. Having said that, it is 
just been starting of the operations but there is still a lot of territory left in these markets also 
where MFIs have probably not taken a deep dive into the geography as such. So, we are getting 
demand from there which is probably looked at by the credit bureaus also. So, it has been there. 
The other is I think the credit bureau works very well across for MFIs. Definitely there is no this 
thing. There is still a lot of penetration which has to be done in the Southern territories. So, for 
us our whole focus is to probably be geographically diversified and have a PAN India operation. 
In terms of our cost of funds, I think we have been stable in spite of the fact that we have opened 
up so many branches across over there. Also is the fact that we have added more manpower to 
go forward and look for how we are able to get back our write off amounts back. So, all that 
taken into queue our OPEX ratio is being stable for the last two quarters. So, we feel that once 
we are probably be able to able to realize the benefits of a deep dive into the southern markets, 
our OPEX will definitely take somewhat of a downturn from there. So, having said that, having 
operations over the last 3-4 months, the major peak of probably our branch expansion has taken 
shape. So, I think it will probably be better in terms of OPEX ratios from hereon.  

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Manish Ostwal: 
The second question on the growth side, what is our growth outlook going ahead given the tight 
security in the system and secondly, we have already got the SME license for SME financing 
business, so what are the plans over there? 
Management: 
I think of the SME I just said in the last question that we are looking at probably rural SME 
because of our distribution outreach. One of the products which we are seriously considering to 
look at is our microfinance borrows who have had 6 to 8 cycles with us and they want to upgrade 
their income generating activities. They need a higher loan. That is probably one of the best 
markets, we can look at SMEs once we start our operations in the SME company. The second 
point which you said I think liquidity has not been a problem ever. So, for us what we are looking 
at is not because of liquidity or anything, we wanted to do more of portfolio quality work for the 
last quarter as such given the way the market was panning out to be. We have enough liquidity 
for us to grow technically on a reasonable level of about 25-30% year on year. That is what our 
whole theme is all about. That is not a challenge. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mandora: 
This is with respect to the assignment transaction, when we compute the upfront fees, upfront 
income, so in that whatever is OPEX that we would intend in the future that thing is also adjusted 
in that calculation. Is that correct? 
Management: 
No, I do not think that is permitted. We discussed that internally, should we make a provision 
against that. I do not think the standard allows that. 
Management: 
It is a normal OPEX which we do in terms of how our collection pans out. That is the normal 
OPEX which is going to come over there. 
Rohan Mandora: 
So, that OPEX expense we would incur in future and there is no corresponding income against 
that.  
Management: 
Yes, that is going to happen because that is what the standard says means if we do not have 
flexibility to make some provision for the future expenses right now. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sameer Dalal from Natwarlal & Sons. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Dalal: 
My question is in regards to the fact that you will, put 40% of your current branches towards 
IndusInd Bank for the banking correspondence and the work. So, your capital requirement is 
going to start coming down because you are not going to have these zones in your book. So, 
does that mean at least that going forward we would not see as many equity dilutions that we 
have seen in the past, the fund raising as we have seen in the past? 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Management: 
Do you want to take it on the positive side? 
Sameer Dalal: 
I think so. Is that a fair assumption or would you require more capital for the SME book and the 
MSME book? And the second question is how do you want to take that as a percentage of your 
overall loans? Like when we look at your company say 2-3 years down the line, where do you 
think the balance between the housing loans, the microfinance loans and SME loans how would 
it look at company as overall? 
Management: 
Let me get back to your first question which sounded a little bit more positive in terms of how 
our capital adequacy will take shape. Yes, you are right, I think the tie-up was also done based 
on how do we strengthen our balance sheet, how we go forward plus how do we have on-tap 
funding whenever things like these liquidity crisis arise. I think if we really look at it we are 
probably the best ones to address this liquidity overhang at any point of time moving forward. 
So, that is how we are trying to look at it from our standpoint. Dilution will be yes, probably it 
will be less but I think dilution might happen at some stage where we feel that it is proper to 
infuse more funds in our subsidiaries for MSME as well as for housing. Having said that, I think 
how we are trying to really look at the mix, how it will probably do at – we are building up from 
scratch the books of MSME as well as for housing. Housing today stands at about Rs. 45 crores. 
We feel that I think 3 years is not a proper time to really look at it but if I give you maybe an 
insight into how 5 years down the line how will it look, with an increase of about 25-30% on 
our microfinance portfolio, I think we will have a mix of about 2/3rd and 1/3rd microfinance and 
non-microfinance. So, non-microfinance would probably be 1/3rd of our total AUM 5 years 
down the line. 
Sameer Dalal: 
Also any additional tie-ups planned like similar to, IndusInd, I know that IDFC First Bank had 
invested in your company, so any possible tie-ups with someone like them for further banking 
correspondence work or would you like to grow some of your microfinance book also on your 
own books? 
Management: 
I think we are happy with IndusInd Bank and they have taken the major share. We would also 
like to grow our own book. So, for us we have an exclusive contract arrangement with IndusInd 
Bank and Satin. So, I think that will work. But having said that I think we are probably not averse 
to any kind of a major tieup happening in our subsidiary company Taraashna which probably 
can take shape at some point of time. We are evaluating a few things in Taraashna also. Let us 
see when and how these things materialize. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from Rare Enterprise. Please go ahead. 
Kaustuv Bubna: 
As we move into 2019 and further what are the risks and concerns in your mind as management 
with the industry and as you carry forward business everyday? 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Management: 
I think the biggest what we have handled is demonetization and then we have followed up with 
liquidity crisis and everything. But my own sense is I think we are probably becoming veterans 
in handling crisis across wherever you come from. So, my own sense is that election, loan 
waivers, liquidity overhangs, IL&FS, demonetization, everything. We have had so much in 
plenty and still we have been able to survive, we have been able to grow, we have been able to 
increase our profitability. It speaks well of how we are able to address crisis for us. So, our own 
sense is, it makes us stronger and as a management team I think we hope we are able to address 
anything which comes over. But we will take it how it goes and we are well used and adapted to 
maybe navigate all these things coming in the future. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. Please go ahead. 
Agastya Dave: 
Now that we are normalizing post all these crisis, what would be your sense on the credit cost 
going forward? You gave me some breakup of everything and I understood most of it but going 
forward what would be the natural level of credit cost that you expect? What will be the credit 
cost approach? Which numbers are good to pencil down? 
Management: 
I think we did speak about this when we were hit by demonetization and to be honest we were 
probably the worst hit amongst all the MFIs. We have still maintained at that point of time that 
yes, we will bounce back and we have done fairly very strongly in terms of our comparable peers 
as such. Having said that I think what we are focusing now, since the last 2-2.5 years, is majorly 
on the portfolio quality. And our own sense is I think this collection efficiency of 99.5% which 
typically would give you a credit cost of 0.5-0.75%. I think we are looking at this collection 
efficiency moving forward. Now if this collection efficiency, the way we have handled it in the 
last 1.5 years as such, after disbursement from January 2018, I think if that holds true, your credit 
cost numbers probably will come out from there. So, it will be within that range where our 
collection efficiency is there 99.5% and it hopes to remain over there. So, that is how we are 
looking at the future. So, credit cost will fairly be very-very insignificant as compared to what 
it was earlier when we had these huge hits coming in.  
Agastya Dave: 
Have your loan rejection rates gone up post all these? Have you tightened your underwriting 
standards? What are the changes that you have done? 
Management: 
There have been a slight increase, definitely yes in the rejection rates, it has been there. Our 
processes are very well tightened with technology taking the major face of how we operate in 
our geographies. We have got a very strong risk team which is working definitely whenever we 
are starting operations. Like the way we started operations in South, we had a full-blown survey 
done by our risk team and everything across with it. Processes yes, are getting more 
technologically efficient which would thereby definitely lead in terms of a portfolio quality 
which the way I have earlier said are panning out to be. So, that definitely is there.  

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir you have a lot of capacity on the balance sheet size because of the high capital adequacy but 
on the P&L side given the level of OPEX that you are incurring every year, at that level what 
kind of portfolio can you sustain? I mean your physical capacity of disbursing loans for a year, 
what is the maximum capacity given the current level of investments you have on the ground? 
Management: 
I do not get your question, how the capacity is working out to be. 
Agastya Dave: 
So, you talk about x number of branches, how many of them have saturated their business 
potential? How many of them are operating at 100% utilization in terms of loan disbursements; 
that beyond this point they cannot disburse any further loans because then like they have 
penetrated catchment area completely. 
Management: 
I think we will have to probably understand how this whole operates. Probably major of our 
branches were in the impacted territories where demonetization took a hit. If I give you just 
maybe a simple answer to it we are present in half the districts in UP. So, today technically we 
have so much of room for increase in our scalability growth that it does not hurt us. The other 
thing is what you are trying to say that how many branches are saturated. Whenever this thing 
happens across, there is a simple phenomenon, you actually split those branches. So, saturation 
at any point of time does not affect our OPEX or our room of scaling of growth. So, that is not 
a point of concern for us at any point of time.  
Agastya Dave: 
Final question sir, you have started cashless disbursements I saw in the presentation. How far 
away are we from cashless collections? 
Management: 
I cannot diverse too many things right now but yes, we are looking at a few pilots which might 
give us an answer to how cashless collections would probably be done. And based on our 
technological digital lending platform I think we are looking at a couple of things more besides 
that. So, let us see, we might have an answer pretty soon onto that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rajeev Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
A few questions in terms of – just wanted your comments in terms of how the group discipline 
is behaving in some of the existing geographies where we are there in terms of possible 
attendance levels out there and secondly on the process of group formation in the new geography 
that we have entered, and in particular the southern regions. Is it just that we are kind of booking 
people based on the gains or you are also trying to ensure that the social connect so that the JLG 
model can withstand any form of challenge? 
Management: 
I think JLD has – I think the baseline is always the social connect when we do JLD operations. 
Having said that, probably if we look at how the credit culture has moved after demonetization 
and everything, I think there were hiccups after demonetization for a certain period of time but 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
I think the whole culture has come back now. We are also looking at a few products where we 
are able to build up this rapport with our existing borrowers. I think that is probably also been 
one of the things where attendances have now gone up significantly even in the impacted 
territories. Having said that I think our South foray definitely yes, the connect has always been 
our mainstay. We definitely would keep on doing that in terms of our operations in South. And 
I believe I think I have done 30 years of my life now into all this. I believe probably as a business 
model Joint Liability Group, the JLG model is probably one of the most better ones in terms of 
retail rural financial services at any point of time. We still believe in that. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
What will be the central meeting attendance levels in some of the existing geographies? 
Management: 
An abstract figure which I can give you is, 80% of our centers are averaging about (+85%) 
attendance.  
Rajeev Mehta: 
And just lastly in terms of provisioning whereas we can see that your holding book provision 
overdue a month, are we thinking of creating a buffer for the future, unexpected risks which can 
come in or are we also kind of falling back on some of the expected recoveries from the written-
off pool which is why we are not trying to create a slightly larger buffer? 
Management: 
I think Rajeev two things which you will have to keep in mind. Definitely yes, as compared to I 
do not know how the figures are panning out for other players but we definitely feel that we have 
done significant efforts and there has probably been somewhere we feel that the advantage of 
having write-off recovery is coming, have been pretty significant in terms of our case. And we 
look forward towards just looking at this because we feel that once the culture dies down you 
really also have to go back to the borrowers as such, so that nobody can probably take our money 
to them. That is what our feeling is. That is something which we are looking at and that is a 
bonus whatever is coming in because people definitely do not do anything write-off. We still 
work on it. So, that is a bonus which will come. The other thing I think what we are trying to 
build up also and which I probably said earlier is also our tie-ups with IndusInd Bank and our 
levels of DA and securitization and everything which is happening across. We are building that 
buffer through our profitability, our increased margins coming from there. And if our 
requirements, that is a reserve which we are trying to build up in terms of our way forward. So, 
these are the few things which we are trying to really look at. 
Rajeev Mehta: 
Would you want to guide us through FY20 expected ROA-ROE considering a normalized 
securitization or assignment levels what are we targeting from FY20? 
Management: 
I cannot give you exact figures but definitely yes, a large improvement from where we are. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Riddesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Satin Creditcare Network Ltd 
February 5, 2019 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Riddesh Gandhi: 
Just had a question with regards to the risks you perceive with IndusInd becoming a larger 
percentage of your book and any potential conflict of interest with recent closure of the 
acquisition of financial and if you are kind of considering or diversifying the relationship with a 
few other executive banks as well.  
Management: 
I think if I answer your question, whatever I think is there it has been all there in the contract 
with IndusInd Bank and both the managements of IndusInd Banks as well as Satin, we have had 
a clear understanding of our way forward and that is the reason why this was probably one of 
the things which was captured in the contract between the two managements. Our tie-up with 
IndusInd Bank came after their acquisition of Bharat Financials. So, I think it is very clear that 
the reasons why we are looking at both the managements getting together is again growth, even 
after having acquired Bharat Financials, so I think that is there. The other thing which we also 
have, since we have IndusInd in Satin but we have a BC company Taraashna so we have a couple 
of partners across over there. We will definitely try and leverage that balance sheet also in terms 
of how we increase probably our tie-ups in that company which will lead to maybe an extra 
growth even in that company which will indirectly benefit Satin also. 
Riddesh Gandhi: 
And with regards to your actual release – fine that you guys are close to achieving I think in the 
nine months your entire FY19 guidance, is there any revision on how much you would be 
looking to do because I mean typically in Q4 ends up being the strongest quarter.  
Management: 
We didn’t revise it because we know that we will surpass that, that is very clear but we have not 
given a guidance so let us see how this quarter pans out and you are right I think what you said, 
the last quarter is always probably one of the strongest quarters, so we want people to really keep 
on seeing where we land up from here on. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management for the closing comments.  
Management: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Sure, thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Centrum Broking Limited we 
conclude today’s conference call. Thank you all for joining us. You may disconnect your lines 
now. Thank you. 
