February, 12, 2019
Pokama Limited
Department of Corporate Services,
B.S.E Limited,
Phiroze Jeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai
— 400001
Listing Department,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,
Exchange Plaza,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
Mumbai
— 400051
Dear Sir,
Sub: Transcripts of the Conference call.
BSE Scrip code / NSE Symbol: 532486 / POKARNA
We refer to above and hereby submit the transcripts of Q3 & FY19 Earnings Conference Call,
conducted on February, 04, 2019.
This is for your information and dissemination.
For Pokarna Limited
Mahesh Inani
Company Secretary
CIN: L14102TG1991PLC013299
Registered & Corporate Office: Surya Towers, 105, Sardar Patel Road, Secunderubad 500 003,Te1angana, India
Phone: +91 40 6631 0111, Email: contact@pokarna com, Web: www pokorno corn

if“
l't)f\\li\\
| |\l||l ll
Pokarna Limited
Q3 & 9M FY19 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
February 4, 2019
Moderator
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Pokarna Limited Q3 and nine
months FY19 earnings conference call.. Please note that this conference is being
recorded.
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from
CDR India. Thank you and over to you Sir.
Gavin Desa
Thank you, good day everyone and a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited’s Q3 and
nine months FY19 earnings call. We have with us today Mr Gautam Chand Jain
-
Chairman and Managing Director and Mr Paras Kumar Jain
— Chief Operating
Officer of Pokarna Engineered Stone Limited.
We will begin this call with opening remarks from the management, following which
we will have the floor open for an interactive Q&A session. Before we begin,
I
would like to point out that certain statements made in today's discussion maybe
forward looking in nature and a note to this effect was stated in the conference call
invite sent to you earlier. We trust you have had
a chance to go through the
communication from the results.
I would now like to invite Mr Paras Kumar Jain to make his opening remarks. Over
to you, Paras.
Paras Kumar Jain
Thanks Gavin, good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Q3 of
FY19 was another good quarter for Pokarna as our quartz business continued to
execute and build upon the momentum, we reported last quarter.
I will start with the
summary of our third quarter results. We delivered strong consolidated quarterly
revenues and record profits in the third quarter.
Revenues were Rs. 120 crore, an increase of 36% compared to Rs. 88 crore of
third quarter revenue of FY 2018 with growth primarily coming from our quartz
business. EBlTDA was a record Rs. 43 crore or 36% of our revenues compared to
Rs. 30 crore or 34% revenues of third quarter of FY 2018. EBlTDA percentage
increased with impact of higher material cost,
more than offset by the benefit of
higher volumes, favorable currency and improved pricing. Interest outflow for the
quarter stood at Rs. 6.3 crore as against Rs. 7.68 crore reported during Q3 of
/t'
l'l|l\\l:\\ll\llllll
Page 1 of11

Moderator
FY18, lower by 18%. PAT for the quarter grew at 87% and stood at Rs. 27 crore as
against Rs. 15 crore reported during Q3 of FY18.
Now moving
on to the individual businesses; granite business first. Operating
environment in granite industry continues to be challenging, competitive intensity
continues
to
affect
the
overall
business
and
the
realizations.
This quarter's
performance
was
aided
to
some extent by favorable
FOREX
movement.
We
believe that the growth in this segment is predominantly linked with the change in
underlying macro environment.
Now
I
come to the quartz business: We are pleased with our quartz business
results in the third quarter which demonstrates the continuing strength of our quartz
business.
In quartz business, our revenues were Rs. 84 crore in the quarter, an
increase of 80% from third quarter revenues of FY18 which had a lower base and
quartz business EBITDA in the quarter was Rs. 33 crore or 40% of our revenues,
this compares to Rs. 20 crore or 42% of our revenue reported in the third quarter
revenues of FY18. Higher volumes, favorable currency and improved pricing more
than
offset increased
material
cost.
We
are executing
well
and
we
are also
continuing to expand our infrastructure to enhance our competitive edge.
As always,
we
continue
to
look for debottlenecking opportunities
to
increase
throughput over in the quartz plant. Also, the setting up of our new quartz facility is
progressing well as planned and we expect commissioning of operations in Q1 of
calendar year 2020.
Today
I also want to talk about our strategy overall as we navigate the challenge in
the opportunities in quartz business:
For one, we are seeing some part of quartz business moving from China to India in
the light of tariff and duties in US on Chinese quartz products.
Secondly,
we
are also seeing mushrooming of quartz manufacturers
in India,
predominantly using Chinese machineries and process to capitalize on their growth
opportunities being thrown open by the tariff and duty situations coming out from
the US. To compete effectively in this scenario, we will be deploying two-pronged
strategy in medium-to long-term timeframe.
Firstly,
we would step up our technological advancement and innovation in our
product offering and throughput and we believe that, that is the way to take the
game to a whole new level and this strategy would be backed up by an appropriate
and timely upgrade in our facilities but in a smarter and more disciplined manner. In
summary, we have delivered strong operating performance in the third quarter and
we are excited about the progress we have made so far and we look forward to
unlocking more shareholder values in the years ahead.
With that, we will now open the call to your questions.
Thank you very much. We take the first question from the line of Shriram R from
Sundaram Mutual Fund.
I'IH\\H\\
I |\l||l
II
Page20f11

Shriram R
Paras Kumar Jain
Shriram R
Paras Kumar Jain
Moderator
Karthi Keyan VK
Paras Kumar Jain
Karthi Keyan VK
Paras Kumar Jain
Karthi Keyan VK
Paras Kumar Jain
Moderator
Kashyap Jhaveri
Sir could you just give some indicative statistic about the capacity in India and how
much more it is coming up because you just mentioned that people are putting up
new plants?
See we do not effectively track what is the capacity which is coming up in India but
we believe that with the tariff situation in the US on the Chinese products, there is
going to be a good amount of capacity which would be coming up in India because
probably some of the manufacturers within the country would also be putting up
new lines and there could also be a movement of Chinese manufacturing facilities
into India. 80 there would be some amount of competition and intensity in putting
up the plant coming into India because these are not reported industry bulletins or
where we can track the statistics of what is coming up but we believe that good
amount of capacity at least on the paper would be getting added.
And how much would be your’s sir, the one which is going to get completed in
FY20?
We have reported in the past that our new capacity would be about 130% of our
existing capacity.
We take the next question Karthi Keyan VK from Suyash Advisors.
I had
a continuation of the same question,
so would the business development
cycle be longer for these new players who would be setting up in India sir, how
exactly do you see the situation evolving? How much time would it typically take to
penetrate the US market assuming somebody starts all over again?
See, the business cycle typically starts anything between
1—2 years, that is the
typical gestation and
it also depends upon the complexity of the plant you
are
setting up and the other related factors of any new business.
Right,
I
mean in the past you have indicated that the typical economic sizes of
these plants that you setup are fairly large in number which is why you have a fairly
lumpy CAPEX cycle, would the Chinese technology similarly be somewhat lumpy
or would these be much smaller in size and therefore the modular expansion can
happen faster, some thoughts on that?
Yes, as with any industry which competes with China, China has various solutions
to offer, so they have solutions which are very economical and also modular but
again at the end of the day, everything is a function of what is the value you derive
from that business and what is that you can offer to the customer.
Right, are there known facilities that are coming up, would you be able to say 5-7
players, would you know of any players who are already setting up facilities and so
on, would you be able to?
We do not track the names but I can say that they will be in double digit numbers.
Next question is from the line of Kashyap Jhaveri from Emkay Global.
Just wanted to understand on the Quartz side, in terms of our FX realization, have
we realized benefits up to the full extent of about Rs. 71 odd a dollar?
Pk L
Q-Vx
{IQ/\‘u
I' '3'
-'
:q
a
_
x
3}}
I'(||\\I:\\II\IIIIII
0’
“he
‘1
Page3of11

Paras Kumar Jain
Kashyap Jhaveri
Paras Kumar Jain
Kashyap Jhaveri
Paras Kumar Jain
Kashyap Jhaveri
Paras Kumar Jain
Kashyap Jhaveri
Paras Kumar Jain
Moderator
Pranav Mehta
Paras Kumar Jain
Pranav Mehta
Paras Kumar Jain
It does not come to that level but we are fairly close to that level.
So if
I
were to sort of
reverse work,
then would
our quarterly
or annualized
revenues in Quartz business reached upto about $ 40-45 million
on annualized
basis?
I would let that economics to be done at your end.
But let us say in terms of constant currency or in term of volume, this top line
growth from about Rs.45 crore to Rs.84 or Rs.73 crore in the previous quarter to
Rs. 84 crore. the volume ramp up as well as dollar realization would also form a fair
part of that and not only the currency, is that then the right assumption?
I am not
asking you specific numbers?
Yes, you are right it is a function of various aspects, it is a function of currency, it is
a function of increased throughput, it is a function of increased realization.
Okay and ifl understand this correct, even dollar realizations have improved in last
12 months or so?
Yes, to some extent.
And would you be able to disclose the utilization levels?
For confidentiality reason,
I would not be able to answer that.
Next question is from the line of Pranav Mehta from Equirus Securities.
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir just wanted to understand on one
thing; your margins have jumped by significantly quarter on quarter. So what would
be the stable EBITDA margins that we can work for quartz division as such? Will
this continue or do you expect this to moderate going fonlvard? That is why our first
question, the second question is that is the Breton Stone tying up with any other
player in India apart from you since your tie-up with them is finishing in 2020, so
are you seeing any other players approaching Breton Stone?
Yes coming to the first question first, on the EBITDA margins
I think historically we
have maintained that 35% is the right number to look at and for various reasons we
have been beating that number but from a guidance perspective, it will continue to
stick on to that 35% number. And your second question on Breton tying up with the
new players,
I think Breton keeps up exploring their business opportunities and
they would definitely be looking for partners apart from us.
Okay Sir, and another question was regarding this anti-dumping duty on China. 80
have you seen growth coming from, so for India it has been quite strong, so for
other countries also the same kind of a competition you would be seeing in the US
market because China as such was a very big part of the US quartz market, so do
you think that competition from other countries will also ramp
up significantly
because of this Chinese threat subsidizing?
Yes.
see basically Chinese will have to look for new manufacturing basis and
depending upon the various factors which are essential for setting up any business,
I’lik \li\\
| |\ll|l
ll
Page 4 of 11

Moderator
Pritesh Chheda
Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Gautam Chand Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Gautam Chand Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
they would be looking at the countries which
are close proximately to China in
terms of availability of resources and including the raw material and the skilled
labors. So there will be definitely the new countries which will probably get added.
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments.
Sir, the dollar sales which are talking since last couple of quarters, is it sustainable
considering the mix and the prices that you are getting?
At the moment, we believe so.
Sir, the resin prices should be higher considering the crude prices in the last
quarter so that tailwind of lower resin prices should fructify for you incrementally?
See I think the resin prices are not really now a function of crude oil because there
are various other factors which are influencing because some of the chemicals are
short in supply, so the complete impact of subsidization is not spreading into you
know lower raise-in prices.
But are you running on the higher raise-in prices than the normal?
Yes, currently the cost of raw material is very high.
Okay and my last question is; what would be the cash flow from operations in the
nine months after working capital?
I think you should wait for another 3 months, we will report the full year for you.
What is the debt as on the balance sheet, as on December end?
Consolidated debt is Rs. 86 crore.
what is the consolidated gross debt number including long-term and Short-term.
This
includes
the
bank
payable
debts
and
also
the
promoters’
loans.
The
promoters' loans is Rs. 93 crore now consolidated and Rs. 86 crore is the bank
debt.
80 how much repayment have you done for the debt?
Yes,‘we repaid Rs. 21 crore in granite and Rs. 14 crore in quartz. So total about
Rs. 35 crore per three quarters.
So basically Rs. 86 crore plus Rs. 93 crore, is about Rs. 179 crore which was
about Rs. 215 crore last year.
Yes, correct.
And lastly what is the cash on the balance sheet?
I'll|\\ll\\
| |\llll ll
Page50f11

Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Paras Kumar Jain
Pritesh Chheda
Gautam Chand Jain
Moderator
Pradeep Singhania
Paras Kumar Jain
Pradeep Singhania
Paras Kumar Jain
See we report half yearly and yearly the balance sheet numbers, so let us wait for
another three months on that.
Okay but at least the dollar sales is a sustainable number.
That’s the assumption we are working on.
And the asset utilization is 100% or do you go for more asset utilizations?
There is always scope to improve so we are looking at the opportunities where we
think that there
can
be
some improvement but you know depending upon the
product mix, sometimes the opportunities really do not get converted into the cash
conversion and sometimes they get.
The asset utilization higher is possible by virtue of more volumes or by virtue of
better product mix?
It is always the product mix because as you know we have been always telling you
that the whole game is on the product mix; it can be different colors, it can be
different thicknesses.
We take the next question from the line of Pradeep Singhania from SageOne
Investment.
Sir my first question would be; of the total sales of quartz to invest, how much
would
be
the
slab
sales
and
how
much
would
be
as
per
the
customer's
specification?
See that is a very highly trade secret information, so we will not be able to give you
a breakup between the cut-to-size and the slab but what
I
can say you
is that
majority goes into the US market.
Okay and sir like speaking to a lot of this upcoming quartz companies, what I get to
know is lot of Chinese companies are giving them plant and machinery at a zero
cost for the first line and they are just charging them for the second line, that
means lot of tie-ups have happened in such
a way and even speaking to many
stockist, super stockists in Los Angeles, they are also of the view that we are open
to source from many other players in India, so when this trade will shift from China
to India and lot of these Chinese companies are saying that you manufacture 100%
for us and then you sell via India, we will give you the technology and everything.
80 in that sense, like because of the realization of this Chinese companies and
product would be quite lower than what you would be getting. 80 would not that
have
some adverse impact on the perception of the
Indian quartz companies
supplying to China
and then
your customer might
come to you and
say that
average Indian companies are selling at this price and you are selling at xx price
which
is much higher and then they might ask you to reduce, any change
in
perception regarding this?
One thing you should remember that we have been competing with China from the
day one, the fact that they came to India does not change anything for us because
at the end of the day it is a business and it runs on certain principles of business,
so even if the cost of machinery is zero for anyone, there is still a cost of raw
f'l)|\ \l:\\
l I\llII
II
Page60f11

Pradeep Singhania
Gautam Chand Jain
Pradeep Singhania
Gautam Chand Jain
Pradeep Singhania
Gautam Chand Jain
Paras Kumar Jain
Gautam Chand Jain
Pradeep Singhania
Gautam Chand Jain
material and the company or the trades which are doing the deals at zero cost,
I
am not aware on privy to such things but
I do not think that such situation typically
puts us into a very new situation. We continue to face China; we faced China from
China, now we will face China in India that is the only difference.
Okay because lot of these quartz companies are just quoting at say around Rs. 50
per slab of say 10.5 x 5.25 at FOB in Mundra Rs. 50 or Rs. 45, that is how low they
are quoting.
See first of all to understand that a Chinese is willing to supply the machine without
the cost itself is a unbelievable offer, if everything is available free of cost, there will
be not hundreds or thousands, there will be in, multiple thousands people will put
the line if the machine is available free. And first of all, why will a Chinese sell a
machine free and how can anybody sell a machine free, so
Basically it is the agreement that first line would be free, second line they are
charging in 100% production for Chinese.
Anyhow, they will load the price of the first line on the second line.
Right.
You have to understand that, nothing is free in this world. If they give you free first
line then they will put three times the margin on the third line and second line.
But I think that earlier,
I do not subscribe to the views that the facing Chinese plant
in India
is different from facing Chinese plant from China.
80 we believe that
situation remains the same, the perspective which we wanted to put was that you
would see that there are some quartz companies mushrooming up in India at an
incremental pace than in the past, that was the limited point which we wanted to
mention.
I would even go to the extent of telling you something that if the Chinese were
perfecting to make this product in whatever way, how will the Indians be able to
perfect that art in such a fast time, first of all? Number 2, the Chinese labor cost
and the machine cost both together, we are already facing them know, so how will
it change? If at all it changes, it will be negative for the Chinese machines to work
in India that is what I feel.
And Sir, second part would be on the domestic business where how aggressive are
we focusing on building the Quantra brand for the domestic market because most
of the ceramics and tile stores who are stocking some quartz products, they all
have like Kalinga or AGL products in quartz, do we focus on that building that
domestic brand aggressively?
Right now our focus is still on exports, we will continue to focus on exports or let
me put it the other way round; our focus will be for better realization of the price of
the product. As long as better realization in export, our focus will continue to be in
exports. The day domestic market matures to pay
more than the export price;
maybe we will look more aggressively on the domestic front.
I‘llh\ll\\
| |\l|||
||
Page 7 of 11

Moderator
Nikhil Upadhyay
Paras Kumar Jain
Nikhil Upadhyay
Paras Kumar Jain
Nikhil Upadhyay
Paras Kumar Jain
Nikhil Upadhyay
Paras Kumar Jain
Nikhil Upadhyay
Paras Kumar Jain
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities Investment
Management. Please go ahead.
Congratulations on good set of numbers, Sir. Just two questions;
one is on the
CAPEX if you can just give us some more details, so is the ground work in terms of
the
shed
and
everything
is ready
and
or when
would
we
start getting
the
equipments for the installation and all?
Nikhil, in terms of breaking the ground and the construction; the construction is in
full swing, in fact
I do not know whether you missed my update what
I gave briefly
in
my
opening
remarks,
the
progress
is
as
planned
and
we
expect
the
commissioning to be in Q1 of calendar year 2020.
Okay and just one thing, this commissioning when we say it would be commercial
or it will be post the trial run?
When we say commissioning, it is a combination of hot and cold run and it takes
some time to stabilize also. So QI
is when we will start doing these hot and cold
runs and post that stabilization period will be achieved.
And secondly Sir, when you said that there are many smaller lndian players who
are getting the Chinese machines and putting the product in for the exports but are
you seeing
the product flowing
into
the
Indian
market also aggressively,
so
because earlier it was all, the product had to be imported and then sold into India
from China and all. But now with the capacities coming, do you see the domestic
market can also grow pretty strongly?
I think every manufacturer will look at an option to dispose whatever he produces,
so whatever he is able to export he will export and whatever he is not able to
export then he will have to find other revenues which includes Indian market also.
Okay because if I try to understand the economics of some of the players who are
already doing on Chinese, they are already making like something 30%, 35% kind
of a margin on the product and the realizations are also strong, so that is why I was
trying to understand that can this propel the growth of quartz in India as compared
to what we had seen earlier?
It depends upon the maturity of the Indian consumer also, like whether are we
willing to pay for a product upgrade? If lndian consumer is able to accept product at
a higher price point, be it from Chinese or be it from any other Breton line, it would
always flow into that market.
And lastly with, if there are more manufacturing facilities coming based on Chinese
machinery into India, do you see a scenario that this anti-dumping duty which was
put on China, we could also be impacted because basically the exports will start
happening from India now that is in China and which can have a negative rub-off
on the industry in India?
See it is very difficult to do crystal gazing. So I cannot sit and predict what is going
to happen in US or Indian thing. As a manufacturer, as a matured business, we
have to handle the situations as are thrown open by the cycle. So, it is very difficult
to do any crystal gazing on that.
I'I)I\\Il\\
1 Hill!
II
Page80f11

Moderator
Srinath V.
Paras Kumar Jain
Srinath V.
Paras Kumar Jain
Srinath V.
Paras Kumar Jain
Srinath V.
Gautam Chand Jain
Srinath V.
Gautam Chand Jain
Moderator
V P Rajesh
Paras Kumar Jain
V P Rajesh
Paras Kumar Jain
V P Rajesh
The next question is from the line of Srinath V. from Bellwether Capital.
If you could just give me a flavor of how the IKEA relationship is moving forward,
what kind of sales are we doing with them?
I am told the first store has started
recently, so could you just give me some flavor on that Sir?
The IKEA business is progressing well month on month basis, the business is yet
to catch up to the expected levels but we are confident and we are committed to
this business model.
And when you say, you are referring to the India sale or you know to other parts of
Asia also?
See we currently are tied up with India only for IKEA.
Sir just for
a modeling
purpose,
when
do
you
think the debt from
the
new
machinery will kind of fit the balance sheet, could you give us a very rough timeline
on that?
The full CAPEX is going to be at least couple of years down the line.
Okay, no
I thought by in another four quarters we will be getting into the dry run, so
by the time we would have made a large part of the payment for the CAPEX or how
would this kind of work from the payment schedule point of view?
Unfortunately,
we have structured
our financial tying up with for the machines
differently, so you will have to wait to see them appear in the balance sheet.
Any update on the apparel business, Sir?
Nothing yet.
The next question is from the line of V P Rajesh from Banyan Capital.
Just in terms of selling to the US market on the quartz side, what is the percentage
when you split between domestic and the US or exports in general?
Over 98% goes into the US market, so rest of the world typically is negligible for us.
So in terms of the quarterly revenue that you get, how much went to the US versus
domestic?
That is what i precisely said that you can budget at least 98% of my revenue into
the US market.
Secondly in terms of the US market, you know we are hearing that the housing has
slowed down over the years and
I think the housing start numbers are also little bit
on the lighter side there. So I was just wondering if that is the right macro indicator
for our demand or we are also seeing a strong replacement cycle in the US as
well?
|'1ll\\|l\\
| |\l||l
II
Page 9 of 11

Paras Kumar Jain
V P Rajesh
Paras Kumar Jain
V P Rajesh
Paras Kumar Jain
Moderator
Naman Naval
Paras Kumar Jain
Moderator
Kashyap Jhaveri
Paras Kumar Jain
Kashyap Jhaveri
Paras Kumar Jain
Kashyap Jhaveri
Gautam Chand Jain
See the US industry has got two facets;
one is the
new housing, other is the
renovation market both
in the residential and the commercial segment. 30 our
business is typically a function of both the cycles, of the new construction and also
the renovation of residential and commercial.
Right, and are you by any chance able to track you know whether it is going into
the new size versus the replacement size or not possible?
Very difficult because see typically we do not service the last mile, so we do not
know exactly what is happening but we keep tracking all the metrics and we track
them closely.
And then just coming back to the domestic side, as you were saying earlier that a
lot of small players are mushrooming, so if you were to estimate the capacity that
we are going to put up, how does it compares to the second line that you are
planning to start next year?
It is very difficult to predict what is the exact amount of square meters or square
foot which is going to get added but what
I
can say is that a good amount of
capacity at least should get added from our nameplate capacity perspective.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naman Naval from India Nivesh.
Please go ahead.
I just want to understand once the anti-dumping duties are removed from China
and there will be a supply glut from China and India because new players are also
mushrooming and existing players like yourself are adding good capacity, so how
much impact on margin can we see at that point?
See the impact of tarrifs and duties on Chinese quartz in US is already seen and
set by various businesses both in India and the US and some part of our reporting
is also a function of that. So it is very difficult to give an exact basis point on that.
Next question is from the line of Kashyap Jhaveri from Emkay Global.
Can you just help us with the maintenance CAPEX for FY19 and FY20 and if you
could segregate this between both the businesses?
Unlike other businesses, these businesses do not typically have a large capital
expenses on their upgrade or upkeep and typically we expense them also in the
balance sheet. 80 I do not see that is a big number to look at.
Because you know last two, three years if I look at your cash flow statement, there
is about Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 30 crore-odd of CAPEX whereas there is no capacity
expansion that we have done in last couple of years.
You are looking at the consolidated cash flow?
Yes consolidated cash flow.
You know some new equipment we keep on adding, also apart from granite and
th, apart from making slabs we also do cut-to-size 'obs and we kee-
l'lll\\|l\\
I l\||||
ll
Page 10 of 11

Kashyap Jhaveri
Gautam Chand Jain
Kashyap Jhaveri
Paras Kumar Jain
Moderator
Pranav Mehta
Gautam Chand Jain
Moderator
Paras Kumar Jain
adding equipment required for executing cut-to—size jobs. 80 there will be also
some CAPEX on equipments upgrades. so this is a continuous process in terms of
numbers which is hardly anything that we need to worry about. It is a continuous
process and
as the plant becomes old and we find
some
new technologies to
improve the productivity or the profitability, we keep doing that.
So should one sort of, about Rs. 20 crore should be the right number to look at it
for any product expansion...
It will depend actually year-to-year, it will depend on requirements in the plants, it
depends from
the time
to time
and year-to-year,
and
there
can
never
be
a
consistent number to be considered.
Would it be equivalent to at least the depreciation for the year?
I think you are expert in this field, you should look at the number which you think is
good for your model.
We take the next question from the line of Pranav Mehta from Equirus Securities.
Sirjust wanted to understand on the granite part of the business; so actually as you
were saying that it is still struggling, so how much time will it take for the business
to see some good ramp up coming in and with this Chinese quartz seeing the anti-
dumping duty, do you think that granite might see some positive impact form this
because of some of the demand in US shifting to granite?
We
have
more
or less always foreseen that,
that consistency of the granite
business is what we look at as the best. if does not go down it is good signal
because the market is moving towards quartz as a product category, so
I do not
know that anything like quartz what you see will happen in granite business. Also of
course, due to some price adjustments. some cheaper end products of granite may
find some place but more or less I look fonivard to the same numbers.
Thank you very much. Well Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question for
today.
I would now like to hand the conference back to the management for their
closing comments.
Thank you for your contribution and all your questions. We look fonNard to talking
to you again in the next conference call, thank you.
r
l'1|I\\I:\\||\ll||||
Page11of11
