@ CK BIRLA GROUP
TOGETHER,
WE BUILD.
Date: February 22, 2019
To
To
The Department
of Corporate Services -CRD
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street
Bandra (E),
MUMBAI-
400001
MUMBAI - 400051
Scrip Code: 509675/HIL;
Through
Listing Centre
Scrip Symbol: HIL: Through
NEAPS
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Transcript
of Schedule of Analyst / Investor Call held on Tuesday, February 12, 2019.
Ref: Regulation
30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations,
2015 (Listing Regulations)
In continuation
to our letter
dated
February 06, 2019, Please find attached
the Transcript
of
Analyst / Investor conference
call held on February 12, 2019.
Pursuant to Regulation
46, the aforesaid
intimation
and Transcript
of the Investor
Call is also
available in the Company's website i.e., ww.hil.in/investors.
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt.
Thanking You
for HIL LIMITED
.~'v~
~~
~
KRVeerappan
Chief Financial Officer
HII Iimit",rl 1 R."
10\101_7
<:1 1\1T~_~:~
.. ~
C' ••
,,_
,......
.,
- -
~,
•
•
-
•

 
1 
 
 
HIL Limited 
Q3 FY19 Earnings Conference Call  
February 12, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and Welcome to the HIL Limited Q3FY19 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karl Kolah from 
CDR India. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Karl Kolah: 
Thank you, Karuna. Good afternoon, Ladies & Gentlemen. Welcome to HIL Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Conference Call for Investors and Analysts. The call has been hosted 
to discuss the financial performance and share operating highlights of the company 
with you.  
Today I have with us Mr. Dhirup Roy Choudhary – Managing Director & CEO of the 
company, Mr. KR Veerappan – CFO, Mr. Manikandan G. – Company Secretary and 
Financial Controller, and Mr. Ajay Kapadia – Head – M&A and Investor Relations. 
We will commence the call with opening remarks from the management team. Post 
that we will have the forum open for a Q&A session where the management will be 
glad to respond to any queries that you may have. 
At this point I would like to highlight that some statements made on today’s call may 
be forward-looking in nature and the actual results could vary significantly from the 
statements made. A detailed statement in this regard is available on the company’s 
earnings presentation, which has been circulated to you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Dhirup Choudhary to present his views on the operating 
performance of HIL, the strategic development and the broader outlook on growth. 
Over to you.  
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to be addressing 
you once again. We truly appreciate the interest shown by the investor community 
towards us and it is our continuous endeavor to come forward transparently every 
quarter and address your concerns as well update you on your company. Your 
company’s fabric is well protected and our attempt at all times is to grow the same 
profitably, as well as grow the business by broadening the product basket.  
To give you some quick highlights: 
Q3 has been an exceptional quarter where for the first time in the 70 years' HIL 
history, the company’s revenues have crossed Rs.300 crore mark for Q3, with a YoY 
growth of 16%. While the profit after tax for Q3 showed a de-growth of 51% YoY, this 
is owing to an interest cost of Rs.6 crore on Rs.276 crore rupee loan taken in India 

 
2 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
for the purchase of Parador, as well as a pseudo FOREX loss of Rs.7.5 crore on 
account of EUR20 million loan given to wholly owned subsidiary in Germany for 
purchase of shares of Parador Holding GMBH. The FOREX loss reverses the profits 
we booked in Q2 on the same loan which was well announced to you at the end of 
Q2, and hence on a YTD basis this effect has been nullified.  
As you would note, the business performance for nine months has been robust with 
a 20% growth in revenue terms. Profit before tax in nine months surpassed the 
previous whole year’s numbers whereas the YoY growth came in at 49%. I will leave 
out the detailed discussion on financial progress to my CFO, Veerappan, who will be 
addressing you after me. 
During the quarter we have fine-tuned our vision, mission and value in line with our 
profitable growth journey, involving the entire top management team of HIL. And 
later, in true spirit of one HIL, we have cascaded the same to all our employees. You 
may find these on our website as well as in the presentation.  
These are exciting times for HIL as we emerge as a solutions hotspot for the 
developers, designers, architect community, with a full array of product lines. It is my 
intent to share as much information about the moving parts of the business and the 
environment in which we operate. And I shall begin with updating you on the Roofing 
segment.  
Supported by a great basket of products and services, Asia’s best brands, 
Charminar, Birla Aerocon, Parador; strong and loyal distributors and a motivated and 
committed set of employees, we have delivered yet another healthy performance. 
Our growth momentum remains ahead of the market and this ties in to the pole 
position enjoyed by the business over generations. Growth has been good across 
both incremental and replacement demands buckets and we are continuously 
working with distributors and stockists in order to navigate possible headwinds.  
Charminar Fortune, our new non-asbestos cement based roofing product has shown 
a good traction in the last quarter, with entries into prestigious customers. It is 
worthwhile here to update you on the welcoming order we received from the Indian 
Railways for the roof replacement at the prestigious and UNESCO heritage, CST 
Station at Mumbai.  
As far as Building solution is concerned, our strategy as defined to you earlier, was 
to completely sweat the assets, cherry pick the orders and improve the profitability 
of this business. This approach has supported us immensely, as you would notice 
from the results. We have seen good growth of 15% in Q3 YoY and 26% on a YTD 
basis in this business for revenues. The market is poised interestingly for growth, 
and we believe that Birla Aerocon enjoys a quality and trust advantage in the 
industry. Since our capacity utilization is more than 95% in this business, we wish to 
move aggressively in the market by adding capacities and would soon come back to 
you with our plans.  
Our Pipes and Fittings business has seen strong gains across categories. Overall, 
the business had seen 121% increase YoY in Q3 FY19 revenues. The plant 
capacities are being substantially expanded and we hope to be ready with 30,000 
metric tons capacity from the next financial year. Utilization levels are building up 
well and the newly commercialized lines too are benefitting from good off-take. Being 
in the business of building materials and having access to the trade channel 
distinguishes the model. I have no doubt that our team will be effective in driving 
profitable growth as we grow aggressively forward in building this brand.  
Let me draw your attention to Parador: 

 
3 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
The process of integration is proceeding very smoothly. We already have an 
outstanding product that is well established in its home market and is showing good 
growth potential outside. The portfolio of products remain backed by an ever 
innovating design team and steered by a very capable set of leaders who continue 
to partner us as we look at new geographies. While the business performance for 
this segment would be consolidated and published by the end of this financial year, 
the performance in both top-line and bottom-line in the last five months since closing 
the deal has been very satisfactory, and better than previous year. This has been a 
very good acquisition for HIL. And I assure the investors that the underlying 
fundamentals of Parador are strong and will contribute meaningfully to the overall 
growth of HIL internationally.  
I look forward to the traction for a profitable growth to continue in this quarter. And I 
am hopeful to create history for all of you by ending this year at a very high note.  
Thank you. I would now like to invite my CFO, Mr. Veerappan to take to the forum to 
share his perspective on the financial results. Over to you, Veerappan.   
KR Veerappan: 
Thank you, Dhirup. Good Afternoon and thank you all for joining us on the call today. 
I will begin by taking you all through the intricacies of the financial highlights for the 
quarter and nine months ended FY19. Thereafter, I will also provide you with the 
update on operating highlights and the focus going forward.  
During the quarter, we have delivered sturdy financial performance with a sustained 
growth around revenues, EBITDA and profits. In nine months FY19 revenue stood 
at Rs.1,130 crore, going up to 20% year-on-year. In Q3 FY19 revenues came in at 
Rs.326 crore, as against Rs.282 crore in Q3 FY18, witnessing a 16% growth. The 
Roofing business continues to be the market leader and has shown a growth of 9% 
during the quarter and 10% for the nine months FY19. This 9% growth delivered in 
this quarter is significant under tough market conditions and far exceeding the 
competition.  
Charminar Fortune, our non-asbestos solution continues to focus in the institutional 
segment and started picking up. We have bagged a prestigious order from Railways 
for their CST station, which is a World Heritage Site, and from BHEL. We are 
confident of delivering higher numbers in the coming quarters. Our Building Solutions 
and Pipes and Fittings business continues to witness healthy growth year-on-year of 
15% and 121% respectively. For nine months FY19, the year-on-year growth stands 
at 26% and 132% respectively. 
In nine months FY19, EBITDA stood at Rs.178 crore as against Rs.129 crore in nine 
months FY18, going up by 38% year-on-year. For Q3 FY19, EBITDA improved and 
stood at Rs.32 crore, witnessing an increase of 4% year-on-year. EBITDA during the 
quarter is after absorbing the reversal of FOREX gain of Rs.7.5 crore booked in Q2 
2019 on EUR 20 million loan given to wholly owned subsidiary in Germany for 
purchase of shares of Parador holding GMBH. 
The underlying EBITDA, therefore, for the quarter stood at Rs.39.3 crore, showing a 
significant growth of 29% as against top-line growth of 16%, despite spending a 
significant amount on branding of Birla Aerocon pipes and fittings. This EBITDA 
growth has been led by the numerous cost optimization measures undertaken which 
have helped dry efficiency and productivity.  
In nine months FY19 PBT increased by 49% year-on-year to Rs.134 crore. PBT of 
Rs.13 crore during the quarter is after absorbing the reversal of FOREX gain of 
Rs.7.5 crore booked in Q2 FY19 on EUR 20 million loan given to the wholly owned 
subsidy in Germany for purchase of shares of Parador Holding GMBH, as clarified 

 
4 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
earlier and also after absorbing interest cost to the extent of Rs.6 crore on borrowings 
towards Parador acquisition.  
As Dhirup mentioned earlier, with all this, both in terms of EBITDA and PBT, the nine 
months number have surpassed the total full year number of the previous year. We 
have institutionalized the working capital intensity with a committed focus on all 
parameters. The net working capital stood at 4% of total revenue in line with March 
31, 2018. Long-term borrowings on the books reflect the acquisition cost of Parador 
holdings, and even with that we are comfortably placed and are well within our 
comfort level of debt, equity ratio of 1:1 on consolidated basis. 
The effective tax rate for the quarter is higher on account of disallowance of interest 
paid on loan for taken for Parador acquisition. 
 As Dhirup mentioned earlier, we will be sharing the consolidated financials during 
the year end. The first consolidated financial will include Parador’s numbers from 1st 
September 2018 to 31st March 2019.  
Our business mix continue to drive progressive growth, laying the foundation for an 
accelerated performance going ahead.  
On that note, I would like to conclude my opening remarks. I request the moderator 
to open the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies & gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. We have the first question from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unify 
Capital.  
Baidik Sarkar: 
If you could please spend in some degree of granularity on macro and micro factors 
driving the phenomenal pace of execution, roofing and building solutions? I don’t 
think roofing business has seen this quantum of margin expansion and growth in a 
while. And importantly, are these margins in solutions business sustainable or is 
there a one-off aspect in the industry that is driving this heat? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Sarkar, I think your question is specific to the roofing business. So let me say 
that the market has not grown as much as we have grown in Q3. And as elaborated 
earlier, we have captured a better market share in Q3 due to some specific attention 
that we paid towards the dealer involvement. The roofing business definitely is 
growing, and growing at single-digit number. And I do not see that as slowing down, 
though January has been a little bit slowing month in roofing business. But this 
quarter should catch up and February and March should be good again. The 
macroeconomic levels pretty much stand strong for roofing, there are lot of pressures 
and lot of headwinds that we witness on the pricing part of it on the material cost 
because of cement. But we are doing our internal bit to improve the efficiencies in 
the plant which will continue to drive the profitability in this business. We do not know 
how the election is going to pose, and that always remains an element of doubt in 
everyone’s mind. But we are very positive that the roofing business should continue 
as we are doing at the moment.  
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure. So, did I read you right, did you say there was a one-off cost element that is 
leading to this kind of margin expansion? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
No, it is a continuous effort, I said Mr. Sarkar, that we are driving at the operating 
levels in way of efficiency improvement in the plant, the TPM drive that we are doing, 
we have now introduced Six Sigma in quite a few of our plants and driving projects 
specific to that. So you would see that even from the same volumes we get much 

 
5 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
more margins in this business, owning to these specific drives that we are doing on 
cost. And that is sustainable.  
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure, that is helpful. And if I could just draw attention to the statement you made on 
better dealer involvement. So, are we expanding the channel? If you could just help 
us understand the macro, what exactly is driving the dealer involvement? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I mean, as I had informed last quarter as well, there is a lot of meaningful exchange 
that we are doing with our dealers and retailers. We have a fantastic set of network 
of loyal dealers who have been loyal for many, many generations now with us, many 
of them in their third generation. The excitement that we are doing partly has been 
ticked, started with the CSK bid that we did, the contribution we did with the IPL 
movement last year which will continue this year. And that has excited them quite a 
lot, how quick it is as religion in India, and Dhoni is an icon of his own. And we have 
then done quite a few engagements with them using our data bank that we have. 
We have an extensive data bank and software that manages that with our dealers in 
way of incentives that we provide to them, points that we provide to them and all the 
rest of it. So that has been exciting in quarter three a lot. And we also have the foreign 
trade part of it that we excite them with, with additional quantities. The special visits 
that we have made, particularly meeting all the dealers from the top-level and 
engaging with them has advocated a lot towards this. So, it is a mix of all of this 
which has kept them together with us and continuous element that we are spending 
in growing this, getting more and more retailers in place, going into markets where 
possibly we had not objectively looked at all of that has triggered. So, if you tap in 
the zone wise, I think we are doing very well in all the zones. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Could you just give us the break of building solutions, you have six segments, so if 
could help us with breakup there, please.  
KR Veerappan: 
They are available in the presentation. I can just repeat it for your sake.  
Baidik Sarkar: 
I meant the volumes as well, sir. Unless I missed the volume number in the 
presentation.  
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Sarkar, for a change we had since we get the volume question every time, we 
had made it very transparent. But we are happy to answer. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
No, my bad. I will back in the queue. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Kothari from ALFA Accurate 
Advisors.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Thank you very much for making the presentation more transparent in terms of 
disclosing details on the volumes, it is really very useful. My first question is with 
reference to the total gross un-allocable expenditure which this year if I look at, last 
year FY18 was Rs.58 crore, and this year for the first nine months it is Rs.57 crore. 
Is there any one off in third quarter? And how do you see the full year? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, while on that, I would request Veerappan to answer. Mr. Kothari, first of all, thank 
you for joining this call every time and thanks for your positive remarks. Transparency 
is a part of our theme, and this is your company, so we will do everything to get that 
thoughts across to you every time that you speak to us. Veerappan, could you clarify 
the unallocated expenses please? 
KR Veerappan: 
Your question, is it for the quarter or 9 months? In this particular quarter, as I said, 
the FOREX is playing a significant part in terms of deflating the quarter.  

 
6 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
Rajesh Kothari: 
The Rs.22 crore includes FOREX reversal of Rs.7.5 crore, that is what you mean? 
KR Veerappan: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So, it means normally I should see Rs.22 crore minus Rs.7.5 crore, which is Rs.14.5 
crore? 
KR Veerappan: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Okay. And how do you see the fourth quarter or the full year on this total un-allocable 
expenditure? 
KR Veerappan: 
Q4, after removing one-off FOREX, FOREX is something quarter-on-quarter will 
vary. It is not in our hands and will be same as this quarter.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
I got that, FOREX you are actually adjusting into the other income or loss.  
KR Veerappan: 
No. If there is a gain, it will be reflected in other income. If there is a loss, it will be in 
other expenses.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Okay. So, fourth quarter you… 
KR Veerappan: 
There are two things; one is the main P&L representing other income and other 
expense. Let me clarify, if there is a gain that will be reflected in other income, if there 
is a loss, it will be in other expenses. The second thing is unallocated expenses; 
there both other income and other expense get set-off. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
I understand. I am saying gross un-allocable expenditure, if I do segment wise, you 
have un-allocable expenditure and then you have other income of which there is 
recurring and non-recurring. If I do that complete breakup, the gross un-allocable 
expenditure is Rs.22 crore in third quarter and you take out Rs.7.5 crore from that, 
correct? 
KR Veerappan: 
Balance Q4 will remain the same, net of this Rs.14 crore. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
I see. So Rs.14.5 crore kind of thing you think that will remain as it is.  So, if I look at 
last year which was Rs.58 crore total gross un-allocable expenditure and then if I 
look at current year going by let’s assume Rs.14.5 crore, so why such a large 
increase of 20% - 30% increase?  
KR Veerappan: 
Last year total is around Rs.36 crore. So I do not know where you have got the Rs.8 
crore number. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Your first quarter was Rs.35.49 crore, second quarter was minus Rs.1.2 crore, third 
quarter net of FOREX reversal is Rs.14.5 crore. If I add that three and I add another 
Rs.14.5 crore of fourth quarter. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, Mr. Kothari, there are few things that we are taking in building the brand for HIL. 
And I had already announced this to all the investors earlier. And this has enhanced 
our business immensely towards both the top-line and bottom-line. So, CSK was one 
of them, and then there are other marketing expenses that we are doing, which will 
continue because this is something that we believe in, that this is building a huge 
growth profitability. So if you look at unallocated expenses as an item, this may look 
to be high, but it is more from a total perspective, and therefore the profits and the 
growth should talk about that this investment is well spent.  

 
7 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Sure. So, basically with reference to the brand expenditure it goes into the un-
allocable or does it go to segment wise? 
KR Veerappan: 
We have been doing it as a part of unallocated, now we have started as far as 
possible, identifying and allocating the brands, from last quarter we have started this.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
So, now third quarter is true representation, including the brand expenditure, correct? 
Okay. My second question is with respect to the others which is showing minus Rs.8 
crore and correct me if I am wrong, that includes Rs.5 crore of brand expenditure in 
Pipes business? 
KR Veerappan: 
Yes, that is right. You are spot on. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So, how should we see this other segment next quarter as well as next year, do you 
think it will continue to require a huge brand investment or you think it will contribute 
some positive for full year and for next year? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Very-very good question, Mr. Kothari. And I would be very happy to give you a 
transparent response again on this. The brand expenses are desirous, and if you 
compare the Pipes business, brand allocations by other companies, they are doing 
much more than what we are. We are trying to catch up speed with some big ones 
in a very short time, while they have taken 20 years to crystallize themselves, we are 
trying to do that aggressively. As I mentioned, to grow to a Rs.400 crore level in four, 
five year’s time is a very aggressive target we are taking. And I think this will continue. 
We will be very-very judicious in spending this, this is something that we will take on 
as we grow. So, if the business performance from HIL comes in well, then we will 
definitely be able to spend a part of it towards the brand enhancement of pipes and 
overall HIL. Just to give you an anecdote here, Mr. Kothari, HIL was earlier known 
as Hyderabad Industry, or an asbestos company, we are trying to help that from a 
visibility point of view to move from both of them, though we are not averse to any of 
them, but to move to a much bigger brand, which is HIL, and take it globally. So, a 
part of it will continue, but this will be based on the total profitability of the company. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So, in nutshell, do you think if you make good money in Pipes then of course you 
can keep doing brand investment. But considering that first few years of ramp up 
mode, do you think even FY20 it will be loss making after considering the brand 
expense? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
On a quarterly basis, Pipes should turn profitable from Q1 next year. And I am very 
confident about it on EBITDA level. And therefore, Pipes are absolutely on the right 
direction, as I would say, and this is the comfort I have given to the investors. I have 
very well said that the first year will be a loss-making year where we are consolidating 
this brand and expanding the reach to the market. But you would see a profitable 
growth for this segment also going forward.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Great, so that reassures investors that while first quarter I understand investment, I 
think FY20 hopefully will turn to be positive. Perfect. My second question is with 
reference to Parador related. What is right now, total standalone debt and total 
consolidated debt? And what is the total interest cost for both standalone as well as 
consolidated? 
KR Veerappan: 
As far as standalone debt in India rupee borrowing, we have around Rs.276 crore, 
that is in the HIL books. And as far as Parador is concerned, in HIL International we 
have EUR 32 million debt. So, if I convert this Rs.276 crore, basically it is EUR 34 
million, so Euro 34 million and Euro 32 million, it is around EUR 66 million is the total 
debt. And the interest cost, as far as EUR 32 million in Europe, when we acquired, 
we had negotiated and taken at a very cheaper rate, at around 3.25%, which is not 

 
8 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
reflecting in HIL books, it will be HIL International which will reflect in the consolidated 
results. And the good news, let me share, although we are not publishing the results 
and we will be doing it in March, effective January that 3.25% we have already 
negotiated and brought down to around 1.6%. So, the cost of borrowing has been 
really aggressively negotiated and brought down as far as the Europe borrowings 
are concerned. And the Rs.276 crore, the India rupee borrowing, is at around 8.6%. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So, basically when we took over Parador we mentioned that it is going to be EPS 
accretive from day one. However, of course Hyderabad Industries, HIL also had a 
surplus trajectory on which there was other income, and that other income will 
become zero as we move into FY20, because now we have a net debt. So, when 
you say EPS accretion from day one, does it also kick in to factor the other income 
loss? 
KR Veerappan: 
Yes. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
It will be on the total picture after consolidation. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
No, what I am saying, there is other income which was close to about Rs.35 crore, 
Rs.40 crore other income which used to come, now that is not going to come. So, 
actually there is a loss, am I right? So while Parador on its standalone basis will 
service its own debt and would report net profit, but actually there is also Rs.25 crore, 
Rs.30 crore of effective loss of opportunity, because of other income which used to 
come. So, I am saying, to that extent EBITDA margin needs to move up for Parador 
to make it EPS neutral. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Kothari, if I can say, your numbers need to be relooked. You have a quick talk 
with our finance colleagues after this call on this. But let me tell you, the other income 
was not the right way to run a business, we have run our business absolutely the 
way that investors want to see. We are investing and we are growing this company. 
And overall, absolutely, this will be EPS positive. 
KR Veerappan: 
And you need to little bit maybe like to check on the numbers, we never had Rs.35 
crore other income. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
I am saying Rs.25 crore, Rs.30 crore, because last year you had Rs.23 crore other 
income, if I am not wrong. So, if I would have not acquired Parador then my other 
income would have been further increased, as cash accrual goes up. So, I 
completely agree that it is a strategic decision. But I am just trying to understand that 
the margins need to be of that extent to make it real EPS neutral. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Kothari, can we take this offline because there are others analysts in the queue. 
But I appreciate your concern. And let me give you in one word, we are absolutely in 
the right direction, please have faith in us.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss.  
Praveen Sahay: 
Can you give any detail regarding this railway project? How much volume are you 
going to receive and will that maintain the margin of Roofing? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Sahay, this is a small order we have received at the moment from CST Mumbai. 
It is more prestigious than the value. But for Fortune, I mentioned earlier and I 
continue to mention that Fortune product is highly profitable it will only enhance the 
profitability of our Roofing business.  
Praveen Sahay: 
So, the Project business would have similar margin or higher, is what you are saying? 

 
9 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Exactly, Mr. Sahay. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Right. Coming to the Pipe and Fitting business, how much of capacity do you 
currently have? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Sahay, last financial year end we had a capacity of 7,000 metric tons. And by the 
end of this March we will have a capacity of 30,000 metric tons. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. So, is it Plumbing based piping, having a CPVC or PVC mix, can you give 
some detail on that? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, this is a complete 30,000 metric tons by the end of this financial year would 
constitute of CPVC, UPVC, SWR, Pipes as well as Fittings, the entire range.  
Praveen Sahay: 
And lastly on Parador, as you had experience in last five, six months, can you give 
some details on the number side, how much margin they are incurring? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I am missing your line, Mr. Sahay. But if your concern is on numbers of Parador, as 
we mentioned, we will be consolidating all of this by the end of this quarter and you 
would get absolute transparency on this company. But as I have said in my opening 
statement, the company is performing very well since we have acquired it, last five 
months they have been up on their top-line and bottom-line than the corresponding 
year last year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital.  
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, my question is on the Roofing business, can you elaborate on the market 
condition, what helped us more in growing ahead of the market compared to peers? 
And also on the cost front, you mentioned some worry on this increase in your 
cement prices. So, your thoughts on these two. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Shah, I would just reiterate my stand here, we are doing extremely well in way 
of capturing the market and I give full credit to the sales team as well as the loyal   
that we have. They have been really working in unison with us. There are a lot of 
things that we are doing, exciting bits we are doing with them where we are bonding 
them together. First time we brought them over to see cricket matches, first time we 
brought our consumers to see cricket matches also. We are also doing the 
international travel part with them, we are doing a lot more association with the miles 
that they get with every bot, what they get as loyalty program that we do. We are 
exciting them and giving more and taking more thereby. Then the sales bit, the 
spread has been improved, the number of stockists have been improved. In every 
corner of India we are conscious not to pick up orders from regions which are far 
away from our factories so that the costs are higher therefore profitability is low, 
rather we are picking up in very profitable zone. And therefore, the focus from this 
business has shifted immensely from just a vanilla ongoing business to a much more 
focused business, where we are trying to get better margins, better quantities, and 
aligning to the stockists. The people who had never met top management earlier, 
today are on hot line with us. And I think all of that makes a symbolic approach 
towards transparency and communication, which we are dominantly providing and 
helping them with. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Got it, Sir. So, if I were to look at it this way, now we have grown much better than 
the industry, and you laid out the reasons for it, the extra sales effort and the way 
you are more getting closer to your distributors and dealers. Now, typically, so this 
also shows that they have pushed products of your brand compared to the peers at 
a time when you did lot of activities, as you mentioned. But going forward, so this will 
require doing this activity on very regular intervals to keep this momentum going on. 

 
10 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
Because after all, agreed brand is very well respected, but it is a very matured, old 
industry. So, for you to get additional pie from your competition, this activity needs 
to be done. So, am I reading it right? Or the brand spends on the other products, like 
the Piping division, is having a spill over impact on this product as well and helping 
you? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Your second question is not correct, Mr. Shah. But your first question is absolutely 
correct, and your inference is absolutely right. This is a continuous effort. We were 
lacking somewhere in it, but we have strengthened that part and we will continue 
that. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So the Piping advertisement has no relation to the kind of growth and success 
we have seen on the Roofing side? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
It is very difficult to correlate Mr. Shah, but definitely the Piping advertisement and 
all the bits that we are spending on, marketing and branding, definitely gives them a 
pride of their association with HIL and we will continue that. But a direct correlation 
is very difficult to be bought, because the customer segments are quite different.  
Dhaval Shah: 
And Sir, we had taken a 5% price hike as you have mentioned in the second quarter. 
So, any price cut or rise you have taken in the third quarter or planning to take in the 
fourth quarter? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Shah, we have again raised our prices in quarter four and that is specific as per 
our plan and strategy so that we are able to come up to the peak season, which 
starts towards the end of March, with a good price base. This has to be done 
sensitively, zone by zone, because our competitors are not doing that. And if you 
see their results, I do not want to comment on that. You are investors, but you can 
see that they have not fared as well as us, which clearly symbolizes that our strategy 
has been slightly better than theirs. We will continue that, we are the market leaders 
on prices and HIL is the market leader on quantities as well, we have about close to 
21%, 22% market share and we want to continue that, Mr. Shah. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, last question, are you seeing any player getting weak in your market which is 
helping you along with your own efforts? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
While I am transparent, I would like to refrain from talking about our competitors. I 
think the markets are well versed to you as much as we are. I would definitely say 
there are very good people, there are extremely strong competitors and make us 
even do better by what they are doing, and we are proud of having an association of 
our competitor who are striving us to do better. I am sure they know their business 
well. I would only say, HIL is becoming stronger.  
Dhaval Shah: 
And just one request, if possible for you to hold an analyst meet where we can meet 
you in Bombay. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Absolutely Sir, we will do that. I mean, I am slightly occupied. Please allow me, the 
Parador acquisition does take a huge bandwidth from me and my team. And if we 
miss out or we mess this up, this can have a severe detrimental effort. So we are 
very conscious of that. So, I think after couple of months we can do this, Mr. Shah. 
But anytime, you are most welcome to shoot out your questions across to Ajay or to 
Veerappan or even to me, and we will be happy to answer them to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Teena Virmani from Kotak Securities.  
Teena Virmani: 
My question is regarding Parador, I do not know whether you will be able to share 
those details now or not. Just wanted to get some idea on the gross block or the 

 
11 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
working capital requirement of Parador as a company, which would ultimately get 
consolidated in HIL. So, would you be able to throw some light on the same? Or do 
we have to wait for the fiscal to end and the numbers to get consolidated? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Madam, very kind of you to join this call. Thank you for your questions. I can well 
understand that there is a lot of excitement around Parador and it is just that we want 
to do the financial bit very well, the integration is well in process. Just give us another 
breather, a few more months and you will get all numbers as transparently as you 
get it for other part of HIL. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. And also sir, regarding the strategy for the sale of Parador product, so would 
you be focusing on the existing markets of Parador or would you be bringing that 
product in the domestic markets? Like you had earlier mentioned that you would be 
bringing that product in the domestic market and selling it across. So, I just wanted 
a simple comparison, although there are not many listed players in the same side, 
but a couple of players who are there in the wooden flooring, they have not been 
able to make that kind of money or they have been able to make that kind of margins 
on the sale of this product. So, how would Parador be positioned with respect to the 
current industry in the domestic markets? And what kind of margins would you be 
targeting from the sale of Parador? Would they be in line with what Parador has been 
making in the global markets or would it be in line with how the other players in India 
are making on that segment? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, again, first of all, congratulations for very good market assessment. You are 
absolutely right, this is a small market in India because India still is predominantly a 
stone market or a marble market, and the conversion has to take place. But what we 
are coming to India with and that is not the only strategy we have, so India is a part 
of the strategy. But buying Parador was much more to explore other markets where 
they have not reached and grow the product. Let me once again remind you that the 
total capacity utilization of Parador is about 67%, so we have one-third of the capacity 
in Parador to be extensively utilized for other markets where they have not been able 
to reach. We will definitely support them, and we are already talking to them in way 
of supporting them to reach out markets where they have not reached. So, we 
definitely see that full utilization of their capacity in Austria without meaningful 
CAPEX investment further is on the cards, and we will help them. India would be a 
small part of that and we will have to convert the market. The present players are 
great companies who are operating here, but as you rightly said, they have not done 
too much. And that kind of a brand pull, that kind of a brand visibility, that kind of a 
creation of markets, conversion from the carpets or from marbles to the wood 
flooring, all of these are elements that we are consciously considering. And when we 
are ready with our plans on Parador for India, we will definitely share that with you. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. But in the current scheme of things, India would be a small part, as you 
mentioned? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Because the market is small, so there will be a lot of effort to converting this market 
towards it. And we are fully focused on doing that.  
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. And lastly, would you be able to throw some light on the current pricing 
differential between the asbestos based sheets and non-asbestos, and even the 
steel sheets, because now that steel prices have also come down. So what is the 
current pricing differential between these three categories, if you can throw some 
light on that? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Yes, absolutely. See, when you talk of price, sometimes it is not the right comparison 
because a sheet to sheet price would be some, but the total installed cost with the 
structures and everything could be different. But on a very simple correlation, if I can 

 
12 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
say, asbestos sheets are at a particular level, the non-asbestos is higher than that 
and the steel is higher than that. So we have tried to position the non-asbestos 
between the asbestos and the steel, closer to the steel. And therefore, I said this 
business will be highly profitable to us. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. So, how much higher would that be sir, any idea on that? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
It is difficult today to spell out that number, because it is very different from customer 
to customer. And we are just, as I said, setting in this product. Each customer has a 
cycle of test procurements, they want to see it for a year, they want to really assess 
the product and then to for a tender, the price list has to be updated by them. So 
these are all institutional customers, big giants who take their own time. Of course 
prices are different for them, but I can say its substantially higher, about 30%, 40% 
higher than our asbestos sheets.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Edelweiss.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Mr. Dhirup, congratulations, I think you are really trying to navigate the ship, so you 
are doing a wonderful job till now. Kudos to you on that. Two questions and one 
follow-up query regarding something you mentioned earlier. My questions are, are 
there cost pressures on the Roofing business from fibre prices if you could just throw 
some commentary on that? And the election season is coinciding with your peak 
quarter, which is quarter one, will there be any impact of that? So if you could answer 
this, then I will ask you a follow-up.  
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Thank you very much for your comments. It is your company, we are just trying to 
do our bit on that. On the fiber, I think we are very well poised. I think the fiber 
suppliers have been very kind with us. And HIL being the biggest amongst all the 
fiber suppliers, I think we are quite favorably poised on the cost. So we do not see a 
rise in cost on that aspect. On the election side, it’s anyone’s guess, I mean, there 
would be some problems but there could be also positive sides, it all depends on 
how the election really moves if they are spending a lot, giving more capacity for the 
farmers spend and lot more things to really get them on to their election bandwagon. 
I think that will be helpful to the market. So the rains have been quite good last year, 
there have been some zones where the rains have been low, so those zone will be 
affected. But overall, I think I am still bullish about the next quarter.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Fair enough. And sir, could you also throw some light, I know probably it is still early 
in the day, but as you have international aspirations through Parador for HIL, given 
that some of these markets the nature of business would be different, would it entail 
a higher working capital requirement at HIL’ side? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I mean, you are talking about exports out of HIL and the working capital, am I right? 
Aejas Lakhani: 
That is correct. So, through Parador you are looking at international markets for HIL, 
would that result into an incremental booking capital? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, at the moment our exports are more or less close to zero, because we only sell 
a bit of Hysil, which is our industrial product out of India and a bit of panels outside 
India. But we definitely have good hopes of acquiring some good markets around 
India for Fortune, non-asbestos as well as for the pipes and fittings, and also help 
Parador in zones where they are missing. When we reach those countries we will be 
extremely careful on working capital, we will do business through letter of credit or 
secured terms, and that is something that is prescribed in my business ethics. So I 
think from an investor point of view you have nothing to worry on that. 

 
13 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
Aejas Lakhani: 
That answers that. And sir, the EUR 66 million breakup you gave, EUR 32 million 
and EUR 34 million, could you just explain, the EUR 32 million is incremental debt 
you have taken and EUR 34 million is the existing debt in the Parador business, is 
that correct? 
KR Veerappan: 
The EUR 32 million is taken incremental debt in HIL International for the acquisition 
of Parador in Europe. So, EUR 32 million is a Europe debt which will be appearing 
in the HIL international and Parador books. As far as the EUR 34 million is 
concerned, which is nothing but Rs.276 crore, that is taken in India in rupee loan.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amit Vora from PCS Securities.  
Amit Vora: 
The question is on the advertising budget that we would have done till now, and what 
would it be like in Q4 as well, combined, all the segments together? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Vora, you are trying to take everything out of my pockets, so thank you for that. 
Amit Vora: 
Only if it is possible, I mean, if it is not then I respect that. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
It is your company, you have the right to ask and I am obliged to answer you. We 
have spent about Rs.5 crore last quarter for the advertisement, HIL alone. And 
overall, about Rs.10 crore has been spent for the CSK bit that we had with the IPL. 
So, total about Rs.15 crore, Rs.16 crore is what we have spent in nine months, Mr. 
Vora. This all was thanks to the comfort that you all gave to us and the powers you 
gave to us to run this company. And we felt that this was needed from every aspect. 
I must tell you, the recent market survey that we have done through very-very 
specialized marketing agencies, talks about very high HIL brand that is being 
perceived around. And that is well visible with the business that we are able to see 
and the attachment of our dealers, retailers that we are able to see. So, going forward 
we would be, as I said, we would be quite judicious on spending that, but some bit 
of it would be needed to push business forward. 
Amit Vora: 
We are very happy to get that visibility. Would that be the similar amount that you 
have spent in Q3 for pipe division in Q4 as well or it will not be…? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
For the IPL part there is one more year’s association that we have, but part of it went 
into production of a film which we brought at the IPL. We are not planning to do 
another film this year, rather, repeat that film because that film really got excellent 
exposure for HIL. So, that cost would definitely come down. But more or less, as I 
said, the marketing will never increase more than 1% of the revenue. And we are 
quite in that level. 
Amit Vora: 
Perfect. And one more question, last quarter our working capital to sales was around 
4%, is that what has continued even in Q3? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, Amit, your question is valid. We were at 17% two years back on a yearend basis, 
we brought it to 12% and then to 4% last March. And we thought we had come to 
exactly a level where we want to keep ourselves too. But the quarters are always 
different because we try to pump up the capacity for the peak. So quarter four, I am 
assuming that inventories will be higher, because they will be planning for the 
Roofing peak which comes in April. 
Amit Vora: 
That is normal, I think, market sentiment. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Absolutely. Overall, the working capital has come down not because of these spurts 
in inventory sometimes that you want to keep as a strategic base, but because of the 

 
14 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
receivable collections, because of being extremely sensitive on every aspect. So, I 
think that will continue as an organization.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Deepanker Sati from Magadh 
Capital.  
Deepanker Sati: 
I have just one question. I missed the numbers on interest cost, if you could please 
repeat that? 
KR Veerappan: 
You are talking of the interest rate or…?  
Deepanker Sati: 
Yes, the rates.  
KR Veerappan: 
Interest rate, the EUR 32 million borrowing which we have done in Europe, it was 
acquired at the cost of 3.25%, which we have again renegotiated and effective 1st 
January it has come down to 1.6%, average interest rate.  
Deepanker Sati: 
1.6% right? 
KR Veerappan: 
Yes, that will reflect in HIL International books and it will reflect in our consolidated 
financials. Right now in HIL standalone that will not reflect. As far as HIL standalone 
results are concerned, we have Rs.276 crore borrowing, its weighted average rate 
of interest is around 8.6%. So that is what is reflecting as a finance cost. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from Centrum Broking.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
My question is pertaining to the Asbestos, you have been doing consistently like 9% 
volume growth is what you reported this quarter for nine months particularly if I see. 
Just wanted to understand, is it broad based? Or few markets are growing at a faster 
pace? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Rajesh, As I answered earlier, I do not think the market is growing at 9% in India. So 
we have been quite satisfied and happy to see that we are growing much on that 
level. And I definitely see that overall the entire companies in the Asbestos forum are 
doing their bit to see that the market grows. And hopeful that this should sustain. 
Definitely these are in pockets, so some zones always grow better than the other. 
But overall, I think it is sustainable. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. So any specific markets where you have seen contrasting trends? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I think overall, I would say, it has been a pretty favorable. These are quite seasonal, 
these are quarter wise different. Overall, I would say, I will not speak specific to any 
market as overall HIL has been. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Sir, you were discussing on the price hike that was implemented at the start of the 
quarter. So, for you what price improvement did you see quarter-on-quarter on the 
Asbestos segment? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
The price improvement is an element that we monitor very closely, and we never go 
for volume, we go for price, profitability, and that is our system. So, this January also 
we have raised the price, February also we have raised the price. While our 
competitors are not doing enough, but I have no control on them. From HIL’s point 
of view, this has been our philosophy and we will continue that. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Sir, I was asking, in Q3 what price improvement did you see versus Q2? 

 
15 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Those are very-very detailed numbers, I am so sorry, I have not come prepared for 
this teleconference for that. You can see from the profitability that on a volume 
growth, the profits have gone much better.  
KR Veerappan: 
Rajesh, you can see Q3 volume growth was 8% in AC sheet and revenue has grown 
by 9%. So, the realization has improved.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. I was asking on quarter-on-quarter perspective. And sir, in terms of the others, 
if you could throw some light on the segmental operating margins, some broad color 
also that would be helpful to understand how different business segments are doing 
on the EBITDA level? Even for nine months that would be helpful. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I mean, the numbers that we normally give is the PBT numbers, they are in the 
presentation.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Reliance AIF.  
Manish Poddar: 
Just wanted a small clarity. So this pricing which you have increased in Q1 and Q3 
now in the Roofing segment, is it largely to cover the dollar-rupee conversion for the 
fiber? Or have we taken a slightly more price increase than necessary? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Partly, yes, absolutely right, it is to cover the cost, cement as well as dollar-rupee 
conversion. But partly also to compensate for the detailing that we are doing and in 
connections. So, I think we have a right to claim a little more than our competitors 
because of the detailing we do. 
Manish Poddar: 
So would it be a fair assumption that the margins at current levels can sustain for the 
coming year? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I think the worst is over for Roofing for a year, because this is cyclic as you know. 
So, quarter three is the weakest quarter and we are happy that HIL has outperformed 
in that quarter as well. Quarter four should be reasonably good, while we prepare for 
quarter one which should be the best quarter for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sharvari Joshi from Trivikram 
Consultants.  
Sharvari Joshi: 
Sir, my question pertains to the effective tax rate which seems to be on a higher side 
this quarter. So, could you explain about it a little bit? 
KR Veerappan: 
In fact, in my opening remarks I had specifically mentioned about this. Yes, the 
effective tax rate for the quarter is higher because the interest cost on the loan which 
we have taken for the acquisition of Parador, that is from a tax perspective there is 
a disallowance. So we need to remove that disallowance, that is why the effective 
tax rate is higher in this quarter. 
Sharvari Joshi: 
And sir, any CAPEX guidance for FY20? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I think, Ms. Joshi, we would be maintaining our CAPEX pretty much there. But for 
the buildings solutions we have reached a 95% capacity utilization and since now 
the profitability has come up, we are very much prone to look at investment 
opportunities that would take this business higher up. Next year we will actually face 
this problem that the building solutions would have reached its capacity and therefore 
we will have to quite aggressively look at what are the next bit. So those CAPEX are 
going to come. Parador, I do not imagine any big CAPEX, except maintenance 
CAPEX. And for Pipes, we have lot of capacity that has been created and I think we 

 
16 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
should use it. If Fortune business really takes up well, then we may go with some 
addition of capacity on that. Other than that I do not see any big items there. 
Sharvari Joshi: 
Okay. So maybe you would be announcing in, say, first quarter of FY20? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
You are talking about? 
Sharvari Joshi: 
Building solutions, because you had said that the capacity utilization is quite high. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Capacity will come, it will take about eight, nine months to come forward once we 
give an okay. But we haven’t yet given an okay to the proposal. We are still looking 
at it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from Investec.  
Chintan Shah: 
Sir, wanted to understand on the Agri space, I mean, Pipe space, if you could 
elaborate what is the strategy, how do we position ourselves? And what is the market 
situation right now and how you intend to compete? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Shah, it is quite an open ended question and let me see what justice I can do to 
this. This is a pretty much crowded market, we have 500 players in India alone for 
pipes. Four or five of them are at the top which have a good market share, the others 
are all below 3%, 4% market share, if I can say. The market size is anything between 
Rs.12,000 crore to Rs.18,000 crore and we definitely see this market growing at 
about 10% annually, all pipes together. We are into CPVC, UPVC and SWR only, 
we are not in agricultural pipes. The competition here is absolutely steep against 
some big players, we do not want to compete against the small guys, because the 
profitability could be a big risk there. We have come out with a product which is 
excellent, in my opinion, and it is not only my opinion but opinions of people who 
know this product well in the market, who have all symbolized that we are at par with 
everyone of the top names in the market. The issue is brand creation, the issue is 
brand pull, the issue is getting some big dealers and retailers to be associated with 
us, why should they change from the big names to us. Those are the issues that are 
critically getting evaluated, while we are spending a lot of time in building our core 
competencies in manufacturing in pipes, while we are creating capacities for that. At 
any stage the manufacturing losses can be minimum and efficiencies could be 
maximum. So all of it, it is riding on three horses if I can say, horse number one 
would be expansion of market reach, horse number two is branding, horse number 
three is manufacturing and getting the best quality out. But we have the Birla tag with 
us, which is very well known, and I think that is something we take pride on and I 
think all of you should being associated with this company. And we are very-very 
comfortable the way it is going, and we are very-very bullish on the pipes.  
Chintan Shah: 
Sir, if you could share more of your expectations for next year for this segment? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Shah, very difficult to quote the numbers because it is a growing market, as you 
see we have grown 121% over it, and projections are something I stay away with. 
But I have given good projections to all investors that we are striving at a Rs.400 
crore revenue number of pipes in the next three years, four year’s time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sriram R. from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund.  
Sriram R.: 
Sir, basically if I come to your roofing business, now the other building material 
players have been talking about some kind of rural stress, especially in Maharashtra 
and Karnataka. And you had mentioned about the elections also. So if you could 

 
17 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
help us understand what would be the impact of all those things in the ongoing couple 
of quarters? How do you see this business in the next year? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Mr. Sriram, so Karnataka we are not as strong, possibly. Maharashtra, yes, but in 
Maharashtra there are some other players also doing well. But I think we are not very 
worried because we are at the top, we have the best quality, we have the best 
dealers who are working with us, our brand is well recognized. The product losses 
are less than 1% while the market average is 3% to 4%. I think there is a lot that we 
can offer while the others aren’t, and I think that is the strength that we draw. I am 
not at all very worried about it. The CSK bit that we do pull the people towards us. 
The elections insecurities always stay in everyone’s mind, and that is for all products 
I would say. But I think the rural segment would do well, and I am very bullish about 
next year.  
Sriram R.: 
Sir, but does your business have some kind of correlation with the tractor sales or 
something, what is the key metric that you people follow? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
There are two macros that we follow Mr. Sriram, one of them is do with the rainfall 
last year. So if the rainfall has been good last year, that gives a good reap for the 
farmers and then the financial capability of the farmers grow, which helps in the 
business in the subsequent year. And second is overall GDP growth, because those 
are the numbers that we can depend, the rural GDP and other things are not very 
well prescribed and therefore those numbers are not very authentic. But the overall 
GDP has a good room to follow. So these are the two that we follow and we make it. 
So, it is showing a little bit of dampening coming forward because of the insecurity 
on election, but we are very conscious about that and therefore we are working 
around it so that our direct touch with the last level, as we say, the last mile is always 
there. And therefore we are very hopeful that we will be able to sustain our business. 
Sriram R.: 
But sir, insecurity in what sense? Because as far as I understand at least the budget 
announcements are positive, at least in the short-term there should be some kind of 
uptick, if not later. So, what is that you are seeing, is that volumes have started to 
taper off, is that what we are seeing in Q4? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I did mention that January has not been a very good month, not only for us but I 
believe the market has literally clipped down. But for us we are very conscious, 
January has been weak because we wanted it to be weak, that means took height 
in December and secondary sales have been lower. And therefore the pull from the 
primary sales has been lower in January. We had understood this, but we wanted to 
do it this way because we can then collect our money back so that the receivables 
are lowest by the end of March. So this was quite strategic. February and March, I 
think the volumes are going to be good, and therefore I am not at all worked up on 
that. I just said the insecurity is for everyone around election, because that is an 
animal I don’t think anyone understands well. So, we will have to just wait and see 
how it is, but we are going across it and taking all actions so that the business does 
not get weakened.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ritika Garg from Aequitas 
Investments.  
Ritika Garg: 
Sir, I wanted to know what is the FOREX hedging policy that we have in place? 
KR Veerappan: 
See, as far as the imports of fibers are concerned, we do have a policy that every 
month we see the next three months and try to cover a minimum 30% to 70%. So 
that is something we follow consistently as per board approved policy. And this 
particular thing, Euro, this is the first time which has happened because this is 
something a loan which we have given to our subsidiary and it becomes a receivable. 

 
18 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
So this is a reverse case. And this is something the first quarter like there was a huge 
gain, as you would have noticed, and second quarter it has been reversed. Now we 
are looking to hedge, and we are waiting for the right moment, we would be hedging 
at least more than 70%, but we are waiting for the right rate to be hedged. 
Ritika Garg: 
Okay. And what was our advertisement expense in absolute terms for FY19? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
2019, I mentioned that number, about Rs.16 crore. 
Ritika Garg: 
So we are not going to incur anything further in Q4? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
At the moment it is not on the card, but the CSK bit will come in, so there is an 
alignment with Chennai Super Kings which we have for this year as well, so that part 
will flow in definitely, part of it will flow in. 
KR Veerappan: 
And also, IPL has been advanced, this year it is going to start in the month of March 
itself. So there will be a little bit of spend advancement also. 
Ritika Garg: 
Okay. So, could we say that the number would be around Rs.20 crore or it would be 
more than that? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
It would not exceed that, Ms. Garg. 
Ritika Garg: 
Okay. Also I wanted to know what will be the breakeven period for the pipes 
business? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I mentioned, quarter one next financial year I am hoping to see a profitable, or at 
least a breakeven for this business.  
Ritika Garg: 
No, so when do we expect to recover our investment by? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Rs.400 crore is the revenue that this business will deliver to us, and I think four to 
five years, as I said, to reach that revenue, we will be able to recover all and more of 
it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kush Gangar from Care Portfolio 
Management Services.  
Kush Gangar: 
My question is on Parador. So, I wanted to just understand your strategy with respect 
to, so we understand the margins over there are lower and there is a scope for 
improvement in margins. So our focus would be on ramping up the capacity 
utilization or you want to inch up the margins and cover up all the loose ends which 
are there and then focus on capacity utilization? So what would be our strategy over 
there? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, that is something that we are dwelling every day, so this strategy I something 
that we are working on. I think the first step that I was fundamentally very clear about 
is to see that they feel a good home in us. And that integration, both in terms of 
human capital as well as in terms of processes and system and financial integration 
was the first key element that I had in my mind. And I am very thankful and happy to 
declare that this absolutely in peace, there are many Indian companies which have 
failed with European companies after the takeovers, but I think we are comfortable, 
touchwood, everything is working in the right direction. We have a fantastic team 
there who are singing in unison with us and we are working together. We are working 
on all directions together, like in HIL when I came in two years back, I had mentioned 
to all my investors and I think I stand by it that we are going to improve the internal 

 
19 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
efficiencies as well as help this company to grow from a Rs.1,000 crore which it had 
stayed for many years to a much higher level. Similar for Parador, we will try and 
look at every element that is there to improve its efficiencies within the company, 
whether it will be procurement, whether it will be cost savings, whether it will be 
efficiencies built in there in every element, all of that is being looked in. We have also 
now introduced Six Sigma into Parador, and that has been a big leap for us definitely, 
and for Parador. And they feel that that should deliver the results. And then of course, 
strategically look at markets where they are not there and try and help them to 
acquire these markets. China being one, where we are trying to look at joint-venture 
partner to help us grow this market in China. There is a huge potential in China and 
we have huge capacity in Parador to furnish this material over to China. There is a 
direct train line which is existing between Germany and China, so that gives flexibility 
for transportation, and the costs are quite subdued. So, all of that, I must say, I mean, 
we are not looking at any one aspect, it is everything together that we are working 
on. 
Kush Gangar: 
Sure. So, can we expect, so currently we are at 66% utilization over there, so would 
it be fair to assume that over the next two, three years we can reach probably the 
optimum utilization over there, which will also help in improving our margins from the 
current levels? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Can I request you to just give me a little more flexibility of four to five years, not two 
to three years, because European companies are used to a particular growth. We 
will try our best on that.  
Kush Gangar: 
Sure. And with respect to Charminar Fortune, you mentioned that we have received 
CST Station’s order as well as couple of big clients like BHEL have come on board. 
What kind of utilization can be expected for the next year? Because currently it is 
hardly any contribution over there, after I think one year of the launch. So, what kind 
of utilization would be expected over there? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
At the moment I think from a utilization point of view there is only one plant that we 
are manufacturing this product, which is in Kondapalli. And we have only been able 
to get into the real business last six months, I would say, while we have launched 
the product last one year but there is a lot of process in getting into even the trail 
orders from the big companies. They first get your product, there is a lot of technical 
seminars you have to undertake, then they will bring you into their price list or 
approved price list and then they will test the trial orders. They try one year at least 
to see how the test orders work and then they will go for main order. So it is a painful 
process, but what I am happy to say is there are zero failures in this product, the 
product wherever has been installed has been installed with pride and a lot of positive 
sense is coming through. If this was not the case we wouldn’t have got an iconic 
order of the Chhattrapati Shivaji Terminus, because that is something which is visible 
to the world. So, we are very happy with the way things moving. BHEL is a very 
prestigious customer, so are the Indian Railways, so are many of the other reputed 
customers whom we have been able to meet. I am very hopeful, but giving a number 
to an upcoming business is always dangerous. And I would not go for projections for 
future at all at this stage.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities 
Investment Management.  
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Sir, most of the questions have been answered, just two things. One is, continuation 
on Fortune. As you said we just started providing the product in last six months, but 
over a three to five years period do you think that this product now, based on the 
feedback from the customer and all, do you think it can be a 25%, 30% of business 
on the Roofing side? Do you think that opportunity is available and the customer 
acceptance is there? 

 
20 
Q3 & 9M FY19 Concall Transcript 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Nikhil, you are being very kind to me to ask this question, because my aspiration is 
much higher. I will rather put my personal money in this business, because I am 
convinced. This was my dream, when I came in the R&D really worked on this, they 
have come out with an excellent product. We have now done IPs, not only in India 
but around India in 16 countries we have done IPs for this product. The product has 
done very well wherever we have supplied, there has been zero failures on this 
product. It is a fantastic product, it is a game changer, no one in the world has this 
product. So I am extremely bullish, I think the aspirations that you have will certainly 
get met. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. And secondly, in the pipes business you said that we would probably 
breakeven next year Q1. But just to understand, pre-ad spend we would be breaking 
even at the manufacturing level? Because as of now…  
Dhirup Choudhary: 
EBITDA, yes, at the manufacturing EBITDA.  
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
We would be breaking even? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Correct. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. And lastly on Parador, I think just to understand, there was some promoter or 
the previous promoters loan which the company had, which I think we repaid during 
the process of our acquisition. So what was the cost of that loan which we have 
brought in at around 1.6% now? Because that will give us a major change in terms 
of the interest cost advantage which the company was earlier paying vis-à-vis what 
we have brought in. 
KR Veerappan: 
Yes, they were paying at around 8% average and we have bought in at 1.6% now. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Okay. And its EBIT margin was around 5%, 6%, which we mentioned, last year’s 
EBIT margin was around 5%? 
KR Veerappan: 
7.5%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies & gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Thank you, all, for this exciting discussion. It has been a pleasure interacting with all 
of you over this call. We have tried to be as transparent as possible, we thank you 
for taking time out and engaging with us today. We value your continued interest and 
support and we value every question that you have platformed today to us. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know anything more about your company, 
kindly feel free to reach out to our investor relations desk. I personally look forward 
to meeting many of you in the coming quarters. And all the best to all of you. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies & gentlemen, on behalf of HIL Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines.  
- ENDS - 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
