 
 
 
 
  23rd February, 2019 
 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
                
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G, 
 
          
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: HPL  
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda  Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540136 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir 
 
This is with reference to the intimation dated 13th February, 2019 made by the company 
about the Conference Call scheduled for Investors/Analysts on Friday, 15th February, 2019.  A 
copy of Transcript of the conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed 
herewith and the same is also available on the Company’s website i.e.  www.hplindia.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For HPL ELECTRIC & POWER LIMITED 
 
 
 
Vivek Kumar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VIVEK 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by VIVEK KUMAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=110095, 
st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=3eb36823c8b414e7e934f2e0af3da0106
41437e49524495d66b6b358709bf23f, 
2.5.4.45=032100E234C1A60CCB36368F0C1FF320
31C16B9EC4C0C83F861248F1AB5F64A048C162, 
serialNumber=052767230d5f1c44b1c2164eefdb8
4f2c760ac7359949d646e7ce9b91f23d372, 
cn=VIVEK KUMAR 
Date: 2019.02.23 12:52:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“HPL Electric and Power Limited Q3 FY19 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAUTAM SETH – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. VR GUPTA 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the HPL Electric and Power Limited’s Q3 FY19 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. As a remainder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal 
from PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks. Good evening to all. On behalf of Phillip Capital, I welcome you to HPL Electric and 
Power Limited 3Q Earnings Call. Today we have HPL’s management, represented by Mr. Gautam 
Seth – Joint MD and Mr. VR Gupta. I hand over the floor to the management for their opening 
remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Gautam Seth: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the management of the company, 
we extend a very warm welcome to all of you to discuss the Financial Results for the Third Quarter 
and Nine Months of Financial Year 2018-2019.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that all financial performance comparisons would be on 
year-to-year basis. Our performance in the third quarter was marked by expansion in operating 
margin, driven by our sustained efforts towards cost optimization. Gross margin for the quarter 
improved, and we expect further improvement over the next few quarters.  
 
Coming to our segment revenues in Q3 FY19, our switchgear and lighting revenues grew by 12% 
and 7% respectively. Our meter revenues declined by 12% due to delay in inspection of orders 
worth over Rs. 20 crores. These orders will be dispatched in fourth quarter and we expect to record 
revenues of over Rs. 175 crores in this segment for the current quarter. Profitability declined due 
to marginally lower revenues and higher depreciation.  
 
Coming to our performance during the first nine months, our overall revenues grew by 12%, driven 
by 33% growth in switchgear segment, aided by strong trade business. Both our lighting and meter 
segments grew by 9%. We maintain our prior guidance of double-digit growth in metering 
revenues for the full year.  
 
EBITDA margin expanded by 48 basis point due to continued focus on procurement efficiencies 
across business segments. Profitability remains stable. 
 
Coming to our segment margins, metering margins declined due to higher polycarbonate prices in 
the first two quarters of calendar year 2018, partially neutralized by stability in prices in the second 
half of 2018. Switchgear margin is on a recovery path with sustained improvements, driven by 
revenue growth and optimal product mix. Lighting margin was stable. 
 
Our total order book as on 7th February stands at Rs. 519.1 crores of which Rs.484.7 crores are 
meter orders. This includes an order for supply of 28,000 smart meters for one of the smart grid 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
projects. Our ad spends for the first nine months stood at Rs. 11.9 crores. We are working on a 
new brand building initiative and strategic market campaign, which will further enhance our B2C 
share in our overall revenue, currently at 56%. We expect new associations in the forthcoming IPL 
season.  
 
Overall, our focus remains on procurement efficiencies across business segments. As a result of 
our persistent efforts towards improving our working capital cycle, we have reduced our trade 
(non-utility) receivable days and maintained it around 90 days for quarters ending 30th September 
and 31st December 2018, from 125 days as on 31st March 2018. We expect further improvements 
in our receivable cycle, once the B2C revenue share increases over the coming quarters. 
 
With this I would now like to hand over the call for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies & gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We have the first question from the line of Heer Gokhlani from Isha Securities. Please go ahead. 
Heer Gokhlani: 
We do not participate in EESL tenders, both for meters and LED lights, is that correct? 
Gautam Seth: 
Off-late for certain tenders, we have not been participating, mainly because the terms were not to 
our liking or preference. EESL is a big customer and that is a volume game. If the terms are 
favorable to us, then we participate.  
Heer Gokhlani: 
What is the kind of working capital requirement for such tenders, both for Meters and LED? 
Gautam Seth: 
The terms and conditions for light bulbs are different from those offered for street lighting or the 
other project lighting. EESL has come out with three metering tenders, the bigger ones being the 
smart meter tenders.  Certain payments are extendable almost up to 8 years, with three years being 
the payment period. So, the payment terms cannot be generalized. It depends on the product 
category as well as tenders themselves. But bearing in mind the structure of past meter tenders, the 
working capital requirement can be on the higher side.  
Heer Gokhlani: 
What is the difference between the metering margin on sales made to EESL and direct sales to 
utilities, or even through the trade channel? 
Gautam Seth: 
Meters sales in the B2C segment, which go through our trade channel, witness comparatively 
higher margin, in line with our other product offerings in the B2C segment; but this forms a smaller 
portion of the metering revenue pie. Majority of our metering revenue is generated from the 
utilities. The EBIT margins are around 14% to 16%. For a couple of EESL tenders, the margins 
were on the lower side as the price discovered post the bidding process, was lower than what we 
anticipated. In general, for all utilities, the margins are between 14% to 20%, depending upon the 
type of product and the technology used. 
Heer Gokhlani: 
For smart meters, would it be higher? 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
Gautam Seth: 
Theoretically yes, because generally it is not just the product, but the complete solution. It includes 
software and the communication system. So, the margins in a smart-meter tender should be higher 
for any manufacturer.  
Heer Gokhlani: 
The expenses of replacing an existing meter with a smart meter, are borne by the customer or the 
utility? 
Gautam Seth: 
The expenses are borne by the utility for the smart meters. The central government is currently 
driving this initiative. Although now, a few state governments have also started coming out with 
the smart-meter tenders. The consumer pays rent for that, which is charged monthly in the bill. 
Whether that amount will increase or would remain the same, if a regular meter is replaced by a 
smart meter, remains to be seen. In general, the rent is paid by the customer for the meter that 
belongs to the state or central utility. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Akshay Jain, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshay Jain: 
Can you briefly explain the scope of benefits derived from being backward integrated? And in 
which of our product segments do we witness maximum cost benefits from the same? Or if you 
could explain in % cost reduction terms? 
Gautam Seth: 
We are backward integrated in all the four product verticals. In metering, right from R&D, 
electronic manufacturing, complete plastic tooling, injection molding up to the final assembly 
testing, everything is done in-house. Primary reason behind backward integration, is to maintain 
the quality and ensuring consistency in the product. Backward integration is vital for all meter 
manufacturers to compete in the market. Over the past 10 to 15 years, we had nearly 40 to 50 
manufacturers coming into metering, but only those who had control over the complete 
manufacturing, quality, design, are the ones which are able to sustain with a competitive business 
model. There are only four to five players today in the market, with no serious entrant in the last 
10 years. Similarly, in LEDs, we’ve had many manufacturers entering the market with an asset 
light model. Those players were involved in trading activities, but we have seen some 
consolidation due to the declining price scenario. Players with no control over manufacturing, are 
not able to compete in the long run. When we analyze the long-term opportunities at our disposal, 
across the four business verticals, one needs to have control over design, manufacturing, and that 
is what we believe in. Our competitors may be going for different products and business models, 
but this has been our business model and strategy. Coming to the cost benefits, in meters and 
switchgears, there are certain cost benefits. Outsourcing could lead to certain short-term benefits 
but that depends upon the product, design or technology. The point is to have control over the 
design, developments and ensure quality of the product. At HPL, we are confident about our 
quality offerings, for around 100,000 to 150,000 products which are manufactured every day, 
across our facilities. Our repeat customers are due to the reputation of our high quality offerings 
in the market. 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Akshay Jain: 
On the switchgear front, we have grown approximately by 30% in the first nine months. What is 
the growth rate target for FY20? 
Gautam Seth: 
1.5 to 2 years back, we had a plan in place and due to our internal reorganization, we expected the 
switchgear business to grow at a higher rate than the industry. We were able to achieve that in the 
previous year with a good growth rate. And again 32% growth in the nine months of current 
financial year. We again expect double-digit growth in future. We will have our business plan for 
the next year ready, in the current quarter. We are looking to go aggressive so a double-digit growth 
rate or even a higher double-digit growth rate, can be possible. 
Akshay Jain: 
Just to quantify that, with the high base of FY19, will it be possible to achieve high double-digit 
growth, as you mentioned? 
Gautam Seth: 
If not 30%, once our plans are in place, we will target something between 15-20%. By the end of 
next quarter, we will be in a better position of shed light on the same. As we are still looking to 
gain market share, there are opportunities and we will be exploiting those. As we have been able 
to deliver over the last 1.5 years in the switchgear segment as far as growth is concerned, there is 
no reason why we should believe otherwise. 
Akshay Jain: 
Our wires and cables segment revenues have witnessed a downward trend since the last four 
quarters, and consequently our consolidated EBITDA margin has increased from 9.6% to 12.4% 
in Q3. So, given the trend, is it that the wire and cables segment revenues are impacting the overall 
consol margins and is there a strategy to consciously reduce wire and segment business, so that 
consol EBITDA margin goes up? 
Gautam Seth: 
In the recent quarters, the reduction of wires & cables segment’s share in the overall revenue, has 
also been one of the factors that has helped us enhance our overall EBITDA margins. But going 
forward, we will focus more on this business segment. Another reason behind the decline is the 
telecom projects which we won in the third and fourth quarters of FY18, which are not there this 
time. In the long run, this segment will grow.  We will keep track of this segment’s contribution 
to overall revenue because that can bring down the overall EBITDA margins. But on standalone 
basis, we are anticipating growth. In Q4 that may not be the case, but over the next one year, we 
can expect that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vikas Singh, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Singh: 
My question is regarding the LED products. One of our competitors has mentioned that they are 
targeting lower tier cities for LED products. What is our strategy in this segment? Are we 
increasing your retail presence in existing markets or aggressively looking to penetrate in new 
cities or town? 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Gautam Seth: 
Our lighting revenues since the last two years, were mainly from LEDs and from the trade market. 
Revenues from EESL and other larger projects, are almost nil. So, our entire growth since the last 
four to five quarters is mainly from the trade. We have seen expansion in our trade business, due 
to MCB and the LED lighting products. Our investments in terms of tying up with an IPL team 
last year and incurring incremental advertisement expenditure, are bearing fruits. Over the 
previous seven quarters, we have spent nearly Rs. 26 crores on advertisement and marketing. That 
is aiding our network expansion, which is eventually helping our switchgear as well as the lighting 
segments. So, in line with our competitors, even our strategy is to penetrate tier II and tier III cities 
and expanding our network pan-India.  
Vikas Singh: 
This year too, are we planning to sponsor an IPL team? 
Gautam Seth: 
This year IPL, we are vying for greater visibility. We have already signed up but by next month, 
we would be announcing that. Overall, we are looking for a better tie-up in terms of our brand 
visibility. This will help us with our revenue targets from the trade segment in the coming two 
quarters.  
Vikas Singh: 
Coming to capacity utilization levels, we are already running at around 75% in metering segment 
and around 65% in non-metering products. Is this based on a single 8-hour shift? 
Gautam Seth: 
The plant has multiple operations. As we were disusing earlier, since we are backward integrated, 
we have a lot of different processes. Some of our back-end manufacturing processes run on two 
shift or three shift basis, the assembly and testing may sometimes be on single shift or two shifts. 
Overall it is not just a single shift or two shifts. From a utilization level increase viewpoint, there 
is a lot of scope within our existing infrastructure, where we can look to enhance our output by 
increasing shifts. Our production capacity is flexible enough to adapt to any additional demand.  
Vikas Singh: 
How much can it be then, the utilization level? 
Gautam Seth: 
So, our utilization in metering; lot of our processes are on two shift or three shift basis, and our 
production since the last couple of months, has gone up. For guidance purpose, we can take it to 
be around 75%. 
Vikas Singh: 
So, 75% including two shifts, is that correct? 
Gautam Seth: 
It depends on the items. Back-end processes like the molding, electronics and other processes are 
working on two shift bases.  
Vikas Singh: 
Can you please provide the inventory break-up of metering and non-metering products? 
Gautam Seth: 
Out of the total inventory, about 65% is on the metering part. 
Vikas Singh: 
And what is our current debt level, short-term and long-term? 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Gautam Seth: 
Our long-term debt is only Rs. 18 crores and on net basis, our overall borrowing is Rs. 450 crores.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
In Metering, you have mentioned in the investor presentation that the metering segment revenue 
is expected to be Rs. 175 crores in Q4. So, this will be the highest quarterly run-rate in the last two 
years. Do we expect a significant margin uptick in the fourth quarter as well? Could it be upwards 
of 18% because of operating leverage? And since you have a high order book, can this run-rate be 
closer to Rs. 160 crores from Q1 onwards?  
Gautam Seth: 
Our target of Rs. 175 crores includes a backlog of Rs. 20 crores, which was already manufactured 
in the last quarter but could not be dispatched due to the inspection schedule given by the utilities. 
Since we have a good visibility of orders, which extends to over six months, production is on the 
rise and we are looking to maximize our efforts. In terms of margins, it was previously impacted 
by polycarbonate prices, which have now stabilized. Considering that, we have seen improvements 
in the margins. Increase in turnover should again help the overall margins.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
18% to 20% will be the range now going forward or would it continue at 16% level? 
Gautam Seth: 
Sequentially, it has increased from around 14% to 15%. There may not be a big jump but there 
will be improvements, which can be witnessed over the next two quarters. The process of utilities 
involves inspections, post which clearances are given for dispatches. The manufactured products 
are not immediately dispatched due to this. Going forward, we would target a run-rate of Rs. 160+ 
crores. The metering business order book stands at Rs. 484+ crores. The execution during the last 
three quarters has been good; the production is at a healthy level; we also have an encouraging 
inflow of enquiries for tenders under evaluation, which are to the tune of Rs. 2,000+ crores. The 
outlook for the next two years seems positive.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
But because of the election, there would at least be a slowdown in the tenders awarded in Q1. And 
can we expect this to normalize Q2 onwards? 
Gautam Seth: 
That may happen temporarily. But overall, we are sitting on a high order book. So, even with the 
election and subsequent mild disruption over 2.5 to 3 months, the revenues are not expected to be 
impacted as ultimately, these are coming from state utilities. And even if the new orders don’t 
come in, like I said, our order visibility extends well beyond six months. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And in the wires and cables business, we have seen a revenue decline in this quarter on a YoY 
basis. Was that a conscious decision from the management, to limit the wires and cables revenue 
this quarter or was the demand hit in this quarter? Peers have reported a strong volume growth, so 
wanted some inputs on the same. 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Gautam Seth: 
There are two things. Last year in the third quarter, there were certain orders for telecom cables 
for 4G installations, which were extended even to the fourth quarter of last year. This year we did 
not have orders from that segment. So, that has partially contributed towards the decline. The other 
aspect is that although the overall industry level demand in the wires & cables segment is healthy, 
it was a conscious decision from our end to not go all out to get the orders, with a view to keep our 
margins intact as well as to improve receivable cycle in the wires business. For the long run, we 
will be chalking out a business plan where we can witness steady growth, with a conscious view 
of the margins as well as the credit enjoyed by our customers and dealers.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
And is the reason behind the decline in EBIT margin on a YoY basis, the rise in commodity prices 
and inability to take price hikes? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, there is always a lag between the increase or decrease in the prices. So, of course, copper also 
has been quite volatile across the last couple of months. So there is always a lag, but generally 
there is a pattern in which the prices are passed on either way, as an increase or decrease. So if 
there is something, it is just purely a temporary thing. But generally the price benefit or either way 
the movement gets passed on to the consumer.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
Can you update us on your channel financing initiatives? Has your working capital cycle improved 
on the non-metering business side? 
Gautam Seth: 
Our non-utility debtor days based on the gross turnover, has come down to 82 days. We are 
witnessing steady improvements over the levels witnessed a year or two ago. We are working 
towards bringing this to around 70-75 days. On the channel financing front, 90 dealers are already 
on-board. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the movement has been positive. So, again, going forward 
in the next year, we would see improvement in the debtor days for non-utility business.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
Can you also help us understand the current real estate demand scenario as most of your portfolio, 
caters to the real-estate segment. Have you seen any impact of liquidity issues and subsequent 
slowdown in real-estate, thereby slower growth in B2C products, like wires and cables or lighting 
or switchgears in this quarter or in the coming quarter in Q4, compared to the first half? 
Gautam Seth: 
Despite demand, due to the liquidity position of the customers or the builders, there are times when 
we end up not supplying or even delaying the delivery schedules based on the payments being 
made upfront by the builders. So these issues are there. The slowdown in real-estate will continue 
for a while. But as I mentioned before, our share in the switchgear and even other businesses, are 
on the lower side. So, we have grown in the switchgear segment by 32% this year. Even last year, 
we have witnessed good growth in the domestic switchgear segment. This is mainly because of 
our internal rejig in this segment and we are looking to increase our market share. Despite the 
short-term headwinds in these segments, we are expecting double-digit growth. Although there is 
liquidity issue, the market opportunity is huge. 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Heer Gokhlani from Isha Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Heer Gokhlani: 
What is our annual meter capacity, in terms of units? 
Gautam Seth: 
Our capacity is 90 lakh meters per annum. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vikas Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Jain: 
What is the order book level as on 31 December 2018? 
Gautam Seth: 
As on 07 February, we are sitting on almost Rs. 520 crores of orders, out of which Rs. 484 crores 
are for meters, about Rs. 17 crores for switchgears, Rs. 12 crores for lighting. These are net of 
taxes. On gross basis, these are over Rs. 600 crores. 
Vikas Jain: 
And what is our EBITDA margin in the metering business? 
Gautam Seth: 
I have the EBIT figures with me. It’s around 16%. Sequentially, from Q2 to Q3, that has increased 
from 14.2% to almost 16%. So, this, as I mentioned earlier, is because of the polycarbonate prices, 
which had a negative impact on the margins for the first two quarters of the calendar year 2018. 
And being a major raw material component in the meters, that had adversely impacted the margins, 
which is now gradually improving.  
Vikas Jain: 
With Saubhagya scheme being one of the key growth drivers for electrification, what kind of 
headroom do we see? What is our metering pipeline, attributable to this scheme? 
Gautam Seth: 
In the past we’ve had certain pending orders in the order book, related to the Saubhagya scheme. 
Saubhagya scheme currently covers 2.5 crore households. That is almost coming to an end right 
now, by the end of March or a couple of months more, that would mark the end of the first phase. 
Post elections, it would depend on how the new government is going to push the Saubhagya 
scheme. 
Vikas Jain: 
Our top-line has remained stagnant for some time now. Any specific reason behind that? 
Gautam Seth: 
2-3 years back, we had certain events which adversely affected our top-line. One of the years, there 
was an impact on the metering industry where specifically, the entire metering industry was down 
by almost 30%, when the government was contemplating shifting the regular meters to the smart 
meters. The other impacts are pertinent to demonetization and GST; those again had an impact last 
year, due to which our business segments recorded muted growth. From April 2018, we have seen 
revival in the overall market. Hence, we maintain our guidance of double-digit growth, which we 
are confident of achieving in FY 2019. Across all the four segments along with the solar segment 
we will witness healthy growth rates over the next few years. 

 
 
HPL Electric and Power Limited
 
February 15, 2019 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Vikas Jain: 
What is your outlook on the lighting segment? How are we placed vis-à-vis our competitors given 
the pricing scenario in the LED space and the competitive pressure? 
Gautam Seth: 
In terms of competitive positioning, we are well placed because among all the top manufacturers, 
we have had an early mover advantage as far as backward integration is concerned, in terms of 
manufacturing including the electronics and the complete driver manufacturing. The importance 
of own manufacturing setup is gradually being realized by the market. This is vital so that one can 
control the design & development, because LEDs require constant R&D and innovation. In terms 
of the declining price scenario, the prices have gradually decline over the past 3-4 years. But since 
last 1-1.5 years, the decline has not been significant. In fact, over the last one year, it has been 
stable. Now overall, we are not witnessing a price decline scenario. Today, right from bulbs or 
batons or the other trade products, even on the projects front, the prices overall, are competitive, 
so on an order-to-order basis, the prices may change. With our backward integration, having our 
own R&D facilities and control over manufacturing, our cost competitiveness will continue to 
increase in future. Despite the pricing scenario, we have been able to maintain our margins at 
around 11% to 12%. We see the margins stabilized at this level. Significant consolidation has taken 
place in the industry with the exit of smaller players. With better industry norms and increasing 
consumer awareness to use branded products, we see things improving further hereon. The worst 
phase in this business is behind us and going forward, the industry will grow at a healthy rate and 
as an established player, we stand to gain immensely from this. 
Vikas Jain: 
Thanks. And just to conclude, what is the cash and debt level on our books as on 31 December? 
Gautam Seth: 
Net debt is Rs. 468 crores. 
Vikas Jain: 
And cash? 
Gautam Seth: 
Cash is Rs. 73 crores.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies & gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal for his closing comments.  
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks. I now hand over the floor to the management for their closing remarks. Over to you, sir.  
Gautam Seth: 
I would like to thank everyone for coming and giving us a patient hearing. And we look forward 
to a good Q4 and along with the increase in the turnover, we as management, are also committed 
towards improving the margins and on the working capital. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies & gentlemen, on behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, 
we conclude today’s conference. Thank you for joining us. You may disconnect your lines now.  
