Mahindra CIE Automotive Ltd 
blahlndra Towers 1 Floor 
Dr G M Bhosale Marg Work 
Mumba~ 400 01 8 lnd~a 
Tel +91 22 24931449 
Fax +91 22 24915890 
www mali~ndracie com 
Ecie investors@mah~ndracie c_om 
91" May, 201 9 
Subject: Transcript of Mahindra CIE Automotive Ltd Q1CY19 Earnings Conference Call 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mu~nbai - 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 532756 
Dear SirlMadam, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 3 1 1 Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bal-tdra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Murnbai - 400 051. 
NSE Scrip Code: MAHINDCIE 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule I11 and Regulation 46(2) the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 
our letter dated 30111 April, 2019 in respect of Mahindra CIE Automotive Ltd QlCY19 Earnings 
Conference Call on 7'" May, 2019, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the same. 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company llttr~://71o7i1i[~.i11nl1111ifr(7~1e.(.o111 
Kindly ackliowledge the receipt and take the same on the record. 
Thanking you, 
For Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited 
IX' 
I 
Panltaj V. Coyal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A 29614 
Encl.: as above 
Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited 
CIN L271001\/1H1999PLC121285 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Mahindra CIE Limited 
Q1 CY2019 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 07, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. NISHANT VASS – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANDER ARENAZA ALVAREZ – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – MAHINDRA CIE LIMITED 
MR. K JAYAPRAKASH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
MAHINDRA CIE LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS SINHA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT – 
STRATEGY – MAHINDRA CIE LIMITED 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q1 CY2019 Earnings Conference Call 
of Mahindra CIE hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishant Vass 
from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Mr. Vass! 
Nishant Vass: 
Thanks Bharath. Good day everyone and thanks for joining us today for the call. From the 
management side, we are represented by Mr. Ander Arenaza Alvarez, CEO, Mr. K 
Jayaprakash, the CFO, Mr. Vikas Sinha, Senior Vice President, Strategy. Now I would like 
to hand over the call to the management for their initial remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Vikas Sinha: 
Thank you Nishant. Good afternoon everyone and good morning to those who are joining 
from Europe. I welcome all of you on this call. There is also Mr. Ander Arenaza our CEO. I 
will present the MCIE results for the first quarter of CY2019. 
 
We will start with the results of MCIE India on page 4. The EBITDA for the India business 
was at a high of 16.3%, but this includes the financial income, the interest income from the 
cash, which had been made ready for the Aurangabad Electrical acquisition. So without this 
one-time income, the equivalent EBITDA percentage is about 15%. The absolute EBITDA 
has grown by 10% versus the first quarter of CY2018, EBIT by 13% and EBT by 2%. 
 
On the sales front in India, there was a 2% growth in revenue despite the negative market 
evolution in passenger vehicles, utility vehicles, tractors, two-wheelers as well as some of 
our key customers. Now, based on the overall economic indicators in India and the normal 
forecast for the monsoon this year, the market forecast seems positive, though at this stage, 
for the automotive market, the situation continues to be uncertain and we do believe these 
forecast can change. 
 
Our European results are shown on page 5. Despite the underlying markets beginning to 
face headwinds in Europe, sales have grown healthily by 15% vis-à-vis the first quarter of 
calendar year 2018. Only 1% of this growth is in account of exchange rate translation 
impact, so this is a performance that we are proud of. 
 
We have managed to slightly increase EBITDA margins to 13.1% as compared to the Q1 of 
last year. In absolute terms, EBITDA has grown 15% versus Q1 CY2018, EBIT by 18% 
and EBT by 21%. The sequential comparison versus previous quarter shows an increase on 
an absolute basis, but a decline on the margin and this was essentially due to the stock 
increase that had happened for the Christmas season. 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
As far as forecasts are concerned, we are confident about the evolution of our results in 
Europe in the next quarters, as our internal operations we believe are solid. The underlying 
market itself, there is some uncertainty in the second half of the year. 
 
Now if we go to slide 6, we will see the consolidated results, which are a combination of the 
good results in both India and Europe. 10% growth in revenue, 13% growth in EBITDA, 
16% growth in EBIT and 12% growth in EBT when we compare the same quarter of last 
year. I am also proud to point out that Q1 CY2019 results in terms of absolute value are the 
best ever results in the MCIE history. The consolidated EBITDA margin is at 14.4% for Q1 
CY2019 compared to 13.9% in Q1 CY2018 and 14.7% in Q4 CY2018. The decline 
compared to previous quarter is due to the effect of the stock increase in Europe that we had 
referred earlier. 
 
In conclusion, I would like to say that these figures presented by us stack up well on their 
own, but they are even better when we see them in the light of the macroeconomic 
uncertainty and sector turmoil in which you know we have achieved this results. It is in 
times of trouble like these that the solidity of CIE’s business module is demonstrated. 
Thanks to the strategy of geographical, technological and customer diversification and our 
financial discipline among our other strengths. With that we can proceed to the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Hitesh Goel from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Thanks for taking my question. First question is basically regarding the European business. 
Your revenue growth has been quite impressive despite a sluggish market. Can you please 
tell us why is it regarding, how the Metalcastello business has done and also the CIE 
businesses, just a more breakdown and outlook on the same. Also my second question 
pertains to the India business. Basically we have seen quite solid margins despite slowdown 
in the industry. So can you just guide us on what is the outlook there as well? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Good afternoon everybody. I am Ander Arenaza. Let us say that European results have been 
really positive and we have this 15% growth in Euros, we are talking about 14% growth. 
This is an impressive growth taking into account that the market is flat or is slightly down. 
The drivers of this growth are coming from first we have this Metalcastello Company where 
we have programs for our customer Caterpillar that we launched a couple of years ago and 
we are ramping up, so let us say that the growth is coming for this new program launch. 
Then we have also Lithuania that is growing importantly when we are already delivering 
crankshafts for our Volkswagen customers and this is a program that we launched last year 
also coming from the investment that we did in the new press line to produce these 
crankshafts for our customers of Volkswagen. Then we have German Forgings, the MFE 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 4 of 21 
where we still have growth as the market in Europe is growing approximately in the 
commercial vehicles about 5% and we are having growth of more than that. So, we are still 
strong in the sales. So, overall gives us this 14%, 15% growth that is fantastic if we see how 
the market is right now. My view and my forecast for the next quarter is that we will 
continue with the same trend in the short-term, probably in the last half of the year, the 
commercial vehicle market will go down a little bit, that is what all the analyst and 
companies like IHS is telling us that the commercial vehicle market will go down slightly 
by the end of the year, so let us say that we are quite confident that we will continue 
improving and let us say getting this good results in Europe. 
 
Regarding India, it is true that in India we had let us say quite significant slow down and the 
biggest impact is coming for two-wheelers where our Bill Forge plant has been relatively 
affected. So Bill Forge by itself had more or less flat sales in this quarter when we were 
expecting much higher growth. The main impact is coming from of course the four-wheeler 
downturn, especially two-wheeler affected to Bill Forge. That is more or less the situation. 
We expect that for the next quarter and especially by let us say second half of the year, the 
Indian market should start revamping. We understand now there are certain uncertainties in 
the market, this insurance impact in the two-wheeler, the different political instability and 
uncertainty creating some downturn in the market, but we expect that if the monsoon helps 
us, and we have a good monsoon this year, probably by the end of the year, we will 
recuperate this 8% to 10% growth that is expected in a country like India. So, as usual even 
though we have this downturn in India, our margins remains solid because we continue 
working in efficiency and productivity and that will help us to be prepared for the next 
market jump that we all expect to come soon. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Just one followup question on the Aurangabad Electricals, when are we consolidating 
Aurangabad Electricals? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Next quarter, we will see first time that we will consolidate Aurangabad. Aurangabad, the 
closing date was April 9, so the second quarter of this year, we will report also Aurangabad 
in the consolidated results. 
K Jayaprakash: 
Hitesh, the Indian margins, I hope you are looking at the interest income there, so we have 
done well, we are still 15%, but that 16.5% includes the financial income. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ujwal Shah from Quest Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Ujwal Shah: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir, can you give more breakup in terms of how Bill 
Forge has performed and will perform in the coming years, as well as Bill Forge Mexico we 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 5 of 21 
were doing a lot of things to improve performance so again how that is shaping up and in 
terms of Indian margins, good numbers for Q1 but more are we doing over there? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Let us say Bill Forge as I stated before has been impacted relatively mainly the two-wheeler 
business reduction; however, we see a solid margins in Bill Forge and we have a quite 
positive expectations on Bill Forge for the next quarters. Let us say, Mexico has been also 
affected to our business because we have the beginning and launch in Mexico, we have 
certain operational issues that we have been all working very hard in the last month to solve 
them. I can proudly say that we have a fantastic Spanish team supporting there, but also a 
team of Indian engineers moved there and all working together to solve these issues and we 
are quite optimistic right now about Mexican company. In the next quarter, we should see 
improvement in Latin growth and in margins in Bill Forge because this Mexican business 
will start paying its dividend. The other point regarding the Mexican plant is that we 
launched this business with for one customer, for GKN, now we have a second customer 
and for the second customer already start of production has happened since last month. So 
this will give us additional push for the growth. So overall I would say that the Mexican 
activity, we will consolidate this activity and we will improve margins and growth rates. 
That is regarding Bill Forge and overall let us say that Bill Forge in India, we think that we 
can improve our margin even more because of this consolidation and growth that we expect 
to come once the two wheeler market recuperates to the normal and standard volumes.  
Ujwal Shah: 
Sir, in terms of Europe business, on the MFE part, we have been growing handsomely over 
there. We have been maintaining that margin expansion in Europe would be a slow and 
steady process. What kind of margin target are we seeing for Europe and MFE for the 
comings years, if you can give some guidance to this? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: European business is giving us nice margin of about 15% return in the last couple of years. 
We are supported by lets say passenger vehicle forgings and Metalcastello that is globally 
support in the EBITDA and German EBITDA is slightly lower. What we see is that we are 
taking a lot of actions and we are working a lot in operational area in order to increase our 
efficiencies, our productivities, reduce the rejections, this kind of internal operations, 
because we want to at least double-digit EBIDTA in Germany. We are not yet there, so if 
we have this double-digit, we will be able to have the 15% EBIDTA level that is our target 
for the next year. So, overall I would say that we are improving, we are consolidated, we do 
not have any delivery, quality issue with customers, the companies are running smoothly 
and we are quite solid both operationally and financially, but yes, we are trying to improve 
our margins especially in Germany and that is our challenge for the next year. 
Ujwal Shah: 
So by when do you think that double-digit margin can be achieved at Germany Sir? 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: It is complicated to say, but this was our target for this year. I think that probably due to the 
downtown of the market we will have some difficulties, but I cannot give you a proper rate, 
but I would say it will be soon. 
Ujwal Shah: 
Sir any thoughts on new order wins or new customer wins be India or Europe? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: I would say that mainly we continue working with the same customers, but what we are 
doing is we are opening different technologies with different customers. So, I would say 
that we have won some businesses with BSA in India, BSA is our customer, we have a 
French customer, we have in Europe but we are winning probably in India, so we are 
opening this region to them, so this is a very good step. We also made the transfer as we are 
closing our UK plant. We made a transfer from Stokes to Bill Forge and this is also certain 
that this will add to growth of Bill Forge and thanks to this transfer we are adding Jaguar 
Land Rover, we are adding Volvo and we are adding Honda on to Bill Forge’s portfolio. So 
those are the main activities in this quarter. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Especially the Stokes business you know hopefully will be say may be towards later part of 
this year I think it will start having an impact. 
Ujwal Shah: 
Great! Thank you for your answers. I will jump back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shyam Sriram from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Sriram: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Very strong growth in Europe. Going forward, you did 
highlight on this EV side, you are anticipating some slow down there, other than that, 
between the Metalcastello and the CIE businesses, are you seeing any specific headwinds. 
Also this year, there is a transition to the Euro 6.3 RB norms, will there be any disruption 
per se because of that, if you can talk about these two please? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: We do not see headwinds or important headwinds for Metalcastello and CIE Forgings. It is 
true that the market in Europe is going down 3% to 4% probably at that rate in the next 
quarter, but our position both in Metalcastello and CIE Forgings is solid. As I mentioned 
before, what we see bigger drop I think that it will be more important that commercial 
vehicles where the growth of 5% that we are facing now, I do not think will be sustainable 
by the end of the month and we already see some reductions in orders. In fact, we are not 
worried at all because as you know this business is the lowest margin business that we have, 
so let us say that for us it is not critical to lose some or to reduce a little bit of business in 
our German Forgings. So that is the review of Germany at this moment. 
Shyam Sriram: 
In that VW CIE Lithuania plant, the 2 million order, is it fully ramped up or do we still have 
some more scope to ramp up there? 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: We are now let us say, close to be in the peak, but not. We still have some room, let us say 
that theoretically we should have some increase, but due to the market situation, perhaps we 
will be close to the peak now. So I would say that we consider that right now after the 
growth that we have had in the last quarter, we will be close to the unit. 
Shyam Sriram: 
Similarly in Metalcastello Sir? Is there some 5 to 7 million Euro growth? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Metalcastello is still growing, and in fact we are adding some additional capacity, we have 
signed capex already approved to increase our capacity in Metalcastello, so we will have the 
opportunity to continue growing. So we are fully booked, we are working of almost 21 
shifts per week that means Saturdays and Sundays we are working and we are at same 
capacity to have the possibility to continue growing. So, it seems that our products and our 
competitiveness is there and customers are acquiring and asking more and more. So, we 
expect to continue growing in Metalcastello. 
Shyam Sriram: 
In Bill Forge Mexico, we had this 35 million order that we were executing, to what level 
can we ramp up this calendar year there? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Now we are let us say, at something like 10-12 million. We are producing at that rate and 
our view is that we should double that rate by the end of the year. That is where we are 
now. We are lower than expected because of some operational issues and also some 
customer delays, but we expect that after solving everything and after producing smoothly 
in the last quarter, we will be able to jump a little more. That is our expectation. 
Shyam Sriram: 
And with that will our margins also be close to the Bill Forge India margin, 18%-19% Sir? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Yes that is the expectation, yes. 
Shyam Sriram: 
Sir one last question if I may in Aurangabad Electricals what are the current utilization 
levels and what level of capex do you see to expand production there? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: They have been let us making important capex or investment plan in the last years because 
they have got impressive growth of I think about 34% the last fiscal year. That means that 
the big investment has been done. We plan to continue investing in 2019 and into 2020 as 
we see that we have new customers and we have new opportunities to continue developing 
the company. The investment plan last year was something like €12 million something like 
that. 
Vikas Sinha: 
The investment plan last year was about Rs.1400 million. I think out of which the actual 
was Rs.110. 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: For this year, we will have similar plan. 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Shyam Sriram: 
This is for to expand into four wheelers Sir that we were earlier taking about for 
diversifying away from the two-wheeler customers there? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Yes what we want is to continue growing with the two-wheelers and also diversifying for 
the four-wheelers, yes. I think that we will continue in both routes and we will grow in the 
two-wheelers where we are now growing with Bajaj and then we will start and we will 
develop therefore their four-wheeler business also. 
Vikas Sinha: 
The four-wheeler business is also there. Two-wheeler business is growing, but the four-
wheeler business is also expanding. 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: In fact we have prepared in our strategy plan for the four-wheelers with higher tonnage 
machineries so we can replicate the production that we have in Europe in this component in 
India and at least in the last commercial contract we had with our customers there is a huge 
interest from their side to develop this technology in India. 
Shyam Sriram: 
Understood Sir. Sir one last question in Europe are your passenger vehicle OE customers 
worried about transition to Euro 6.3 or do you think there can be any disruption around that 
or you are not hearing of any such thing? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: In Europe the transition to the Euro 6.3 is not creating any noise or problem. All the 
carmakers are now working a lot and they are really worried is with the Euro 7. In 2023, the 
Euro 7 will enter in action and this Euro 7 requirement that is 95 g Co2 per kilometer that is 
a big challenge for lot of them, so the current Euro 6 engine they are fulfilling the Euro 6.3, 
so there is no big changes in the short-term, but for the Euro 7 in 2023 there will be major 
changes and then there is another trend that is I think it is important to mention is that diesel 
engines the share of the diesel engines is dropping at this moment mainly because of higher 
NOx emissions and it is seems that this technology will slowly decrease in the next three to 
four years and probably when the Euro 7 enters will get the residual technology, so this is 
the main change that it is happening now in Europe. At least all the carmakers are now 
launching and installing gasoline engines assembly lines to shift to the diesel engines that 
they are not selling. 
Shyam Sriram: 
Understood Sir. Thank you very much. I will come back in the queue Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Gupta from Friends Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Gupta: 
Good afternoon Sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. My first question is after the 
consolidation of the Aurangabad Electric what EBITDA and the revenue we are expecting 
and after that followup question on same? We have purchased Aurangabad Electrical for 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 9 of 21 
their aluminum business how do you think that this is going to affect our existing product 
with a positive way or a negative way? 
Vikas Sinha: 
To answer your first question, the FY2019 Aurangabad numbers are roughly about Rs.8500 
million sales, Rs.850 Crores and EBITDA margin is about 11% to 11.5%, so that will be 
quarter wise it will be consolidated from next quarter. To your next question on 
Aurangabad business is aluminum. It is complementary to our business. The reason why we 
acquired Aurangabad Electricals is because it gives us an entry into the aluminum die 
casting space in India. Of course CIE has a very large and thriving aluminum business in 
Europe and worldwide in fact Ander is also the head of the business for CIE. There is 
absolutely no conflict with any of our product groups in India or the CIE product groups in 
Europe, so there is absolutely no conflict. 
Yash Gupta: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
My first taking a question on the net debt, which we have as of March. 
Moderator: 
Sir I am sorry to interrupt. Mr. Gandhi, but we would request you to please speak a bit close 
to the phone. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Jinesh we can hear you. You wanted net debt as of March? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes as of March? 
K Jayaprakash: 
As of March end, it is around the same number as of December end may be about Rs.50 
Crores lower, Rs.675 Crores. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
This will get reduced by Rs.850 Crores post April? 
K Jayaprakash: 
Yes with Aurangabad. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Secondly for the India business what would be the share of passenger vehicle in our 
revenues now? 
Vikas Sinha: 
After Aurangabad you are saying the share of passenger vehicles in our business. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right? 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Vikas Sinha: 
We have not made that calculation, so today without Aurangabad, we are roughly about 
50% in passenger vehicle plus UVs. Aurangabad is roughly today about 20% in passenger 
vehicles and UVs and this 20% is gradually increasing to about 30%. That is the idea for us, 
so if I can request you to make that bit of a calculation. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Sure I will do that and in passenger vehicles would it be fair to say large part of this 50% 
would be towards our diesel? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No. You are saying diesel vehicles or diesel engines? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Diesel vehicles? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Of course since M&M is our large customer, I think Bolero, Scorpio, XUV, and TUV these 
are our platforms on which we are there, but I understand where the line of questioning is 
going in terms of are we afraid of Maruti's decision with regard to that, but I think diesel 
will still be the dominant engine as far as the larger vehicles are concerned, so we see less 
of a challenge in that direction and most of the M&M vehicles fall in that category. I think 
it is more the smaller vehicles, which are getting affected for diesel. We also have some 
business with Maruti's diesel vehicles in the smaller category, but I think those will get 
replaced and we will have adequate presence even in their equivalent petrol models, so that 
should not be an issue, so this whole Maruti decision should not affect us, so much. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
The other question was also on M&M and Tata Motors diesel portfolio for us, do you see a 
challenge particularly post BS6 transition in the short to medium term having impact on our 
business as well because of cost inflation that you are looking at and revenues getting 
materially impacted in FY2021 because of that? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, as far as the cost inflation is there we know that there will be more cost inflation in 
diesel models vis-à-vis petrol models, so to that extent there will be some affect on demand 
and what we do believe is that for larger vehicles it will still remain diesel. The prices might 
go up, but it will still remain diesel, but the prices will go up and it might have some impact 
on the overall demand because of the total cost of ownership issues. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Understood and lastly the Stokes closure is on track for June 2019 right? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Yes, all these process has been done is smoothly and everything goes as planned. We make 
the transfer of certain production to Bill Forge in India and we are already producing here in 
India and fulfilling the pipeline. The assets now are availed and we will transfer. We will 
bring them to India also, so our idea is to use this presses for the further growth here in 
India so that the closure has been done and let us say according to the plan no major issues 
and no major issues with the customers or with the workers that we pay them the extra time 
they work and we finish their relation amicably we follow them. 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So the Euro revenues, which you have put in this quarter is without revenue from Stokes? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes it does not include Stokes. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
That light of the 14% growth is even more commendable given that the base would have 
Stokes revenues? 
K Jayaprakash: 
No. Both the base and the current we have removed it. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So that is in the current operations and so margins also, the EBITDA will also be on the 
like-to-like basis? 
K Jayaprakash: 
Yes. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Good afternoon and congratulations. Sir just again taking a little more on this Aurangabad 
Electricals how is the revenue split between HPDC and Gravity Die Casting? 
Vikas Sinha: 
85:15 as of now, but with GDC one is increasing because you know we have as we have 
talked about I think the GDC business is also expanding, but currently 85:15 and it will 
remain weighted in favor of HPDC. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Now with Gravity Die Casting I believe is mainly for export purpose is that correct? 
Vikas Sinha: 
I think there is some domestic business also there, so export at Aurangabad is roughly about 
8% to 9% so a large part of GDC business is for an export that is correct. 
Bharat Sheth: 
How do we see from a year with the CIE coming in, is there any room to improve the 
margin profitability from 11% and how much current utilization do they have? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: The utilization rate is quite high because the market has been rolling in the last year and last 
year as I told you they had a fantastic growth of 34% and they had to invest in order to cope 
with this demand, so we can say that they can be at 90% of utilization and 95%, and we 
plan to continue investing in the next year to increase this capacity and debottleneck the 
production, so this is clear and coming back to the margins that you mentioned yes these 
margins are below Mahindra CIE’s standards and we are already working with them in 
order to improve efficiencies, to improve productivity, and to be able to reach our 15% 
EBITDA where we are India at least. Then the European aluminum business is even more 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 12 of 21 
profitable than that so what we expect that we should get these Indian standard margins in 
Mahendra CIE in the next quarters. 
Bharat Sheth: 
In the next quarter itself? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Not next quarters let us say in one-year time. 
Bharat Sheth: 
The last quarter we opened up a new stamping facility world-class facility and we were 
looking to bring more customers on that so any color on that how it is ramping up and all? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: This facility is almost finished. We will be very close to make that final assistance and final 
audits for the customers, we have the audits for the customers plan by the end of June or 
beginning of July, so one of the new customers has already confirmed one of the orders and 
we have now in the last discussions, so we expect that in couple of months. We will have 
the company already running and with several new programs already allocated to the plant, 
so we have quite optimistic and I think that during the next two months we will have 
completed of the award what we call Kanhe2 plant. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And I understand that this plant so profitability of the Stamping division is better than the 
other division? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Yes, it depends on the volume of course, but of course what we have tried to launch in this 
new plant is completely the state of the art plant where we will produce with the much more 
efficiency and the minimal labour cost so as to try to have a very, very productive plant, so 
yes we expect to have a higher margins than the rest of the Stamping business. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Mr. Bharat just one thing, since we are talking AEL and we have been talking new 
customers, let us also emphasize that we are fully committed to our existing customers at 
AEL also, so anything that we do will be at absolutely no compromise on existing 
customers. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Thank you and wish you all the best. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gautami Desai from Chanakya Capital 
Services Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Gautami Desai: 
Ander our endeavor will be to increase the margins of our India business, but I was 
wondering that electricity cost and quality of labour, I think for which there is no long-term 
solution, so where else can the saving come from? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: It is a good question because it is a difficult question. Let us say that we are still far from 
our standards in Europe in terms of productivity, efficiency, and structural costs. So, I think 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 13 of 21 
that in the last years we saw we increased the margins mainly with the existing team and 
existing machinery so let us say that we just apply certain rules to improve the P&L and we 
got it. We are now preparing the next steps. We are working very hard in terms of 
automating the process. We are working very hard with TPM so the preventive system in 
our plants, we are working in the 5S programs where we will try to have the plants 
completely or the ramp up is completely efficient and let us say these are the key items to 
continue improving the system business. On top of that what we are doing is we are looking 
for a more complex and more added value components for our plants. We are trying to 
increase our value, we are adding to our products, adding machine in operations to our 
forgings, to our castings, we are doing these kind of things and we are adding also some 
more complex components that can give us higher as a value and higher margins. So, 
mainly those are the kind of functions that we have taken and I would say that some of them 
are in operative actions that we are implementing and we getting the results in other areas 
we are doing certain product renewals with more high value components that will give us a 
higher margins for the future, so let us say that we continue improving, we continue 
working, also the growth when it comes not now because the growth in India is not 
important in this moment or we are in the negative in this moment in the market, but when 
the growth comes again probably with the support of this growth we will have room to 
improve our margins also, so let us say that this is never ending story, we cannot stop. This 
is continuous improvement what we are trying to implement in our factories and yes, we are 
challenging the managers every week, every months and this our job as a manager, so my 
view is that we reached, I would quite acceptable level in this year, but we still have to 
room to improve and that is what we are trying to get. 
Gautami Desai: 
Vikas, I have one question for you is that can you explain market productions slide, which 
you have and particularly the quarter-on-quarter growth, what is your insights on that? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Which slide are you referring to Madam? 
Gautami Desai: 
I think the first page of the results. 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, we are talking about page 4. 
Gautami Desai: 
Yes, page 4. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Page 4, we also have an annexure where the market numbers are given in greater details 
segment wise, so if you look at page 4 MCI India number on the right side you have market 
update, in the bracket it says production, when we say production it means production 
number, you know like you have two kinds of numbers that would be available, the sales 
numbers, which the OEMs sell to their dealers and production numbers, which the OEM 
produces. The difference between the two leads to inventory and so on. For us production 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 14 of 21 
matters because we supply against production, so what we would give here are production 
number. 
Gautami Desai: 
So, then Vikas, if that tells me that the production numbers are better quarter-on-quarter, 
right than the year-on-year numbers? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, sequentially we are definitely better. 
Gautami Desai: 
How have you grown in tandem with that? 
Vikas Sinha: 
The sequential numbers you are saying, say for PV, UV, LCV and why our sequential 
numbers are not as good? 
Gautami Desai: 
Exactly. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Our sequential number is roughly about 5% in India and if you look at weighted average 
customer numbers it will be roughly around 10% to 11% something in that range, but lot of 
that is coming because of the new models that M&M has launched and these are smaller 
models, so compared to Bolero or Scorpio the outsourcing levels on those models are lower, 
so even though the number growth is there since they outsource is less and XUV3OO has 
lesser outsourcing than say Bolero or Scorpio, our content on a Bolero or Scorpio is much 
higher than in an XUV3OO, so that discrepancy is being caused by that, also the tractor 
numbers have come down, so what you are seeing, if you go to tractor number is minus 13 
if you look at that. Some of it is coming from there and the two-wheeler number, so yes, the 
PV, UV numbers that you are seeing they have grown, large part of it is because of the new 
model launches at M&M, which are smaller models compared to the larger models like 
Bolero or Scorpio, so there is some difference between the production growth rates in terms 
of units and our revenue growth rates. 
Gautami Desai: 
Just one more thing, you said in your commentary that the forecast would change for the 
industry, you are so close to the ground, so would you like to give us some insight while 
you are interacting with your customers, how they are placing the orders, what has been the 
change over the years especially this year compared to the year this for? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Let me answer that question with one positive and one negative statement. The positive 
statement is yes. Things are improving. The April, May things are little better. The negative 
thing that I would say is that most people in the market including customers are not willing 
to bet beyond two or three months and that is the reason why, whatever numbers that we are 
sourced from CRISIL, they might be liable to change that is the only caveat that we are 
putting there because right now it is difficult to look beyond two or three months that is the 
reason why, so when we make a forecast or an outlook for the market for the next six 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 15 of 21 
months, so there could be some changes there. You know that was the caveat that I had 
made at the initial part of the call. 
Gautami Desai: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematic Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Sir, couple of questions more it is slightly longer-term, if I look from last 5 year perspective 
post the between CIE and Mahindra Group, lot of changes have happened to the product 
mix, we have shut down few plants and you are added Bill Forge and now Aurangabad 
Electricals, so how does the next 5 years look like or what is the plan for next 5 years? Are 
we satisfied with the product mix and focus would be more on organic growth that is my 
first question? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Ronak, yes, of course whole lot of changes has happened after the CIE takeover of mines of 
CIE. What you have seen is essentially all that you talked about was in terms of plant 
closures or anything else first focused around profitability improvement, so we have closed 
down Jeco, we have closed down Stokes, those were least performing plants, let us put it 
that way that is the reason why they were closed. Of course, the two acquisitions Bill Forge 
and AEL both them were done to fill strategic gaps. Both Bill Forge and AEL increases our 
presence in the non-Mahindra space that we have always talked about diversifying our 
customer base, I think Bill Forge bought in two-wheelers, AEL also strengths our presence 
in two-wheelers and adds the Bajaj Auto perhaps the most profitable OEM in India, so to 
that extent from a customer diversification point of view, also Bill Forge brought us cold 
forgings, warm forgings, southern location, AEL is bringing in aluminum, our focus on 
aluminum, also the GDC bit that we talked about in an earlier question, so this was the 
acquisitions were both for growth as well as filling in strategic gaps. So going forward, of 
course wherever there is a gap to be filled we can look at inorganic options for sure. As we 
have always pointed out CIE’s philosophy is to grow both organically and inorganically 
depending on how we can fill those strategic gaps, so we will continue looking for both 
organic as well as inorganic growth, so that focus will not change. Of course, on an organic 
basis also we need add that we have added so many new customers after CIE has taken 
over, so we are talking about for example, Ashok Leyland and Stamping the ramping up of 
Renault, Kia, PSA, ZF in Forgings, so that focus area will always be there. In our business 
it is a truism, organic growth, it is an everyday job, so that is never going to change and in 
organic growth wherever there is an opportunity, wherever there is a strategic gap to be 
filled up company, which we feel will fit in to the CIE manufacturing philosophy we will 
look at it. If you have any further questions let us know. 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Ronak Sarda: 
Actually, what I wanted more to understand are there any gaps, like are you now looking to 
add something in plastics, which is something what CIE has globally and how does the 
balance sheet supports because we had one preferential capital raising already done, so 
slightly longer term, but that is what I wanted to understand whether there are any gaps, 
which you see in the portfolio today? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, of course, you know like plastic one area that we have always talked about that is one. 
Two, we have always said that we will bring in Brazil, China, Mexico, which will happen 
after this whole market situation settles down a bit, so that is a gap that we need to fill up, 
we have talked about that for long, so that is there. We have also said that for some of the 
more stronger passenger vehicle OEMs in India like Maruti, Hyundai, Toyota, Honda you 
know it sometimes easier to enter via the acquisitions mode so that will also be, as I said for 
example, two-wheeler business, we would not have built up such a large portfolio of the 
two-wheeler business if you have not made acquisitions, so if we get that kind of a 
opportunities to diversify our customer base, for sure, we will look at acquisitions. To you 
other question on how we will finance that, of course we will look at various options as you 
are very much aware we cannot take Indian debt, foreign debt is permissible, of course 
raising money is also there, bringing money from CIE that is also there, so there are various 
options, but we will cross bridge when we come to it, at this stage right now we are focused 
on the business as it exists today, but as I said, whenever we think we can fill up any of the 
gaps and something that fits into the CIE manufacturing philosophy we may look at it and 
we will look at the different financing options as we go along. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Second question is for Ander, you made a statement that post 2020-2023 diesel might 
become residual tick, I know for CIE we have always highlighted that our content is neutral 
to petrol or diesel, but we have seen a lot of company is highlighting that the content for 
them goes down when we shift from diesel to petrol, do we still maintain our statement for 
the European side? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Yes, I am seeing that this transition from diesel to gasoline that is happening now and it is 
happening, I would say they were from the last two or three years this transition started. In 
Europe, the diesel was about 54% of the market now it is approximately 30% and probably 
in a couple of years will be 10% and you can see that the CIE results and even our internal 
growth has been more than 20% in this year, so we are not affected because is to that we are 
processing components for diesel, but we have also the same components for the gasoline 
cars, so the gasoline cars volume are going up, we are reducing our diesel components, so 
we are not concerned especially in our forging division either Metalcastello that is 
commercial vehicles we are not affected by the diesel and what we see is that yes, in a 
couple of years the diesel will be only 10% in the European market more or less mainly for 
the diesel SUVs and small vans, and this kind of thing that they are making long ranches 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 17 of 21 
that need ranch because they are used for transportation and this kind of things, but not 
passenger will probably be residual. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Does this in anyway strengthen CIE global portfolio the shift from diesel to gasoline or 
there is no such benefit for CIE or Mahindra CIE? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: I would not say it has not strengthened in our position. I would say that it is quite neutral for 
us, of course when we realize then we would try to enter more in the gasoline engines than 
in diesel, so I would say that in certain ways we are benefitted by this movement because 
we have producing more crankshafts for gasoline than for diesel and now gasoline is the 
winning technology. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Goel from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Sir, my question was related to European CIE business in passenger vehicle business, how 
much business is coming diesel power, so basically diesel engine and powertrain? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: It can be something like 25%. 
Hitesh Goel: 
For in a particular model you are both in gasoline and diesel, so is you product like 
crankshafts and all engine agnostic, if there is a shift towards petrol, you get impacted or 
not that is what my question would be? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: Mr. Hitesh, we were in both technologies and can give you one example where we are 
producing crankshaft for the K9-engines that is the biggest diesel engine for Renault, we 
were producing crankshaft for them for this engine and at the same time we were producing 
for the H5 engine that is gasoline engine. Right now, the trend is that K9 engine crankshaft 
is going down significantly, but at the same time as Renault is transferring the production 
from K9 to H5, we are increasing our number production in H5, so finally this is becoming 
positive for us, so we are going down, but as we are also in that so the gasoline is growing 
we were all growing a little bit, so that is the one good example of how is this affecting us, I 
would say that this neutral or even I would say that this is becoming positive for our 
business in this moment. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Sir, any business you have won on the electric side on electric models? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: In electric models, in Europe we have, in Mahindra CIE, we are producing some 
components in forgings, in stainless steel forgings in Lithuania but the amount of this 
business is small. In this moment, we are not affected by this electric vehicle move. Let us 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 18 of 21 
say that the market share of this electric vehicle is approximately 1% or 1% to 2%, so the 
impact for us is residual in this moment. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Kale from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Thanks for taking my question. Couple questions, first housekeeping one, can you just help 
us with the PAT number FY2019 for a year? 
Vikas Sinha: 
AEL PAT for FY2019? 
Nikhil Kale: 
You have mentioned the EBITDA. You can just help us with the PAT number for 
Aurangabad Electricals for FY2019? 
K Jayaprakash: 
So, it is about Rs.300 million, so about 30 Crores. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Thank you. Just a question on the margin improvement seen at Aurangabad Electricals, so if 
I look at the historical numbers, the margins were around 8% and they have improved 
substantially from FY2018 onwards, so just wanted to understand what has driven that 
improvement and how much of it has been due to the strong growth that we have seen in 
Bajaj volumes? 
Vikas Sinha: 
To answer your question, Nikhil, of course increase in volumes have helped, but you have 
to see that during the same period there has been a diversification towards GDC, towards 
exports, which have helped them to increase the margins, so the GDC has become 15% and 
new plant has been set up for that purpose, most of the GDC is exports, so that also helps, 
so it is not just volumes alone, the diversification of product portfolio, customer portfolio 
has helped. Obviously, the strong Bajaj growth has been a contributory factor and the 
efficiency improvement that have gone along with some of these new plant additions, so 
new practices have been adopted, they have been disseminated across the older plants, so to 
that extent has also helped, so it not completely volume driven and in fact Ander has 
pointed out the current margins at Aurangabad Electricals can be improved through CIE 
best practice adoption. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Thank you. Just lastly on the capex, so I think you mentioned that for Aurangabad the 
utilization is at very high levels, so you might need to invest more, so just wanted to 
understand it there is any change in our capex plans that you have mentioned that capex 
would be around 5% of sales in the last quarter, so is there any change in a capex plans? 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Vikas Sinha: 
In an earlier question we have talked about, I will speak in Crores, I think the earlier plan 
for FY2019 was 140 Crores I think, but the actual was 110 Crores and we had earlier talked 
about 50 Crores to 60 Crores as the normal capex, so that 50 Crores to 60 Crores is 
increased by that 40 number, so this year also it would be in the same range of 100 Crores 
to 110 Crores that was there in FY2019 and then it will settle down at 5% to 6% of sales as 
we talked about. 
Nikhil Kale: 
And lastly just quickly any progress on the Kia talks that you had mentioned that you are in 
talks with them for orders in the other divisions as well, you had one order last quarter for 
the other divisions any progress in that? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Kia Foundry division I think there is start of production is going to happen in July or 
something like that and for other divisions we are still talking, we are in advance stage for 
example at one of the other divisions. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Gianani from Sharekhan. Please go 
ahead. 
Bharat Gianani: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Two questions, what is the gross debt level 
currently and how much impact it will have after we would include Aurangabad Electrical 
numbers? 
Vikas Sinha: 
As of March 31, 2019, the gross debt would have been closer to 1.4 and net debt was 7 
billion and Aurangabad should add about 9 to 9.5 billion to that. 
Bharat Gianani: 
I have joined the call a bit late so, what is the overall margin guidance that you have given 
for the consolidated operations for the next year? 
K Jayaprakash: 
We do not give any margin guidance.  
Vikas Sinha: 
We do not make any forward-looking statements on margins we have not made, but do you 
have anything specific in your mind regarding margins on a qualitative basis we will 
explain. 
Bharat Gianani: 
So, basically just something on the European operations because I think earlier there were 
some comment on the German margins, there was some scope of improvement, so just 
some light on that? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Of course this is something that we have talked about even in the past that in Europe we 
have three basic segments. We have car forgings, which are based out of Spain and 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Lithuania, which does the car crankshaft that we are talking about, that have very good 
margins roughly in the range of 18% to 19%. The second business there is the gears 
business in Italy Metalcastello, Caterpillar order that we were taking about was with respect 
to Metalcastello that is also margins in the range of 18% to 19%, while the third business, 
the truck forgings business, which is based out of Germany, I think the margins more in mid 
to high single digits, there the scope of improvement is there and I think we are constantly 
working towards that, the phase of improvement is slow, but it is slowly improving so that 
was the comment. 
Bharat Gianani: 
Fine, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidur Suri from Kitara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vidur Suri: 
One is just the clarification. I saw that in the presentation for AEL and we had acquired the 
company, we had stated a margin of 4.7% PAT, did the PAT come in lower that to about 40 
Crores, I just want to clarify that AEL PAT for FY2019 was 30 Crores? 
K Jayaprakash: 
Yes, it was 40 Crores, but I have just removed the exceptional item from there and on a 
sustainable basis that I have mentioned, so 30 Crores to 32 Crores is what it would be if you 
what to just normalize it for this year. 
Vidur Suri: 
My second question is actually around CIE plants, we have been talking about it over a 
couple of quarters as to bring here into MCIE, when are just the size and margin of this 
business and when do we plan to actually bring this in MCIE? 
Vikas Sinha: 
So, the ‘when’ question I can answer, as you said right now as there is lot of uncertainty in 
the market, etc., I think and also we have done acquisitions so we first want to focus on 
integration and settling down of the market situation and then we will focus our attention 
there, of course the counterview could be that we have talked about this for a long time and 
we are guilty of that, so to that extent unfortunately something or the other has been 
happening in the external environment, and that is the reason why we have pushed this back 
a little bit, so that answers the when question. As far as how big this is, I think it is about 
€150 million roughly in that range, so €160 million and very good CIE standard EBITDA 
levels. 
Vidur Suri: 
So, that would be around 16% to 17%? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, say roughly 15% and above, it keeps fluctuating here and there because volumes 
allover the world are fluctuating, but say 15% plus that range. 
Vidur Suri: 
Thank you. 

 
          
Mahindra CIE Limited 
May 07, 2019 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On 
behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This statement has been edited to ensure quality 
