Date: 6th June, 2019 
To, 
The Manager 
Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001. 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
The Manager 
Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1 , 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051. 
Re: 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited. Script Code & ID: 534369/ TBZ 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors I Analysts on 
Thursday, 16th May, 2019 at 4.30 p.m (1ST). A copy of transcript of conference call 
held with the Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also been 
put up on the Company's Website at www.tbztheoriginal.com. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record . 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
~ · 
Niraj Oza 
Head - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
RIB II \AS 4 fiiiMJI/ \\ Ul l 
I 
Cl"' No . L27205MH2007PLC172598 
Regd OffiCe 241!43.loverl8ozor. MurT'tJo • dQO 002 Te 
~91 22 3956 500' 9' n 40465001 Fox 
~9 22 3956 5056 
l'lh Floor Wesr Wing Tvlslorl Chof'l"'bers rrc€\ Press Journal Rood '.ortmon Polnl Mul""'tX'H 
110ll 1 
Tel 
122 .30735rlC'O. 91 22 492">"()00 
Fox 022 30/.;~50d8 mtw +i:'ztt-oong rol col"" 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
Q4 FY 2019 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 16, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good Evening, Ladies and Gentlemen, I am Tanvi, moderator for this conference. Welcome 
to the Q4 FY 2019 Earnings Conference Call of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited organized 
by Dickenson IR. At this moment, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will 
conduct a Question-and-Answer Session, at that time if you have a question please press “” 
and “1” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Nilesh Dalvi. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Nilesh Dalvi: 
Thank you, Tanvi. Good Evening, everyone. Let me welcome you all to the Earnings Call of 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited for the Fourth Quarter and Full Financial Year 2018 - 
2019.  
 
Today, we have with us management represented by Ms. Binaisha Zaveri -- Wholetime 
Director; and Mr. Saurav Banerjee -- Chief Financial Officer.  
Before we get started, I would like to remind you that our remarks today might include 
forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those 
contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Any statements we make on this call 
today are based on our assumptions as of day and we undertake no obligation to update 
these statements as a result of new information or future events.  
I would now invite Ms. Binaisha to make her opening remarks. Thank you.  
Binaisha Zaveri: 
Good Evening, everyone. I would like to welcome you all to the Earnings Call Tribhovandas 
Bhimji Zaveri Limited for the fourth quarter and full financial year 2018 - 2019.  
The financial year 2018 - 2019 has been an eventful year for TBZ, as we expanded our 
presence and enter into key jewelry markets with our made-in stores in Noida, Ludhiana, 
Bengaluru, and Lucknow.  
Traditionally these cities have been large jewelry markets and we have opened our own 
large format stores to cater to the diverse consumer demand in the city.  
Further, these stores will also aid a hub-and-spoke model as we plan to add new stores in 
the nearby emerging Tier-I and Tier-II markets.  
Overall, we added five new stores last year taking our total store count to 42 stores with a 
retail area of 1,23,219 square feet spread across 30 cities and 14 states may making TBZ - 
The Original a truly national jewelry brands. We remain committed to meeting my 
expansion targets of 1,50,000 square feet of retail area over the coming two years and 
further penetrate our current markets while entering new markets with high potential.  

 
Page 2 of 13 
Coming to our fourth quarter performance, we witness a decline in sales on a year-on-year 
business primarily due to no contribution into Q4 from Gudi Padwa Festival, which occurred 
in April 2019 compared to March 2018.  
Last year in the fourth quarter, we would also receive higher redemptions under the KP 
scheme compared to this year. Lower sales elevated operating and finance cost due to new 
store additions in the second-half of the year led to lower profitability. We are confident to 
perform better in the coming year as we see improved customer attraction in all our stores. 
While we know that the new stores added last year will take the usual time to mature, since 
we saw our presence in larger jewelry market. We are hopeful of making meaningful 
contributions to our sales in the coming year.  
With our continued efforts to strengthen TBZ brand recall and presence, we have been 
consistently investing in marketing activities. Recently we appointed Sara Ali Khan as TBZ’s 
new brand ambassador. Sara Ali Khan will feature on several brand campaign endorsing TBZ 
original across India. We recently launched Sitara, an affordable jewelry collection range 
with Sara Ali Khan catering to today’s modern women.  
We have also launched Pretty Little Thing, a contemporary diamond jewelry collection for 
the millennial. Both of them receiving good response from customers.  
The new financial year has begun on a positive note, with highly consumer demand in the 
month of April and May. With the continuing new store additions and marketing initiatives, 
we are confident of delivering and improved financial performance over the coming year.  
Our major focuses will be on robust sales growth and keeping our operating expenses under 
strict controls.  
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Saurav Banerjee for a quick Q&A 
Session. Thank you.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Good Evening, everybody. We can begin the Q&A Session now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin with the Question-and-Answer Session. If you have 
questions please enter “*” and “1” on your touchtone telephone and wait for your turn to 
ask questions. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing “*” 
and “2”. Participants you may enter “*” and “1” to ask a question. we will wait for question 
queue to assemble. We have first question from the line of Prasad Hajariwala, he is an 
individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
So you have mentioned the reasons for lowest revenue,is no contribution from Gudi Padwa 
this year and it is falling in April I just want to know how much sale we generate on a single 
of Gudi Padwa ?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yeah, I shall let you know, Gudi Padwa this year on a single day, we have done about Rs. 15 
crores of sale.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
Last year, how much it was?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Last year it was a slightly lower number of around Rs. 13 crores.  

 
Page 3 of 13 
Prasad Hajariwala: 
We have a sales of around Rs. 30 crores, Another thing is we have added almost four stores 
since last year from April 2018 to January 2019, and we expanded 10,000 more square feet 
available for the sale . So according to me Gudi Padwa reason, Is not valid . 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I am not sure if you are referring to the same store sales growth or not. But in case you are 
then the same store sales growth is defined as the existing earlier stores that we have had 
and without taking into consideration the new stores and the Gudi Padwa amount or 
reference is in connection with that. So when we compare apple-to-apple on a same store 
sales growth basis, if we were to you know, take a reference of the Gudi Padwa and do the 
necessary adjustments then actually from FY 2018 to FY 2019 there is a growth of 2.5% 
approximately on the same store sales growth. So what we are referring to…  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
Do you have any franchise sale in last year in this quarter?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, franchise stores are part of our stores, I mean, they are just franchise but overall they 
are part of our stores, no franchise stores have been added.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
So that is what I am asking that because we had a difference of Rs. 30 crores of sales, or 
difference from last year to this quarter,  I am taking out this Rs. 15 crores out of this Gudi 
Padwa…  
Saurav Banerjee: 
The last quarter to this quarter difference is Rs. 15 crores as far as I remember and know. 
Last year we had Rs. 433 crores, this year we have done Rs. 415 crores. So it is about Rs. 17 
crores - Rs. 18 crores. 
Prasad Hajariwala: 
Let us take out Rs. 15 crores sales of Gudi Padwa, So the number should at least match last 
year’s revenue which increased our retail square foots,  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Ye, so that is what we have said that there is impact of Gudi Padwa and also we talked about 
KP sales having been matured at that time. And these are the two reasons for which the 
sales to be lower. At the same time, we have also mentioned that same store sales growth 
has actually been higher by 2.5% which I just now described. So, when we are talking about 
store sales then we are referring to these two factors. If you are talking about company level 
sales, then there is a corporate sale which also is included, which is also a part of the total 
overall revenue. However, the corporate sales are dependent on orders which are placed 
with the company. Hence, there is no consistency that can be maintained. So since, they are 
order defined, it is likely to vary from time-to-time.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
Right. So is there any corporate sale incurred last year quarter?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, every year there are corporate sales, in every quarter there are corporate sales, but as 
I said, they are not consistent, they are not like store sales because you do not have 
customer walking in, they are purely based on specific corporate orders that we may or may 
not receive.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
Okay. So on an average what kind of quantum per year?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
It can range from anything between Rs. 70 crores to Rs. 100 crores.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
Okay.  corporate sale means I did not understand to where we are selling it like a wholesale 
client?  

 
Page 4 of 13 
Saurav Banerjee: 
 Yes, we sell to corporates who place orders with us for gold coins and various similar 
products. They buy from us in bulk.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
Okay. All right. And last year you see very much focused on franchise, opening franchises, 
Which we have not seen any new franchise store has been open, What is your take on it?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, the reason is that, as far as the focus is concerned and the intention that is fully there. 
However, if you look at the cities that wherein, we have opened a store and as we just 
mentioned, that the company thought it more prudent to open own stores in these cities. 
Most of them are absolutely brand new markets for us for example, be it Noida or Bengaluru 
(Bangalore) or Ludhiana or Lucknow, these are brand new markets for TBZ, brand new 
regions for TBZ and hence, it was thought prudent and right to open company owned stores 
initially. Later on, when we add more stores in the same region or the same state or nearby 
area, then those stores can be franchise stores or may not be but for those stores, the 
franchise stores will be more apt. So, the hub-and-spoke model will work fine and a 
franchise stores will get the support of a large flagship kind of store which the company has 
already opened in these new markets. So it was a clear strategy and that is why it was done 
that way.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
So this year we will see more franchise stores,? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
We are likely to yes, we are likely to add more stores which will be a mix of franchise and 
company stores.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
So is there any target for revenue generation of at least upto two years what kind of revenue 
we can see. We are currently negative 1,600 to 1,800 in past 5 years, right. So there is no 
uptick in the same. Is there any target to improve the sales to more than Rs. 2,000 crores in 
next two years. Is there any internal target for the same? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
No, certainly the company is driving for the goal and we are likely to achieve. So if we were 
to look at from a square feet point of view, there also is a target that we would like to reach 
around 150,000 square feet. In terms of revenue growth, if you were to ask me then most 
certainly we are looking at a minimum of 20% growth in this year and if we were to add new 
stores, then the contribution of those stores is also coming.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
So in the FY 2020, we can see 20% of growth in revenue?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Sorry, can you please repeat?  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
In FY 2020 we can see 20% growth in revenue?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
In this financial year, I am talking about this current financial year.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
So FY 2020, right? That is what I am asking. FY 2020, right?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
So we can see 15% to 25% or 20% plus? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
If you look at a range it can be 15% to 20%. But I think, we would be quite happy with 20%. 
But yes, I mean as a range 15% to 20%.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
Okay. Another question, how much is our advertisement cost last year?  

 
Page 5 of 13 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Advertising cost is more or less in line with what happened last year. In terms of actual 
numbers it will be around Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 45 crores of advertising costs. Very similar 
advertising costs were incurred last year too. So we have kept it at the same level.  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
And what about further plan like FY 2020 - FY 2021, will there be any increase into this cost 
or we are going to be in this range probably? 
Saurav Banerjee:                For current year, yes, we do have a budget for advertising and the manner in which we 
would like to spend it. Basically, the media vehicles that we prefer to spend it on. So there 
is definitely a budget. As a thumb rule, we have always said that is around 2% of the top-
line. But again, as we all know, that it is more of a variable cost. And it depends on the 
market conditions, on the strategies that the company adopts. also the need of a particular 
specific time period, where in a certain kind of advertising or marketing campaign needs to 
be done. So because of these reasons, there is no fixed cost attached to it. And it is 
something which is more of a variable kind of cost  
Prasad Hajariwala: 
There must be a range. Is the range is between 45,000 to 55,000? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Approximately in that region.  
Moderator:: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohith Potti from Marshmallow. 
Please go ahead.                                    
Rohith Potti: 
So sir you have given it in the presentation itself that we have tripled our store size over the 
last 6 years, I believe. But over the same time period, it looks like the gulf between us and 
the market leader has just increased. Where do you think strategically and operationally the 
leader is ahead of us? And what do you think we need to do? So, I understand that we are 
doing the front as a hub-and-spoke model and we are increasing our store size, etc. But 
there is some difference if we are able to clock such tremendous growth in numbers while 
we have not been able to so far, could you…?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, so, I will, probably restrict my discussion to what we are planning and what we are 
doing, while I am aware of what the market leader is doing but, you know, you will 
appreciate that I will not be able to comment much on that. But yes, as far as we are 
concerned we are completely focused on increasing the footfall. The customers that that 
walk into the store so the walk ins or footfalls as we call it and that is the basis of generation 
of revenue. We are focused on that we are doing whatever it takes in terms of 
communication with the customers, clear communication, not ambiguous communication, 
whether it is a tactical offer, or it is about our brand, or about our product or about our 
collection. That is what is the strategy, to communicate clearly to invite customers from all 
walks of life, a complete range of products to suit every pocket, not necessarily only the 
high ticket ones, but the low ticket everyday wear kind of jewelry and also the full range 
right up to the weddings, weddings collections that we have had all the time. We are 
communicating with customers who have been to TBZ loyal, communicating with customers 
who would like to you know, try out TBZ as a brand and also the uninitiated customers who 
are the first timers making a serious jewelry purchase. So, in this context, about we have 
also observed that once we are able to do that which we are doing then the conversion 
factor has always been a quite a strong point. So the selling skills of our frontline staff is 
adequate enough and expert enough to do a nice good conversion, we have a very high 
percentage, about 70% to 80% conversion ratio and which should give us the right kind of 
growth in terms of top-line. So I think that is, that is the focus area clearly, in terms of 
products also, as I said that we are focusing on the entire range, we do not want to be 
restricted to a particular category or to a particular region. That is why we have added new 
stores in new regions where we were hitherto not present. I would say a strategy to ensure 

 
Page 6 of 13 
that there is growth. We are adding stores which you can clearly see which should help us 
to increase the revenue numbers and also add number of customers who walk into the 
store. So I think these are the measures the right kind of inventory mix. Focus on ensuring 
that gold and diamond are both easily available greater focus maybe on diamond affordable 
diamond range of jewelry that we have introduced, various new collections that we have 
introduced recently. So all these measures have been taken to ensure that there is steady 
and more, I would say dynamic growth in terms of as far as TBZ is concerned.  
Rohith Potti: 
Thank you for the answer, I have been following the business for the last two years - three 
years. We have been increasing the store count for quite a long time right now. But the 
revenue growth has not come so far. And on the expansion bid two questions, do you think 
is it reasonable to pause on the growth and focus on optimizing the stores that you have 
already set-up, number one on the store front. And second one, rather than go to locations 
where you have no presence, is it reasonable, using the capital to establish the hub-and-
spoke model in the existing locations where you already have strong presence, which would 
provide brand awareness, provide more cash flows, which you can then take to new 
locations?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, I have understood your point. So to answer the first one, if you look at over a larger 
horizon of four to five years, then I would say that we have been steady in increasing the 
store count. I would not say that we have been hurried into a store count or we have just 
added stores left, right, center. You will clearly observe that there is a very steady increase 
in number of stores. And it is only in this year if I may recall that we have added five new 
stores one after the other, which we thought was necessary to increase our footprint in the 
domestic market which promises a lot. The areas where we have gone, we are confident 
that we will be able to do well. Initially yes, every store takes whatever little bit of time to 
settle down. Even if we open new stores in markets where we are completely, well versed 
and present, it will still take a little bit of time for a new store to really settle down. So, for 
example, we have opened a new store in Pune, Pune is an existing market for us. We already 
had two stores in Pune. But the city has expanded beyond its original limits and it was found 
necessary to add a third store. So it is not that we are only looking at virgin markets from 
TBZ’s point of view, we are also looking at markets where we are clearly present and there 
are opportunities there and we have that into consideration, you will find that we shall 
certainly be opening you know, few stores in, in markets in the western region or in the 
eastern region where we already have a few stores. So, so that is one. Secondly, we have 
observed from our experience, that hub-and-spoke model works well. And it also enables 
the franchise stores to be considered more positively. If we have a larger store, which is run 
by the company. The franchisees themselves prefer that if there is a larger flagship kind of 
store, it becomes easier for them to operate, so that I would say a better attraction from 
their point of view also. Sorry, what was your second question? If you can just…  
Rohith Potti: 
So my second question was, if you basically leverage….  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, I think you were talking about consolidation of the existing stores…  
Rohith Potti: 
Yes. So the growth in existing market? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, absolutely. The point is well taken and it is already happening. So, the growth as I said, 
there are two ways to look at it. And that is what I was briefly explaining, same sales growth 
is a very good indicator. I am not saying that we have done exceptionally well on that front 
but at the same time, that is a very important focus area. So same store sales growth with 
will continuously ensure that we consolidate the markets wherein we are present, generate 
better cash flows, which can be used for further expansion. At the same time, it is important 
that one add new stores as I said that the domestic Indian market has a lot more to offer. 

 
Page 7 of 13 
With the development of the Tier-II - Tier-III cities with the culture that prevails nowadays 
within the younger generation, the socio economic structure, we find that we can easily add 
new customers, aspirational players who are looking at big brands or you know well known 
brands  will prefer to move away from  mom and pop stores and become customers for the 
branded products. So I think that advantage should not be lost and that needs to be tapped 
and that is what we are aiming to do.  
Rohith Potti: 
Okay, thank you. I understand what you mentioned so the reason I would like to hear your 
opinion on this particular point. from my understanding, the supplier in the south is doing 
quite well because he focused on one particular area where the brand is very well known. 
And because of stores are so close to each other the inventory which are slow moving can 
be transferred to the stores from where they can go. So, the brand travels better in the 
region where you are probably originating plus it allows for better inventory management 
leading to higher cash flows which probably then gives the used to slowly expand your 
existing geography with for TBZ in Maharashtra. So I mean in the next leg of growth that is 
coming, is the plan to grow in virgin geographies as you said, the problem with virgin 
geographies like Ludhiana and Bengaluru (Bangalore) and probably other geographies 
around Ludhiana, but if there is some jewelry which is not selling in Ludhiana, the logistic 
costs of taking it back and putting it another place and probably the jewelry might not travel 
to another state because the design is local to one place, all that creates, basically blocks 
the capital, which can be used in future. So, is the next leg of growth going to come in again 
in your virgin geographies or is it going to come in the existing hub stores that you had set 
up and basically spokes to that you are going to setup around.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Okay. So, yes, again I understand your point and it is a valid thing. What I would like to say 
is that yes, as far as adding more stores in the near future, we are already looking at areas 
where we are present. We are looking at,the greater part of Mumbai for example, 
Ahmedabad, (Kolkata) Calcutta these are all existing markets for us. Another one is 
Hyderabad. So, these are clearly existing markets for us where we think that we can add 
stores. At the same time, we will definitely continue to look at other areas, other markets, 
who have the necessary potential and you know, there is a point where certain things need 
to begin. So, when I open a store in Bengaluru (Bangalore) whether I open in this year or 
next year or 10 years down the line, it will be the first time for us. So there is always the first 
time and that needs to happen, every company with due respect, have their own strategies. 
If you look at TBZ, in a way, it is a regional player as well as a national player. So if you look 
at Maharashtra Gujarat, we are very-very regional and we have a fair number of stores in 
these two states, which is comparable to maybe you know, the company that you 
mentioned from south. At the same time, we are also a national player, like some of the 
other players who are doing very well on the national front. So right balance needs to be 
maintained and as I said, it is a business strategy. It is left to the companies, some companies 
saying that it is adequate enough to concentrate on a particular region and do well. In terms 
of logistics, it is a miniscule cost. And nowadays, as you know, it does not take too much 
time to move, you know, products or goods from one city to another. We also have regional 
hubs. And we also have, our supply chain manager from regional places, regional cities. So 
it is not necessary that everything needs to compulsorily come back to Mumbai or some 
such city, we can do it locally as well. So, I think you know, we are fairly conscious of this 
thing. And we are ensuring that time is not too much lost in, in transit as you were probably 
you know understanding.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Mundra from My Temple Capital. Please go 
ahead.                       
Anand Mundra: 
I wanted to basically understand how does our franchise model work like that we guarantee 
our franchise partners, how much ROE do they make or what is the margins that they get? 
Is the inventory from them? What is the breakeven time which we promise to them?  

 
Page 8 of 13 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Okay, Mr. Anand and I will very briefly touch upon, you will appreciate we have spoken 
about this in the past and we are very happy to discuss it, you know maybe offline once 
again whenever you have the time most welcome. Very-very quickly. franchise model is an 
asset light model, which means that the inventory is completely purchased in advance 
through an advanced payment mode by the franchisees or investment in inventory and 50% 
of the CAPEX is done by the franchisee; 50% of the CAPEX is done by the company. 
Franchisee operates on a margin sharing model. So, whatever is the overall margin, it is a 
shared in a particular ratio with the franchise. All operating expenses, accepting advertising 
and marketing are catered to buy the franchisee for example, manpower cost or any other, 
admin, electricity, rent, etc. etc. advertising marketing being a corporate kind of overall 
national costs is owned by the company. All other costs are owned by the franchise. So, in 
brief that is how the franchise operates.  
Anand Mundra: 
How much do they make on their equity what is their return on equity and I mean, how 
much is their breakeven time to become profitable?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Okay. So, in terms of the store profile, it is absolutely same as any other stores. So a 
company owned store and a franchise owned store profile wise, in terms of time, a gestation 
time, breakeven time, is exactly the same. No change from a customer’s experience point 
of view absolutely the same, décor, everything else is the same. So other details as I said 
you know I would be happy to share when we meet or maybe on some other day, I just want 
to touch upon because this is a franchisee model. We have actually discussed many times 
and we will be happy to do that again you would appreciate if we can do it on another day.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ibrahim Iqbal, individual investor. Please go 
ahead.                                    
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
I wanted to know the inventory breakup between gold and diamonds in value and also 
volume, how many karats of diamond and the kilo tons of gold? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I can give you percentage break-up, I can share that with you. So let us say if the percentage 
break up will be about 60% - 40% kind of breakup, but you will appreciate that inventory is 
something which is movable, which does not stay at one place. So, depending on a particular 
season, a festival or the preference of a particular market, inventory levels will keep on 
changing within itself. So sometimes the diamond inventory may move up a little bit, gold 
inventory may move up at another time. But on an overall thumb rule kind of broad base, it 
is around 60 - 40 ratio.  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
60 is your gold?  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
60 in terms of value is your gold inventory?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Gold and 40 diamond. As I said it can be seen by 65 - 35; it can be 55 - 45 as the case may 
be depending on the time of the year.  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
Sir, how do you value the diamond inventory?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
The diamond inventory is valued on specific cost and weighted average. So if it is a jewelry 
than its specific cost, if we lose diamond it is weighted average. Gold also is weighted 
average.  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
Weighted average, okay. Second is on your ad expenses. So, this year, you have spend close 
to 2.2% of the top-line rate on ads, right, which is close to Rs. 40 crores  So, I just wanted to 

 
Page 9 of 13 
understand what all mediums do you employ in terms of allocating this sum to 
advertisements, where all due is pending.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, understand. So the media spending that we normally use most print and outdoor, we 
also use TV quite a bit as and when we think that it is required for example, last year we 
have done TV but this year, maybe we will not do that much of TV so. So it depends on 
again, you know, what we think is the best media vehicle for that particular campaign or for 
that particular time period. But in terms of space, yes, used print, which is one of the major 
media vehicles that we use, outdoor again is a major one. We use TV very specifically from 
time to time. We use radio for the surround effect all through the year. And we use the 
internet to a certain extent and we do a lot of BTL activities, which are very specific to 
customer basis or groups of customers. So that also is part of our marketing campaign. So 
very recently we have…  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
Okay. In terms of value how much did you spend on print and TV in this year?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Print and outdoor will be the largest percentage I do not have the exact number right now. 
But you can say that the larger percentages will be print followed by outdoor followed by 
TV when we use it, of course, it is a very expensive medium and then radio and the rest of 
it more or less in that order.  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
Okay. And sir, this year, what are you planning to spend on and advertisements?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, you know, one thing that I would like to mention Is that we have brought Sara Ali Khan 
on board for our campaign very recently and we have signed her for campaign for TBZ for 
some collections and also for very specific advertising campaigns for collections like Sitara 
and various other collections that we have launched. It is a brand building as well as 
collection oriented steps that we have taken. And we are very hopeful that with her coming 
on board and representing TBZ, we think that it will do a world of good in terms of the 
marketing campaigns and the message that goes out to the customers and the connect that 
there is with this celebrity.  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
Okay. Sir, this year you mentioned you open five new stores, right? So I just wanted to know 
if they are your company owned stores or they are franchise ? The break up between 
company and franchise?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
All of them are company on stores, the five stores that we have opened are all company 
owned stores.  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
And sir, what does the CAPEX for these five stores?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Per store CAPEX will be around Rs. 1 crores to Rs. 1.5 crores approximately on an average. 
Depending on the size of the store again, it is completely dependent on size. So if it is a large 
format store, it is about Rs. 1.5 crores may go up to Rs. 2 crores and if it is a small format 
store, then around Rs. 1 crores - Rs. 1.2 crores something like that.  
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
Okay. And sir, what is the payback period which you have internal target for these five 
stores, in general what is your payback periods in terms of targets?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
You know I would say that in terms of breakeven, cash breakeven is around, nine months to 
one-year time and then onwards, we look at a store. A store maturity, generally takes about 
3 years, 2.5 years to 3 years’ time.  

 
Page 10 of 13 
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
And sir, how do you define maturity, sir?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Maturity when it starts performing to its optimum capacity? That is what I would say that is 
how we would define a store which is completely mature and settled down. 
Ibrahim Iqbal: 
Do you have a target like inventory turns? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
We have an inventory turn. So in terms of gold we have an inventory turn of around 3; then 
in turns of diamond over 1; and if you look at blended turn around 2. So these are the turns 
that the company looks at.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from BP Equities. Please go 
ahead.                                    
Abhishek Jain: 
Actually, I have joined late, so if you have answered, you can repeat. Sir, one thing I want to 
understand is basically what should be the driver for a company like us to go ahead because 
when we see our competitors are growing by 20% - 25% - 15% jewelry growth. And we are 
just kind of flat kind of taking in terms of SSG also. How you see going forward our strategy 
should be the kind of brand we are having and how we are going to leverage to attract 
young customers? Because what I see low-end jewelry we are still struggling. And second, 
sir, what is the online platform? And third thing, we have been associated with one of the 
movies So, what is it a one-time cost and it is going to come in Q1 or it was there in Q4?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
So the first thing is that actually I spoken about it but I will quickly repeat. The focus is on 
growing the customer base through the process of walk in generation. So basically the 
communication from the advertising, marketing strategy through which we communicate 
to the customers to come to the store. One is that the TBZ the brand itself is very strong 
brand. Second is that the design differentiation that we offer, which is in comparison to the 
other competitors. The third is obviously the trust they can put on a brand like TBZ which is, 
which is having a great legacy. The fourth is that the range of products to suit every pocket, 
whether it is somebody who has just started earning or just started doing some kind of job 
or somebody who is well settled in life or somebody who is buying something for their next 
generation. So it is for all generations, the age group can begin from say 20 odd and go up 
to whichever age one can think of. So I think full range no ambiguous statements, direct 
communication be it an offer, be it a collection, be it promise and direct communication to 
customers. What we say is what we offer that is that is the motto. walk into the store, like 
a product, buy it and go home. And I think that is what works. That is what we are focusing 
on. You have already seen that we are adding stores so the geographical growth will come 
from that, new markets will come from that. We have tried out several things to attract the 
younger generation . For example, we have introduced products  collections like Pretty Little 
Things, we have talked about affordable diamond jewelry, We have talked about Sara Ali 
Khan, who has come on board, who represents the new generation. We have talked about 
having mall stores which are primarily having, small ticket daily wear diamond item. So it is 
focusing on the impulsive purchase. So I think, we are doing various things to attract the 
younger generation, keeping in mind that our strength, our inherent strength of wedding 
collections also. So we are not losing focus on that. That is how I think we will be able to 
grow further from where we are today. In terms of specific you had asked about movie, yes, 
there was a tie up with movie called Kalank, which was very recently released. The cost of 
which was incurred for the tie-up has already been spent and has been accounted for in the 
year gone by in the last financial year.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. One more thing, sir, what we are doing to increase our online presence or are we 
doing something because when we see our competitor, they are doing CaratLane and other 
things right now? what is our status? And second sir, and I have understood your thing, I am 

 
Page 11 of 13 
just trying to understand what can be the key driver which can attract the younger 
generation to our brand because in the legacy, we have very good clientele. Because now 
what I see is basically the young generation who is going to have the easy diamond low-
ticket item and here the brand recognition or maybe like you need to have some kind of 
trust so what you are doing which makes young generation enter into your store right now?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes. So it is basically communication, we need to communicate which is what we are doing, 
unless we communicate we will not be able to reach out to the younger generation which 
is what we are doing, whether it is through the advertising marketing platform or through 
the kind of products that we are offering or through the price points that we are offering 
today, through the collections we are offering today through the representation that we 
have now on board in terms of young celebrity likes our Sara Ali Khan. I think, these are all 
very clear indicators where we as a company or as a brand, we are reaching out to younger 
customers. You talked about online presence, we are present online although that is not a 
very huge or very significant area of revenue generation for us. But we are present on the 
marketplace online platforms. And we do sell range of products from there. We may wish 
to enhance our presence in the near future. CaratLane, I am not sure because they are now 
opening brick and mortar stores. So, I do not know what indications they are giving but 
whatever it may be there strategy. That is up to them.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Abhishek Jain from BP Equities. Please go 
ahead.                                    
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, just a last question, what will be our long-term margin? Right now, our gross margins 
are around 14% and EBITDA margin is around 4%. How you manage envisage in longer 
period of time, what should be the sustainable EBITDA margin going forward? Second thing, 
when we see the diamond as a percentage of jewelry has reduce on Y-o-Y basis, which is I 
believe we have impacted some kind of rough margin. So what should be share of diamond 
jewelry going forward, what you see going forward? And SSG growth, how to bring back 
SSG growth?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, so SSG growth actually I touched upon in fair amount of detail. But I will answer the GP 
margin and EBITDA question first. In terms of sustainable margin gross profits angles, yes, 
currently we are at 14 odd and I think we are looking at 15 plus to begin with, you know one 
at a time. So, I would not say 17 - 18 and all that. I would say that the first step for us is to 
be at say around 15.5 or so, and if we can do that will itself make a very huge significant 
difference. And then we can look at strategies to move on from there towards 16% - 17%. 
Similarly, once the GP margin moves to those percentages, the EBITDA margins is are also 
likely to shift primarily because most of the operating expenses are fixed in nature accepting 
the marketing advertising costs. So we will probably be looking at 5.5 odd percent in EBITDA. 
And we will be probably aiming at 6% but to begin with again 5.5% is what we are looking 
at. In terms of I think these as far as margins are concerned, I would like to say this and what 
else was your question? Yes, diamond. So yes, we have also observed that, yes, the product 
mix between gold and diamond has been slightly skewed towards gold. But again, you know, 
it is a market thing. It is not that, we consciously move towards gold or something like that 
we have had a fair amount of diamond sales. In terms of percentage, I would say we have 
had 76 - 24; 75 - 25 kind of percentages for a fairly long period of time in the recent past. 
But very recently, we have seen that there is a shift, maybe because of certain reasons, 
customers sometimes, you know, buy things which suits their tastes and preferences. It is 
not a permanent thing. It is a moving thing. And it is a temporary thing. It just happens that 
way, there are markets which prefer gold and maybe those markets have been much more 
active than markets where diamond. were generally active in the early years. So, it is a short-
term phenomenon and I think it will again start moving it keeps on moving that way. So, I 
would not suggest that we look at you know from a product mix point of view would not 

 
Page 12 of 13 
suggest to look at a quarterly kind of a number or we should look at a more yearly and 
longer-term number.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Two more questions. Sir, how much time will it take each as we have added five new stores 
in FY 2019. How much time will take one store to get into breakeven? Second…  
Saurav Banerjee: 
So as I said is about 8 months to 12 months in that range.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And second, how much is the consumer spending going on in the present cities we 
are doing right now and how the recent Gudi Padwa and Akshaya Tritiya sales were there?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes. So, in both, the festivities, I think the visitors are quite well Akshaya Tritiya. Very 
particularly we have demonstrated almost 30% growth from last year. So it is very 
heartening. In that sense both the festivals have gone well for most particularly Akshaya 
Tritiya which is a more national kind of festival day, so that did well and that is a good 
beginning for the new financial year.  
Abhishek Jain:                     How is the consumer behavior right now? are people spending ? 
Saurav Banerjee                  I think, again,  if we look at very short-term time trends then it is very difficult to say if you 
look at Akshaya Tritiya,  we have sold more than Rs. 50 crores on a single day. So, again, if 
we look at those numbers, then I suppose the consumers are really spending.  you can see 
across the industry, there are large buying which is happening. I have just now shared a 
fairly, important number with you. So, yes, the spends are happening. But one cannot say 
that every 12 months the spends will be same,  
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, one more question, sir, the finance cost has increased this year right now from 7.9% 
from 7.1%, what should be the sustainable finance costs going forward, sir?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
This year, as we have already spoken, we have added several stores and naturally the 
investment in inventory has to come out from somewhere and two avenues are either we 
carve out from our own existing inventory or we fall back on the on the limits that we have 
and then we utilize this. So, utilization of limits has been higher for a longer period of time. 
That coupled with slightly higher interest rates, which we have had to bear has led to a 
higher finance costs this year. In terms of cost of debt, blended cost of debt, I think has also 
gone up from around 7.1 earlier to about 7.8 - 7.9, so which is which is a good jump. In terms 
of actual numbers I think it is about Rs. 7 crores increase for the full year. So, this will of 
course start coming down once the store starts stabilizing and the cash flow start getting 
better generated, faster generated from these stores. Definitely the finance costs should 
start coming down to a certain extent.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jagwani from SKS Capital. Please go 
ahead.                                    
Rahul Jagwani: 
Yes. Sir, I just want to check where are these higher salaries payable to promoters. I mean, 
last year, we have got some resolution. I just wanted clarification on that.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, so as I have explained earlier last year and later also that these are just enabling 
resolution and they are dependent on certain percentage or certain levels of profitability. 
So they will be enabled only when those profitability are reached. Once again, I repeat that 
we will just be enabled, which does not mean that they are payable, they will just be enabled 
theoretically. So, the manner in which it operates is that there are requirements as per 
regulations and laws that we need to pass resolutions as when the time comes on an 
appropriate time and take necessary approval from the shareholders which has to be done.  

 
Page 13 of 13 
so these are regulatory requirements, which need to be followed. But that does not mean 
that those salaries are actually being paid. 
Rahul Jagwani: 
Okay. And that is applicable for the 20%. commission also.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, that is applicable to every single payment that which has got a particular regulation and 
section that is followed. And the secretarial team ensures that, you know, we are not out of 
those regulations at any given point of time.  
Rahul Jagwani: 
Okay. And just one more question. Earlier you were targeting 20% revenue growth this year.  
so what makes you suddenly so confident ? What has changed?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
So it is a continuous effort to ensure that you know there is a revenue growth as I explained 
to you over this call for the last half an hour or so, that you know, we have taken several 
steps, which we think that are the right steps to ensure that there will be a same store sales 
growth which will be a higher and a more attractive percentage than what it is today. And 
also, we have added new stores. So those new stores will start contributing plus we shall be 
adding further new stores as and when the time appropriate time comes. So these three 
broad based, I am saying that these three measure should definitely contribute to a revenue 
growth.  
Rahul Jagwani: 
Sir, these new stores had a cash breakeven of one year ensuring that the SSG reported being 
better based on the new stores we probably would have opened two years ago or 
something?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
No, the new open this year, the first new store, which was Noida was opened in the month 
of August. And then and in fact, some of the stores. 
Rahul Jagwani: 
No, I am talking about new stores which probably would have been opened two years ago 
should have contributed better right by now.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
No, there were no new stores. There were franchisee stores which were opened earlier. But 
yeah, so only one store or two stores were opened and mostly franchise stores.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question of this session. I now hand the floor over to Mr. Nilesh 
Dalvi for closing comments. Please go ahead.    
Nilesh Dalvi: 
Yes, thank you, everyone, for joining us today for this call. In case of any further questions, 
you can get in touch with us, write back to us. Our coordinates are provided in the 
presentation. Good evening and thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
