May 31, 2019 
TAKE/BSE/2019-20 
The Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services-Listing 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Intimation re 
Scrip: NSE-TAKE & BSE: 532890 
TECHNOLOGY ANALYTICS KNOWLEDGE ENTERPRISE 
·
-
---- ---
Institutional meet. 
TAKE/NSE/2019-20 
The Manager-Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400051 
We refer to our letter dated May 10, 2019 regarding the intimation of Analyst/ Investor Conference 
Call to discuss the audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2019 on May 16, 2019 at 4:00 PM (1ST). 
In this regard we herewith enclosed the transcript of the conference call as required under Regulation 
30 read with Part A of Schedule Ill of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
We request you to take the same on record and confirm. 
Thanking you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For TAKE Solutions Limited 
Avaneesh Singh 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
li\K[ SOl.UTIONS LIMITED 
Rl''\ISI ('I crl It Col l]Ul ill l' OffF C' 
No l7, fa11k [lune[ Roil([, Num;,11111Jokl<,11n, Clic•1111,11 
600 03'1 
t IN I fi U)l){) I H /llllllPI C (),Jf,; W 
Tel •91{'1/,/,110700/01 
www. takesolutions. com 

"TAKE Solutions Limited 
Q4 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call" 
MANAGEMENT: 
MODERATOR: 
May 16, 2019 
MR. H.R. SRINIVASAN -VICE CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR -TAKE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. RAM YELESW ARAPU - PRESIDENT & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER-TAKE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. D.V. RA VI- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR-TAKE 
SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
Ms. SUBHASRI SRIRAM -EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER-TAKE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
Ms. SHOBANA N .S. -EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR -TAKE 
SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. HARDIK SANGANI -ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
Page 1 of20 

Moderator: 
l-lardik Sangani: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
Ladies and gentlemen good day ,111d welcome to TAKE Solutions Limited Q4 FY2019 Earnings 
conference call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing . .,,,,. and then --o-- on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hardik Sangani from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Thank you, Nccrav. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of ICICI Securities, a warm 
welcome to the Q4FY20 I 9 Conference Call of TAKE Solutions Limited. We have from the 
management team Mr. H. R. Srinivasan, Vice Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ram 
Yelcswarapu, President and CEO, Dr. D. V. Ravi, Director, Mrs. Subhasri Sriram, Executive Director 
and CFO, and Ms. N. S. Shob8na. Executive Director. I shall hand over the call to Mr. Srinivasan to 
give us a brief overview on the quarter, post which, we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and 
over to you. Sir. 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon ladies mid gentlemen and welcome to this annual and Q4 
earnings cull of TAKE Solutions. 
First of .ill, I am very happy to announce that this is the first time that we have crossed Rs. 2,000 
Crores in revenue. From the company perspective, it is a very important milestone. We ended the year 
at Rs. 2,039 Crorcs, which is a 28.5% growth year-on-year in rupee terms and a 19% growth in dollar 
terms. In terms of EBITDA, our EBITDA was Rs.383.4 Crores, unadjusted and the adjusted EBITDA 
was Rs.417 Crorcs. The unadjusted EBITDA is about 25% growth year-on-year. 
I am also happy to say that we have maintained very good operating margins at 18.81 %, while 
comparable lo 20.46% on the adjusted side for the year. This year, I want to call out specifically, 
especially in Q3 and Q4 of the year that the total one-time adjustments that we have had were to the 
tune of $4.83 million. Of this, $2 million pertained to the acquisition of the two companies that we 
made, which is DataCcutics and KAI Research Inc. $1.73 million is the provision that we made 
towards the restructuring expenses in EU <111d $1.1 million was on account of the forex movement. So 
overall from the company, it has been a very satisfying year, but I would now like to move on to Q4 
and draw your attention to the fact that in Q4, our revenue growth in rupee terms was 2.4% but if you 
look at the Q4 growth in dollar terms, it was 5.4%. During the period under consideration, the rupee 
has strengthened, so as against the period average rate in Q2 of 72.02, for Q4, it was 69.93. So, on 
dollar terms. we have grown well. 
Page 2 of 20 

Ram Vclcswarapu: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
On the EB ITDA side, the quarterly EB ITDA on an adjusted basis has grown by 11.4%, which is at 
Rs.115 Crores and the unadjusted EBITDA is at Rs.96.6 Crores. Now this, again, is due to the 
provisioning that we had called out last quarter itself. 
I also want to state tlrnt with reference to the two acquisitions, which were to happen in March, both 
were consummated only in the last week of March and therefore, there was no accrual of revenue on 
either of the acquisitions during the fourth quarter of last year. 
The m:quisilions have since been completed. They have been amalgaim1ted into the TAKE Solutions 
Limited consolidated balance sheet as on March 31, 2019 and from April I, 2019, we will have the 
income pertaining to both those companies accruing to TAKE Solutions Limited. Other than that, 
operating performance has been good. Strategically, whatever we had intended to achieve during this 
period, we have been moving in that direction. 
There is a datu point on a three-yem basis ever since we started our journey towards becoming a full 
service platform enabled CRO. If you look at the revenue CAGR, it is at 23% from FY2017 to 
FY20l 9 and the EBJTDA CAGR is at 21 %, so directionally, I think we are moving in the correct 
manner as we had planned. Customer acquisition has been strong; customer retention has been strong. 
The IP development in terms of methods for BA/BE or the strengthening of the OneClinical platfom1, 
as well as the other proprietary platforms that we use to ddiver our Life Sciences Services have been 
coming along as per expectation. The customer renewals have been al an all-time high, 96% customer 
renewals we have had, so overall, we carry a very strong momentum as we move into FY2020. 
In terms of order book, we have a closing order book on March of $251. 70 million, of which, $245.12 
million pertains lo the Life Sciences. This compares very favorably to a total order book of $189.36 
million, which was al the end of FY2018, and the Life Sciences in particular, which was at $179.46 
million. So, the year-on-year growth in order book in Life Sciences has been 36.6%, which is better 
than expected. And th is order book docs not take into account the order book of DataCeutics and KA I 
Research, which is roughly about $30 million o11d would get added to this. 
I think we start off FY2020 on a very strong footing. With these words, I will now hand over the mic 
to my colleague, Ram, who will give a little more grnnular color on the Life Sciences business. Over 
to you, Ram. 
Thanks Sri. Good afternoon everybody. As Sri said, certainly, I think we have seen good strong 
performance for the entire year and looking ahead, I must start off by a summary statement and 
saying, the industry trends look extremely promising. I think the industry that we are in, our 
confidence levels, our understanding of the trends in the industry continue to aggressively scale and 
grow and we arc making those adjustments required, so that we are aligned to the trends and the 
Page 3 of20 

TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
growth aspects from an industry angle. So clearly, the headroom for growth in the industry is quite 
significant. Y cs, I musl also mention at the same time, that there are shifts in the generic industry that 
arc happening around us and I must also assure you that we arc absolutely aware of those, and we are 
taking note of some of those developments. 
But clearly, I think the business that we arc in, involves us to work with the generic phannaceutical 
industry, as much as it allows us to work with the innovator companies. So, given the spread of our 
business, we are adequately protected in ensuring that we are working with the industry segments 
across both our generics and the branded companies. That said, clearly, I think I will try to probably 
give some color to each of lhese business segments. 
So, starling off with the generics, we continue to expand on our traditional BA/BE opportunities. Our 
infrastructure, our delivery quality, the repeat business we get from our existing customers continues 
to grow in scale. We have not witnessed anything contrary to that. Plus, in addition to this, we arc 
noticing new opportunities from ge0graphics like North America. Clearly, the generic presence in 
North America also needs to be catered to. We, of course, have been trying to kind of entrench 
ourselves through 0Lir sales teams into North America as well as Eurnpe to secure some of these very 
traditional BA/BE opportunities. The recently concluded DCAT meeting in New York City, certainly 
we were there and our meetings with not just existing customers, but also of course prospects they 
continue to show promise that the industry will e0ntinue to lean on traditional BA/BE CROs for 
enabling services and hence, we arc adequately poised there. 
In addition, clearly, 1 think our company is adequately poised, as you may all know, that post 
approval support whether it comes to managing the lifccyclc of approved regulatory dossiers or 
providing for example pharmae0vigilancc support for these generic customers or even branded 
companies for that matter, we have an entire division catering just to that part of post approval 
support. So, our conversations are not necessarily just on the development side with these companies, 
but clearly once the drugs are approved and they are commercially available in the markets, there is a 
lot of spend that happens there and we as a company arc adequately poised and prepared to support 
our customers in these areas of post approval support. 
Moving on from traditional BA/BE, the complex generic space is evolving. We see a lot of traditional 
generic e0mpanies now aggressively pursuing the SOS(b) (2) alternatives, which require an NOA to be 
filed, so many of these arc patient studies. So, from the very traditional healthy volunteer studies of 
the generic comp,1nies, we see a shift happening rapidly towards patient studies. These are premium 
products, these are complex generics. some of these are technically challenging, but once again, our 
presence in running clinical trials, as a company, as a CRO, allow us to adequately address the needs 
of this evolving market, şo we are in lc1lks. Our pipeline of opportunities in the 505(b)(2) space is 
Page 4 of 20 

TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
growing and given our recent acquisitions in the U.S., that allows us to really tap into the patient 
studies, if you will, in the North American region, so that is a big plus for us and we are aggressively 
pursuing the 505(b)(2) alternatives. As you ,ire also aware, we have built capabilities in the 
technically complex generic space in certŬin areas like dose inhalation studies to insulin clamp 
studies, etc. We <1rc pursuing those opportunities. There appears to be clearly a need and an interest in 
the market and we arc pursuing that as well. 
Moving on to biosimilars, it is an expanding market. We have mentioned this in the past. We, as a 
company, have done good amount of work in the biosimilm· space. Of course, we started off with 
biologics. Biosimilars, being the genetic equivalence to biologics. We have been tapping into the 
biosimilar market also pretty reasonably well and we have continued to build our experience in this 
space. The good news is that a limited number of biologics having come to patent expiration and 
more coming off of patent expiration in the near future. The ones that have expired, I think, they arc 
limited in nature in terms of the indications that they address and our experience in monoclonal 
antibody, as we have mentioned several times in the past, allows us to participate very actively. 
Unbelievably so, there are scvernl companies that seem to be pursuing a very similar traject01y in 
developing some of these MAbs. So, the good news is, as you are aware, biosimilars require a Phase 
Ill and then a Phase IV ancl we are adequately poised to tap into the Phase 111 and Phase lV segments. 
The trends, just so that you are aware, the Phase III studies arc being designed by many companies 
now to span India and Eastern Europe and once again, our presence in Europe, both Western and 
Eastern and of course in India, allows LIS to tap into this growing and burgeoning Phase Ill and Phase 
IV opportunities for biosimilars. In fact, there are some complexities in this area that also position LIS 
extremely well. Some of lhe customers and prospects we are talking to are looking for biowaivers. In 
other words, they have Phase l data by running a biosimilar study in India. The pathway so they are 
trying to explore how things like can they get a biowaiver and instead of repeating a Phase I study in 
Europe where they just do a Phase Ill and file to the regulatory body in Europe. So, these are 
interesting, challenging conversations and we arc ve1y pleased that we are seated at the table having 
these very innovative and forward-looking conversations. 
Moving on lo NCEs or the new chemical entities, our focus on the SME segment of phanna and 
biott:ch positions us extremely well. Our fi:icus continues to be oncology and immuno-oncology, we 
sec a good deal of opportunities in the pipeline and recent deal closures that we have had arc 
extremely promising. The deal size is materially growing. The expansion from local and regional 
move to global portends very well. In a recently won study, for example, we will be running this 
study across Europe, across I<.orea and across North America. So, it is moving steadily from being the 
local regional coverage to a little bit more global and so are the deal sizes, so we are very encouraged 
Page 5 of20 

TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
by this trend that we an;; witnessing and we have several opportunities in the pipeline and several very 
interesting conversations that arc in tcnns of opportunities we are pursuing in the NCE space. 
Clearly, [ think as Sri mentioned, the differentiation of OneClinical continues to grow. Our belief in 
lcvcr;1ging technology platforms to be a differentiator CRO is serving us well. Our customers uctually 
have begun asking fr1r more features and functionality, which is a very positive trend. While we 
certainly started off with a bascl inc of OncClinical in how we wanted to make a difference in the 
market. The feedback now that we have been running several studies on a steady state basis, the 
feedback we are receiving as well as the features and functionality requirements src all fantastic 
inputs for us to kind of enhance the features and functionality of the platform to, kind of, continue to 
deliver our more comprehensive services and certainly deliver outcomes that are well differentiated in 
the industry, as we compete with others in the same space. 
OncClinical. as a portfolio product, as a platform, continues to expand. We have built predictive 
modeling capabilities into that platform now. We arc also aggressively working on workflow 
enablcment. Such a concept. while it has existed in other industries and it has been talked about for a 
while in the Life Sciences industry, hick of action has prevented adequate oversight and transparency. 
We, as a eompm1y, again, arc strong believers in technology in automation and innovation and we are 
believers in driving services of our platforms. Given this, we are enhancing the OncClinical platform 
with predictive model and worktlow enablcrnent for transparency and oversight. At the end of the 
clay, our quest is to kind of do more with fewer people and do more with more skilled people. If you 
clo that, I think the financials will reflect our ability to make a difference in an industry, which is 
traditionally been entrenched in past practices. 
Post approval support is the next area. Very quickly, we arc securing more work in the regulatory 
dossier lifecyclc management area. We have, of course, as you arc aware, developed a very strong 
trust across different parts of the world. Not only do we continue to scale and grow with our existing 
customers, I think our unit pricing model there to very specific metrics, operational metrics, that we 
have delivered are allowing us to really have ve1y interesting conversations and we continue to 
expand our portfolio of customers in that area. Once again, in the post approval support, 
pha1111acovigilance services arc on the rise. We are having more i ntcresting conversations now with 
more customers. We arc expai1ding, scaling and investing in our skill, in the post market PY safety 
area and so that continues to grow as well as. 
So, if you kind of look at the overarching coverage, there is coverage for development and leading to 
approval of clrngs and then once the drugs arc approved, there is coverage that continues to extend in 
the post approval support. So, in other words, for a given account, we arc now witnessing a heat map 
Page 6 of20 

TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
that continues to get checked <1way with us trying to do more services for a given customer, which is 
extremely exciting. 
Leadership team expansion, clearly, I think we have added a number of key leaders across the globe 
in a variety of differc11t departments and some of these have come in with very strong credentials 
from the industry and their belief in joining us is predominantly, it hinges off of the fact that we arc a 
well differentiated company and that is exciting not just for us. but also to get a ratification fro111 
someone who spent enough time in industry, who is certainly 011 board 110w believes in this vision and 
is c1bsolutely alongside in this journey. 
Process cnablcment, tech auto111,1tio11 innovation focus, we have talked about that stuff. 1 have 
mentioned few aspects of it. 1 am happy to answer 111orc questions on that, but our quest continues to 
be lo invest and grow and scale for differentiation from a technology and auto111ation angle. 
We, of course have acquired additional capabilities in North America mid we arc extremely excited. 1 
think the prospects of us trying to kind of get into full service in North America through these assets 
we have acquired recently is exciting. We are already getting into some very interesting conversations 
and pursuing opportunities so 011 and so forth, so more on this as, of course, we move into the next 
couple of cruarlcrs. 
Events, wcbinar through our sales and marketing channels, our client partners are spending an 
increasingly more time with customers trying to look at these heat maps. There are a lot of cross and 
upselling initiatives that arc corning into our CRM for visibility, so all these potent extremely well, 
again, from an account management and account mining perspectives. 
Lastly, clata-clriven, we arc data-driven not just for delivering differentiated outcomes for our 
custo1m:rs, but for internal processes as well. We are certainly watching our growth and performance 
very slrnrply. The propositions have been sharpened. They continue to get sharpened with the 
feedback we receive, so FY20 I 9 while it was a fabulous year. 1 think it also has positioned us 
extremely well for sharpening our propositions for FY2020 and from inside sales activity to sales, to 
presales assets being built, let me explain quickly what I mean by presalcs assets. We want to be 
re.1dy and prepared. For example. we arc pursuing indications across therapeutic areas like oncology, 
cardiovascular, urology. ophthalmology, dcr111atology, etc. For us to have a meaningful conversation 
and relate to our sponsor·s priorities in a cc1iain indication, it is important that we put ourselves in 
their shoes ahead of ti111e. What I mean by that is, if the endpoints of the certain clinical study 
protocol for a given indication arc known to us upfront, given that experience, to translate those to 
visualizations and to have meaningful conversations upfront with the prospect or a customer, allows 
us to do a better job in giving the adequate comfort responses. So, these such prcsalcs assets have 
been built as we speak. So, all in all, I think it is a fabulous year that we have had, and we arc 
Page 7 of 20 

H. R. Srinivasan: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
extremely excited as we look ahead at FY2020. With that, I certainly kind of going to hand it over 
back over to the team and we arc certainly ready to answer questions. Thank you. 
Thank you, Ram and I think before we get into Lhc Q&A, there are a few key points on the financials 
that Subhasri will nrnke, so over to you, Subhasri. 
Thm1k you, Sri. Good afternoon all. I suppose most of you must have got to sec the company's 
presentation just a few minutes before the call and my apologies for that. So just in case if you have 
not seen it or hnvc had not had a chance to go through, I thought I would just explain a few high-level 
data. 
We lrnve our currencies. This quarter has been a very interesting quarter where in terms of our income 
from the last quarter, it was 72, it has dropped down to 69.93 with a balance sheet number of 69.57 
remains the same as with Q3 and as well as Q4. So effectively, there has been a change in the P&L 
without a significant impact on the balance sheet. Well the reverse was true in the previous quarter, so 
these factors need to be kept in mind both in terms of our revenue growth and in terms of our 
expenses. 
ln ll:rms of our EBITDA, there arc several references we have given 111 terms of our adjusted 
EBITDA, specifically the reference to spccitic one-time expenses, which wus detailed in the previous 
call and explained earlier in the call by Sri and these arc one-time and hopefully we should bounce 
back soon. 
As far as the capex investments, this time around, we have had a more or less normal capex 
investment. which we invested in. It was in our facilities in technology and clinical trial. In the year 
gone by, (lllJ' expenses on intangibles hƸs been marginal. There are several work in progress, but no 
new IPs in place cit this point in lime, but hopel'ully several arc in a very interesting state. Hopefully, 
in the coming year we will have more on the technology space. 
The point next is on the tax rate. We had indicated that our effective tax rate is likely to be inching up 
from below I 5%. We arc now close to about 17%. It is also a fact that during this year, there is an 
element of rntionnlization of a number of legal entities. We have looked at it, seen where we have 
benefits of tax rate and where we could rationalize them and to the extent about five legal entities 
have been merged and/or taken into our parent company in the U.S. 
The next point is 011 our receivables. As I said, the balance sheet has been flat in terms of currency 
and therefore we have had a benefit in Lerms of our receivables, in terms of our DSO it has 
sig11itica11tly come clown. Some attempts we have made in terms of factoring and we see some 
benefits coming out of it ancl tlrnt going forward, we should be able to get some benefits in our 
Page 8 of 20 

AI.-	-
-
H. R. Srinivasan: 
Moderator: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
receivables nrnnagement or working capital management. While on the other side, our unbilled 
receivables have gone up. In some of the larger projects, the 111ilestones were not completed. The 
billing time cycles have not been reached. As on March 31, 2019, the a111ount is slightly more than 
usual, but during the next 45 days, scvcru\ of them have been billed and therefore, we should be 
seeing this back to normal 
The next is in terms of our liability. In terms of our funding, we have maintained our options to raise 
credit. We have credit lines, which 11rc available to us. We have been able to co111plete this acquisition 
of$52 111illion which was funded out of our internal accruals and the capital infusion, which happened 
in Lhc previous year. We, right now, have ,1 limited war chest of cash, but we do have credit lines, 
which sh1111ld help us grow for the next coming several quarters. 
As for as cash flow, in terms of our balance sheet, we have provided for the committed payment on 
our acquisition. The pun.:hasc considerntion, which has not yet been paid out, will be paid out based 
on the performance ol' the two entities. They have been provided for and have been restated in our 
balance sheet liobility section. So, there is a $20 million increase in our liabilities. This has been 
provided for. Our endeavor is to make sure that the acquisition performs as we desire and as we had 
planned and thereby the sellers arc able to earn their consideration, which we have committed for 
thc111. These are the few highlight P&L balance sheet points, which I wanted to spell out.lam happy 
to answer your questions. 
Thank you Subhasri. The team is now happy lo take questions. 
Thank you very 111uch. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Devansh Nagotia from SIM PL. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. I had these few questions related to the balance sheet. So, in other 
financial assets, we sec that the amount has jumped from Rs.75 Crores to Rs.203 Crores. Just wanted 
the breakup of exactly what these financial assets arc and if they arc related to advances? Which part 
of our business arc they related to? Arc they related to Regulator PY, Nets consulting or our CRO 
business? If the business grows, will they continue to grow and if they arc not related to revenue, by 
wlrnt time they should come down and when can we expect them to realize in our cash flows? 
Thank you. l think this is something, which I wanted to call out myself The increase, which you see 
is in the other financial assets is largely on account of the assets coming out of acquisition of DC and 
KAI where there is no corresponding revenue to the P&L have been taken as financial assets and that 
is the large part of the incremental assets in that section and as we know of the details, certainly, we 
do expect that in the next three to six months most of them will be liquidated. The incremental 
mnount will be liquidated, a significant portion of that. 
Page 9 of 20 

A Il'.	JS,.
· 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dcvansh Nagot.ia: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
Out of this Rs.203 Crores how much do we ex peel that would realize in next three to six months? 
About Rs.53 Cror<::s to Rs.55 Crorcs will be the incremental portion which will get liquidated in the 
next three months. 
Madam but what arc these ex,1ctly related to? What is it exactly? 
These arc advances paid where we have partnership arrangements or have specific co\laborntive 
ainngements where the third party arc working on certain tools for IT and we have paid an advance 
for us to lrnve a preferential right over for those products. 
Can you share a breakup'/ 
In terms of breakup as in terms of clinical and regulatory? 
So the complete Rs.203 Crorcs is related to the partnership rights that you are talking about, is it? 
Yes, partnership. It will be advances for our sites in terms of where we have block facilities, so it 
pertains to both clinical and regulatory. Predominantly, it is on the life sciences front. 
Madam, similarly in unbilled receivable, what do we expect in a steady-state case? How much should 
be the unbilled receivable days going forward? Since even in the last quarter, we were expecting that 
some milestones were not complclcd because of which they increased by some amount? 
It has come clown In fact, last time, it was not so much, but we typically expect about 15 clays of 
revenue, so 15 days of revenue at any point of time on an average. but there can be skewness at 
quarter ends. 
In that case then, these unbilled receivables should come clown going forward, right? 
Yes. I did mention, so this too is a bit of an abenation while the nice part of it is our AR. 
Just wanted one clarification related to other expenses like since you have told us $4 million, were the 
total other one-off expenses that has happened in the second half? Out of this, $2 million is related to 
DataCeulics ancl KA 1, so in this quarter, one off expenses would be Rs.14 Crores. Would that be the 
right interpretation? 
Come again with the question please. 
Page 10 of20 

Oevansh Nagotia: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Ram Yclcswarapu: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
The onetime adjustment expenses that you were talking about that lrns happened in the second halt; 
you mentioned the $2 million were related to acquisition expenses. Rs.16 Crores was that happened in 
the last quarter, a restructuring expense, so in this quarter that amount should be Rs.14 Crores, which 
would be the one-off expense, which is related to our acquisition and which will not happen going 
forward, right? 
Yes. The total expense is $4.83 million. It has got three components. $2 million pertains to the 
acquisition, which will not happen in the future. $1.73 million pertains to manpower rationalization in 
Europe, which also will not happen in future. $1.10 million is on account of forex movement, which 
is notional on the balance sheet. lt is not a cash outflow, but it is notional on the balance sheet and 
therefore it must go through lhe P&L for the quarter. So $3.73 million is one time, which will not 
happen in the future and $1.10 mil lion is a forex movement, which can happen in future. I do not 
think we will be able to predict that. 
Since we ,ll'c like 2 to 2.5 months post the acquisition, so how are we seeing the synergies playing out 
with KAI and DatHCcutics and in which part of the value chain are we seeing these synergies playing 
out? Art: we able to get the clients because of the physical presence in US or anything of that sort that 
we arc witnessing right now? 
I think, like we said we have not even had $1 of revenue in Q4, so effectively, it has started from 
April I, 20 I 9. While the PM I plan is moving as per target, it is too early to call what is the synergy 
that is happening at this point of time. If you ask me in the last 45 days is the PM I plan going as per 
schedule'/ The answer is yes, but I may not be able to articulate synergy beyond that because it is too 
early to call that out The first 45 days in any acquisition is to understand and make the employees 
feel comfortable, address several queries with that, solve infrastructure problems, client 
communication with reference to the changes that arc there, then there is e-mail ID changes of all the 
employees, so there ,ire several of those that take place. So, it is not that after one week you sec 
results, I have not seen that happen in the past even in the acquisitions that I lrnvc been involved in. 
From a broad perspective, in DataCeutics, you should be able to sec several low hanging fruits 
because it pertains to clinical data management where the sales cycles and the delive1y cycles are 
fairly quick and sharp. In the case of KAI Research, which deals primarily with the Phase II and 
Phase Ill studies, the sale cycles itsell' arc longer and so you will take a little more time to sec 
synergies. This I had called out even in the earnings call at the end of Q3, when we had alluded to 
this. I am going to pause here and maybe ask Ram ifhe wants to acid to what I already said here. Ram, 
you want to throw some color? 
So I think to the point you made and obviously, these arc initial clays right now. We need to certainly 
ensure that we take stock of some of the poor housekeeping activities, if you will, as part of the PM!, 
Page 11 of20 

Devansh Nagotia: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Dcvansh Nagotia: 
Moderator: 
Vijay Kajaria: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 20/9 
but if I could just maybe lend a little bit of color to what we expect to sec or at least what we are 
seeing in terms of the credentials that both these assets have brought to Navitas ancl TAKE. Clearly, 
there is a lot of synergy there. There is a focus 011 data services and 011 statistics, biostatistics, so 011 
and so forth when it comes to DataCeutics. We are certainly looking forward to expanding with their 
curn:nt customers to offer more services and solutions that arc from the larger family and bring some 
of those benefits to these customers. As well as of course expand and scale a bit more not just in 
terms of opportunities, but also into additional geographies, if possible, especially in the delivery 
front. And on KAI, clearly, I think it is a full-service unit our focus is musculoskeletal, oncology, 
neurology, mental health. so 011 and so forth. Sn once again, it adds a certain extra therapeutic areas to 
our portfolio. It also augments our current expertise. There are a lot of possibilities, including with 
agencies like National Cancer lnstitutc. National Institutes of Health, Department of Defense, Centers 
for Disease Control, so 011 and so forth. So. I think a lot of those things certainly are things that will 
kind of start taking concrete shape as we kind of progress through this part, but as we progress toward 
these over the next couple of quarters, 1 think we will certainly be able to comment more on that. 
Hopefully, that answers your question. 
Thanks that makes sense and what would be your current revenue mix between the Regulatory, PY, 
Nets, and Consulting; and within clinical between the BA/BE and CRO? 
Come again. 
What will be your current revenue mix in Regulatory, PV, Nets, Consulting and clinical? The share of 
revenue for the yec1r-en<l, what would that be? 
Nets and Consulting, 1 think it is at about Rs.160 Crores in that region. l do not have the schedule 
right in front of 111c. Clinical woul<l be, overall, both the CRO and the CDS piece put together, and 
this I am not including any of the acquired assets, would be about 36% to 37% of our total revenues. 
The remaining would be regulatory and l'V9 
Yes. 
This is it from my side. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the I inc of Yijay Kajaria from Securities Investments 
Marn1ge111e11t. Please go ahead? 
Thanks for the opportunity. In other financial liabilities, there is a significant jump. Is this the amount 
which is left to be paid to the company that we have acquired? 
Page 12 of20 

H.R. Srinivasan: 
Vijay Kajaria: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Vijay Kajaria: 
Moderator: 
Nirav Dalal: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nirav Dalal: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nirav Dalal: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Yes, exactly, 
That is $20 million'l 
Correct. Those arc the earn oul figures. They go into this. 
This is it from my side. Thank you. 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Nirav Dalal from Maybank. Please go 
ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions. One is just harping on the other expenses, if I 
were to just convert the Q3 and Q4 numbers, the other expenses numbers excluding one-offs comes to 
about $16 million for QJ and $19 million for Q4 and if we see the run rate for the last three quarters 
or the Q4 of 2018 to the Q2 of 2019. it had been between $16 million and $17 million, so should this 
be the new normal and then rel,1ted to it how do we see the margins panning out excluding the 
acquisitions and then including the acquisitions'1
I would not want to take it this way and say that this will be the way for the coming quarters, but one 
thing, which cletinitcly was a differentiated process was the last two quarters, in fact, some of the 
work of the last third quarter, much of the work was done out of US and thereby, there was an 
incremental element of cost, but tlrnt was well factored in our pricing. Will this be the new norm? 
Will we have the growth coming out of the US geography mid delivery out of US? Well maybe for a 
few more quarters we will require, but there is an clement where the Indian arm providers us a portion 
of the services and some of it was delivered out of our US and Europe offices. 
So, net-net, how do you sec the EBlTDA panning oul, so Q4 EBIT was about 10%? How do you see 
this going forward? 
So, EBIT, as we had indicated earlier in the commentary, EBIT or EBfTDA, the way you look at it, 
we feel confident 1hat it is slightly under control and maybe a few basis points here or there between 
quarters it may move, but there will not be a significant change in the near future. 
FY2019 number was about 12.3% and FY2018 was about 12.7%, so excluding the acquisitions do 
you see this number to be maintained? 
Yes, that is the fair expectation, 
Page 13 of20 

Nirav Dalal: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
1-1.R. Srinivasan: 
Nirav Dalal: 
1-1.R. Srinivasan: 
Nirav Dalal: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nirav Dalal: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
In terms of the acquisition. what arc the margins that one should factor in because you said that 
EBITDA would be about 16%, so what should one factor in? 
Our objective is to take them to what we have been able to deliver, but how soon will we be able to do 
that may be too premature to comment about it, even the earn-out is structured in such a way that they 
will have to deliver not only on the 1evenuc, they will also have to deliver on certain EBITDA 
numbers. In this way, we expect it to help the two acquired companies to improve on their EBITDA 
numbers. 
Nccrav, just to acid to that. The first six months, in the case of KAI, we may not be able to impact 
anything on the EBITDA numbers because KA[ really depends on the opportunity of getting more 
trials and then the sales cycle for the trials is a little longer. You may see an uptick in EBITDA in 
DataCeutics portion of the business after about three months, primmily on the account of off shoring, 
which is possible. Today, there is a possibility of already off shoring roughly about 15% of the 
DataCeutics work and there is a plan underway, but to execute that properly will actually take about 
three months to start executing that. So, you may start seeing an uptick in that portion of the business 
in about three months, but KAI, we will hav..: to look at atleast six months before there can be any 
nrnrgin expansion. 
FY20' I 9 EBITDA for the company was about 19.8%, so 19.8% ancl 16% for the acquisition that 
should be the number that we should look at for FY2020 technically? 
Correct. 
The last question is on capex. What are the capcx expectations for FY2020 ancl FY202 I? 
111 our own internal eapcx requirement, I think we arc fairly okay, but as [ said, there are several 
work-in-progress in our IPs and in the last two years there have not been too many from our side ancl 
we do expect some arc at an interesting stage, we should be able to capitalize and go to market soon. 
111 the case of DC and KAI, while DC may not require much of a capex, KAI is one and we do see 
even in our original plans, we did see a gnp there. There may be a requirement of an investment, but 
how soon and after what milestones, we will have to look at it, it is again a bit too early, but yes, in 
our original budget, we have factored some of the investments for KA[, but that will come in maybe 
one to two quarters from now or we will start looking at it one to two quarters from now, nothing 
immediate. 
To be very clear, FY2020 cnpcx would be anywhere between Rs.120 Crorcs to Rs.150 Crorcs or less 
than that? 
Page 14 of20 

Subhasri Sriram: 
Nirav Dalal: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nirav Dalal: 
Moderator: 
Tushar Bohrn: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Yes. 111ore or less. 
Between Rs.120 Crores to Rs.150 Crorcs? 
Yes. you arc on dot. 
Thank you. 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofTushar Bohrn from MK Ventures. Please go ahead? 
Sir, if you can just explain a little bit about the different balance sheet items? There have been a lot of 
changes on both the asset and liabilities side. So, unbilled receivables, there was a mention and also 
other financial assets. If you can just help as to what really the reason for a sharp spike in both and 
c01Tcspondingly on the liabilities side, the reason for sharp spike up in the borrowings and other 
liabilities? 
Tushar, Subhasri here. 1 had explained that while we do sec a spike in unbilled, but if you look at 
receivables arc fro111 last quarter I 08 days have co111e down to aboul 94 to 95 days, so there is an 
cle111ent which as I had indicated earlier, certain cycles could not get 111ilcstone in terms of certain 
projects were not clone by March 31. 2019 t-J-0111 inco111c regulation and matching costs if we had to 
and a, per accounting standards, we have recognized it. It was unbilled as on March 31, 2019. Several 
of tlmn have been billed right now and they a1 ca part of their credit cycle right now and one head, 
which is lhe trade receivables, which has also come clown, which 1 highlighted. In terms of 
investments, last year, we had a posl equity infusion, there was cash surplus beyond our debt and a 
portion of it was invested in mutual fund and the same was redeemed somewhere around June to 
September and that is why thcrcfo1·c you sec the drop in our investments schedule. I explained the 
incrc111cntal value in other financial assets. Nol all of them, but a significant large portion of them is 
on account of assets coming out of DC and KA I acquisition in terms of consolidation of accounts and 
as I had mentioned, this has been specific as well as a financial asset because we do expect a very 
short period of these iiSSets getting liquatcd and we should be in cash soon. This is a part of the 
working capital cycle and this should come back to the system. And from the financial liabilities, I 
think the borrowings, arc lines, which were drawn in March 31, 2019 and some of them arc new lines. 
And I need to call out that previous year 31 st March, since March 23, the capital infusion had 
lrnppenecl. Some of the even existing lines had been funded off because there was cash surplus as of 
the end of March of last year, so there are not necessarily comparable numbers. The cash balance is 
also not comparable; different scenarios. And ns far as trade payables, it is a part of our management. 
We have had not too much credit to the clinical trials and others. We have had very short cycle in 
trade payables and other financial liabilities indicated that almost the entire incremental amount is on 
<1ccou11t of the provision mudc for the cam out on this new acquisition. 
Page 15 of20 

AI.
 ..  . -
Tushar Bohra: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Tushar Bohrn: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Tushar Bohrn: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
Madam the unbilled receivables that have gone up how does that impact? This is essentially revenue 
that has not been billed to lhe client, right, but the revenue is taken 011 the books and associated costs 
are also taken on the books, right, so there is 110 effect on the margins, right? 
No, absolutely not. It is only question of classifying it as an acknowledged debt because its invoice 
has not been raised. Since the invoice has m,t been raised and there is 110 counterparty at this point as 
an acknowledged debt, it continues lo be shown as unbilled receivables. From March 31, 2019 to the 
next 15 to 30 days, the billing has happened. 
If we were to just look at the overall working capital cycle in terms of number of days how would it 
be stacking up for FY2019 versus FY2018? 
In fact, looking at receivables in adding both the trade receivables and unbilled receivables, largely it 
will be 120 to 125 days. Typically, the receivables are about I 00 days to I 05 days and about 15 to 17 
clays unbilled receivables. This time around, the receivables arc around 94 to 95 days while the 
unbilled receivables arc about 25 to 30 days. 
Roughly, the working capital cycle has remained in the same range as earlier? 
Almost identical in fact. It is just like it has moved from trade debtors to unbilled receivables. 
Madam as we scale up and CRO becomes a bigger portion of the total business in terms of size, as 
you scale up in CRO, how do you expect working capital cycle to move going forward? Let us say 
not just the next year, but if you could give us a three-year outlook maybe on working capital in the 
context of increasing CRO revenues'1 
If I were to go by the other players in the CRO space, especially global players, we definitely see an 
opportunity open to us and even more so with the global preference in clinical trials where we will be 
able to operate on a multi-servicing, and multi-site trials. Our ability to be able to draw or claim more 
trade advance and profit-advance is far more prospective. In a reasonable period of time, the net 
working capital should co111e down, but it may not be apples-to-apples in terms of the debtor and the 
creditor. We will not advm1cc in one account and receivables in another account, but overall, we do 
expect the working capital to 111ove downward, but not significantly, but yes, fro111 the 120 to 130 
days, it c,1n come back to about 90 clays. 
From 120 to 130 ln 90 days, this cycle? 
It is about ,1 30-clay cycle, so we should be able to cover off in about may be two years. 
Page16of20 

A!.. . 	 . 
· 
Tushar Bohra: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Moderator: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
Madam, w..: :ir' Ʒ1,;l:mg on an expanded h,1sc or an expanded balance sheet in two years' time, we 
should be abk Ill g,;1 working capital cycles down by about 20 to 30 days I am getting this right, right, 
in terms of c11H.:l11 ·inn? 
Reduced by 30 days. 
Reduced by 20 to 30 days. It should come down by that much, 
That is righl. 
In terms of the payouts that we arc still to give for the acquisitions, we have adequate cash 
provisioning with us, right? We will not need incremental cash drawing out, further debt or anything 
into the business to pay off the rema111111g company debt. 
These are owr a one and a half to two years away and both from internal Hccruals and with the 
cu1Tent line, we are comfortable to take care of the payment. 
I think the internal accruals should take care of this. 
That is Rs.139 Crores or Rs.140 Crores, the payouts that arc still left? 
Yes. 
Sir one more thing. 
Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Bohrn. Please come back in the question queue for a followup question. 
It is just a clarification, if I may, for the numbers . .lust one thing Sir the operational EBITDA we 
mentioned is Rs.115 Crores and Rs.96 Crores adjusted and unadjusted, if you can just clarify how that 
works out because the numbers we look at is Rs.81 Crores and maybe Rs.96 Crores to Rs. I 00 Crores 
from what w,1s the reported? 
Sorry, you are looking at the press release? 
Yes. 
I am sorry. I think between Lifescicnccs and SCM vertical, which largely pertains to the c0111orate 
office costs and others have been left out in terms of considering for the operating EBITDA, so if you 
go to this stock exchange publication, the other unallocable expenses of Rs.11.89 Crores that has been 
Page 17 of20 

Tushar Bohra: 
1-1.R. Srinivasan: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Tushar Bohrn: 
Moderator: 
Dhannik Patel: 
1-1.R. Srinivasan: 
Ram Vclcswarapu: 
TAKE Solutio11s Limited 
May 16, 2019 
inadvertently missed out in terms of considering for the operating EBITDA, so the Rs.81 Crores is 
right. 
So, then wlwt would he the adjusted EBITDA, ,1djustcd for the exceptional one-off costs for this 
quarter against the Rs.81 Crores reported? 
Rs.96 Crorcs or thereabouts. 
IL is Rs.81 Crores and Rs.99.6 Crorcs. The adjusted is Rs.99.6 Crorcs. 
Rs.81 Crorcs and Rs.99.6 Crores. Thank you very much. That is all. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhar111ik Patel from Active Alpha Group. Please go
ahead'1 
Good evening. l have a couple of questions. First, regarding the European business, your revenue has 
not grown or it has nol done well for this year and post restructuring, how do you see this European 
business to grow? 
I think post restructuring, because we have kind of brought the team down, be it infusing whatever 
new blood is there and there is some expansion that we arc trying in other parts of Europe, especially 
Eastern Eurnpe. which is what we arc bu ii ding. So, this year in Europe it is likely to be flattish. Much 
of the growth is going to come from U.S. and Europe. That is our estimation because the new teams 
that come in will take a bit of lime to settle down, so we do not want to be ambitious in terms of 
guiding Europe towards growth this yca1·, so you should expect a flattish revenue in Europe. Ram, 
you support that view? 
Yes. I think clearly post restructuring, l think, there arc a couple of things that would certainly be, I 
guess, talked about. Number one, clearly in a global delivery model, that will certainly kick in for 
European oppo1iunitics. which necessarily was not the case earlier, so certainly for centralized 
services around data management stacks, tile stacks, medical services, etc., we intend to certainly 
change the landscape of the delivery and lean more lowards global delivery done very localized, 
which w,1s the prior trend, number one. Number two to Sri's point, I think we see a shift into Eastern 
Europe. There is a preference response towards taxes in some of the Eastern European locations, so 
we certainly are aw,ire of Llrnt and wc arc building towards it. The third thing is we lrnvc brought on 
client partners. as we call. in our parlance who certainly are taking stock of our existing customers as 
well as the newer opportunities and last but not the least, we arc also adding to our medical and 
scientific capability in the local region of Europe. With all of these, l think, FY2020, I think there is a 
lot of activity that will happen on these lines that I just elaborated, but we will look to certainly build 
Page 18 of20 

AT..8 . 	 . 
· 
Dhannik Patel: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
Dhannik Patel: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dhannik Patel: 
Moderator: 
H.R. Srinivasan: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
on that stuff in the future, but FY2020 would attempt to kind of bring all these features to the 
forefront and we expect to build on that stuff, so perhaps flattish and perlrnps some signals as we look 
ahead into the next fiscal, so on and so forth for, well, growth on top of that. 
And the second question is where arc we in the process of selling the supply chain business? 
As you may be aware, we have sold two out of the three units of supply chain that we had. The 
current one that rc1miins on the books is a joint venture where we have 58% interest. This business 
cunently has revenue of about Rs. I 40 Crores and a profit of around Rs.5 Crores odd. It has been a 
dividend paying business, so there is no investment or managerial time that is involved here. We 
expect to get good value for this business. There is a mandate out there, but we do not have any 
effective bids at this point of time where we arc holding conversations to give a timeframe. We are 
certainly looking forward that during lhc course of this FY, we will make a very earnest attempt to see 
that this business goes. l have to though callout llrnt even the other two businesses tliat we sold took 
us maybe 8 to 12 months more than what we had originally anticipated to sell the business, so I do not 
want to comment 011 a time frame. In terms of readiness, I think both the JV partners are ready to sell 
the business and the understanding is there. Once we have an offer that is fine, we will certainly go 
ahead and execute the transaction. 
My last question is to Ms. Subhasri. It is rcgaruing the other comprehensive income can you please 
help me in understanding the items, which will be reclassified lo profit or loss? It indicates negative 
figures for FY 20 I 9 and as well as for Q4, so can you give us some color on the same? 
They arc largely between our subsidiaries, transaction between our subsidiaries on account of 
difforcntiated currency. This is not a P&L transaction; it goes through as an OCI and it gets adjusted 
in the lxilance sheet. So, these arc the noncash, no net cash outflow or cash inflow. These are largely a 
rc\tatcment between the subsidiary in terms of cunency restatement, transactions between home 
currencies and the reported cu1Tencics. 
Thank you. 
Thank you ve1y much_ Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints that will be the last question for 
today. I will now lwnd the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ladies and gentlemen. tlwnk you very much for joining the Q4 and annual earnings Call for FY2019 
for TAKE Solutions. My team and I are very happy to answer any further questions that you may 
have. 
Please 
reach 
out 
by 
mail, 
which 
IS 
available 
011 
our 
website, 
invcstorrelations(t .takesolu!ions.com or reach out to us by phone or maybe e-mail in any other form 
and we will be happy to take fu1iher questions. Thank you again for all your support. 
Page 19 of 20 

AI.
 ..  . · 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
May 16, 2019 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of lClCT Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Contact lnfomrntion: 
Investor Relations: i nvestorrelations@takesolutions.com 
Registered Address: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
No. 27, Tank Bund Road, 
Nungambakkam, 
Chennai - 600034, India 
Tel: +9144 6611 0700/701 
CTN: L63090TN2000PLC046338 
www .take so I u ti ons.co rn 
Page 20 of20 
