COCHIN SHIPYARD UMITED
(A Government of India Category·l
Miniratna Company, Ministry of Shipping)
SEC/48/2017-63
June 11, 2019
To
The Manager,
Compliance Department,
SSE Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code/Symbol: 540678/COCHINSHIP
To
The Manager,
Compliance Department,
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Exchange Plaza,
Sandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra (East)
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Symbol: COCHINSHIP
Dear Sir/Madam,
Subject: Transcript of conference call
1.
Please find enclosed transcript of conference call held on Monday, May 27, 2019 at
14:30 hrs. to discuss on company's Q4 FY19 results and the road ahead.
2.
Kindly take the same on record.
K a
Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer
For Cochin Shipyard Li
~
~
• ll"~~
'l1'R, 1fT.m.~-,t 1653 ~
1ft m
RegisteredOffice: Administrative BUildingPo. B
N' l~v"'l,'
.
., ~
- 682015
1liR / Phone: +91(484) 2361181/ 25012~~·
ag
o.
53, PerurnanoorP.o.,Kochi - 682 015
~
/ Website.www.cochinshipyardc
~F/ax.
+91 (484) 2370897/2383902
. om,
"""~.,
CIN.L63032KL1972GOI002414

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Cochin Shipyard Limited Q4 & FY19 Results Conference-call"  
Transcript 
 
May 27, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MADHU S. NAIR - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. V.J. JOSE - GENERAL MANAGER - FINANCE 
MS. V. KALA - GENERAL MANAGER AND COMPANY SECRETARY  
MR. RAJESH GOPALAKRISHNAN, GENERAL MANAGER - BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Cochin Shipyard Q4 FY2019 post 
earnings conference call jointly hosted by Concept Investor Relations and Reliance 
Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Arafat Saiyed from Reliance Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Thank you Stanford. Good afternoon friends. On behalf of Reliance Securities, I 
welcome you all to the post Q4 & FY19 results conference call of Cochin Shipyard. 
Today, we have with us from the management, Mr. Madhu S. Nair – Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. V.J. Jose, General Manager (Finance), Ms V Kala, General 
Manager and Company Secretary. I would like to handover the call to the 
management for their opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Good afternoon and just for information we also have Mr. Rajesh Gopalakrishnan, 
General Manager Business Development also on the conference. My name is 
Madhu Nair, I am CMD for Cochin Shipyard Limited and welcome to all. At the 
outset, we have had a generally gratifying result. The turnover is up by about 26%, 
the profit before tax is up by about 24% and the PAT had increased by about 21%. 
We have recorded an all-time high turnover in the ship repair segment of Rs. 832 
Crore and as we are talking like current order book also, we are looking fairly 
comfortable. Our larger capex plan is going well, so overall it has been a good year. 
 
Let me get into the details a little bit. On the turnover as you are seeing  we have 
clocked Rs. 2962 Crore and the breakup is coming as shipbuilding Rs. 2130 Crore 
and the ship repair turnover Rs. 832 Crore. The profitability has generally been 
good though you would have noticed in Q4 we had a slight dip in the profitability 
because there has been some provisioning and Mr. Jose would explain it a little bit 
later, but the reason for the provisioning is due to adoption prudent accounting 
policies, but let my general manager (finance) explain it a little bit later. 
 
The highlight of the year was on the shipbuilding side, there has been a few orders, 
which we have secured, what we are having right now. We have finally signed the 
contract for 8 ASW corvettes with the Indian navy. On March 1, 2019, we secured 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
contracts from a group company of Jindal Steel Works, , the company is called 
Utkarsh Advisory Limited  and we have signed contracts for four numbers, mini 
bulk carriers, on which,  we will also have the privilege of getting the shipbuilding 
support subsidy; so all in all the flow would be approximately Rs.300 Crore. 
 
We also concluded a contract for nine numbers floating border out posts for 
Border Security Force and this contract comes from the Ministry of Home, so let us 
say Rs. 270 Crore is the base value of the contract. There is something more in it 
by way of a 10-year annual maintenance contract and then we also signed 
contracts for small vessels of inland water authority. So, all in all current order book 
that has been signed stands at around Rs. 8300 Crore and this does not include the 
expected phase 3 contract of the IAC and it also does not include the cost plus part 
of the IAC. So if you add both of those, we are somewhere around Rs.  15000 Crore 
order book, which looks fairly comfortable at this stage. 
 
On the ship repair side, during the financial year , we had some major refits from 
the Navy and from ONGC, the negative has been we have had a bad accident last 
year,  the negatives from which was carried forward to some extent , this year. The 
other highlights have been that the company has continued to have cordial 
industrial relations, we have now concluded the long-term wage settlement with 
our workers, it is a settlement for 10 years and which is awaiting final approval 
from the government. It is more of a formality when we sign it in a long-term 
settlement and this increase in the wages are already being factored into whatever 
we are talking as of now. 
 
We also completed the buyback of shares of a total of Rs. 200 Crore as you are 
already aware of. On the capex side, the two main projects, which we are 
implementing, viz the new dry dock and the new ship repair facility both are 
proceeding, generally well and last year we have spent about Rs. 500 Crore on 
capex and as we move forward we are expecting these projects should move 
forward as per schedule. We have also invested in a  subsidiary company in Kolkata. 
Here, we have initiated the construction of Hooghly Cochin Shipyard Limited, so 
civil works is ongoing in Kolkata and orders have been placed for some of the 
critical equipment in Kolkata. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
On the ship repair front, as a part of the geographical expansion we have taken 
over this Hughes Dry Dock and five berths in the Indra Basin in Mumbai. We started 
physical operations in the Mumbai Yard on January 18, 2019 and as we are 
speaking, we have already taken 11 vessels in the dock. Things are stabilizing over 
there. It is just starting phase, so we will expect a few more months down the line 
for a much more stabilized operations. For Ship repair in Kolkata where we are 
slated to take over Netaji Subhas Bose Dock, we have signed the agreement and it 
is expected that we will start physical operations by September of this year in 
Kolkata.  Kolkata I should caution will not be as good as Mumbai to start off, but 
again the investments also we make in Kolkata would be much lower. 
 
Again, Port Blair MoU is awaiting final approvals from Andaman and Nicobar 
administration side, which is at a very advanced level and we were told that it 
would be done immediately after the elections, so we are expecting it anytime 
now. We have handled the corporate social responsibilities well and overall things 
have gone well for the shipyard. As we look into the FY2020 where we are already 
two months down, we expect a significant traction in the top-line. We are 
expecting, as we have been consistently saying at the minimum 12% to 14% 
increase in the top-line with consistent profitability. So, these are what I wanted 
to convey to start off, but again we have already uploaded an investor presentation 
onto the exchanges and we thought it was necessary to give some comments and 
clarification regarding certain provisioning, which we have done in Q4. So there 
has been some major provisioning, which we have done one is about Rs. 29 Crore 
on the ship repair side and about Rs. 26 Crore on the ship building side and if you 
have noted you would have seen a small loss in the ship repair segment in the 
segmental results, so we have explained the reasons for that also and I can assure 
you that these are more of one-off reason and it is stemming from prudent 
accounting policies. So you can be rest assured that profitability is generally steady. 
I think if we can move forward and then if there are specific questions on the 
profitability regarding provisioning, we would be glad to explain. So with that I 
think I will just wrap up for now and then take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan 
from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Very good afternoon, Sir. My first question is pertaining to the new orders that we 
have in the pipeline and also as per the recent reports in media, we read that the 
probability of the new aircraft carrier getting scrapped is high because of the 
budget not being available with Navy, so if you can comment on these two aspects 
on your order inflow? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
In the order pipeline, we are expecting a few requests of quotations to come from 
the Navy and the Coastguard. There are two, which have already been issued and 
which we are participating in and we are expecting a few to come in from July to 
December of this year and we expect to participate. We will be getting qualified 
for all these RFPs. In fact, the latest we understand is that there are a few small 
RFPs that is coming in and for those the MoD and the Navy would take a view that 
these will go to the small shipyards in India who are having difficulties. There are 
two RFPs right now, one from the coastguard for two pollution control vessels and 
one from the Navy, which is for a semi-submersible pontoon essentially a large 
floating dock. These two we are working on. Additionally d we are expecting to 
receive RFPs for the next generation missile vessels- six numbers, new generation 
OPVs six numbers, also multipurpose vessels four number and then survey and 
training vessels coming from the navy. These are all expected to come shortly. 
Apart from this, there is also a high-speed landing craft six numbers expected to 
be tendered shortly. So, all in all there is a long line of RFPs which are expected. 
Regarding the aircraft carrier, I am not in a position to comment. We have seen the 
reports going up and down, but I think at this stage, we would not have anything 
else to add on this, but our understanding is that it is a big ticket decision and 
probably now that we have a new government we will have better clarity on this 
as we move forward. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sir, my second question is pertaining to the ASW Corvettes order that we have 
booked, I think the total value comes to about Rs. 900 Crore higher than the initial 
amount due to spares getting included, so with the total amount now at Rs. 6300 
crore and spares relatively being a higher profit area compared to the base ship 
building contract, how would you look at the overall profitability of this order and 
if you could just briefly run us through how much advance will the company receive 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
and how the revenue booking will stack up over the next say initial three years 
because we have the execution schedule where after forty two months per ship 
and then six month subsequently, but in the initial two to three years, how will the 
revenue booking stack up? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Rs. 5400 Crore was the amount earlier, so this Rs. 900 Crore extra is essentially 
based on the spares and certain modification that may come in. So, that is really 
not going to have an impact on profitability as it is, it’s more of a pass through. e. 
Regarding the profitability and the scheduling, we are still working on this. I do not 
have the details , but we are working out the plans and the schedules right now.  
As far as the advance is concerned, we have already submitted the BG’s for the 
first stage payment of 10%.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sir, third was on the ship repair side, you had mentioned that the Vikramaditya had 
come a year earlier than its schedule and because of that FY2019 ship repair 
revenues had seen a very sharp growth what kind of orders you have in pipeline 
now and FY2020, do you think this number will decline or what is your expectation 
internally? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
FY2020, this number should come down because our internal target is somewhere 
around Rs. 650 Crore to Rs.660 Crore. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And margins similar to? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Margin similar, correct. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Last question if I may just squeeze in, that this TDV order that we have I think the 
revenue booking in FY2019 has significantly come down, is there a slowdown in 
the progress of the project or that ship? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
That is right, that project is now scheduled for delivery in October of this year, we 
have faced some challenges on that project and this is  because of some changes 
which the client had actually wanted. I am not in a position to get into details on 
it, but then the delivery date has been officially extended on that project, so we 
could not really put in good work on that project during the interim period, but 
now it has again picked up. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Thank you for taking all the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Good afternoon Sir. Congrats on a decent set of numbers. So, basically just had 
some bookkeeping questions, if Mr. Jose can help us. What was the IAC revenue 
booked in the Q4 broken up between fixed price and Cost Plus? 
V.J. Jose: 
In quarter Q4 IAC revenue  cost plus was Rs. 362 Crore and fixed price was  Rs. 197 
Crore, total IAC is Rs. 559.5 Crore. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Sir, also if you can help us understand the various provisions that you declared as 
part of your investor presentation, where do they sit in the P&L so I am assuming 
that the Rs. 29 Crore and the Rs. 26 Crore from the part of the Rs. 58 Crore line 
item that you have declared, my query for more to do with the LD provision on 
Sagar Bhushan and the Rs. 19 Crore follow-up and Rs. 5 Crore, so where do they 
sit, are they part of other expenses? 
V.J. Jose: 
No, actually, the LD for the Sagar Bhushan it has been reduced from the revenue 
of Sagar Bhushan for the quarter that means income has come down for the 
quarter. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
So, Rs. 11 Crore was knocked off from the revenue? 
V.J. Jose: 
And, similarly Mumbai port loss of Rs. 5 Crore that will be because of the various 
line items of the expenditure, so the net income minus the expenses will be the Rs. 
5 Crore loss, typically we generated a turnover of around Rs. 2.5 Crore from 
Mumbai and various expenditure is to a tune of Rs. 7 Crore like fixed expenses such 
as  lease rent, salary for those employees which we have taken from them-  around 
58 employees we have taken over, etc 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Sir, this Rs. 55 Crore that we have booked in terms of INS Aditya withholding tax, 
on a segmental basis where have you allocated this, are they allocated to costs in 
the shiprepair segment or it is in the un-allocable expenses? 
V.J. Jose: 
This is in the unallocated. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
Jonas Bhutta: 
My third question was on the capex target for FY2020, I know in a four-year block 
you need to spend about Rs. 2800 Crore for the two assets that you are developing, 
but what would the capex outgo be in FY2020? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
We have a capex target of Rs. 660 Crore, the way things are going maybe it will 
exceed that a little bit.We will revise if at all needed by around September, but 
right now Rs. 660 Crore. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Rs. 660 Crore? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Yes. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
My last question, like you gave your expectations for the ship repair revenue of 
about Rs. 6.5 billion, what would that number be on a ship building segment that 
works into the 12% to 14% growth that you have given? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
We should see a figure of anywhere between Rs. 3000 crore to Rs. 3400 Crore our 
top line coming in. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Got it, Sir. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
So, the shipbuilding is that figure minus Rs. 660 crore 
Jonas Bhutta: 
I got it. I will come back in the queue for more questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajinkya Bhat from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is if I look at the bill-to-book ratio 
for the company through the last three or four quarters, it has significantly gone 
up from about 22% in Q1FY2019 to about 41% employee number for Q4, so my 
question is have you by any chance advanced the execution the ASW Corvette 
order even before actually signing the contract because as far as I understand the 
BSE press release about the contract signing was given out on April 30, 2019, which 
mentioned that we signed the contract today and you have historically shown or 
demonstrated this approach that you can advance such execution in case of IAC 
phase 2 when the contract signing was delayed during 2013-2014 period, the other 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
part being that when I look at the balance sheet here other current assets have 
gone up so does it indicate some sort of accrued income that is piling up because 
you have advanced execution of an unsigned contract, so that is one clarification 
that was required? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
We haven’t done anything on the ASW corvette which we signed on April 30, 2019. 
We have now gone and concluded the design contract for that. So we haven’t 
started execution as on date. Phase 2 and the phase 3 was a slightly different thing 
because that is one single project even though technically we are calling it phase 
1, phase 2, phase 3. Essentially, we know very clearly that the project is an old 
project and it is only for the comfort and practical reasons that the fixed prices is 
being divided into three and the Cost Plus go seamless. So, at that point of time as 
far as we were concerned since we have a delivery date to honor, whether we have 
a contract or not we just moved forward, but not in the case of the ASW. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
So, you are saying basically there may have been advance execution on the IAC 
contract? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Pardon? 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Sir, basically what you are saying IAC have been advance execution on? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
IAC contract is a seamless contract as far as the cost plus aspect is concerned. But 
from a revenue point of view Jose can explain if there are any advancement or 
something that is happening? 
V.J. Jose: 
No in the ASW. Nothing, in the IAC. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Why are the other current assets going up? 
V J Jose: 
After  the introduction of  Ind-AS 115, the new accounting standard for revenue 
recognition, the revenue, which has been recognized on a percentage completion 
method to that extent it is not due from the customer, earlier it was shown on 
debtors, now it is classified as contract assets in the current assets. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
It has moved from receivables to other current assets? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
V J Jose: 
Yes, that is around Rs. 217 Crore plus we have some input tax, which is on GST, 
which is yet to be claimed that is also around Rs. 229 Crore. These are the main 
factors, which has gone up in the current assets because input tax credit we can 
avail when we deliver it, so whatever payment made between during the 
construction that will be accumulated as asset under the input tax credit, so these 
are the main reasons for increasing the other current assets. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Understood Sir and I have another question on the raw material cost side, so I see 
that Q4 FY2019 and I understand that obviously raw material cost depends on the 
stage of execution etc., but for the FY2019 RM cost stands stood at around 53% of 
sales, sharply up y-o-y about 700 bps y-o-y now. As far as I understand the steel 
prices globally have declined by about 11% to 12% if you take the quarterly average 
Q4 2019 versus Q4 2018, so my question is, is that sort of decline also true for 
shipbuilding grade steel and in terms of your contracts that you may have signed 
with the suppliers, when the advantage of such a decline will actually start 
reflecting in your numbers? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Basically, in the Q4 the raw material cost has gone up not because of the steel 
price, it is mainly because of the Cost Plus part of the IAC, we have done Cost Plus 
part of Rs. 362 Crore vis-à-vis last year Q4 it was only Rs. 217 Crore, that is the main 
reason. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Okay I understood. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Steel what you are saying, we don’t have too much steel requirement right now, it 
is only the JSW vessel- the four bulk carriers, which we have taken in on March 1, 
2019, for which we have ordered almost 75% of the steel we just placed an order 
and I think we got some excellent prices. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Okay, understood. On the raw material cost do you have any visibility obviously q-
o-q there can be volatility, but from the full year perspective, , could it be around 
52% to 53% or could it be higher or lower? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
That is difficult to predict now, that depends on, for example in the case of IAC that 
depends on the delivery schedule of the Russians also, that we may not be able to 
predict exactly. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Understood, those are the questions from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Gandhi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Good afternoon. Sir, of the Rs. 2800 Crore of complete capex on the shipbuilding 
and ship repair side, how much of it is already done, segmentally? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
You are talking about the capex isn’t it? 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes, shipbuilding and ship repair both put together Rs. 2800 Crore, how much of it 
you have spent? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
The new dock  and new ship repair? 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Around Rs. 330 Crore totally. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
For both? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
For both put together. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
And, if I break this up Rs. 330 Crore into the new dock in the ISRF? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Just a minute. We will just come back. We are doing a double check on this. You 
are talking of the total figure cumulative that we spend on both the dry dock and 
the ISRF till now isn’t it? 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Perfect. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
We will revert. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
No problem Sir. My next question is what is our current ship repair order book? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
We normally wouldn’t have an exact order book on ship repair, but we would have 
a feel on the projects, which are coming in and just give us 10 minutes, let us do a 
double check with the ship repairs group and we will come back, but Q1 you will 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
see more of smaller value vessels because we have this MoU with Lakshadweep 
Development Corporation, so monsoon we take their vessels first because we also 
have an obligation to maintain their fleet, there are a few naval vessels lined up, 
so Rajesh is double checking the main ones and we will come back to you. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
No problem. Thank you so much. That was from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Bhatia an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Bhatia: 
My question was whether this company has been in competition with other 
shipyards to bid for submarines and if it is, I have read the reports that the project 
might go to Mazagon Dockyard on a nomination basis, can you comment on that? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
You are talking about the submarines isn’t it? 
Sanjay Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
We are not in a position to comment too much, but then all we know is that it is 
expected to be under the strategic partnership model. At a point of time, we also 
had this feel that it could go to Mazagon Dock on a nomination basis but now it 
looks like this may not be happening. We have our views on it, but then I am 
probably not in a position to comment,. 
Sanjay Bhatia: 
I just have two more questions, so one is on the couple of years ago Indian Navy 
had awarded four warships to L&T and Reliance Naval, but the contracts haven’t 
been signed this is regarding the warships landing platform dockyard? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
The landing platform docks have not been awarded, we are also keen on that 
project and to our understanding is that it has not been awarded, in fact the bids 
have not been opened. 
Sanjay Bhatia: 
There were some controversy a few months back, so do you see any possibility of 
any one of the warships coming to Cochin Shipyard? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
As I was just explaining, there are few RFPs from the Navy in-line, in fact there is 
quite a lot that is coming in this year. So, we would definitely expect we would bid 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
aggressively for some of this and the specific projects, which you are talking about 
on the LPD, our wish would be that it doesn’t go forward in its present Avatar and 
it gets retendered. 
Sanjay Bhatia: 
Thank you for shedding some light on the questions. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Just a minute Mr Sagar Gandhi, the total capex for both the project is totally Rs. 
570 crore as of March 31, 2019. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes Sir, I am on line. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
The capex spend  up to March 31st 2019 on the ISRF of ship repair is Rs. 273 Crore 
and dry dock Rs. 297 Crore,  totally Rs. 570 Crore. 
V.J. Jose: 
The current year target is Rs. 660 crore, but as I said it could go up a little bit. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes, Sir because roughly Rs. 1000 Crore or to be precise Rs. 980 Crore is for the ship 
repair facility, will the  ship repair facility become ready this year itself then? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Yes, ship repair facility is Rs. 970 Crore, but see that Rs. 970 Crore how it works out 
is there is a civil work part, which is a turnkey part, which we awarded to Simplex 
that is somewhere around Rs. 700 Crore and then the balance is we are handling it 
directly these are the few cranes, which we are in the process of procurement 
because these cranes are just buy and fit items, so Simplex part is Rs. 700 Crore, so 
whatever we are seeing and what Mr. Jose mentioned is Rs. 273 Crore which is 
part of what is gone to Simplex. 
Rajesh G: 
Mr. Gandhi just to clarify on your query on the ship repair order book. As we always 
say ship repair order book keeps happening progressively as and when enquiries 
come in we bid and it is a continuous process, but as we speak we have clear 
visibility on approximately Rs. 250 Crore out of which around close to  Rs. 180 crore 
to Rs. 200 crore would come from the defense and the remaining from the 
commercial side. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Thank you so much Sir. That was from my side. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant K from Pinaki Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashant K: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand basically what is the 
reason for the expected drop in the ship repair revenue, are there any specific 
reasons, which could be corrected and just adding onto that the ship repair facility, 
when it is expected to come on stream and what could be the impact within a year 
of  it  coming on stream? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
You were talking about the ship repair revenue drop like when I mentioned next 
year it would be Rs. 660 Crore is that what you are asking? 
Prashant K: 
Yes, that is it. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
IF  we are looking at FY2018, our ship repair turnover was Rs. 623 Crore and then 
the sharp increase we are seeing this year ie FY2019 is because of aircraft carrier, 
INS Vikramaditya with a revenue of  Rs. 485 Crore . Rs.485 Crore in five months’ 
time is really good as  typically Rs. 485 Crore project could go for about 18 months. 
So it was a high-intensity project, which came in and such projects do not come in 
always. So, next year we would not have the liberty of having a Vikramaditya. So 
that is why we are somewhere around Rs. 650 crore to Rs. 660 Crore. We will have 
a fair bit coming out of Mumbai operations, so it is Rs.660 crore  as per conservative 
estimate e as of now as we move forward we will update with you that information. 
Otherwise our ship repair is doing well. You had your second question regarding  
ISRF. ISRF, the original target was 2019 end, we are now 2020 around August. 
Prashant K: 
Sir, like this Rs. 650 Crore that you are talking about what would be from Mumbai, 
Hooghly, Kolkata port trust? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Kolkata port trust, we are not factoring anything over there, we will see it probably 
later into the year, but Mumbai Rs. 60 Crore could be slightly more also, but Rs. 60 
Crore. 
Prashant K: 
Ok that is at least and Hooghly? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
When we are talking Kolkata there are two things, which we are doing there . One  
is a subsidiary company which is for shipbuilding only. This is under construction, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
so there are no revenues expected. The other project in Kolkata, the ship repair 
operations, we expect to start around September of this year. However there is 
absolutely nothing in Kolkata.. We need to get a few systems correct, so hardly 
anything will come in may be Rs. 5 Crore to Rs. 6 Crore that is all we will see at least 
this financial year. 
Prashant K: 
So, that could mean that Cochin, present facility would be doing the ship repair 
revenue Rs. 580 Crore? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Something like that, it all depends on what we are bidding and we are looking at a 
few large projects also. If those projects come in may be, we will see a little bit 
more also. 
Prashant K: 
And with the ship repair facility on you are talking 70 vessels more. So, that could 
average about at the present price in constant price scenario that would add up to 
around another Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 400 Crore more annually? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
300ish, but then that would not happen in the first year itself, fully stabilized 
operations could be somewhere around the later part of the second year, but 
somewhere around Rs. 300 crore plus. 
Prashant K: 
So, we could be targeting around stable revenue of close to Rs. 1000 Crore in ship 
repairing? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Even Mumbai should be more, from Mumbai it is Rs. 60 crore as of now, but 
Mumbai should actually do more. So, ship repair we should like one and half years 
down the line, two years down the ,line, we should see it reaching a level of Rs. 
1200 crore plus. 
Prashant K: 
Rs. 1200 Crore plus and in  shipbuilding this 1% target on shipbuilding that 
Government of India is talking about under the Make in India does Cochin see 
anything happening on this because basically China, Japan, Korea which have 90%? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
We feel very positive with this new thing that is come in, unfortunately some of 
the shipping companies are taking Ministry of Shipping to court, but we feel even 
this JSW order, which we have taken there is a little bit of that aspect factored in 
because the vessel will be built in India even though JSW is building for their own 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
captive purpose. Iin case they have a requirement of a potentially good charter 
coming out, they could actually go for it and we feel strongly about the coastal 
shipping segment coming up in India, we are looking into that and our consultants 
are also talking to a few of the big time cargo owners in India. 
Prashant K: 
Are we going for any JV in the shipbuilding because LNG vessels in which Koreans 
are very strong, Are we going for any JV or anything of that sort? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
We are not yet ready for a JV at this stage, but then we are keeping all options 
open and you are right these are areas, which we are closely looking at, but we feel 
strongly that coastal and near-coastal vessels in India could actually see an uptrend  
again We now have a new government and if the policy is taken forward from 
where it was then I think it is positive. 
Prashant K: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jonas Bhutta; 
Just two or three more question, Sir, could you give us the breakup of the ship 
repair revenue for FY2019 broken up between defense and commercial? 
V.J. Jose: 
I don’t have readily available that information Jonas.  
Madhu S. Nair: 
Mr. Jose will send it to you bit later. 
Jonas Bhutta; 
Sir, my next question was the two new orders are RFPs that you highlighted from 
the coastguard and the Navy, what could be the potential size just a rough-cut 
number also? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
I can see semi submersible pontoon is around Rs. 450 Crore and the pollution 
control vessel are two numbers at Rs. 450 Crore each. 
Jonas Bhutta; 
Who could be typical participants in this particular tender? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
I think we would see Goa Shipyard, Hindustan Shipyard, Larsen & Toubro, I am not 
sure, I do not know other participants participating in this. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Jonas Bhutta; 
These projects typically have drawings given to you by the respective client or…? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
 Navy has got their DSP, Directorate of Ship Production, so these are directly 
procured, .This  is just like a commercial contract, the outline specification would 
have been given and then you design or you buy the design or whatever it is and 
then you build it and deliver, so it is straightforward turnkey sort of things. See the 
navy has got two methods of procurement; one is procurement like what I just now 
explained. The other one is, navy has Design Directorate in Delhi, designs a ship 
and then go to the shipyard for an offer. 
Jonas Bhutta; 
Sir, my third question was on I remember about two or three calls ago Mr. Rajesh 
had spoken about opportunities from this ONGC mobile offshore productions unit 
(MOPU) and which sort of there was a very big-ticket number that was given that 
if ONGC where to convert most of its things into MOPU. It could be officially line 
Rs. 20000 Crore kind of opportunity over a long period of time. What is the status 
of such project Sir? Has there been any moment in the last year or so even since 
we spoke about it? 
Rajesh G: 
Not really, right now there is no MOPU conversion actually coming up at least 
immediately, you are aware that a couple of MOPU conversions are already 
ordered by ONGC I do not believe those vessels have come in as of now. So, on the 
MOPU front specifically we do not see any immediate tender or opportunity 
coming up, but definitely we feel there are going to be lot of requirements that  
ONGC will need. So, they might definitely have such things under consideration, 
but  there is a rig revamp project that ONGC had tendered, we are participating, so 
that is what it is now, no major conversion right now tendered out or coming up 
from them. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Just to add on since we are talking about ONGC, See Cochin Shipyard has had ONGC 
as our top client about 15 years back , but after that there has been a total gap But 
it is after long while that we got the  vessel called Sagar Bhushan, which again met 
with this unfortunate accident. But considering the quality of work on Sagar 
Bhushan despite the accident,  even after the accident how we actually handled 
that vessel etc  ONGC brought in the next vessel, which is Sagar Vijay, which is 
actually sister vessel of Bhushan into the shipyard and we handled Sagar Vijay 
which was  delivered in good time.  it was delivered exactly on schedule In fact 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
there are discussions and ONGC feel that CSL and ONGC could work together much 
more strongly as we move forward, ., I am not sure whether it is MOPU conversion 
straight away, Sagar Vijay was a Rs. 30 Crore project, which we have executed this 
financial, so we are sensing much more opportunity with ONGC as we move 
forward because interactions with the senior team has been extremely positive. 
Jonas Bhutta; 
You did speak the new ISRF having a revenue potential of almost Rs. 300 Crore, but 
in a scenario where you are also setting up a unit, or you taking over the Andaman 
Nicobar dockyard that will free up space from the existing ship repair yard, could 
you just give us what is on your mind and how do you look to fill up the ISRF with 
the 70 odd ships that somebody else spoke about, what are you targeting in terms 
of market or there is already enough demand for those 70 ships, which you are not 
able to fulfill in the existing plant as of now that will give us slightly more 
confidence building in revenue from this field? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Andaman I will explain firstAndaman is more captive, where we are not looking at 
anything coming from outside .  Andaman has got about 84 vessels of various 
types, very small vessels to large vessels and we already have an MoU with them, 
so nine of the large vessels are being handled by us already in Cochin Shipyard, the 
other vessels handled in Andaman. Sso Andaman is of a captive demad , the 
business model is also very different, hopefully let us sign that agreement and then 
we will explain what the business model is, but say there are revenues from day 
one on that. That is how the Andaman model is. 
Jonas Bhutta; 
I meant that the ships that travel from Andaman to Cochin currently may now sort 
of start getting repaired at the dockyard that…? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
That wouldn’t happen because those nine vessels currently Andaman doesn’t have 
any infrastructure, it does not have a dock to take this nine vessels, so they got a 
set of vessels called the foreshore vessels, these are basically inter-island vessels 
between the islands of Andaman, they got 17 of those, which is currently being 
operated by Shipping Corporation of India. So, those are the vessels, which should 
be handled first. So, it is basically the foreshore vessels, these nine vessels are 
mainly the main land, island vessels, so these nine vessels will at least for some 
more time come to Cochin itself,.  Andaman is expanding their dry lock, again that 
expansion and how that expansion should happen is also being advised by Cochin 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Shipyard under this MoU. Now let us look at Mumbai and Cochin existing 
operations and Cochin ISRF. Presently we are letting go quite a lot of orders 
especially like let us say coastguard, the coastguard is almost say 200-vessel 
coastguard and the coastguard vessel, we are hardly handling anything. There is a 
major requirement and then all sorts of offshore, the smaller offshore vessels and 
all sorts of port vessels. So, the smaller vessels currently what is coming in Cochin 
Shipyard, for example this complete Lakshadweep vessels is being handled by the 
Cochin Main yard today. We may shift the entire Lakshadweep Vessel to the ISRF, 
once ISRF is completed .Mumbai already what we are seeing just five docking down 
the line is that there is  quite some demand. However things are yet to stabilize 
because each packet size is small, but we have also seen now larger size is coming 
to us, larger requirement coming to us. Just for your information Magazon Dock 
submarine was taken in the dock Wwe also handled a weapons grade warship 
which is  already in the dock and we also handled the ONGC’s multipurpose support 
vessel. So, different type of vessels are being handled in Mumbai, so the overall 
feel is between Cochin main yard, ISFR and  Mumbai there would be enough mix 
and match and from a marketing perspective, we are handling this altogether. 
Jonas Bhutta; 
Got it and lastly Sir, for the phase 3 of IAC, will you get an advance? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
There is no advance, but once we sign the contract we can take the money 
pertaining the Phase III work completed  by us without the contract. 
Jonas Bhutta; 
Got it. Thanks a lot Sir. Thank you. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kamal Vesaria from KM Vesaria 
Family Trust. Please go ahead. 
Kamal Vesaria: 
Could you throw some light on the IAC 2 with reference to the continuity of the 
same government,, where we stand now? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
That is a difficult question because we also do not have much of an information at 
this stage and I think it is a big ticket call, so we will have to really see some 
indications coming from the government, but in  our interactions with the Navy, 
the navy feels extremely confident that this will come through but the timing, I am 
not in a position to comment. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Kamal Vesaria: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sir, I just had one followup question, this Ind-AS impact that we have taken where 
revenue is higher by Rs. 35 Crore and expenses are lower by Rs. 5 Crore for this 
QTR, net impact of Rs.40 Crore on PBT has it entirely been done in Q4 and within 
segmental sales, how much has been adjusted under which head? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
No, that is for the whole year, impact is for the whole year. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
But that has been adjusted in the Q4 numbers, right? 
V J Jose: 
No, the entire amount has not been adjusted in the Q4, that has been adjusted 
over a period of time from Q1 because Ind-AS 115 we have introduced from Q1 
onwards, so some impact has happened in Q4, but only this time we have disclosed 
it separately. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Understood, so we should not look at the revenue minus Rs. 35 Crore? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
No, for the quarter. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And, second just a quick one on this Russian AFCs for the aircraft carrier , IAC, by 
when are they expected, because those will be large value items and the revenue 
is expected to spike after…? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
The thing is actually some of this we are already doing it now, but in the absence 
of a phase 3 contract signed we have recognized the revenue to the extent of cost 
booked and what Mr. Jose was explaining the moment we have the phase 3 
contract whatever work we have already done we will recognize revenue. So, you 
could actually see a spike when we sign the contract. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
I understood Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Vora from AUM Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Ronak Vora: 
Sir, can you just give me the timeline for the completion of the ISRF and dry dock? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
See, the ISRF rightly speaking the original schedule we had given was 2019 October, 
but now we are looking at 2020 around August. 
Ronak Vora: 
So, one year? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Yes, we had some difficulties in fact we are tiding over it and a little bit of delay 
from Simplex. We had ordered the ship lift from Germany and that has gone 
through some challenges because of some company takeover over there and, so 
again Simplex also faced some delays because of starting with the flooding and the 
monsoon then it was all slush they could not actually move forward plus certain 
other difficulties, but then we have pushed the deliveries today to 2020 August. 
,The dry dock is a 36 months contracted with  Larsen & Toubro and started in June 
2018, so June 2021 is where we have headed and currently as we are speaking it is 
on schedule. 
Ronak Vora: 
And the dry dock is on schedule, right? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Yes, dry dock is on schedule right now. 
Ronak Vora: 
And when do we see sign the phase 3 for IAC? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Let us say anytime now. It is at that level, all discussions are over, so it is just a final 
call and let us say two months something like that. 
Ronak Vora: 
So maybe the next conference call we will hear the good news? 
Madhu S. Nair: 
It is only a formality of going through, but then since the elections were around 
then like they could not take it forward. 
Ronak Vora: 
Okay. No problem. That is from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Madhu S. Nair: 
Thank you gentlemen. Thanks for all the questions and as we said we are pushing 
forward hard. There are some challenges here and there, but overall, it’s been a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
satisfying year. We have as you are aware like we do this MoU with the 
government every year. So, for the next year we have taken in MoU target, which 
is what I was talking like the topline should grow 12% to 14% and profit margins 
also consistent with what we have this year and we hope to keep you informed as 
we move forward, if there are any significant changes, plus or minus, but as we are 
speaking we are feel confident taking things forwards into FY2020. Thank you. 
Thanks for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Concept Investor 
Relations and Reliance Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Should you have any further 
questions you could send an email to gaurav.g@conceptpr.com. Thank you and 
have a good day. 
