 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
Q4 FY2019 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 28, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KETAN PATEL – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR - CREATIVE PERIPHERALS & 
DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 
 
 
MR. VIJAY ADVANI - WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR- CREATIVE PERIPHERALS & 
DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHIJIT KANVINDE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CREATIVE PERIPHERALS & 
DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Creative 
Peripherals & Distribution Limited Q4 FY2019 Earning Conference 
Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements 
are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ketan Patel, Managing 
Director, Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Ketan Patel: 
Good morning everyone. Welcome to Creative Peripherals & 
Distribution Limited’s earning conference call for the Q4 and year 
ended March 31st of the financial year 2018-2019. I would like to 
begin by expressing my gratitude to you all for taking the time to 
join us. On the call, with me today is Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde, our CFO 
and Mr. Vijay Advani, the Whole Time Director of the company and 
Bridge IR, our Investor Relations team. 
 
As we embark upon our new financial year, I would like to take you 
through our past journey and reflect upon the progress we have 
made since inception. I would like to put our performance in a 
strategic context and throw some light on the foundation we have 
been building for our company and the growth prospects in the near 
future. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Our company started as a small proprietary trading concern, named 
as Creative Computers with 10 employees back in 1992. Today with 
a pan India presence in about 26 locations and more than 3,200 
products and 5,000 distributors we have transformed into 
specialists in market entry, brand awareness, strategic marketing 
and distribution for global renowned brands. 
 
Our supply chain management is flexible and agile to adapt with the 
dynamically changing and growing consumer electronics market in 
India. Over the years, we have managed to stay ahead of the 
competition by being nimble footed and adapting deftly to all the 
changes that the evolving IT and consumer electronics industries 
constantly demand. It is our stated mission to evolve as an 
accomplished market specialist for experiential products/brands in 
India, Middle East and Southeast Asian markets. 
 
We are a market entry specialist for all new brands desiring to enter 
these regions and address all the three channels, online, retail, and 
general trade, along with on-ground execution of marketing 
strategies. Our value-added business model includes end-to-end 
solutions starting from market research and competition analysis 
for brands to recommending viability in the specific regions across 
India. To achieve this, we possess the required skill sets and 
experience along with adequate market intelligence. We prepare and 
regularly monitor strategic plans for market entry and penetration 
for the brands and their target segments. 
 
Further, our services extend to conducting presales and marketing 
activities for the success of the brand as well as to enable our 
channel partners to leverage their expertise. We are among the very 
few large players who conduct specialized training modules, events 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 4 of 15 
and promotional activities at the ground level with our channel 
partners. This is possible due to the skills, dedication and experience 
of our teams, which constantly track latest market developments to 
build a closer market connect. 
 
We work closely across channels including large format retail, e-
commerce and specialised retailer in all regions. We conduct regular 
workshops and demos for resellers with our dedicated corporate 
and retail sales teams. Our company’s wide range and superior 
logistics capabilities help us provide end-to-end service to 
customers including warranty and post warranty, high level repair 
services and response centres, among others. 
 
Currently, we have a strong long-term association with over 25 
globally renowned brands, which we categorize in four divisions, IT, 
Lifestyle, Imaging and Security products. In IT we offer a range of 
computer 
peripherals, 
printers, 
supplies 
(cartridges), 
PC 
components, storage and similar IT products. The wide spectrum of 
products from multiple vendors has helped our company to achieve 
economies of scale and provide customers a single sourcing point. 
We aim to maintain exclusive distribution agreements in terms of 
product, segments or regions. One of the key brands under this 
category is Honeywell, a fortune 50 company, with whom we have 
deep integration in terms of contract manufacturing and distribution 
across India and abroad. 
 
The Lifestyle segment has been changing rapidly. Consumer trends 
are now moving from utility oriented to experience oriented 
products. Our wide product range encompasses TVs, headphones, 
projectors, etc. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
In Imaging we offer a range of cameras, lenses, backpacks, imaging 
accessories, such as tripods etc. This category is growing 
aggressively as trends in photography change rapidly. Apart from 
setting up innovative distribution channels, we train employees and 
help clients develop content to give a whole package of experience to 
the end consumers. One of the key drivers in this segment is GoPro, 
which has seen tremendous user adoption in urban markets in India. 
 
In Security, we strive to cater to the growing needs and demands for 
security products and are expanding in that direction rapidly. We 
are evolving into a major player in this segment with exclusive 
agreements with global giants in this segment such as InVue. 
 
Our focus is on offering experiential products and enabling such 
brands to enter and establish in new markets. We continue to aim 
for higher operational efficiencies and adding high-margin value-
added products to our portfolio. Associations with Honeywell and 
GoPro are steps towards that direction. 
 
I would now like to take you through some key developments during 
FY2019. 
 
We entered into an agreement with Thermaltake Technology, a 
provider of gaming gear, computer hardware and mobile 
accessories, to distribute and market their products across the 
North, West and South regions in India. The agreement would give 
us right to distribute and market the Thermaltake, eSports and 
LUXA2 brands. This brand strengthens our Lifestyle product 
segment. Honeywell entered into an agreement with us where we 
design, package and do contract manufacturing of some of their 
products like connectivity and peripheral products under the 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Honeywell brand. The design ID for these products is owned by 
Creative Peripherals. The agreement is across India, SAARC and 
Middle East countries. Consequently, we also launched two new 
variants of Qi-certified Zest Wireless Chargers and we expect huge 
demand for such products in India and abroad. Honeywell also 
extended the trademark licensing agreement, which enables us to 
expand our product offerings to six new countries in Middle East – 
Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar and Kuwait. 
 
We renewed our exclusive agreement with GoPro to distribute their 
products in India. GoPro officially launched HERO 7 camera in three 
variants, HERO 7 Black, Silver and White, in India in October 2018, 
three days ahead of any other country outside APAC region. We 
received significant traction across e-commerce platforms, modern 
trade and photo specialist stores. The top most selling model HERO7 
Black received an overwhelming response selling 1,000 units in the 
first week on a popular e-commerce platform. 
 
We are also the sole and exclusive distributor for InVue security 
products across India. InVue has brand partnerships with Apple, 
Samsung, Google and Huawei in the US with a 75% market share. 
Demand for such security products is growing and our company 
expects to capitalize on this by entering this fast-growing product 
segment. We have bagged and successfully executed an order of 
InVue products of over USD $345,000 in the month of December 
2018. 
 
Additionally, our company entered into an agreement to sell and 
market Philips Digital signage products and Daewoo-MEPL LED TVs 
in India. We continue to focus on market penetration and 
distribution of experiential lifestyle products. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
I am also happy to share that the board of directors has approved 
the company’s migration from NSE SME Exchange to the NSE main 
board. We expect this move to provide the company a larger 
platform and visibility in the market and expand the foundation for 
future growth. We have already started this process and expect to 
complete the migration by Q2 FY2020. 
 
Furthermore, the board has recommended, subject to shareholders 
approval, a final dividend of Re. 0.50 per equity share of Rs.10 each 
for the financial year ended March 31, 2019. 
 
So from an overall business perspective this is all from my side. I will 
now hand it over to Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde, our CFO who will take you 
through the financial performance of the company for the Q4 and 
year ended March 31, 2019. Thank you. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: Thank you Sir and good morning to all the participants. I will share 
highlights of our financial performance after which we will be glad 
to respond to your queries. 
 
In the quarter ended March 2019, our company achieved net 
revenues of Rs. 114.19 Crores, which is year-on-year growth of 46% 
from Rs.78.16 Crores in the same quarter last year. This is mainly on 
account of strong growth driven by key business divisions of 
imaging and IT, and specially niche brands like GoPro and 
ViewSonic. 
 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 4.05 Crores in Q4 FY2019, an increase of 83% 
as compared to Rs. 2.21 Crores in Q4 FY2018, on the back of higher 
revenues and improved operational efficiencies. The profit after tax 
for the quarter is Rs. 2.32 Crores as compared to Rs. 0.9 Crores in Q4 
of FY2018. This represents a growth of 158% year-on-year. Our EPS 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 8 of 15 
in Q4 FY2019 stood at Rs.3.99 registering a growth of 156% as 
compared to Rs.1.56 in Q4 FY2018. 
 
Now I will turn to year ended March FY2019. Net revenues for 
FY2019 stood at Rs.370.71 Crores, a significant year-on-year growth 
of 48% from Rs.250.96 Crores in the previous financial year. This is 
mainly on account of strong growth driven by key business of 
imaging and IT, especially niche brands like GoPro and ViewSonic. 
 
EBITDA stood at Rs.13.2 Crores in FY2019, a rise of 76% as 
compared to Rs.7.51 Crores in FY2018. EBITDA margins were 
3.56%, an improvement of 57 basis points year-on-year, on account 
of increased contribution of high-margin value-added products in 
imaging and IT. The profit after tax for FY2019 is at Rs.5.75 Crores 
as compared to Rs.2.89 Crores in FY2018. This represents a growth 
of 99% year-on-year. 
 
Our EPS in FY2019 stood at Rs.9.91, registered a growth of 97.41% 
as compared to Rs.5.02 in FY2018. This is all from my side. Now we 
can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. We take the first question from the 
line of Mehul Savla from RW Equities. Please go ahead. 
Mehul Savla: 
Good morning. Just wanted to check we’ve seen lot of other 
companies’ results where there is lot of talk about liquidity 
impacting the channel; but your company has shown strong growth. 
So what is the current situation or is that you have outgrown the 
industry? 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Ketan Patel: 
One of your assumptions that liquidity impacted the last year is true 
because lot of NBFC funding had stopped. One of the advantages for 
us is that we were catering to companies which were well funded 
like Amazon,  Flipkart and the modern retail where lot of investment 
has been coming. That is why we have been able to outgrow the 
industry, but otherwise overall liquidity was an issue in the general 
trade or the traditional retailers as we got it. 
Mehul Savla: 
So do you see any change coming there or do you think there is now 
a kind of secular shift from traditional channel to the more modern 
and online format? 
Ketan Patel: 
No, it depends upon what kind of products do you distribute or you 
sell to the channel. Right now the whole market is moving towards 
uni-commerce platform where the customer would be able to 
experience the product in the general channel or the retail channel 
and may buy it from there or may buy online or go to the modern 
retail and buy it; so brands are constantly working that how they 
amalgamate all the three channels and so the future would be that 
brands would either have differentiated products or brands would 
have differentiated model in amalgamating the general trade also. So 
the shift in India per say would take sometime but with the Internet 
penetration and with the addition of the CDE class cities on the e-
commerce platform it would be 40-60 kind of mix, 40% may go to 
the e-commerce and 60% may remain with the channel, the channel 
will not get affected because the consumer is in overall is increasing 
in India to a larger extent. 
Mehul Savla: 
Thank you and all the best. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Jain from 
Ertiga Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Neha Jain: 
Sir I would like to know what is the revenue breakup for four 
divisions that we have? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: For FY2019 the IT peripheral was at 53%, the Imaging was at 43%, 
Lifestyle was at 3% and Security was at 1% that was a rough 
breakup up of the total revenue. 
Neha Jain: 
What are our top five distributors? 
Ketan Patel: 
Neha the top 5 brands, which we distribute? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: The first brand in Imaging is obviously GoPro, the second we can say 
is Samsung, third is ViewSonic and fourth AOC you can say, fifth is 
Rapoo. 
Neha Jain: 
Also Sir we see a decline in the GoPro market so overall the GoPro 
market, so how do we see it impacting our business? 
Ketan Patel: 
Neha very good question. GoPro has traditionally 75% market share 
in the $300 plus action camera worldwide; these brands first they 
usually penetrate US then they go to Europe then they go to the 
Asian countries and then in Asia later they come to India. So 
currently if you see India, we would do this year close to $15 million 
income of sales, but Japan this year has some $66 million in sales for 
GoPro. Korea this year has done 40 million of sales in terms of GoPro 
if you go to Thailand, Thailand has done 30 million of sales. So there 
are two things, the adaptation for product like GoPro is now just 
catching up in India, so I think for another five to six years GoPro has 
a very good future in India that is the first part, second is these 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 11 of 15 
brands very clever in terms of tweaking their market offerings when 
they come to Asia. So for US it was always adventure sports, when 
they came to Asia, it is all about capturing things differently, 
capturing your travel, capturing your family moments and with the 
increase in the Internet penetration and with the increase in the 
millennial I think GoPro has another 7 to 8 years with the existing 
product and in technology you never know they will get another 
new product which would just take them up. So GoPro has a great 
future at least for the Asian market for the next five to six years. 
Neha Jain: 
Sir in terms of GoPro is there any other product which can be a 
competitor? 
Ketan Patel: 
In terms of GoPro fortunately they do not have a competition 
because GoPro has already developed a platform so GoPro is not a 
camera actually they say they are content capturing and content 
sharing platform so their quick story is one platform where you can 
take photos and share it on the Instagram directly and with the new 
generation of the influencers, there are lot of people who want to 
create their own content so right now GoPro has an unparalleled 
market share and currently we do not see any camera companies 
competing with GoPro. GoPro tried to do the same thing with the 
drone, but in drone when they found that DJI had the same market 
share as GoPro had in camera, they as a company decided to not to 
be in the drone segment; so I think GoPro is going to consolidate on 
the camera segment and right now they do not have anybody. 
Neha Jain: 
I mean Sir going forward how many brands we target to distribute 
their products in India? 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Ketan Patel: 
There are a few of key criteria as a company, which we have decided 
when we take up a brand. Whenever we take up a brand for 
distribution in India, the brand has to be the number one or number 
two in the world, second we see as a company if we can do any value 
addition to that brand because we clearly understand that if we take 
any brand which is just box to box moving that relationship will not 
last for a longer period. So if we can value-add to a brand then only 
we take the brand distribution. So usually the criteria is that in a 
year we evaluate 10 to 12 brands and it could be either we would 
have identified the brands or the brands would have heard from the 
retail or from somewhere and come to us and from there we would 
take two to three brands. So currently we are discussing with the 
couple of brands in the IOT and robotics space, which we would like 
to offer to the Indian consumers and of course we always see that 
whether our skills sets are there or we will have to develop the skill 
set to get that. So that is I think in the coming year we would add 
another 2 brand or 3 brands max. 
Neha Jain: 
Okay Sir in terms of timeframe so once you start any discussion with 
the brand so what is the timeframe which we decide on, so how it is 
and what are the terms and conditions and negotiations which 
happen, between Creative and the brand? 
Ketan Patel: 
So usually the timeframe is between 3 and 4 months whenever we 
start a discussion with the brands. American brands they think very 
differently, and they think whole world is like America so if they get 
the Indian perspective right then they may have to tweak their 
market offering for the Indian consumers. So if they can tweak that 
offering to the Indian consumer and then if they have a strategy, say 
for example when we started GoPro for the first six months we 
never went to retail because there was no India-specific content 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 13 of 15 
available. So for the first six months we only engaged with close to 
20 evangelist or influencers as we call, and we got the India-specific 
content developed. Then we deployed close to 200 point of sales in 
Reliance stores because if you want to sell premium product then 
you need to give premium experience to the consumer, and then we 
trained close to 1,000 people, shop floor guys so that when the 
consumer asks a question they are answered properly. But GoPro 
was ready to walk this mile. So whenever we will talk to a brand 
usually we will give them a go-to market strategy which will work 
for India, if they are aligned to walk that strategy then that is the 
way we will go with the brands. So lot of brands are not very gung-
ho, they may say that we will not give you exclusive right for India. 
And we ask for exclusive rights is not that we want higher margins, 
but we want to protect our hard work because usually it happens 
that if you do not have exclusive rights you build a brand for year or 
year-and-half and then somebody else takes over that. So lot of 
brands have this apprehension of not giving exclusive right to India. 
So yes, if all our check box ticks that we get exclusive, the brand is 
ready to work on GTM and wants to invest also in the India market 
plus if they have long-term horizon then we would take that brand. 
Also we would see that if the brand has a growth potential, so for 
example when we find the Honeywell license, so we check whether if 
we put our brand name how much extra margin we get and when we 
put a Honeywell brand name on the products we design how much 
extra margin you get. Will the Honeywell brands resonate in Asia 
very well, will the Honeywell brand resonate in Middle East very 
well and we found that the Honeywell brand will get us much higher 
premium when we go to the Middle East that is what one the 
selecting criteria when we took up Honeywell. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Neha Jain: 
So you are talking about the manufacturing of Honeywell products, 
right? 
Ketan Patel: 
We do contract manufacturing for Honeywell. We clearly 
understand that still we do not have strength in manufacturing, so 
Honeywell have got identified close to 27 factories across the world 
which is audited because it is a Fortune 50 company, so it does not 
want any child labour, it wants insurance for everybody then it 
should have fire safety rules, all that, so this 27 factories Honeywell 
has identified, so we usually work with a few of these factories and 
get contract manufactured our product. 
Neha Jain: 
And Sir one more last question in terms of revenue growth and a 
PAT growth how do we see ourselves in the next five years? 
Ketan Patel: 
Okay, so Abhijit would answer that. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: Right now the current financial year I can talk about and the current 
financial we are looking at a topline of more approximately between 
Rs.500 Crores and Rs.515 Crores that is on topline, and we expect an 
EBITDA margin of approximately 4.5% and the PAT margin between 
1.75% and 1.8%, in that, that is for the current financial year 
(FY2019-20). Going forward next five years by 2020, I will talk about 
2021, by 2021 we expect to be Rs.900 to Rs.1000 Crores topline 
company. 
Neha Jain: 
So from FY2020 you are targeting Rs.500 Crores and FY2021 you 
are targeting 100% growth? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: That is what we are targeting. 
Ketan Patel: 
Because Middle East would have started for us. 

 
 
 
      Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
May 28, 2019 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Neha Jain: 
So that will come in FY2020 or FY2021? 
Ketan Patel: 
The sales in Middle East would start from this FY2019-2020, so we 
would have our launch for this product somewhere in July or August 
and we think that that will add substantially to our turnover and 
with the Honeywell we can piggybank on getting brands like GoPro 
for Middle East or some other brands, which we are distributing 
already in India. 
Neha Jain: 
That is all from my side and all the best Sir. 
Ketan Patel: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Well ladies and gentlemen, that seems to the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ketan Patel for 
his closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Ketan Patel: 
I thank the entire team of Creative for their untiring effort, hard 
work, sincerity and dedication. Also, I appreciate all of you for 
participating in our conference call. Please do get in touch with our 
IR team for any other further questions. Thank you so much. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Creative 
Peripheral & Distributions Limited we conclude today’s conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines now. 
