
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
1 
 
 
Transcript 
 
Q4FY19 and FY19 Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
: 
6th May 2019, 11:30 AM IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 
28 minutes 24 secs 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Company Participants: 
 
o Mr. Rajesh Sharma – Managing Director 
o Mr. Ashok Agrawal – Head - Accounts, Finance, Tax and Compliance 
o Mr. Ashish Gupta – Chief Financial Officer 
o Mr. Rahul Ojha – Vice President, Strategy 
 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen.  I am Priyanka, 
moderator for the conference call.  Welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited’s Q4FY19 
Earnings conference call hosted by Go India Advisors.  At this moment, all participants 
are in listen-only mode.  Later, we will conduct the question and answer session.  At that 
time, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Please 
note this conference is recorded.  I would now like to hand over the floor to Ms. Tanya 
Khosla from Go India Advisors.  Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
 
Tanya Khosla: 
Thank you, Priyanka.  Good morning everybody and 
welcome to Capri Global Capital’s earnings call to discuss the FY19 earnings.  In order 
to discuss the same, we have on the call Mr. Rajesh Sharma, Managing Director, Mr. 
Ashok Agarwal, Head-Finance, Accounting, Taxation and Compliance, Mr. Ashish 
Gupta, CFO, and Mr. Rahul Ojha, Vice President of Corporate Strategy.  We must 
remind you that this discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company 
faces.  May I now request Mr. Rajesh Sharma to take us through the company’s 
business outlook and financial highlights, after which we can open the floor for Q&A.  
Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yeah, thank you.  Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and 
thank you for joining us on Q4FY19 and FY19 earnings call.  I trust that you have had a 
look at our presentation and hence I have a brief overview about our FY19 results.  I am 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
2 
happy to say that despite a challenging environment, we have delivered on our stated 
strategy and met our growth guidance.  I would like to give you brief update on our FY19 
performance. 
 
During FY19, our loan book grew by 45% to INR 41 billion as against INR 28 billion in 
FY18.  Profit after tax for the year was INR 1.35 billion, an increase of almost 109% as 
against our stated guidance of a 30% growth.  Despite achieving a strong loan book 
growth, we have managed to maintain a strict control on the quality of our book.  I am 
happy to report that we continue to maintain an industry leading GNP of 1.47%.  For the 
same period, our net NPA adjusted for 90 days DPD were lower at 0.53% as against 
previous year of 1.32%.  We have consistently remained cautious about short term 
assets and liability mismatches by insuring optimally matched balance sheets.  We have 
a strong balance sheet with enough sufficient capital adequacies to support strong future 
growth.  As of FY19, our capital adequacy stood at 34.2%.  I will now briefly touch upon 
our key business segments and the growth outlook there. 
 
Starting with MSME segment, which forms over 48% of our loan book, we have a very 
strong foothold in MSME segment and the same can be seen from our performance over 
the last few years.  Our MSME book has grown 8 times in last seven years.  We 
continue to maintain strong yields in this segment, over 15% of our NPA in this 
segments are one of the lowest in the industry.  MSME segment in India is growing 
strong at over 20%, however still over 40% of MSME are outside of formal credit, and 
that really is our target audience and that offers a very good opportunity.  We have 
developed low pricing systems and processes to assess financial profile of the audience, 
which has helped us maintain our asset quality despite a strong growth profile.  Now, 
MSME FY20 outlook is really strong.  This segment will continue to be the key growth 
driver for our future growth.  We plan to grow in this segment through both geographical 
expansion and productivity enhancement. 
 
I would now discuss the housing finance segment, which will be the next big component 
of our book.  As most of you would be aware, we started the housing finance segment in 
2016; it has delivered a strong growth in the last two years.  Our book has almost 
doubled in the last two years and currently stands at INR 7.9 billion.  Our focus remains 
affordable housing customer in tier 2 and tier 3 cities.  The average ticket size in this 
segment is 1 million and the average LTV in the portfolio is 45%.  We are extremely 
stringent about the quality of the property and the purchase must be for self-stay only.  In 
our housing finance book, we have the entire portfolio of housing finance loan.  There is 
no LAP portfolio; neither there is any construction finance sitting in our housing finance 
books.  We are strategically focused in this segment, we believe there will be a strong 
push for affordable housing in the coming years and we are targeting loan book growth 
of 75% in FY20.  We are enabling smart use of technology in software and providing 
mobility solutions to our relationship managers having already done that for our 
collection purpose. 
 
I will very briefly cover the construction finance business.  During the year, we have 
become extremely cautious on the segment.  Our book grew nominally at 28%.  Our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
3 
asset quality remains very strong with GNPA of 0.14% which has driven by the 
granularity of our construction loan book and strict credit appraisal loan.  Our average 
ticket size in construction finance is about 8 crore per order.  We will be approaching this 
segment cautiously and we will be targeting a nominal growth of 25% next year. 
 
FY20 outlook, we are confident of a strong business prospect in MSME and Housing 
Finance business segment.  We have the balance sheet strength to move to a high 
growth trajectory and will be targeting an AUM growth of 50% in FY20. 
 
CGCL 5-year vision continues to remain an AUM of INR 25,000 crore with portfolio 
yields at 12% to 15% in each segment.  In order to achieve this goal, we aim to reach a 
target of 230 plus branches over the next five years as well as diversify into a few new 
but safe lending lines.  I would now like to open the floor for the questions. 
 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.  If you would like to 
withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again.  I repeat, ladies and 
gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. 
 
The first question comes from Raghav Kabra from Excel Investment.  Please go ahead. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Good morning sir and congratulations for the good set of 
numbers.  I have two questions, first question is what kind of adjustments you have 
made in regards to financial statements now that your profitability have significantly 
impacted for FY18 as compared to the accounting done vis-à-vis with GAAP. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
And second question is? 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
I will ask second question after this. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, as per the IND-AS, which is introduced first time, as per 
the new accounting guidelines, there were certain risk-related adjustment and guidance 
on the risk probability were adjusted in the books.  Accordingly, the profit which was 104 
crores last year was re corrected to 66 crore rupees in the consolidated basis.  The main 
assessment for fair value for our investment, which we are holdings of CARE , the rating 
agency and there were some processing fees, which you cannot account at one go now, 
it is aligned with the tenure, it is amortized over the period of tenure of the loan.  So, that 
got amortized and their expected credit loss account adjustment amounting to 6 crore 
rupees.  So, ECL loss of 6 crore rupees amortized, the fees of 12 crore rupees, and fair 
value of CARE shares, combination of all three have resulted, this is one time, so the 
next year onwards this will be in line with IND-AS and that was the result that the profit 
was resurrected at lower level for 2018. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
4 
Raghav Kabra: 
Okay, sir, fine.  And the second question I wanted to ask is, 
what can be the expected cost to income ratio moving forward, given the fact that you 
are projecting high growth.  Can you also throw some light on productivity of employees 
now and moving forward how it will impact? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yeah.  So, cost to income ratio this year will be around 44% 
in FY19.  We, because, since we are opening more new branches, already we have 
head office and regional level teams in place; that will gradually keep bringing down our 
cost to income ratio.  We are hoping that by 2023 our cost to income ratio gradually will 
come to about 33%. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Can we expect moving forward that the cost to income ratio 
will gradually keep on going down or if there will be any up movement in that thing? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, cost to income ratio will continuously go down.  Logically 
what happens, when you set up a regional team, you employ the same number of 
people irrespective of whether you have seven branches, or you have 30 branches. 
When you add more branches, the volume and the feeding, the disbursement increases, 
but there is no pro rata cost increase.  So, efficiency and cost of operation on a scale 
basis will bring down the cost to income ratio.  This year also it has come down.  We 
expect next year also to come down another 4% to 5% and gradually we aim to reach to 
33-34%. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Okay sir.  That’s all from my side. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Next question comes from Pankaj Shah, 
individual investor.  Please go ahead. 
 
Pankaj Shah: 
Yeah, hello, good morning. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yeah, morning. 
 
Pankaj Shah: 
I would like to understand that what’s the need for raising 
money through diluting equity by rights or by QIP, because we have lot of room to raise 
more debt, as we have debt equity of 1.5 and capital adequacy of 35.  So, if you can 
explain. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
These are enabling resolution.  It is not that immediately we 
would like to raise the money but may be nine months from now or 10 months from now, 
when the time becomes opportunistic, rather than waiting for the capital adequacy to go 
down to 20% and then raise the money.  It is more of looking at the right opportunity and 
raise the money.  And number 2, there can be some good opportunity coming in our way 
where we can consider to acquire some of the good NBFCs. While there is no such 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
5 
opportunity today available, but in case available, at least we are better equipped 
capital-wise, that we can negotiate a deal and close it. 
 
Pankaj Shah: 
So, we are looking for the opportunity inorganically also. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, we are open to that…not that we are aggressively 
looking for, but the way small capital-based companies are finding it difficult to pave the 
way, I think, smaller companies might sooner or later get consolidated with the 
companies who are well-capitalized.  So, we can see that phase to start in next six 
months to two years’ time and this proposal will only enable us to raise the money.  We 
are not going to raise in next three to six months, but we will see. 
 
Pankaj Shah: 
Okay.  The other question is, what’s the status of our other 
subsidiaries, like Capri Resources, Capri ARC? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, now, we will be continuing this company, only two 
businesses, one is lending to MSME and another housing finance through subsidiary all 
other subsidiaries will be merged in the main company and there will be no other 
businesses of ARC or anything else. 
 
Pankaj Shah: 
Okay.  I would like to understand another thing, what’s our 
turnaround time with regards to different businesses, as in, for housing finance and for 
the MSME? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
You mean from receiving the application to disbursal. 
 
Pankaj Shah: 
Yeah, 
response 
from 
customer 
loan 
request 
till 
disbursement. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
If customer is able to provide all the details, which we require 
in time, on an average within 15 days we can, from the application received we can 
disburse the loan.  But his paper work should happen, that will depend on the turnover 
from the customer as well. 
 
Pankaj Shah: 
Okay, that’s it from my side.  Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  I repeat, ladies and 
gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  
Next question comes from Shraddha Gandhi, individual investor.  Please go ahead. 
 
Shraddha Gandhi: 
Hi sir, good morning.  Hi, am I audible? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Hi, good morning. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
6 
Shraddha Gandhi: 
Yeah.  Sir, as I can see, your borrowing is inclined towards 
bank lending and not too much exposure to CDs, NCDs or any other sources.  So, just 
want to understand, for such a high growth being projected, what can be the borrowing 
mix be going forward and also if you can tell me, if you are looking to raise any other 
funds through securitization? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Next year the entire borrowing program will be comprised of 
raising term loans from the banks, along with the securitization of our pool.  These will 
be two main source of raising the money.  Besides we are also in discussion, where we 
got some initial sanction of external commercial borrowing, so that window also should 
open this year.  So, we believe that we are quite comfortable.  We have almost about 20 
lenders who have given us repeated sanctions.  We should be able to raise the long-
term money from banks. 
 
Shraddha Gandhi: 
Okay.  And sir, what would be your outstanding unutilized 
banking limit as of now? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We have about 250 crores of unutilized and since the 
bankers were waiting for our financial results to come, now we will be approaching 
banks.  In another two months we should be able to raise almost 800 to 1000 crore 
rupees by way of securitization and fresh term loans.  So, raising money because of our 
consistent profitability, low ticket size, good asset quality, and good capital adequacy, we 
will not face any problem in raising the required term loans and borrowings to support 
the growth. 
 
Shraddha Gandhi: 
Sir, I had one more question.  In terms of strategy going 
ahead, what would be the portfolio mix in terms of overall book. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, on a consolidated basis, we believe that 50% will be 
MSME, 25% will be housing finance, and 25% will be comprising of construction finance 
and indirect retail. 
 
Shraddha Gandhi: 
Okay.  So, in that sense, CF business is coming down, why, 
given the fact that your asset quality is str, how do we plan to address this? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Sorry, your voice was breaking; can you repeat it again, 
please? 
 
Shraddha Gandhi: 
Sure.  Sir, in terms of you were mentioning that your CF 
business will be around 25%, which means it is kind of coming down? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
It is not coming down.  Consciously we are growing more 
focused on MSME when we are adding more branches.  The growth keeps coming from 
there more.  We will continue to do the same way we are doing.  But since the MSME 
portfolio is growing, and construction finance average period is only three to four years.  
So, that portfolio rundowns also faster, when the MSME runs down gradually.  So, when 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
7 
you grow the book, MSME book will always grow better and faster than construction 
finance. 
 
Shraddha Gandhi: 
Okay.  That was very helpful, especially the last explanation.  
Thank you so much sir. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Next question comes from Dr. Ajit Kaushal, 
an individual investor.  Please go ahead. 
 
Dr. Ajit Kaushal: 
Good afternoon everybody.  My question is that in the past 
two years, Capri Global has opened many branches.  So, may I know that, what is the 
plan of the Capri Global to open the branches in next five years maybe? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
As you can check it in our presentation also, we will increase 
our branches to 235.  2021 we will open branches in southern market also, Southern 
India. 
 
Dr. Ajit Kaushal: 
Sir, is it a strategic decision taken by Capri Global that no 
branches are coming to Eastern India,  Do you plan to expand even in Eastern India? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
At the moment, we do not have any plan to expand in 
Eastern India. 
 
Dr. Ajit Kaushal: 
Okay, thank you so much.  It was very helpful. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Next question comes from 
Mandip Singh.  Please go ahead. 
 
Mandip Singh: 
Hello, good morning everyone.  I have two questions.  One is 
that, there is a dip in the employee benefit expenses on quarter-on-quarter basis.  Can 
you give the reason for that? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
There were some ESOP-related expenses debited in one 
particular quarter, so that was the reason that one quarter, last quarter was up, and this 
quarter has come back to normalcy. 
 
Mandip Singh: 
There is no attrition rate in the employee? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, the employees keep growing because we are adding 
more branches. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
8 
Mandip Singh: 
Okay and second question is what is the cost of fund for 
FY19 and the future ahead for the cost of fund? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
The future cost of fund is going to be in the range, looking at 
the current scenario, in the range of about 10%. 
 
Mandip Singh: 
Okay.  And the third question from my side is, is there any 
plan for the parent company Capri to go for increasing the stake in the company and 
getting the company delisted from the market? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I am sorry; can you repeat it again please? 
 
Mandip Singh: 
Is there any plan of the parent company Capri to increase 
the stake in the company and getting the stock delisted from the market? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, no.  Absolutely not. 
 
Mandip Singh: 
Okay, thanks a lot from my side. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Next question comes from Aalok Shah from 
Monarch Networth.  Please go ahead. 
 
Aalok Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity.  A couple of questions on my 
side.  You have talked about increasing your branch leads to 165 in ’21 and 235 in ’23.  
Would you give some colour on how do we look to penetrating into our existing areas at 
present and what are the new targeted geographies that we want to grow our business 
and what all products do we look to sell in those markets? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
What happens, when we open one region, we set up the 
team, we have already added MP and Rajasthan, so one state has the potential of 40 to 
50 branches.  So, when you grow, first you start by putting the regional team, regional 
legal, regional technical, regional sales, regional credit, regional operation, and we build 
the entire team, then in first year we add five to 10 branches, then every year keep 
adding the branches, because this business requires lot of local understanding.  So, 
once we grow, there is a lot of scope existing to grow the branches in MP and 
Rajasthan.  Further to add in Maharashtra and Gujarat.  And then we are going to open 
southern markets also, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, and Andhra Pradesh.  These are the 
three states which also has a lot of potential. 
 
Aalok Shah: 
So, that’s the plan that we look to do in the near term, in 
FY21 and maybe the longer term, which is FY23?  Is that right sir? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, you are right. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
9 
Aalok Shah: 
And sir, on the incremental cost of borrowings for us, what’s 
the change in cost that has happened for us, say between September to now and are we 
seeing that cost stabilizing? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, from September to now, earlier the cost had gone up by 
about 75 basis, but if you look at our spread, we are able to pass on the entire cost plus 
additional cost, because there was less competition in the market, and that has enabled 
us to, not only pass on our cost, but also add some more margin.  So, our spread this 
year, if you have seen, have improved from 4.93% to 5.73%. 
 
Aalok Shah: 
Yeah, the margin spread has seen an improvement on YOY 
basis.  Sir, my question is on the borrowing side.  You have talked about close to 800 to 
1000 odd crores of ability to raise funds through banks and securitization route.  What’s 
the target for FY20 disbursement number?  I mean, will we see 3000 crore disbursement 
this year.  Should that be a number closer to 3000 crore next year? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Next year, disbursement will happen basically, whatever 
fresh disbursement we will do, and the repayment comes.  So, from the funding 
perspective, next year requirement of the fund will be in the range of 2000 crores.  And 
we are quite confident that we will be able to raise that kind of money. 
 
Aalok Shah: 
Okay, right.  And would you like to give some number for 
your disbursement target for next year?  Or should we just go with the AUM target? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, this is a different target already given, if you look at our 
presentation also, it is mentioning about 3000 crores will be the fresh disbursement, 
1000 crores will be repayment.  So, net disbursement will be happening 2000 crore. 
 
Aalok Shah: 
Noted sir, sure.  That’s it sir.  Thank you.  I will get into the 
queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  I repeat, ladies and 
gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  
There are no further questions.  Now, I hand over the floor to the management for 
closing comments.  Over to you sir. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes.  Thank you so much.  So, looking at the segment, in 
which we are operating which is MSME and Housing Finance, we see this is a huge 
growth potential.  We have already aligned our entire credit underwriting, our legal team, 
our technical team, our local understanding of each geography, because in our 
business, besides the pan India policy, the local policies also play an important role.  We 
are quite confident in next four years’ time, we should be able to reach our growth target 
of 235 branches, and reaching to an AUM of 25000 crore, where our profitability will also 
be pro rata based and it will be grown to almost crossing 500 crore amount.  So, we 
believe, we are quite excited about our journey and we are quite confident to maintain a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript – Capri Global Capital Limited Conference Call 
 
10 
healthy asset quality because of our secured lending as well as our understanding of the 
markets which we acquired.  Thank you so much.  Thank you all of you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the 
conference for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha’s 
conference call service.  You may disconnect your lines now.  Thank you and have a 
pleasant day. 
_____________________________________________________________________ 
 
Disclaimer : This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other 
inaccuracies. This transcript is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Capri 
Global Capital Ltd./Go India Advisors retains all rights to this transcript and provides it solely for your 
personal, non-commercial use. Capri Global Capital Ltd./Go India Advisors, its suppliers and third-party 
agents shall have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, 
incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or 
use of such transcript. Neither the information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a 
solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript 
does not necessarily reflect the views of Capri Global Capital Ltd./ Go India Advisors. 
 
