BLUE STAR 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 500067 
May 16, 201 9 
Dear Sirs, 
• 
=:=;:-7 
PLATINUM 
~ JUBILEE 
Blue Star Limited 
Band Box House, 4th Floor, 
254 D, Dr Annie Besant Road, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India. 
T: +91 22 66544000 
F : +91 22 6654 4001 
www.bluestarindia.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 , Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Symbol : BLUEST ARCO 
Sub: Earning Call Transcript- Q4 FY19 and FY19 
With reference to our letter dated April 24, 2019, and pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Earning 
Call Transcript pertaining to 04 FY19 and FY19 Financial Results of the Company. 
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the website of the Company 
www.bluestarindia.com 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Blue Star Limited 
c;.,, Vijay Devadiga 
1.7 Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
Registered Office: Kasturi Buildings, Mohan T Advani Chowk, Jamshedji Tata Road, 
Mumbai 400 020, India. T: +91 22 6665 4000 F: +91 22 6665 4152. 
CIN: L 28920MH1949PLC 006870 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Blue Star Limited 
Q4FY19 & FY19 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 3, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEERAJ BASUR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Blue Star Limited Q4 FY2019 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us today from the management, Mr. Neeraj Basur – Group 
CFO. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on 
your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Neeraj Basur. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Neeraj Basur: 
Thank you. Good morning ladies and gentlemen, this is Neeraj Basur.  I will be providing 
you an overview of the results for Blue Star Limited for the quarter and the year ended 
March 2019. First, I will cover financial highlights for FY19. 
Effective April 1, 2018, the Company has adopted Ind AS 115 and accordingly, has 
realigned its revenue recognition policies appropriately. The accounting changes have been 
applied with retrospective effect to each of the prior reporting periods presented. The 
Company has opted for a full retrospective approach in view of the seasonal nature of its 
business. The impact on revenue and profit was not material for the full year FY18. 
Following are the financial highlights of the Company for the year ended Mar 31, 2019 on a 
consolidated basis: 
 
 
-Revenue from operations for FY19 was Rs 5234.84 cr, as compared to Rs 4648.13 cr in 
FY18, a growth of 12.6%.  
 
 
-EBIDTA (excluding other income and finance income) for FY19 was Rs 346.54 cr as 
compared to Rs 265.90 cr in FY18, a growth of 30.0%.   EBIDTA (excluding other income 
and finance income) as a percentage of revenue was 6.6% in FY19 compared to 5.7% in 
FY18. 
 
 
-PBT before exceptional items grew by 30.6% to Rs 248.46 cr in FY19 as compared to Rs 
190.30 cr in FY18.  PBT before exceptional items as a percentage of revenue was 4.7% for 
FY19 and 4.1% for FY18.  
 
 
-Tax expense for FY19 was Rs 41.99 cr as compared to Rs 49.42 cr in FY18.  
 
 
-Consequently, consolidated net profit for FY19 increased to Rs 190.06 cr from Rs 143.96 
cr in FY18, a growth of 32.0%. 
 
 
-Carry-forward order book as at Mar 31, 2019 was Rs 2430.07 cr as compared to Rs 
2015.11 cr as at Mar 31, 2018, a growth of 20.6%.  

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
-Capital employed increased marginally to Rs 1121.51 cr as on Mar 31, 2019 from Rs 
1088.96 cr as on Mar 31, 2018 to support growth led increased working capital 
requirements. 
 
 
-Working capital remained tightly managed despite challenging business environment. 
Consequently, net borrowings reduced to Rs 246.62 cr as on Mar 31, 2019 from Rs 294.71 
cr as on Mar 31, 2018 
 
 
-Our debt to equity ratio improved to 0.3 as on Mar 31, 2019 as compared to 0.4 as on Mar 
31, 2018. 
I will now talk on business highlights for FY19: 
Segment-I: Electromechanical Projects and Packaged Air Conditioning Systems: 
 
 
Segment I revenue was Rs 842.31 cr in Q4 FY19 as compared to Rs 698.66 cr in Q4 FY18, 
a growth of 20.6%. Segment result was Rs 36.29 cr (4.3%) in Q4 FY19 as against Rs 31.80 
cr (4.6%) in Q4 FY18. 
 
 
In FY19, segment revenue was Rs 2748.11 cr as against Rs 2361.07 cr in FY18, a growth of 
16.4%. Segment result was Rs 150.85 cr (5.5%) in FY19 compared to Rs 121.96 cr (5.2%) 
in FY18. Order inflow in FY19 was Rs 2951.98 cr as compared to Rs 2490.98 cr in FY18, a 
growth of 18.5%. 
Electro-Mechanical Projects business: 
 
 
We achieved a notable revenue growth both in FY19 and in Q4 FY19 in a competitive 
market. Our superior project delivery through intelligent engineering, modern execution 
practices enabled us to get major business from offices, malls and healthcare segments. 
 
 
Faster pace of order finalization in the factory and office spaces segments besides orders 
from industrial EPC and substation projects contributed to booking growth in Q4 FY19.  
We expect construction activity to pick up momentum after the elections. 
 
 
For the third year in a row, more than 50% of the orders were for bundled MEP jobs and we 
continue to lead the industry in this category.     
 
 
Some major orders won during Q4 FY19 included Apollo Tyres Sricity, Wipro Hyderabad 
& Chennai, Brookfield Gurgaon & Noida, Karle Bangalore, Odisha Power Transmission 
Corporation Ltd, Bhubaneshwar. 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Carry-forward order book of the Electro Mechanical Projects business was Rs 1716.29 cr as 
at Mar 31, 2019 as compared to Rs 1401.79 cr as at Mar 31, 2018, a growth of 22.4%. 
 
 
The segment-wise break-up of the carry forward order book of the Electro-Mechanical 
Projects business is as follows:   
Office including IT and non-IT buildings were 41.8%, metro rail 5.2%, industrial spaces 
12.7%, power generation and distribution 2.9%, hospitals 15.6%, mixed used development 
5.4%, malls 6.3% and all others 10.1%. 
Commercial Air Conditioning business (Central and Packaged Air Conditioning 
Products): 
 
 
We continued to grow at a faster pace than market in Q4 FY19 and FY19 in all the product 
categories and improved market shares. Our products across this category are well received 
and continued to demonstrate healthy growth traction.  We continue to maintain leadership 
position in Ducted Systems with a market share of 39% and improved market share in VRF 
to 17%.  Introduction of a new range of configured screw chillers helped enhance market 
share to 15%. 
 
 
Key segments that contributed to revenue growth in Q4 FY19 are Government, Retail, 
Hotels, Industrial, Educational Institutions and Light Commercial segment such as shops, 
showrooms and boutique.  
 
 
Major orders bagged in Q4 FY19 were from Xavier University, Poddar School, MES-
Cochin, Defence Research & Development Organization (DRDO) – Kolkata, Park Hotel, 
Avenue Super Markets Ltd, Amity School, ISGEC Heavy Engineering Ltd, Polycab Wires 
Pvt Ltd, Medanta Hospital, Noida International Stadium, IIT- Roorkee, Banaras Hindu 
University, Small Scale Industrial Development Corporation (SICOP) Jammu &Kashmir & 
Gravity Mall - Patna.  
 
 
Having mastered inverter technology, we would be pioneering the same in Ducted Systems 
to further strengthen our market share.   
International business: 
 
 
The international business made steady progress across all markets in Middle East, Africa 
and SAARC countries. A state – of- the – art exclusive showroom in Dubai was inaugurated 
on April 15th 2019.  This showroom will display a complete range of our latest energy 
efficient products for the Middle East. 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
International projects executed through the Joint Ventures at Qatar and Malaysia continued 
to do well.  
 
 
We continue our journey to strengthen our brand in selected international markets. We have 
plans to profitably grow our international business and the overall business outlook remains 
positive. 
Segment II: Unitary Products: 
 
 
Segment II revenue was Rs 703.63 cr in Q4 FY19 as compared to Rs 591.36 cr in Q4 FY18, 
a growth of 19.0%. Segment result grew to Rs 73.32 cr (10.4%) in Q4 FY19 as compared to 
Rs 40.75 cr (6.9%) in Q4 FY18. Margin improved during the quarter due to better product 
mix, cost rationalization, price increase in select models of Room Air conditioners and 
better realization in the Commercial Refrigeration business. 
 
 
In FY19, revenue grew to Rs 2268.97 cr as against Rs 2088.73 cr in FY18, a growth of 
8.6% driven by enhanced demand for commercial refrigeration products and growth in Split 
Air conditioners and water purifiers categories. The segment results increased to Rs 185.92 
cr (8.2%) in FY19 as compared with Rs 168.05 cr (8.0%) in FY18.  Segment II results were 
impacted by around 150 bps due to investment in water purifiers category primarily in 
marketing, brand building and R&D.  
 
 
Room Air Conditioner business: 
 
 
The first two months of the quarter were impacted due to delayed onset of summer.  
However, the Southern and Central parts of the country and some parts of North India 
witnessed demand revival in March.  We grew 6% for the quarter due to the revival in 
March.    
 
 
With the introduction of several innovative products and expanded distribution reach in 
North, we continued to grow faster than the market and improved our market share to 
12.3% in FY19 from 11.5% in FY18.   
 
 
Weather conditions in most parts of the country barring East are favorable and prospects for 
Q1FY20 look encouraging.  We are well positioned with the launch of a wide range of 
products.   
 
 
Commercial Refrigeration business: 
 
 
We grew faster than the market during the quarter at 34% aided by growth in Ice Cream and 
frozen foods segments.  Medical Refrigeration witnessed good traction with some major 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 6 of 18 
breakthroughs. In Retail refrigeration business, we bagged orders from some major retail 
players like SPAR, Metro Cash & Carry during the quarter. 
 
 
Overall, the commercial refrigeration business has scaled up well in FY19, with expansion 
in all product categories across the spectrum. 
 
 
Water Purifier business 
 
 
Our Water Purifiers business continued to perform well during Q4 FY 19. We are prepared 
for the forthcoming season with the successful launch of Eternia model, India's first point-
of-use instant UV LED purifier. Our lifetime warranty on the UV LED of this model makes 
this product a unique and differentiated offering in markets. Aggressive sales and marketing 
initiatives during the quarter coupled with a comprehensive product range across price 
points helped to enhance our market share to nearly 2% and we doubled volumes in FY19. 
 
 
We won the prestigious Water Digest Award for the third time in a row for the 'Best 
RO+UV Domestic Purifier'. In addition, we also won 'Best Water R&D and Technological 
Breakthrough' for Eternia. Water Digest award is considered as “the Oscars” of the water 
industry and is supported by the Ministry of Water Resources and UNESCO.  
 
 
Our network increased to 2800 touch points across 150 towns and cities. 
 
 
Having reached healthy traction in FY19 with a complete product range across price points, 
the focus is on scaling up with an objective to reach 10% market share by FY21.  Towards 
this objective, the sales and service of water purifiers category has been integrated with 
Room Air conditioners to leverage the wider distribution footprint and enhance customer 
experience.                
  
 
Segment-III – Professional Electronics and Industrial Systems 
 
 
Segment III revenue was Rs 49.90 cr in Q4 FY19 as compared to Rs 56.31 cr in Q4 FY18. 
Segment result was to Rs 16.08 cr (32.2%) in Q4 FY19 as compared to Rs 7.27 cr (12.9%) 
in Q4 FY18 due to certain high margin orders executed in Q4 FY19.  
 
 
In FY19, segment revenue was Rs 217.76 cr as against Rs 198.33 cr in FY18, a growth of 
9.8%. The segment results grew to Rs 43.78 cr (20.1%) in FY19 as compared with Rs 24.02 
cr (12.1%) in FY18. 
 
 
 
Industrial capex improved partially on the back of adoption to Industry 4.0, IoT and BS-VI, 
resulting in comparatively better demand than previous quarters in some segments. Plans 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 7 of 18 
are on the anvil to rejig and renew the product portfolio in order to improve profitability. 
Focus is on customized and automated solutions across industries, with a wider range of 
applications.  
 
 
The growth potential of Indian digital payment sector and rising focus of enterprises on data 
security create a huge opportunity for Data security business.  
 
 
With multiple positive indicators and some initiatives by Govt. of India, the Healthcare 
market in India awaits exponential growth in up-coming years. 
 
 
Major orders bagged during Q4 FY19 were Research & Development Establishment, 
Maruti Suzuki India Limited, Bank of India, Mastercard Technology, Electronics 
Corporation of India Limited, FIS Payment Solutions, Mahindra Sanyo Special Steel Pvt. 
Ltd. 
Business outlook  
 
 
Increased opportunities from the commercial real estate market and factory segments 
besides continuing thrust on infrastructure projects are expected to drive growth in the 
Electro Mechanical Projects business. Room Air-conditioners is expected to grow faster 
than FY19 with the onset of summer in most parts of the country in April.  The continued 
growth momentum in the Ice Cream and frozen foods segments are expected to drive 
demand for commercial refrigeration products.  We also expect to maintain the pace of 
revenue growth in the Professional Electronics & Industrial segment.  
 
 
We will continue to maintain a close watch on commodity prices and exchange rates as well 
as macro and micro economic environment.  While the pending order book is healthy, the 
speed of execution will be a focus area apart from cost and working capital control 
measures. 
 
 
With that ladies and gentlemen, I am done with the opening remarks.  I would like to now 
pass it back to moderator, who will open up floor to questions.  I will try and answer as 
many questions as I can.  To the extent I am unable to, we will get back to you via e-mail. 
 
 
With that, we are open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My first question is with regards to the cooling product business, you had mentioned that 
the demand had picked up in second half for the fourth quarter. I assume it would have been 
just secondary sales, right? Primary sales would be catching along with a lag only in spite 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 8 of 18 
of that we have seen decent growth in the room AC business. So is it function of your 
market share gains, distribution reach increase and the traction in commercial refrigeration? 
Can you do bifurcation of the revenues? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Room AC sales during January and February were  bit tepid.  However, the weather pattern 
changed towards the second half of March and that is how we were able to log  6% growth 
for this quarter. While the market has de-grown for the quarter as well as for the year, we 
managed to close the year, with a 3% growth and our market share increased from 11.5% of 
last year to 12.3% for this year. As mentioned over the last few quarters, this year has been 
very good for our commercial refrigeration products We witnessed a healthy growth rate 
across all our product categories that we have in the commercial range of our products. 
Lastly, the new product categories that we have been incubating mainly air coolers and 
water purifiers though on a smaller base  also helped us to register reasonable growth in 
segment II. Overall, it is a mix of several factors contributing to the performance of the 
unitary products segment. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Can you give a bifurcation of revenue in the cooling product segment, I mean between AC, 
non-AC and then the new products that is air coolers, water purifiers? 
Neeraj Basur: 
We have consistently maintained a blended revenue disclosure for  the segment and will 
continue to do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Bhoomika Nair 
from IDFC. Please go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir you mentioned that we saw 6% revenue 
growth in the room AC segment for the quarter and the industry has seen a decline, so if 
you can give us an outlook on what was the industry decline and what is our outlook for 
FY2020 both for industry as well as products within the room AC segment? 
Neeraj Basur: 
The industry numbers are still getting validated, but whatever data that we have been able to 
gather, our own sense is that for the full year the industry would have de-grown by around 
4% to 5% whereas we managed a growth of 3%, in room ACs. As we are all aware FY19 
was a difficult year for room ACs with the summer season in the first quarter not playing 
the way it normally does. We believe that the worst as far as the weather driven impact on 
that segment is behind us with even the inventory levels becoming normalized in quarter 
four for the market. We had substantially liquidated our excess inventory in quarter three 
itself and so we were fairly stable in quarter four.  
The summer has started on a good note. There is no intense heat wave yet, but it is unlikely 
that  weather in Q1FY20 will be a repeat of FY19.. Assuming that the market normalizes on 
the back of a normal weather season, we think market growth will get restored to a  10% to 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 9 of 18 
12% growth trajectory in FY20.  Of course we have our own growth aspirations in line with 
or ahead of the market as we have been maintaining consistently. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir if I look at the margins profile for the current quarter, it has clearly improved quite 
sharply, so as you said that it has got to do with price hikes and product mix so if you can 
just throw some light in terms of what has been the price hikes and what is we have in the 
product mix, also in terms of outlook because we are hearing that some players have cut 
down on the five star inverters so what is the trickled down effect that is happening on the 
three star ACs given that that is a largest chunk of the market? 
Neeraj Basur: 
It is mix of several factors driven by realization and cost optimisation measures that we 
were able to implement in quarter four particularly on the sales and marketing front mainly 
advertising where we have optimized significantly our overall spend as compared to last 
year. We had taken a price increase in quarter three but the discounting structure, which was 
then prevailing because of the inventory levels had prevented us from fully taking the 
benefit of that price increase, which was not the case in quarter four. Therefore to some 
extent relative to quarter three and the earlier quarters we were able to experience a 
healthier realization and the product mix change in favor of inverters also helped. So overall 
it is a mix of pricing, the rationalisation of discounting and incentives and also the other 
cost elements, which have been tightly controlled that helped get back to this margin level. 
Overall for the full year on a blended basis, the margins are back to the normalized levels of 
8.2%, which we had believed we should be able to close the year with.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
I am delving on the same question, when you said that you have grown 6% for the quarter 
in the room AC, and assuming it is a 70% of your segment revenue implies a 4% growth, 
then your 30% of your revenue which includes the commercial even the water purifier, air 
coolers, would have grown 50% is that the right understanding? 
Neeraj Basur: 
 As I had already mentioned earlier, the growth of commercial refrigeration products, which 
for the full year has been quite healthy and the growth in other product categories, which is 
air cooler and water purifier albeit on a small base also helped. Overall therefore the 
revenue mix, notwithstanding the tepid performance of room ACs, enable growth of 19%-
19.5% in quarter four and around 9% growth for the full year. 
Nitin Arora: 
Is it possible to quantify how April has been for the industry and for you in the room ACs 
itself? 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Neeraj Basur: 
We do not have access to industry numbers yet, it is too early. We certainly expect a more 
normalized quarter one in comparison with FY19 quarter one, and expect that some of the 
structural issues, which were there all of last year should not be there this year. 
Nitin Arora: 
What is your outlook on the EBIT margin of cooling products, so we ended this year at 
8.2%, how we are looking the benefit of let us say a little losses would have been on the 
water purifier and on the core, how you are looking EBIT margins? 
Neeraj Basur: 
At a high level over the medium term, now that we will not have the kind of pressures we 
had in FY2019, and with water purifier business also scalping up, we expect that we should 
be back to around 9% margin levels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshil Kampani from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshil Kampani: 
Can you highlight why are the tax being so low and how would it look going forward in 
FY2020? 
Neeraj Basur: 
The tax  is low because in one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Blue Star Engineering, 
which actually houses the professional electronic business, we were having some carry-
forward tax losses which we recognized now as deferred tax asset since the business has 
been demonstrating consistent profitability for the last two years   Therefore, for the full 
year blended effective tax rate is lower, since this is one time we will get back to our 
normalized effective tax rates of 27%-28%, in the years to come. 
Harshil Kampani: 
We have seen good increase in the order book in MEP segment. Can you quantify as to 
which are the large orders that we have received in this quarter and the outlook for 
FY2020? 
Neeraj Basur: 
I talked about few order names which we have booked in Q4 FY2019, we will release the 
entire notes to all of you. Generally the traction in the electromechanical projects business 
and also our commercial air-conditioning products businesses have been looking up as you 
would have noticed for the last few quarters. The positive aspect is that this is spread across 
multiple of sectors segments within the segment, which is not restricted to commercial 
spaces, it is across buildings, factories, little bit on infrastructure industrial and  metro rail 
as well.  
It is a mix of most of these customer categories where we are witnessing some healthy and 
positive traction. The projects business segment had been on a slow growth trajectory over 
the last two or three years, and we have been expecting some form of revival in terms of 
project launches happening as the commercial capacities start to get absorbed. With the 
order book that we now have our outlook is positive ,  However, it is the pace of execution 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 11 of 18 
is what we will watch out for and also make sure that the entire working capital and cash 
flow is kept on a tight leash because that is the third critical element for us for this business. 
So overall the outlook is healthy and we expect to make the most of the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move onto the next question that is from the line of Lavina Quadros 
from Jeffries Group. Please go ahead. 
Lavina Quadros: 
You mentioned that water purifier impacted margins of the cooling product segment by 150 
BPS, was this specific to the quarter or full year? 
Neeraj Basur: 
This is for the full year. 
Lavina Quadros: 
So is it fair to say that Q4 did not really see incremental investments for water purifier per 
se because margins have been really good, so I just wanted to understand that? 
Neeraj Basur: 
The bulk of the 150 basis points,  cost impact was largely on brand marketing, and category 
awareness, creation. Quarter four is not the peak quarter for these kind of spends. Typically 
these spends peak up between quarter two and three, so to that extent some of those cost 
elements were relatively lower for water purifier in quarter four and would have been 
higher in quarter two and quarter three. To that extent the burn on spends in water purifier 
in quarter four would be low. 
Lavina Quadros: 
This would like you highlighted the lower spends would continue into FY20 as well right, 
now that you have established a base on the purifier segment? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Obviously this is linked with how closer we get to breaking even and we are fairly 
confident with the kind of scale, we have now built up. We should be on a reducing cash 
burn trajectory from FY20 onwards and that we are factoring in to our overall plans. 
Lavina Quadros: 
On your room AC segment, there were clearly price hikes that were taken on a blended 
basis year on year, so is that volume growth has therefore been negative in the quarter? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Yes. Volume growth has been lower than the overall realization growth, both for us as well 
as the market. Partly because of the shift from fixed price to inverters for us as well as 
market, you will see a favorable realization impact and generally the price increases also 
helped, so to that extent, it is value driven growth more than volume  growth. 
Lavina Quadros: 
So effectively that would have hurt margins as well? 
Neeraj Basur: 
This has been a very abnormal year, so it would not be correct to summarize that way 
because the entire inventory issues which were there till Q3 prevented the real margin 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 12 of 18 
impact to be realised.  However, quarter four margin is healthier because the pressures on 
incentive wise were relatively lower than what they were two quarters back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
You touched upon a growth of 10% to 12% for room AC segment if summer turns to be 
normal. I just wanted to know that 10% to 12% is it volume growth are you referring to or it 
is a revenue growth? 
Neeraj Basur: 
We always talk about growth and reporting in terms of value because volumes tend to be 
little inconsistent and a little confusing, so we are talking about value growth. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Fair enough. That is helpful. And the second one Sir, when I go to like retail shops typically 
the multibrand ones, what I have observed is that typically Blue Star products are price 
about Rs.3000 higher compared to say to large domestic brands, so do you intend to have 
such premium or it is just a matter of time that you think some of this premium will bridge 
because some of the peers will take price hike. So I just wanted to know whether it is 
something which is intended and you want to keep and that is what you think that the brand 
deserves or it is just at the matter of like pricing actions by peers. 
Neeraj Basur: 
We have traditionally been a premium priced brand and that premium has been in the range 
of 3% to 5%. Of course, lot of it is also influenced by the market context and the overall 
demand scenario and we remain flexible enough to lower down this gap should the market 
context require us to do that.  Of course, in the current context, we probably were more 
comfortable taking pricing decision in quarter four as compared to some other players who 
may not have taken their price increase decisions, yet or fully. Moderator: 
We 
will 
move onto the next question that is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Congratulations for good set of numbers. Could you give us an update of given in the 
analyst meet when you spoke about product developments that the AC with filters or AC 
which will be like cooler, that is one. The second thing is in the analyst meet you spoke 
about increasing your market share specifically on the north side where you are weak, could 
you give us an update what is the way forward on that? These are my questions. 
Neeraj Basur: 
As far as the new product portfolio is concerned, we launch a new range of products every 
year and we did so in the month of February. This being our Platinum Jubilee Year we have 
launched a complete range of 75 SKUs. The contemporary range of products which have 
features such as inbuilt purification, inbuilt precision cooling and are also higher on IoT 
enabled models were also part of these 75 SKUs. We continue to do a lot of product 
portfolio category improvements and at the same time there is always the need to remain 
competitive on the core of product portfolio, which would be the three star and the five star 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 13 of 18 
inverter range.  You will find the products that we have in the market are very competitive 
and would be better when compared with the comparable product options available on all 
the features etc. Our R&D continues to do lot of good work. We have a dedicated R&D unit 
and we stay completely on top of evolving regulatory as well as market dynamics.  
 
The next big change is likely from 01 January 2020 will be again a rating table change.  Our 
R&D teams are now focusing closely on ensuring that before we get into a new table and 
rating norms in January 2020, or later, we need to be ready with set of products to cater to 
those new requirements, so it is a very evolving situation as far as product portfolio in the 
room AC category is concerned.  
 
As far as your question on North is concerned, we have caught up quite a bit on our 
performance. We have now reached a point where West and North are almost at the equal 
level, which is giving us a lot of good visibility also in the largest market. We do not expect 
any region to suddenly get a disproportionate share of the market, but as long as all our 
regions are having an equal weightage in the top three regions of North, west and South, we 
will be happy. So things are happening in North and we will continue our focus and 
attention to penetrate deeper. 
Moderator: 
We will move onto the next question that is from the line of Anupam Gupta from IIFL. 
Please go ahead. 
Anupam Gupta: 
We have seen a gradual improvement in the margins in the project business, what would be 
the trajectory assuming your improved execution remains on track going forward? 
Neeraj Basur: 
We are consistent with what we have been saying in the past. We do expect that the EBIT 
margins  for a full year blended basis at around 5.5% and better than what we did last year.  
It will be not appropriate to look at a quarter-on-quarter margin for this business as  there 
will be variations. Our own sense is anything between 5.5% and 6% will be a fair margin 
outlook in the short term for projects business. However we will  have quarters where this 
can even cross 6% and quarters where it will be shade below 5.5%, so it will be a blended 
performance year-on-year. 
Anupam Gupta: 
But you are not seeing because your order inflows are very strong, have you seen 
underlying improvement in the profitability there or what is driving this margin guidance? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Your question is whether there is a degree of operating leverage which will help in 
margins? Well this is a tendered business and therefore we need to be L1 with fiercely 
competitive pricing pressures, therefore, pricing continues to be under pressure. So the 
increased order booking pace is not yet translating into any improvement in the margins 
profile and also the fact that the entire cost structure needs to be actually controlled well 
while executing continues to ensure that by the time we close these projects, we come back 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 14 of 18 
on our trajectory of 5.5% odd margin levels. To that extent we are not at a scale yet where 
there would be a very significant improvement in the margins. More important for us is that 
is to ensure that we continue to bill and collect cash in a disciplined manner and as you are 
aware in most contracts business, there is a tradeoff between what margins you can expect 
what prices you can expect and what terms of payment you can expect to negotiate. So we 
are consciously opting for healthier commercial terms such that not only are we able to 
register growth, but that growth must translate for us in cash flow terms and at least for next 
one year we do not intend to change anything significantly in that particular strategic 
orientation. We will continue to focus on growth, billing, cost management and cash flow 
management, so that will be the broad structure. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Secondly just on your JV losses, which were there, so this year obviously there was Oman 
JV which created losses, but going forward that should get back into profitable levels or you 
see some losses continuing? 
Neeraj Basur: 
We had made  full provision for the entire exposure in Oman JV in Q3 itself. Q4 on a 
standalone basis is containing profits from other JVs, and that will continue.  Oman JV 
exposure stands fully provided. 
Moderator: 
We move onto the next question that is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Can you help us understand on these commercial refrigeration products within the unitary 
cooling product segment, what is the kind of growth outlook going forward, how large is 
this market and what will be our market share right now? 
Neeraj Basur: 
 Segment II for us is contains predominantly  room ACs, but consciously we have been 
growing all  other product categories and the largest one amongst these being the entire 
commercial range of products, which includes deep freezers, water dispensers, storage 
water coolers and bottle coolers which are the traditional range of commercial products 
some of which we also manufacture.  In the last two years, we have added new product 
categories to our commercial range namely medical refrigeration products, kitchen 
refrigeration products and retail refrigeration products.  As you would appreciate these three 
categories are all intensive on the consumer, consumption based factors, which will propel 
growth whether it is the retail refrigerator requirements for shops and stores or be it the 
entire medical refrigeration where the labs, the blood banks, the hospitals will need more 
and more of these products and kitchen refrigeration demand is driven by the growth in the 
hotels, QSR segments and so on.  
 
Overall our market share continues to track quite strong as far as these categories are 
concerned.  As far as the  deep freezer business is concerned, we continued to enjoy close to 
28%, 29% market share which by our understanding is the largest in the market. Across 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 15 of 18 
water coolers and water dispensers it ranges from 25% to 35%. We also have modular cold 
rooms which again have been experiencing positive traction. We have also added air 
coolers, air purifiers and water purifiers in the same segment. We expect segment II to 
continuously become progressively more insulated against our dependence on room ACs 
which in some ways is already visible in FY19 because to very large extent the entire 
unfavorable impact of a poor summer in FY19 could have been far more catastrophic had it 
not been for the other commercial range of products which we were consciouslygrowing. 
So we expect that trajectory to continue in the years to come as well and to that extent will 
fuel growth for the segment as a whole. 
Charanjit Singh: 
On the water purifier segment if I got the number right, your market share right now is 2% 
and we are expecting 10% market share by 2021? 
Neeraj Basur: 
We are expecting 10% may in be two years’ time and that is what we are definitely aiming 
for. 
Charanjit Singh: 
The scale up on the market share front looks pretty steep and what are the factors which you 
think will drive this market share gain for us? 
Neeraj Basur: 
The last two years s were spent to build the water purifiers business  bottoms up. We  have 
got the product portfolio sorted out, we have got the distribution footprint also established 
with 2000 plus stores now selling our water purifiers, and also we have a very strong 
presence online through the e-commerce route. The building blocks are in place and year 
two has seen some good traction although on a small base and we have doubled what we 
did over FY18.As I talked about it earlier in the opening remarks, we have integrated the 
sales force of our room AC business with the water  purifiers sales force, so the combined 
sales force in an integrated manner will now be able to sell water purifiers to the existing as 
well as the new dealers. We are quite confident that it should give us a trajectory of growth 
beyond that we experienced in FY19 and should start taking us towards that aspirational 
10% market share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Aggarwal from BOI AXA Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Varun Aggarwal: 
My question is on the competitive intensity. We have seen a lot of Japanese, Korean, 
Chinese players entering the market, increasing their presence, even setting up 
manufacturing basis, so how do you see next two to three years in terms of competition. Do 
you think all the players have widened up looking at the history and the pricing will be 
more mature or more pragmatic? Can you throw some light on that? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Of course, competition is intense and has remained intense notwithstanding who were the 
players in question and across all category of Indian and multinational players and we do 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 16 of 18 
not expect the competitive intensity to reduce. Now, while the overall pricing and the entire 
product portfolio level specific dynamics will get determined by how competition plays out 
and we are also quite sensitive to that fact that beyond a point we will not be able to 
influence pricing, so what really remains with us to influence is a target cost structure.  This 
would help us to continue to maintain margins despite increasing competitive pricing and 
competitive forces.  
We are amongst the few players who have in-house manufacturing. We are consciously 
looking at ways and means of enhancing backward integration to the extent possible.  In 
components, the indoor units which have traditionally been imported, we have started 
assembling them in one of our factories, and so to that extent progressively we will bring 
more and more critical components into our own manufacturing base. Of course, we will 
not get into manufacturing of components like compressors or refrigerants because it does 
not make economic sense, but to the extent  backward integration is possible, it will be  one 
answer to becoming more cost effective. Continuous value engineering which our R&D 
teams own is another way to improve to and of course the operating leverage and the scale 
growth will also help.  
We are cognizant of these challenges and we will continue to take steps as may be needed 
to make sure that we are responding proactively. This is the category where working capital 
more specifically inventories is going to be quite critical for us to remain nimble and agile 
in terms of the levels of inventory we plan for and what level of inventories are held by us 
at different points in time such that we do not end up losing out any opportunity to sell or 
grow, at the same time we are not in a situation where we are carrying excessive inventory, 
which then becomes another problem in terms of margin, holding cost, etc. So it is a very 
fine balance. Just to conclude we expect more competitors to start looking at India seriously 
as the overall market size itself will become large, obviously it will be of interest to more 
players. We have in the past and we will continue to plan for the competitive intensity to go 
up and we will be ready with our suitable response. 
Varun Aggarwal: 
Sure Sir. Thanks a lot for elaborate answer. Sir one question on your segment one, basically 
in terms of order book office segment is the key segment or the large size of the order book. 
In next two to three years do you see that changing in the favour of metros and infra and 
other segments or do you think this is the segment, which will be continue to be the large 
segment for our segment I? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Well it is a bit contextual because the infrastructure projects do not get launched very 
regularly, they follow a certain investment and commitment pattern andsequencing 
cyclicality. As we speak, there are quite a few metro rail tenders on the table, which we 
continue to participate, but by and large we expect and I spoke about in the opening 
remarks, a breakdown of segment wise market share, which you will get when we circulate 
the investor release. We do not expect that composition to change  drastically over the next 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 17 of 18 
couple of years and of course a lot depends on how under the new government’s 
dispensation, what kind of policy decisions get taken on the infrastructure growth and also 
on the industrial growth. The entire Make in India theme, which we will wait to see how 
that plays out post elections, will also be sweet spot for us. Moderator: We will move onto 
the next question that is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
I want to understand how the trend of inverter machine has panned out and what is the 
proportion for us as well as for the industry. Do you see changing or reversing going 
forward? 
Neeraj Basur: 
For the last two years now the trend is in favour of inverter machines. Last year, industry 
would have been around 45% inverter sales, and we were at 47%. Blue Star has been 
amongst the pioneers in terms of inverter and more energy efficient product range. We had 
a head start, of course, now market has caught up with us, so we are at inline with the 
market. To your question how is this trend likely to pan out over the next couple of years, 
our outlook is that it should continue to grow to around 55% to 60% and should start to 
stabilize around that. There is a market for fixed speed machines, which will remain, so 
about 55%-60% inverters is our overall sense. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Sir, second question, the industry growth in value terms that you expect 10% to 12% this 
year, do you think this is lower number considering the previous year’s poor industry 
performance? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Maybe we are being a bit conservative here. When the entire industry comes out of a bad 
year obviously to get back to the growth momentum and the entire rhythm takes a little 
while. Maybe it is a little conservative, but as of now we would like to go with this 10% to 
12% view. Again on the premise that FY2020 will pan out to be a normal summer. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen we will be taking the last question that is from the line of Amber 
Singhania from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amber Singhania: 
 Can you give some colour on the capex going forward for FY2020-2021 and which 
segments this will be going to and secondly if you can briefly touch upon the outlook for 
segment III both in terms of revenue and margins we have seen a huge fluctuations in this 
year, how you see the margins and the revenue in this segment going forward? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Regular capex continues to be in the range of about Rs.100 Crores and we do not expect 
that to be any different in FY20. In addition  we are expanding our capacities in our Wada 
plant and these capacities are predominantly to support growth in our commercial 
refrigeration products, which are currently being produced out of Ahmedabad, so that capex 
will be to the tune of about another Rs.80 Crores to Rs.90 Crores but may be over the next 

 
 
                      Blue Star Limited 
May 3, 2019 
 
Page 18 of 18 
12 to 15 months. We are not yet taking any decision on commencing capex in Sri City that 
will also happen probably in the next few years.  
As far as your second question on segment III margin,  this year has been a  good year for 
professional electronics business. There have been several good projects they have booked 
and executed, some of them were very healthy on margin that is what it is also visible from 
the results. In particular I would just like to remind everyone there was a large project we 
had won from UP government. This was for supply of some CT machines in around 25-odd 
hospitals. It was a good business for us in terms of growth as well as margin profile. The 
only thing is it is very difficult to give you an outlook for this segment because the nature of 
this business is such where there is a pipeline of several short-term projects and orders, 
which keep filling in and keep getting executed as the year progresses. For our own 
purposes we factor around 12% to 15% EBIT margin, which we feel is kind of reasonable 
for this segment. 
Amber Singhania: 
Okay, this 12% to 15% compared to range of 30% which we have seen in the past? 
Neeraj Basur: 
30% was Q4, overall for the full year it is around 20% this year, which is somewhat higher 
as compared to the normal margin that we expect this segment to generate on a more 
continuous basis. 
Amber Singhania: 
Any other similar kind of revenue growth we have seen in FY2020? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Revenue growth may remain similar to FY19 level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Neeraj Basur. 
Neeraj Basur: 
Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen. With this we conclude this quarter’s earning 
call. Do feel free to revert to us in case any of your questions were not fully addressed and 
we will be happy to provide you additional details by e-mail or in person. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Blue Star Limited that concludes today’s 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and is not a verbatim record of the call 
