May 17, 2019
To 
To 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 531147 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call – 20.04.2019 
Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Transcript of conference call with 
Investors and Analysts, which took place on Saturday, April 20, 2019, after announcement of the 
Audited Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2019. The said transcript is also 
uploaded on website of the Company www.alicongroup.co.in. 
Kindly take the above information on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
 
Swapnal Patane 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q4 & FY2019 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
April 20, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Alicon Castalloy Limited’s 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank 
Vaswani from CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Rayomand. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on 
Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 and FY2019 Earnings Conference Call. We have 
with us today Mr. Rajeev Sikand – Group CEO and Mr. Vimal Gupta – Group CFO 
of the company. Documents containing details to the results have been circulated 
earlier and these are also available on our corporate website as well as the stock 
exchange website. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the 
management following which we shall have the forum open for a question and 
answer session. Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements 
made in today’s call maybe forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with all of you earlier. I 
would now like to handover the floor to Mr. Rajeev Sikand for his opening remarks. 
Over to you sir. 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Good day everyone. On behalf of the management team of Alicon Castalloy, I 
would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you. Thank you for taking time out on 
a Saturday to join our earnings call. I trust all of you have received the results table 
and result presentation. I will cover some industry developments and business 
updates for the quarter and the year gone by, following which Mr. Vimal Gupta will 
run through the financial highlights. 
We are pleased to have ended fiscal 2019 on a strong note. As most of you are 
aware, majority of our business is contributed by auto sector. 80% of the revenues 
are from domestic market and balance is global plus exports, which includes our 
revenue from the international subsidiary - Illichmann Castalloy Castalloy. 
Domestic industry faced sluggish demand conditions in FY 2019. Consumer 
sentiment was impacted by slower growth in rural markets, especially in the second 
half, rising fuel prices, impact of legislation of insurance, especially in the case of 
two wheelers, all of which led to moderate volumes even in the festive months as 
well as sporadic instances of inventory buildup. Despite these challenging market 
conditions, in FY19 on a consolidated basis, we have reported a topline growth of 
17%, EBITDA grew by 27% and PAT improved by 37%. Export revenues grew 
25% in FY19, while domestic revenues registered a healthy growth of 14% with 
improved client metrics. Similarly our performance for Q4 FY19 was buoyant with 
7% growth in revenues, 13% growth in EBITDA, 24% growth in profit after tax. As 
guided, enhanced product mix has driven an improvement in EBITDA margin, 
which is at an all-time high in Q4 FY19. In the previous year, we had shared with 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 11 
you that we would expand our production facilities by setting up a Greenfield 
project at Khed, Pune to augment our capacities. Given the challenges we faced in 
FY19, we have taken quick steps to control the operational costs and improve the 
utilization of our resources to optimum levels. Given the uncertainty we foresee in 
FY20 as well, we have taken a decision to postpone the investment for the time 
being and sweat our existing capacities, of course with the regular review of the 
market trends. Most importantly in FY19, we have undertaken strategic intervention 
to solidify our trajectory of growth, our multi-pronged focus towards strengthening 
our existing customer base, adding new clients across markets and ramping up our 
product basket continue to drive business momentum during the year. 
We also expanded the bouquet of products to serve the needs of our customers 
both in domestic and export markets. We have introduced advanced and 
innovative products that are helping our customer boost efficiencies and 
performances across two-wheeler, four-wheeler and CV categories. The Indian 
automobile market is inching towards an implementation of BS-VI norms. For 
Alicon, having already operated and supplied BS-VI compliant parts in developed 
markets, we believe our learnings and application of new components will enable 
us to support a smoother transition for our customers in the domestic market. 
Starting from Q4 FY20, we anticipate a significant shift in the volumes from BS-IV 
to BS-VI vehicles, as OEMs commence manufacturing for the new regime. As an 
integrated supplier of components, we believe this particular transaction will throw 
open many business opportunities as established relationships will be under 
pressure to deliver the upgraded requirements and enhance performance 
parameters. We already have designs of several BS-VI components in place and 
are actively reaching out to potential customers. 
The other aspect of our customer base comprises range of sectors, which we 
classify as non-auto. This, includes defense, aeronautical, healthcare, power and 
railways. In FY19, we added a suite of products enabling weight reduction, 
improved cost savings and better performance metrics. In the longer run, we 
believe the components we develop for the non-auto industries will offer a huge 
opportunity for us to grow in the global markets and we are on track to improve our 
contribution of non-auto to 12%, on a growing revenue base, by FY22. 
On the e-mobility front, as you are aware Alicon is proactively involved with 
domestic as well as global OEMs, right from design and the concept side to the 
development of the components for the electric vehicles. Back in FY15, we saw 
electric mobility as the significant market disruptor and since then we have 
prepared ourselves to cater to this segment. In last 2 years, we have developed 
motor housing, battery housing, gear-box housing for 3 large manufacturers in 
Europe. We have also catered for a scooter application in India, which has 
significantly increased the content per vehicle. These components are on a mass 
production basis and we are supplying it from our European as well as our Indian 
facility. In the Indian market, we are steadily witnessing a pickup in consumption of 
e-mobility. Several auto components, which are present in commercial engines, are 
manufactured in cast iron or steel fabrication or similar composite materials. We 
believe, these will get converted into aluminum or low-density material like 
aluminum magnesium alloys in the electric vehicles. Through this, we are sensing 
huge opportunity and we have equipped ourselves to cater to the untapped high-
potential domestic opportunity. 
Looking ahead, we believe that demand conditions are said to improve and we will 
continue to endeavor to suntainably, outperform the industry growth led by 
leveraging our comprehensive product portfolio, diverse customer base and deep 
imprint of our innovation and R&D. We are all well positioned to capitalize on 
enormous growth potential across the auto, non-auto and e-mobility segments and 
look forward to delivering a strong and sustained performance going ahead. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 11 
Before I close, I would like to share that our Board has recommended a final 
dividend of Rs. 5 per share for the financial year 2018-19. On that note, I would like 
to invite Mr. Vimal Gupta to run through key financial highlights of the quarter and 
full year ended 31st March 2019. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank you, Mr. Sikand. Good morning everyone. I will begin by taking you through 
the key financial highlights of the period under review and we will then look forward 
to taking your questions and suggestions. We have delivered a healthy 
performance during FY19 with strong traction in exports and improving contribution 
from the non-auto division. Our revenues from operations on a consolidated basis 
stood at Rs. 1,182 crore in FY19 against 1,013 crore in FY18, registering a growth 
of 17% year-on-year basis. Domestic revenue during FY19 grew by 14%, while 
exports including overseas revenues, delivered a strong growth of 25% on year-on-
year basis. Exports including overseas revenues, contributed 20% of the total 
revenues in FY19 while domestic contribution stood healthy at 80%. During the 
quarter, we reported a healthy performance with revenues from operations higher 
by 5% at Rs. 313 crore. 
Coming to our segmental performance, the auto division contributed to 89% of the 
total revenues in FY19 within this 48% from the two-wheeler, 18% from passenger 
vehicles and 23% from the commercial vehicle and light commercial vehicles. In 
our non-auto division, the revenues contribution stood at 11% in FY19. Our long-
term focus remains on improving contribution from the non-auto segment by 
around 12% by FY22. 
On the profitability front, EBITDA during FY19 stood at Rs. 149.6 crore with the 
margin of 12.6%, higher by 110 basis points. Profit after tax during FY19 stood 
strong at Rs. 53 crore, higher by 37% and profit after tax margins have grown up 
from 3.8% to 4.4%. During the quarter, operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 41.1 crore 
with a margin of 12.9% and profit after tax was Rs. 15.9 crore, higher by 24% with 
the margins at 5% as against 4.3% of the Q4 FY18. From our balance sheet 
perspective, cash and cash equivalent during the period stood at Rs. 12.4 crore, 
net debt stands at 268.2 crore translating into 0.9 debt equity ratio, which has 
remained largely stable. Our working capital cycle remains healthy. With this the 
current pipeline of order remains strong and we continue to see improved enquiries 
and leads across market and industries. The demand has already started to pick 
up from second week of January and will look forward to a stronger performance in 
the first quarter of next fiscal. As shared by Mr. Sikand, we continue to focus 
strongly on value creation for all stakeholders and the Board has recommended a 
final dividend of Rs. 5 per share. So total dividend is Rs. 7 per share including 
interim dividend of Rs. 2 for the financial year 2019. With this, I now conclude my 
remarks and would now be happy to discuss any questions comments or 
suggestions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Nirav Sheth from SBICAP Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirav Sheth: 
I believe that this is a very credible performance. I have two set of questions. I, was 
of the view that two wheelers volumes were taken off because you got safety 
norms coming in and then the emission norms coming in. What I hear in your 
introduction is that we tend to benefit. Is this largely a market share gain or higher 
value addition for the component that you are supplying?  
Rajeev Sikand: 
See, it is both. You see this market share gain because we are able to offer the 
BS-VI. So suddenly, with BS-VI development now on a very high note, the other 
companies are not able to develop and also in the shorter term, we are able to gain 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 11 
the share of business from the others. And the third, with the electric, we have 
started supplying the first domestic electric scooter that is Ather. What we are 
seeing is the significant content per vehicle is going to increase with the electric 
vehicles coming in. 
Nirav Sheth: 
Just a related question because Ather is the new disrupter in that space, how are 
the incumbents placed to offer that electric vehicle, like Hero or Bajaj? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
They will all come up. Sooner or later, you see the players will all be there. 
Somebody will come and disrupt it like Tesla which has come, but all others will 
also gain momentum because they are the incumbents, they are the leaders. The 
more they come the more better for us because we are seeing significant shift in 
the parts which we are supplying in electric scooter, they are much more in content 
than even the cylinder head and the difference is equal to 5 times by weight, for 
example. 
Nirav Sheth: 
The next question I was referring to is that given our vision of Rs. 2,000 crore by 
FY22, what is your sense in terms of the incremental capital that you will need to 
hit that turnover because you have been fairly conscious about adding any capital 
assets? But to hit that particular revenue base, what is your sense in terms of 
incremental addition that you will need to add to capacity? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Nirav, if you see in this year FY19, a lot of capacity, we have already installed. So 
we are already prepared to hit the number of Rs. 2,000 crore by FY2021-2022 and 
now on the coming years, you will see that whatever further capacities we will 
install that will be for after FY2022. So for hitting the number Rs. 2000 crore, we 
don’t see that major capital expenditure will be there. So there you can see the 
improvement in the asset turnover ratios in the coming years. 
Nirav Sheth: 
That is interesting. So if you are making any capital expenditure it will be only for 
beyond FY22? 
Vimal Gupta: 
No. Like at present, we have reached approximately Rs. 1,200 crore of turnover. 
So for approximately, for Rs. 1400-1500 crore, we can say that the capacity is 
already installed. For addition of another Rs. 500 crore turnover, that capital 
expenditure we will have to make. 
Nirav Sheth: 
Sure. And you will broadly look at a ratio of 4:1 - So for another Rs. 500 crore of 
turnover, you will probably invest in Rs.100 crore, is that the right assumption? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Approximately, for net Rs. 500 crore, you can say Rs.150 crore-170 crore of 
investments, we may require. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from SMC Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
With a target of Rs. 2,000 crore of revenue, what will be our margin profile? Do we 
have any sustainable margin aim in our mind? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes. This is a question which keeps coming and our margins will significantly 
improve only. As I told you, there are 2-3 reasons for that. Our global share of 
business is increasing. The margins in the global business are on a higher side. 
And as soon as the disruption happens in the electric, the value addition content 
per vehicle will increase. So there are two significant changes, which will come. 
Third change, which is coming just now is the BS-VI, which itself is going to be 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 11 
higher margin gains. So this is the way our numbers will play out and as you would 
see from last 16 quarters, what we have been projecting we have stuck to that. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Looking at the industry that you have decided to postpone the capex, so when do 
we see the demand picking up, like you mentioned from second week of Jan? But 
in two-wheelers specifically, are we seeing more slowdown or is there a significant 
pick up? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
See, we have taken a conscious decision because we felt that it is right to sweat 
our assets more. So we have done lot of work on asset sweating and market will 
definitely pick up because everybody has made such huge investments. I think 
people are waiting for this election to get over. So let us wait and see. Small green 
shoots will come. If you see, then all the talk which is happening is on the same 
line. So we are pretty positive on this that we will grow more than the market, it is a 
trend, which we will maintain. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aveek Mitra from Aveksat 
Financial Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Aveek Mitra: 
In the last discussion, you said among the ~140 companies, in the e-mobility 
space, you have reached to about 25 players with RFQs and you have converted 
one. So, what is the status on that? How it is progressing? Is it going as per your 
expectations or it is better or slower? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
It is as per our expectation. On a domestic side, we have found even better 
opportunity with Ather. We worked with them to change many parts. And I think we 
have a scope for even more which we did not realize. But as we went and saw the 
vehicle, we could give them more ideas. So this has made our case stronger and 
as you know two-wheeler is booming in India with large players. So this is a big 
change though in electric mobility, globally we see what we have shared with you, 
we are standing by and things are looking good on that side. On the advantage 
which we saw from this whole exercise, which we have done, on the domestic side 
we found that when we have gone to Ather, typically 5 times more content per 
vehicle, we can sell and now maybe we can go to 6 times, 4-6 times we can 
change the content per vehicle. 
Aveek Mitra: 
Two questions actually come from this - one is that how long will you take to 
develop a product suppose it comes to your radar? And second is that I read 
somewhere and also confirmed from some other players that a significant amount 
of two-wheeler parts are coming from China and getting assembled here. So in that 
kind of a situation, how do you think the domestic market will pan out over a period 
of time for the local manufacturers? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes, you are very right. Typically, our product we can give within 20 weeks-24 
weeks. It also depends on our loading at that particular time, maybe you can say 
30 weeks–36 weeks and then is the test, but it is a typical time frame. So, that is 
answering your first question. Answering your second question, that is what we 
saw with a company like Ather that they have developed some parts in China and 
we are looking at now taking over those parts because you know the government is 
going to put a levy. So everybody is little scared on that levy and also the currency 
fluctuations. Also, we must understand the psyche of these people because the 
Indian market could not give them the required head start which they were looking 
for. So they went to one place in China, which has number of tool rooms. China 
does not operate like India - so in one location, you can get 50 tool rooms. So we 
are working with them very closely and we are seeing a good opportunity with 
them. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 11 
Aveek Mitra: 
But can you compete on the pricing front? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Much better. 
Aveek Mitra: 
In consolidated, the loan asset basically, you have a non-current asset of Rs.6-7 
crore on your books. So, what is that? 
Vimal Gupta: 
These are the security deposits given. 
Aveek Mitra: 
Okay. On behalf of Illichmann Castalloy? 
Vimal Gupta: 
These are for Alicon, not for Illichmann Castalloy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ashish Golechha from Ajit Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashish Golechha: 
What is your current order book? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
You know our orders are consistent. We have basically two types of orders - one is 
the current customers, where we are already running and second is the new 
customers and third is the SOP – the current customers have given us parts which 
we will be launching. So it is something which we have got all worked out.  
Ashish Golechha: 
When we plan to basically increase our non-auto revenues from 11% to 12%, how 
much will we see the revenue contribution coming from global auto OEMs, for 
which we have developed 3-4 products in the e-mobility segment. So I am talking 
about specifically four-wheeler OEMs, foreign based, so how do you see that 
segment contributing to the revenues in the next 3 to 4 years? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
See, our total exports will continue to grow. These are parts, parts don’t remain the 
same and even the manufacturing does not remain the same, but the whole gamut 
of knowledge, which we get from this helps us with the new parts for other OEMs 
also. 
Ashish Golechha: 
Do you see any customer contributing more than the 15% of the turnover going 
ahead? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Not at present. 
Ashish Golechha: 
Considering that you have maintained the debt equity ratio at 0.9 level and Rs. 268 
crore is the current debt level, in next 3 years-4 years, do you see this figure 
increasing by Rs. 100 crore-150 crore or there can be further addition in the debt 
component? 
Vimal Gupta: 
There will be further addition of debt, but we will be able to maintain and are going 
to reduce the debt equity ratio. 
Ashish Golechha: 
So in the next 3 years-4 years, you significantly see your debt reducing from this 
level? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have Mr. Aarsh Desai from Vallum Capital. You may go ahead. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 11 
Aarsh Desai: 
With our revenue target of Rs. 2,000 crore by FY22, and a third of it coming from 
exports, so the exports would contribute about Rs. 600 crore of revenue and we 
have had about Rs. 240 odd crore of revenue in our global market currently. So I 
just wanted to understand what gives us confidence that we can take this Rs. 240 
odd crore number to Rs. 600 odd crore and that is about 47%-48% CAGR? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
It may not happen to Rs. 600 crore as we have forecasted, but our numbers of Rs. 
2,000 crore stand because we are seeing growth of exports within India, from India 
and our global locations. So it maybe Rs. 50 crore here and there but the numbers 
are going in that direction. 
Aarsh Desai: 
I was just trying to understand what gives you the confidence that exports will grow 
really fast in the sense that you will have some sort of order talks with the OEMs? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
The new orders have started coming in. For some orders, we are further expecting 
the LOIs and some are in a finalization state. 
Aarsh Desai: 
Are we allowed to disclose the orders that we have already got? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
We can disclose it, that is not an issue. We are also looking at number of other 
things. We have just appointed a marketing collaborator in Europe. 
Aarsh Desai: 
Yes. In France. 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes, it is over 6 months. You know when they talk in the same language it makes a 
difference. So now I am looking at a different model globally also for other 
countries. 
Aarsh Desai: 
I was just seeing your working capital efficiency, it has sort of gone down because 
our payable days have gone down. I was just wondering why has the working 
capital efficiency not improved if I see it over 3 years-4 years, is this earlier we took 
a hit on inventories and debtors and now it is coming over on payables. So I am 
trying to understand that. 
Rajeev Sikand: 
On a global basis, you know we have put certain locks in our system. So these are 
driven through SAP. Then our operations are now more controlled on that. Vimal, 
please explain the other part. 
Vimal Gupta: 
We are now more efficient in the payments to the vendors, so renegotiation for the 
pricing and based on that, the payment terms are being settled with the suppliers. 
As well as there is some changes in that due to GST, so you can see some 
increase in inventories and because our customers are based in North or some 
other different locations and we have to maintain the inventories on their site. So 
after the GST, we are now starting to maintain the warehouses at the places of the 
customers, so that is the reason of some increase in the inventories on that side. 
But you will see it on the receivables side, the number of days has gone down. 
Aarsh Desai: 
We plan to sweat the existing assets and take our turnover from Rs. 1400 crore to 
Rs. 1500 crore. So, are you saying that this would this be the major contribution to 
the asset turnover change and the pickup in ROCE, going forward? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Aarsh Desai: 
And also with regards to Ather, which you said is showing very positive signs in the 
domestic market, you know with Ather being priced at slightly below premium 
segment, at Rs. 1.20 lakh, while most scooters would be in the range of Rs. 50,000 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 11 
– 60,000, you believe it is something that can really pick up in India with the sort of 
Infrastructure that India has, the sort of spends and mindset the Indian consumers 
have, so how do you look at that market? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes, very interesting question. When the electric scooter comes, it is a huge 
opportunity for us. Now the second question which you asked is the pricing and the 
environment. You know many years ago, in Delhi, there were the smoke inducing 
‘Phat-Phat’ vehicles and buses, and then suddenly the new environment norms 
came in. Within 2 years-3 years everything changed. So you know in the cities 
today, there is a PIL, there are so many other things which are happening by law. 
Things are bound to change. It will create one or two PILs and this will start with a 
city. These kinds of scooters will start with the city. So you have to think from a 
different perspective for this kind of disruption to happen in India. But the point 
which I was trying to make is that when the electric scooter really picks up, our 
opportunity grows substantially as the content per vehicle increases and right now 
that is not factored in our plans. 
Aarsh Desai: 
With regards to the e-vehicles, the market that we plan to cater globally, I just 
wanted to understand what sort of edge do we have that the global OEMs would 
not source it locally and instead buy the products from Alicon, why would they not 
use the local players? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
We are supplying from our company in Europe only. 
Aarsh Desai: 
So the entire e-vehicle is supplied from the European subsidiary only? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes, except the Indian startup. 
Aarsh Desai: 
How are we in terms of pricing in terms of what we can offer to the OEMs 
compared to the other players globally? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
It is the same. You know we are in the business because we are able to supply. In 
Europe, you have to understand there are actually two types of foundries. The 
bigger players are only 4 or 5 in the entire Europe and the rest is fragmented into 
200 to 300 other foundries, which are very small and these foundries are slowly 
winding up. You know in the last 3 years, maybe more than 50 foundries have 
wound up. 
Aarsh Desai: 
What is the reason for this? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
They are not able to sustain the cost. The cost of Germany has now reached 
Slovakia, where 4 years ago, it was different because the population is so less and 
if they don’t expand and if it continues the way it is, the costs are rising because 
there is a people cost in the foundry. 
Aarsh Desai: 
Can you sort of breakup the margins between our global business and our 
domestic business, what range they would be in? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Global is much higher. 
Aarsh Desai: 
So would it be in the range of 15 odd percent? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes, you can say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva 
Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 11 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Can you talk about the industrial demand right now because we hear reports about 
Honda cutting production in two-wheelers for the first time ever since 2001. So 
some color would be helpful on where the industry is right now because I hear Q4 
was not so great, but Q1 could get worse or how do you see it? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
I think if you see our numbers of Q4, this should give you a different idea. Yes, the 
industry will have its own challenges. Some customers would take sudden 
decisions which are taken because of their own imperative. Our numbers for this 
year, we have given, fits in our budgeting and we are very clear we will grow more 
than the industry. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
In one of the last concalls, you did mention that you are taking share from other 
models where you are not there. So I just wanted to get a sense of how the 
industry is doing right now? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
That is one of the reasons we have grown. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Regarding the working capital part, as the global business takes off and as the 
exports grows faster than domestic numbers, so should we expect a stretch in your 
receivables and working capital, is that how we should see it? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yeah, there will be impact on the receivable side because the credit period to the 
export market is on the higher side, if we compare it with the domestic.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Is it like what, 3 months or more than that? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
It differs from country to country also. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes, Europe is different and US is different. At present, we are supplying major 
parts to the US, but when we go the European market, it will be different. So it is 
now at 120 days in the US market, so maybe 80 days-90 days we can see in the 
European markets. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
The debt in terms of the absolute debt levels that you have right now, so over the 
next 3-4 years will this be constant, will this come down or at some point you want 
to be completely debt free? What are your thoughts there? I mean you mentioned 
the max would be 1:1 debt to equity. 
Rajeev Sikand: 
In the next 3-4 years, we cannot commit that it will be debt free company, but 
definitely we are focusing on to reduce the debt equity ratio. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
But right now, are we at the peak debt in absolute terms? 
Vimal Gupta: 
We can create 1:1, what is almost 1:1.92. So in the future you can see some 
reduction on that side. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
So you are saying reduction in absolute debt levels? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Not in the amount, I am talking about the ratios. We have a target of Rs. 2,000 
crore. So lot of working capital, we will require in the investment side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a follow up question from Aveek Mitra from 
Aveksat Financial Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 11 
Aveek Mitra: 
One is regarding your gross margin or the raw material pricing, this quarter, I see 
that your gross margins are 40% which we have seen previous quarter of about 
39%. So there is a movement in gross margin, how you want to address it going 
forward? 
Vimal Gupta: 
The gross margin in the material part side, it is in the range of 50 to 52% in all the 
quarters. So that is in that range but when we are talking about in the future, so 
definitely there will be an improvement because the major focus is on the export 
side. 
Aveek Mitra: 
And how do you actually manage your raw material sourcing? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So major raw material is the aluminium. So almost 80% is already decided by the 
customers from where we have to buy. So it is 100% help by the customer and we 
don’t take any risk in that pricing side. 
Aveek Mitra: 
What all do you book in your consolidated revenue because if I just remove 
consolidated minus standalone then it comes to about Rs. 35 crore of revenue and 
this is basically the revenue generated out of Illichmann Castalloy or how it is 
done? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. This is from Illichmann Castalloy. 
Aveek Mitra: 
Okay. So Illichmann Castalloy is just generating about Rs. 100 crore of revenue 
per year? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes, this year it is Rs. 107 crore. 
Aveek Mitra: 
What is the future of this particular plant? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
We have to understand that Illichmann Castalloy is basically providing our technical 
know-how and our global customers. This is how we see this as a business; this is 
one of our innovation centers. 
Aveek Mitra: 
Their material is directly supplied from your side in India to end customers? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes, we supply directly. We don’t have any customer, maybe one odd, small very 
piece, otherwise we supply directly from India to the global customers, Illichmann 
Castalloy does its own. 
Aveek Mitra: 
The selling and distribution expenses, of Rs. 35 crore of last year, so this is part of 
your selling expense or is it something else? 
Vimal Gupta: 
No, the selling and distribution is generally for this, the transport cost, packing cost 
and such type of things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VVS Shah who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
VVS Shah: 
My question is regarding our topline target of Rs. 2,000 crore by 2022, looking at 
the last 6 months scenario in automobile industries, so what gives you the 
confidence that you will achieve that target looking at the ground level realities of 
automobiles industries in India and what are the challenges you see to achieve that 
target? 

 
Alicon Castalloy Limited Q4 & FY19 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 11 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Basically, we are looking more from the bottom line. I am not looking purely at the 
topline. Topline, moves one year here and there. Our bottom-line targets must be 
met. So that is why we are focused and last 16 quarters whatever we have set 
internally as our bottom-line targets, we have met for the full 16 quarters or 4 years 
you can say. 
VVS Shah: 
But in the last 6 months, things have changed dramatically as far as automobile is 
concerned? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Yes, but we have met our targets. Our targets, whatever we have promised to our 
Board, internally, externally, we have exceeded our target. 
VVS Shah: 
What are the things that we are doing differently than other? 
Rajeev Sikand: 
We are appointing right collaborators for global marketing, because world is all 
about collaboration, you know to grow you need collaborators whether it may be 
technical or it may be a marketing collaborator. So, we are looking at things 
differently and first case, we have already done so and we are looking at extending 
that beyond Europe. We are also looking at our own cost structures, how we do the 
business. We have employed some professional companies to work with us on 
blue collar, on white collar, optimization on Internet of Things, how we can bring 
more transparency in our own businesses using SAP as a change on behavior so 
that our people are more cost conscious. So there are lots of factors. Then we are 
lucky, we have some good mentors from the industry who are working with us. One 
is Mr. Pankaj Thadani, he was the CFO of Bajaj Finance and he is mentoring our 
teams, then Dr. Nandakumar, who was HR Chief of Mahindra, he has joined us. So 
we are working a lot on leadership. If we will get our leadership correct, our bottom 
line will automatically work out correct. 
VVS Shah: 
I have some simple suggestion. Looking at our market cap of Rs. 800 crore roughly 
at today’s price and looking at the bright future for next 3 years, we as a 
shareholder feel that market is not justifying the true potential of our company. 
Right now we have started with a conference call that is an excellent thing. But can 
we go for one good analyst meet, at least once in a year to get the awareness. 
Rajeev Sikand: 
We can certainly think of that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I would now like to hand the conference back to the 
management team for closing comments. 
Rajeev Sikand: 
Thank you everybody for joining today. I think our next meeting would be after the 
next quarter results. So thank you so much for participating today. I will leave it to 
Vimal. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarification or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. So thank you once 
again for taking the time to join us on this call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy, that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now 
disconnect the lines. 
Disclaimer - The transcript has been edited for language, grammar, audibility and may not be a verbatim representation of the call. 
 
