TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
BSE LIMITED  
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
July 18, 2019 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Press Conference and Earnings Call held after the meeting of 
the Board of Directors on July 12, 2019.  
This is for your information and records. 
This will also be hosted on the company’s website at www.infosys.com 
Thanking You 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Infosys Limited 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above

 
 
 
 
 
INFOSYS PRESS CONFERENCE 
July 12, 2019 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
M E D I A 
 
Mugdha Variyar 
CNBC 
 
Agam Vakil 
BloombergQuint 
 
Rahul Dayama 
ET Now 
 
Furquan Moharkan 
Deccan Herald 
 
Swathi Moorthy 
Moneycontrol 
 
Rukmini Rao 
Business Today 
 
Arnab Paul 
Reuters 
 
Vivek Ananth 
The Hindu BusinessLine 
 
Shilpa Phadnis 
Times of India 

2 
 
 
Mini Tejaswi 
The Hindu 
 
Debasis Mohapatra 
Business Standard 
 
Srinath Srinivasan 
Financial Express 
 
Ayan Pramanik 
The Economic Times 
 
Nikita Periwal  
Cogencis 
 

3 
 
Moderator 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen and a warm welcome to the first quarter results for 
FY2020 press conference. We will begin the press conference with the opening remarks from 
our CEO and Managing Director, Mr. Salil S. Parekh followed by the Q&A session. Over to 
you Salil! 
Salil Parekh 
Good afternoon everyone. It is good to see all of you here and to address everyone who is 
listening and watching. I have a few remarks to start off with. Most of you here probably 
have seen the press release. We are delighted with the strong performance we have had at the 
start of the year. A 12.4% growth YoY, which is fantastic for us and we see all the traction in 
the market with that. We see over 41% growth in digital, so again it is exciting news for us. 
The large deals performance was critical and we could see, that was over $2.7 bn. So, we see 
a lot of things with respect to growth well in place. 
Second, operating margin comes in at 20.5% which is well above what the consensus was 
and on track to where we want to drive the rest of the year in terms of operational 
efficiencies. All of the investments are behind us and now we see a lot of operational 
efficiencies starting to kick in into operational margins and into our P&L. 
Next with all of that growth, excitement and changes we increase our revenue guidance. Our 
revenue guidance in constant currency was 7.5% to 9.5%. We now changed that to 8.5% to 
10%. We see a really strong client connect and relevance and with that we have changed our 
revenue guidance. 
We maintain operating margin guidance at 21% to 23% as it was at the start of the year. We 
also announced a change in our capital return policy. It was up to 70% of our free cash flow, 
that we were returning in different forms - dividends and buybacks. We now have a policy 
where approximately 85% of our free cash flow will be returned - again in different forms - 
dividends, buybacks and/or special dividends. 

4 
 
With that I will pause and I will open it up for questions. We have Pravin and Nilanjan here 
with me and looking forward to your questions. 
Moderator 
Before we open the floor for Q&A I would request you to ask one question per publication. 
We will begin with Electronic Media and the first question is from CNBC. 
Mugdha Variyar 
Great numbers, great deal wins, digital growth is great and of course you have raised the 
revenue guidance. Could you tell us where are you going to see the revenue coming mostly 
from - organic and inorganic? Could you tell us the contribution from the ABN AMRO deal, 
the Stater acquisition especially in the BFSI vertical? Retail and Life Sciences seem a little 
soft, by when do you see the recovery here? 
Salil Parekh 
We see the growth being broad based. You can see in what we share in the factsheet - many 
of our sectors are growing at double-digit - as an example the telco (Communications) sector 
EURS (Energy Utilities Resources & Services) business. We see that traction being quite 
strong. The guidance that we have given is for all of our business, we have not split that out 
as guidance between organic or inorganic. We are not announcing anything new today in the 
inorganic in that sense. In terms of Stater, that was already incorporated. We are not splitting 
that out but it is not a huge business relative to Infosys - it is a very strategic business, it is a 
new digital platform that we are putting together with that. For the rest, what we do see is a 
good traction in our large deals pipeline and we see today demand for all of our digital work 
where we have shown growth at 41.9%. That is giving us confidence to raise the guidance. 
Mugdha Variyar 
One question for Pravin and the other for Nilanjan. Pravin, the attrition still remains high at 
23.4%. Can you give us a timeline as to when this will come down and what are you doing on 
this? I will ask Nilanjan also a question, the operating margin is still a little low at 20.5%. Are 

5 
 
you comfortable with that band of 21% to 23% and by which quarter do you see that entering 
that band for the year? 
Pravin Rao 
Attrition is definitely higher than where we want it to be but there is a seasonality element to 
this. In Q1 historically you have a higher attrition because of people going for higher 
education. In addition, in this quarter we have had a higher percentage of involuntary attrition 
as well. In some sense this attrition is also a reflection of demand for talent. We are doing 
multiple things to address this. A big part of our attrition is at a lower level and in the current 
compensation review exercise we have tried to address it. We have launched a new employee 
value proposition and are taking initiatives around it. So we expect, over a period of time the 
attrition will come down to a manageable level. The high performer attrition is much lower 
than the overall attrition, so that is a positive thing. We will continue to focus on engaging 
with employees, giving them career opportunities, investing in their growth and also giving a 
very rewarding experience and differentiating high performers. We believe that some of these 
steps will take some time but over a period it should come down. So far we have not seen any 
impact of this attrition in terms of our deliverables and it is also reflecting in the growth that 
we have had. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Q1 is always a seasonally low quarter from margin perspective for the IT industry. Two big 
costs, which kicked in across are the costs for the visas which come through - this has had an 
impact on us in Q1 FY2019 as well - and also the compensation hikes - which we give at the 
beginning of the quarter. These are adequately built into our margin forecast of the full year 
of 21% to 23%; and we remain confident to achieve that band. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Bloomberg Quint 
Agam Vakil 

6 
 
The last year it was about stability and investments, this year you had suggested that it is 
going to be about momentum. My question then is will investments increase, decrease or 
remain the same in this particular year and what areas will be the focus when it comes to 
investments? Pravin, a word on subcontractor cost and external consultants, if you can give 
us a rough idea about what that is as a percentage of revenues - has that increased QoQ? YoY 
I am assuming it has, but if you can give us an idea on that? Nilanjan, given now that 85% of 
free cash flows will be returned to shareholders, how are we looking at the remaining 15% 
between capital expenditure and acquisitions for that matter? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start with the question. The first year as you shared was about stability, we mentioned 
over time momentum and really driving some of the growth activities. We are fortunate to see 
the growth coming in quite strongly in Q1, and with that demand we see the traction that I 
shared with you on digital and of course the increase in our guidance. In terms of 
investments, we are complete with all the investments that we announced as one-off. So, 
those are over, they are done, and there is no more of those investments. Our focus now is a 
very clear approach on operational efficiency and a disciplined way of managing our costs. 
There are always ongoing investments in the business of this scale, but those are not one-off 
investments. What we had launched last year was a little bit of a catch up on a few areas, for 
example sales, digital and so on, which we have now finished. Now our focus with this 
growth and the client relevance is to make sure that we have operational efficiency and cost 
discipline and ongoing investments, which come as cost of the business. 
Pravin Rao 
On the subcontractor front, it has marginally increased, it is about 7.5% of our revenues. Now 
the subcontractor is an integral part of our supply chain because there are two or three reasons 
why we go after subcontractors. One is obviously sometimes we have a shortage of new skills 
and subcontractor is a good route till we are able to ramp up. The second one is particularly 
onsite, many times we do not have enough time to fulfill or deploy people from here through 
the visa and other things. So, sometimes in the short-term we have to deploy subcontractors 
till we are able to backfill people from here with visas. It is a combination of things and in the 
last few quarters we have kept it in the band of 6.5% to 7.5%. We expect to stay in that range 

7 
 
because it is an integral part of our supply chain. Over a period of time we will rotate some of 
the subcontractors out, but there will always be subcontractors coming in to meet the demand. 
Nilanjan Roy 
On the free cash flow policy - firstly it is after capex, so capex is already built in. The return 
of balance will go up from 70% to 85%. That was the intent and we have been talking to a lot 
of investors - the shareholders - and one of the messages was if we do not have any need for 
that cash please return it and we heeded to that and that way it is quite progressive. The 
balance actually is for any tuck-in acquisitions, which we may have and our cash balance still 
is about 3.5bn, which we think is more than sufficient for what we look forward to. 
Moderator 
The next question is from ET Now 
Rahul Dayama 
Salil congratulations on an excellent set of numbers. Just want to dig deeper and understand 
where is this optimism really coming from. Of course the large deal signings have been great 
especially over the last four quarters, but Gartner has indicated that tech spends, especially 
globally, while there are a lot of large deal signings, the deal closures are getting delayed. Do 
you echo that sentiment or that is not really the case with Infosys? Just trying to dig deeper 
and understand the optimism from large deal signings really. 
Salil Parekh 
If you see Q1 we have had 12.4% YoY growth. The way this has been composed is not 
through any one channel or activity. It is quite broad based. If you look at each of our 
segments, most of our segments are now growing in double-digit in Q1. We see a lot of 
traction because the digital capabilities that we have invested in are things that our clients are 
really focused on and are appreciating. To give you a couple of examples in the area of 
insight, which is data and analytics, we see a lot of traction, a lot of movement. In the area of 
cloud, whether it is with partnership with the three large cloud providers or with some of the 
SAAS players, we see a good traction. In the area of experience, which is all the digital 

8 
 
design, we see a very good traction. We also see rejuvenation, new demand for SAP 
S/4HANA and those areas. So there is a set of broad based demand elements across our 
service lines. If you see for example, our BPM business, is growing rapidly in Q1, so it is not 
in any one place where we see it and my sense is, it is part of some of the investments that we 
put in place, especially in digital, and also in automation, which is helping us across the 
board. Hopefully this is something that we can sustain and drive through with the focus we 
have on digital. 
Rahul Dayama 
You are saying you can sustain this going ahead as well? 
Salil Parekh 
Yes, that is the reason we have increased our guidance. 
Rahul Dayama 
Pravin, two set of questions. One on BFSI, the last time you indicated that for full year you 
are still strong. I want to understand is this limited to some client specific issue in Europe or 
is this sort of broadening out to the US market as well - the pain points really as far as BFSI? 
Secondly the talent strategy for the US market, it is interesting that Infosys has applied for a 
higher number of H1B visas even as you go around with investments and localization. How 
will that really pan out going ahead? 
Pravin Rao 
On the BFSI segment, we had a good quarter, we had a double digit YoY growth on constant 
currency, partly aided by the Stater acquisition. Overall as I have said in the past as well, we 
are reasonably optimistic about our prospects in this space. In the large deal wins that we 
have had, three of the large deal wins this quarter have been from the BFSI segment. In the 
past as well we have had a good percentage of large deal wins from BFSI. While we see 
softness in the capital markets in both US and Europe, on the other hand we are seeing a lot 
of opportunities in cards and payments or in retail banking, corporate banking and so on 
driven by investments in digital transformation and legacy modernization. So we feel 
reasonably confident. Obviously there is softness in some part of the BSFI space but there are 

9 
 
also growth opportunities elsewhere. We have done well this quarter and we are hopeful in 
the future. 
Rahul Dayama 
On the US talents? 
Pravin Rao  
On the US talent one of the statistics is about two years back we had committed to recruit 
10000 people. We have just completed that - we have crossed that 10000, we have met the 
commitment. A good percentage of it comes from hiring from universities - about 2500 plus 
people. So that recruitment in US will still continue, we will continue to recruit, and we have 
tremendous demand for talent there. At the same time, we just talked about increase in 
subcon and so on. There is always demand for talent - so we also need to create opportunities 
from a supply chain perspective of having the ability to send people from here as well. So, 
that is one of the reasons we have applied for higher number of visas so that in the long run 
we will be able to meet our talent requirements in a much more agile manner and reduce the 
dependence on subcontractors. 
Rahul Dayama 
Nilanjan, on margins again I am sure everyone would sort of pitch in and want to understand 
this. The last time interestingly, Salil mentioned there is no structural issue with the margin 
structure, the IT business continues to be a high margin game, do you still echo that 
sentiment? As far as localization efforts are concerned, a large part of it has happened so 
what are the levers you have in the coming quarters apart from operational efficiency and 
automation. While of course analysts were penciling an impact wage hike, when would the 
margins get better?  
Nilanjan Roy 
If you see the RPP this quarter, it has gone up versus the previous quarters how much we 
realized per person, you can see the FTE as well. From the perspective of elements of how do 
we influence the margins going forward - of course automation is in the core of what we do 

10 
 
and we do it for ourselves, our clients and we continue to see productivity improvements in 
that. The bigger cost is of course our onsite employment cost and onsite-offshore mix is 
something we continuously optimize in projects. Also creating onsite pyramid - a big part of 
that - as Pravin mentioned, is the whole hub structure and the localization. So, we were able 
to take many freshers into our system and create a much more cost efficient pyramid model 
and we think that is quite unique for us. All of this will play out as the year progresses. We 
have had these first quarter impacts, which are, as I said, seasonal for the industry; but if we 
look forward into a guidance of 21% to 23%, then we are sitting at 20.5%. Of course our 
margins will have to go up as the year progresses and we are quite confident of that. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Deccan Herald 
Furquan Moharkan 
Sir basically a couple of questions. The first is on buybacks we have seen the government 
proposing a 20% taxation on this thing. Now Infosys has frequently been doing buybacks, a 
couple of them in the past two to three years, so how do you strategize on that front now that 
investors would get impacted because of the 20% taxation, how do you strategize on that 
front. The second question is I can see you have stopped reporting hiring numbers from this 
quarter and there is no explanation, which ideally should have been there. There is no 
explanation whatsoever in the factsheet that you have provided, can we know more about it 
why have you stopped reporting on hiring numbers? 
Nilanjan Roy 
We give the net adds and the attrition figures any case so it is quite easy to derive. We just 
thought it did not make sense to add the gross adds, because from the net add and the attrition 
figure it is quite easy to get the gross adds. We just removed some of the redundant 
information.  
We are going to continue our existing buyback as planned by the board. We have already 
finished about Rs. 6000 odd crores of buyback till the end of last week and we have about 

11 
 
Rs.2200 odd crores left and the board has approved the continuation of buyback during this 
quarter.  
Moderator 
The next question is from Money Control 
Swathi Moorthy 
There has been a little concern about the hikes for the senior level job band. I have come to 
know that a couple of them have not even got the hike which they usually get in April and 
which is payable sometime in July? 
Pravin Rao 
We have always staggered the hikes. People at a lower level typically get hikes starting April. 
At the middle level they start getting by July and for senior management it is starting 
October. So that is something we have had in the recent years so there is no change in that 
approach. This time it at a lower level for some small percentage of population we moved it 
from April to July. These are things we keep on verifying at period of times but other than 
that there has been no change in any strategy and what we said in April is something similar. 
Swathi Moorthy 
And again regarding the attrition, 23.4% is quite high and you did mention that you are doing 
a lot of efforts. But could you please let us know when do you see that reducing? We have 
been seeing that is increasing over the quarters consistently 23% (Q1), and 20.4% (Q4) - now 
it is 23.4%. Could you give a timeline on that? 
Pravin Rao 
We have to persevere on that. As I said earlier it is something which we do not want - it is 
higher than where we want it to be. At the same time it has not really impacted our day-to-
day business. There are a lot of efforts including addressing the pockets of areas where we 
had challenges through the current compensation review. We have tried to enrich the 
experience for people, a lot of efforts in terms of engaging with them better, a lot of things 

12 
 
around interesting work, a lot of investments in the career opportunities, a lot of opportunities 
for cross movement, rotation and so on. There is a continuous dialogue, we take feedback and 
we continue to work on it. This is something we have to continue to do - difficult to predict 
when it will come down, but we will continue our efforts on that. 
Swathi Moorthy 
And also could you give an idea on how many joining letters were sent this year on quarter 
basis, the number of people who have been inducted? 
Pravin Rao 
Overall for this quarter we have recruited close to 8000 people, freshers about 2500 or 
something and for the year we are looking at about 18000 people or so from the universities 
perspective. 
Swathi Moorthy 
Sir a little higher than the figure you had given last time? 
Pravin Rao 
I do not remember what I gave but this is something we keep on calibrating based on the 
business and the outcome.  
Moderator 
The next question is from Business Today 
Rukmini Rao 
Going back to the capital allocation policy the company with ethos of conserving capital 
now, your promoters have been talking about capital conversation all along, 85% of free cash 
flow you are willing to give back to your shareholders, how much of leeway do you have if 
you are looking at a bigger acquisition or is this an indication of you not looking at any kind 
of bigger acquisitions or your bandwidth to go out and chase the market. The other thing 

13 
 
Pravin is a little more clarity on the hiring numbers as such and your peer has gone ahead and 
hired big time, the biggest in the last five years and they are saying that they are looking at 
the kind of growth and really bulking up their talent to be able to reach out to the market 
when need be. If you are seeing growth and you are anticipating demand, etc., your readiness 
in terms of your own talent supply that you have, how is that being managed, if 18000 is what 
you look to rollout but at the end of the day how many people join is again a bit of question? 
Nilanjan Roy 
On the capital allocation, this is a free cash flow positive business except for any M&A you 
really do not need the cash and the shareholders have been telling us loud and clear that you 
rather give me the cash back than put in the bank and get me 6%; and that was the whole 
ethos that if the value creation in their hands is going to be more, we should return the cash 
back. Now having said that, we kept 15% like I mentioned earlier for any tuck-in acquisition, 
our balance sheet is still strong, it is healthy. We still have $3.5 bn so we can at any point of 
time dig into these reserves whenever we want and at this moment we felt it was okay to give 
85% back and we are quite confident around it.  
Rukmini Rao 
And your capital allocation policy as such, it is a lot more fluid than what it used to be, 
looking at it on a year on year basis? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes we would want to have a progressive dividend policy. We want to have a room for 
giving special dividends as you see in the policy the way it is announced and that is the way 
our investors have been telling us is to have more a stable consistent growth oriented 
dividend policy and that will give us more headroom over the years to return this cash back. 
Pravin Rao 
On the hiring front, the numbers I gave is the numbers we are recruiting from the campuses. 
We also hire lateral during the year. We know what the demand is, we know the anticipated 
attrition and today the utilization is around 83%. In the past we have operated at an utilization 

14 
 
of 84% to 85%. We have enough leeway in the system - in our operating model to deal with 
whatever demand that comes. So it is less of an issue and I think we are comfortable. 
Salil Parekh 
Just to add to it, if we step back, the big picture for us is we have 12.4% growth in Q1. So we 
are not talking about the fact that we will recruit some people for some demand that will 
show up in the future. This is the demand today and we are driving the growth. We have $2.7 
bn in large deals we have won today; so we are not talking about a concept of recruiting some 
people for our future work. Our growth is evident in our numbers today and that is what 
really is critical and that is how we look at the business going forward as opposed to proxy 
measures, which are other measures for going forward. In terms of M&A or capital return, we 
want to be very clear, that 85% return is a discipline to return cash back because we have 
investors who want to see this discipline and we as the management team and a company 
want to be disciplined about it. Having said that we still have 15% to buy things, we have 
$3.5 bn on our balance sheet if you want to buy something. We have one of the best balance 
sheet there is anyway certainly in this country or outside. So we can raise any amount of debt 
that we want to, if we want to buy something. There is no constraint this puts on us from an 
M&A perspective. All it is doing is putting a discipline where we are going to return this 
money because that is the right way we think the business should be run. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Reuters 
Arnab Paul 
So you have increased your revenue growth guidance, but the macro challenges still exist 
right? So I just wanted to understand in the US and in Europe what sort of challenges are you 
expecting and which verticals do you think will be under pressure? 
Salil Parekh 
On the macro, I think if you see the global economy today at least the US Q2 and Q1 - so our 
Q4, Q1 here - they have had good growth in the economy. If you look at our growth today, a 

15 
 
lot of it is coming from the investments we have put into and the scale we are building in 
digital. That demand we see - I am not saying, it is good forever - but from what we see 
today, we can see this is supportive of the guidance we have given. This is not to say that the 
macros are now going to be rosy all the time but within what we see today in terms of the 
client connects we have, the business we have generated and the demand that we see in these 
new areas, that is where we have given the guidance between 8.5% and 10%. So we have 
narrowed the band and increased a little bit the bottom and the top end of the band. So it is a 
way to indicate that we see some confidence in our business. There are some concerns as 
Pravin will share in some of the segments, for example in the last quarter we talked about 
some pockets of manufacturing in Europe, we talked about life sciences, those are things that 
are not going away in that sense. But we still see a good growth - one of our segments 
growing at 20% YoY and another one is at 17% YoY. So that allows us to build a little bit of 
confidence, because we have a really diversified business within Infosys. 
Moderator 
The next question is from The Hindu Business Line 
Vivek Ananth 
I was just listening to your answers about the capital allocation policy. So if you are saying 
that after increasing the payout to your investors based on your free cash flow, based on your 
growth and your margin guidance, you are expecting at the same level to be able to pay your 
investors. This means that you have already baked your growth in the future for the next five 
years because you obviously cannot change it again - very soon I mean? 
Salil Parekh 
We have said that we will return approximately 85% of our free cash flow in a cumulative 
five-year span. It is cumulative because with different laws, rules and regulations, we cannot 
make commitments on any one pattern of return. We have a commitment on dividend and we 
will be consistent with it and there are other components, buybacks and special dividends. 
We cannot make a commitment per year given the laws and regulations but it does not imply 
anything else beyond that. It simply says 85% of the free cash flow. 

16 
 
Vivek Ananth 
Can you update about the retail sector? One of your competitors had mentioned that there are 
some growth issues like some stores like Sears is shutting down all over the world, so that has 
impacted their business. Are you seeing any impacts of the retail sector, the brick and mortar 
stores reducing their stores, does that impact you in any way? 
Pravin Rao 
See retail sector normally will fairly be volatile because they are tightly linked to the 
consumer sentiments and the macro. So you will see some volatility on a QoQ basis. For us 
last year, first half we had a fantastic growth in retail and it slowed down in the second half. 
But this quarter, we have slowly started seeing some uptick in retail. So we do find a lot of 
retailers continue to invest because there is a tremendous urgency to compete with the likes 
of Amazon, Facebook, Google and so on. So there is a continued investment opportunity 
within retail on the digital transformation, a lot of investments in terms of multichannel, store 
experience and so on. As compared to last quarter, we have seen some uptick in retail this 
quarter, but again we have always consistently said, that is one sector where probably you 
will see some degree of volatility depending on the macro and the consumer sentiment. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Times of India 
Shilpa Phadnis 
Sir, your digital revenues have crossed a billion dollars, can you break it down for us and 
secondly as much as there is so much momentum in the digital segment, the revenue per 
employee does not really reflect that in fact it has been flat and it has come down from 2017-
18. So revenue per employee is that a good measure of even considering your digital 
momentum that you are seeing in the market and secondly, we hear there are some 
redundancies already in job levels VII and above. So, is it an annual exercise which is bottom 
trimming of 5% to 10%, if you can give us a clarity on that? 
Salil Parekh  

17 
 
We do not break down the digital beyond what we share in the information, so as you know 
we have internally at least five areas that we are very concentrated on and we see good 
traction in those, but we do not break it down in terms of disclosure in the market. In terms of 
revenue per employee, the way we look at it internally is, there are two distinct types of 
businesses. The digital - where we have shared in the past that we see a better margin profile 
compared to the overall company and that is what we continue to see. So now with about 
36% of our business in that space and the growth that we see, we can now clearly see a 
situation where we will flip the business in the near future and that will give us more and 
more traction. So the revenue per employee unfortunately as a combination of everything 
today and we look it at internally a little bit differently. In terms of redundancies, we have no 
comments. We have an ongoing approach to our business and how we look at operational 
efficiencies and that is what we talk about. 
Shilpa Phadnis 
Also you have about 10000 people in the US. So if you can talk about the utilization there, is 
it optimally utilized or is it a partial utilization in comparison with your deal pipeline, if you 
can just take us through that? 
Salil Parekh 
So we do not break up the utilization we share externally into different geographies. We feel 
we have a lot of operational levers at our disposal to help us to improve our operational 
business metrics. One of them is the utilization. My own sense is that most of our levers, we 
can do better but those are not statistics we normally share.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the Hindu.  
Mini Tejaswi 
Most of the questions around attrition have already been taken but I still have a few more to 
ask. Pravin just spoke about this manageable level of attrition, can you tell what exactly that 
level is going to be and also recently the US actually lifted this country cap on the green card. 

18 
 
So is that going to be any good for you. Also how many visas have you applied so far this 
year? 
Pravin Rao 
Every year we apply for a percentage of green card and we do not see any change in that 
approach. It is only that some of the processing of green card will be much faster and there 
may be more number of people eligible. And we do not really talk about the number of visas 
we have filed.  
Historically when the business was relatively stable, we used to have attrition between 13% 
to 15% but today we see a lot of disruptions happening, a lot of shortage of talent, a lot of 
new technologies coming into place, a lot of demand for skills. So this is a cycle where the 
industry itself is going through disruption. So it is very difficult to comment what is 
manageable or not but our approach is to make sure that we are able to retain the best talent 
internally, we have less dependencies on subcontractors or we will reduce the effort in terms 
of hiring if we are able to retain more. So in normal circumstance 13%-15% is what we have 
seen in the past but I would not call today’s environment normal because we still see a lot of 
shortage of talent and a lot of adoption of newer technologies and there is a huge talent gap. 
We will continue to see some higher degree of attrition. 
 
Moderator 
The next question is from Business Standard 
Debasis Mohapatra 
On the back of the envelope when I calculate the P&L on the reported currency side, it seems 
that the incremental revenue actually which Infosys is earning is at a higher cost. You have 
also said beforehand that the company is not entering into a structural thing where your 
margins are declining but it is not reflected in numbers, I just need a view on that. Secondly 
you have taken a lot of initiatives in signing up JVs and the large deal momentums were also 
good. In Q1, how much of the revenue is actually coming from those kind of initiatives and 

19 
 
how much of the deal that you have signed, I think $2 bn [1.57bn] worth in Q4 of last fiscal, 
how much of it has actually ramped in and reflected in the revenue in this quarter? And 
thirdly, don’t you think when you increased your revenue guidance to double digits; when 
you see the core revenue, it is actually flat and on the reported currency side, it is actually 
negative! What drives that optimism that we will be able to achieve a double digit revenue 
growth number when 70% of your revenue is still in the core and is actually declining or flat? 
Salil Parekh 
I will start with the last one. We have increased the range in our guidance from 8.5% to 10%. 
It is not that our guidance is only 10%, so it is not a double digit guidance to be very clear, 
but it is part of the guidance and that is what we are driving to. What we see is a lot of growth 
in digital. To answer part of the other question, we do not disclose the amount of revenue 
from Q4 large deals, but that is already starting to flow in. The JVs that you mentioned were 
strategic JVs, the two which were extremely strategic were with Hitachi and Temasek. As we 
had shared at that stage those are small starting JVs and we have a long term view of these. 
They are already contributing revenue for us in Q1 but those are not the big ones. The big 
contribution obviously is from the deals we have signed.  
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, so I think a few of you had already asked this question. I think last year to this year, as 
you have seen, we have made those strategic investments, which we called out when we 
rolled out ‘navigating your next’ strategy about digitization and localization and the sales 
investments. Like we said, that is behind us last year and as we look forward to this year, our 
guidance which is 21% to 23%, actually reflects a stabilization of our margin profile. We are 
at 20.5% and that was largely because of the one-offs, which is factored into the guidance. So 
like I said going forward we expect this margin profile to improve as the year progresses.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the Financial Express 
Srinath Srinivasan 

20 
 
I want to know what are the business segments having demands for cognitive technologies 
and enterprise cloud technologies the ones you have mentioned here and also are you 
increasing your number of product packages, the service packages in the modern technology 
side and how are you managing talent for that across geographies? 
Salil Parekh 
In Enterprise cloud we see the demand in every segment. So even in segments where we have 
indicated overall weakness, say life sciences, we see really good traction for the cloud space 
and there are two types of demand. One is, the enterprise cloud players which we are 
partnering with AWS, Azure or Google Cloud and we see demand in each of those three. The 
other is SAAS companies as an example salesforce.com or ServiceNow and we see demand 
in those areas as well and it is across all segments in some more, some less but it is really a 
broad-based demand. In terms of talent and how we look at it, we are in the process today of 
really making all of our company into an agile development shop. All of our offices, 
locations are being refitted. For example, two weeks ago we launched a new digital design 
studio in the UK, we have a very exciting digital design lab here in Bangalore and it looks 
like a very different type of environment and this is one of the ways, building those 
capabilities, the environments that enables talent in that space to work, succeed and thrive. So 
those are the approaches we are taking to those areas.  
Srinath Srinivasan 
The kind of skills you just mentioned about, how are you managing the talent demand for that 
in those geographies?  
Salil Parekh 
So there is a lot of focus on both reskilling and also on making sure that we bring in freshers 
talent from colleges straight to make sure we train them from the start. The reskilling 
program is something we put in place with our own platform Lex, where we have now almost 
all of our employees having access and have downloaded it. A lot of them are using it almost 
35 minutes a day to drive all of this activity in the reskilling. So we have a lot of that traction 
in the reskilling here itself and then we also bring in talent which is from adjacent spaces and 

21 
 
we do refactoring of that talent or skilling them in these new areas and those are the 
techniques that we are using. Having said that it is a constrained environment because there is 
not enough supply and this is something we have to work on every day. 
Moderator 
The next question is from Economic Times 
Ayan Pramanik 
Congratulations Salil on good numbers, just a couple of questions. Now that you have 
completed 10000 hiring’s in the U.S., do you have another target for this region? And I think 
Infosys has been talking about non-STEM hiring as well. So, if you can give us by now what 
is the percentage of non-STEM employees who are into design thinking in all other areas like 
liberal arts students and all that? So if you can give that percentage? One final question on 
Japan, I think you completed that joint venture with Hitachi and I think Japan Government is 
coming up with the guideline from August 1, 2019 saying foreign companies cannot have 
majority holding in hi-tech areas and you are going to have 81% holding there, so any 
thoughts on that? 
Salil Parekh 
On the US numbers, we have no new numbers to announce today, we are really delighted that 
the 10000 is complete, we have an internal target for sure and we are progressing very 
rapidly, but at the right moment we will share that in terms of announcements. In terms of 
non-STEM, it is a huge program both in the US, in Europe and in India. The US for 
community colleges, for design skills, we have the partnership with Rhode Island School of 
Design but with many other community colleges across different states and that is going on. 
Again we have not shared any stats on the percentage that is being recruited, but we are 
already doing that in the US, we are also doing some of that in India where we are doing not 
much non-STEM but three-year program versus four-year program within the talent base. In 
terms of Japan we will look at what this regulation mention is, I am not aware of it and see 
how that impacts us. 
Moderator 

22 
 
The next question is from Cogencis 
Nikita Periwal  
Your deal wins during the quarter have significantly been higher than the expectations, I want 
to understand is there any bunching up of deals that have happened and how do you see this 
sustaining going ahead and secondly any impact from the restructuring in Deutsche Bank? 
Salil Parekh 
The restructuring in Deutsche Bank I read in the papers today is impacting some people. 
Nikita Periwal  
What is the impact for Infosys Sir? 
Salil Parekh 
As I said I read somewhere that it is impacting some people but we have no impact that we 
want to discuss. On bunching up of deals, the large deals are always bunched up. They are 
volatile. We have been fortunate to get very good large deals wins. I think Q2 [FY19] was 
very strong, Q1 [FY20] is very strong. So within quarters, there will be some volatility - we 
do not have forecast on when it will be. But these things are not something that happens 
consistently over time.  
Moderator 
Thank you everyone.  

 
 
 
 
 
“Infosys Earnings Call” 
Q1 FY2020 
July 12, 2019 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Ravi Kumar S 
President, Deputy Chief Operating Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller and Head-Investor Relations 
 
Mohit Joshi 
President, Head, Banking, Financial Services & Insurance (BFSI), Healthcare and Life 
Sciences Head, Infosys Brazil and Infosys Mexico 
 
A N A LY S T S 
Edward Caso 
Wells Fargo 
 
Moshe Katri 
Wedbush Securities 
 
Ankur Rudra 
CLSA 
 
Sandeep Shah 
CGS-CIMB 
 
Jared Levine 
Cowen 

2 
 
Ravi Menon 
Elara Securities 
 
Parag Gupta 
Morgan Stanley 
 
Diviya Nagarajan 
UBS 
 
Joseph Foresi 
Cantor Fitzgerald 
 
Ashish Chopra 
Motilal Oswal Securities 
 
Sandip Agarwal 
Edelweiss 
 

3 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions, after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello, everyone and welcome to Infosys’ earnings call to discuss Q1 FY2020 Earnings 
Release. I am Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in Bengaluru. Joining us today on 
this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh, COO, Mr. Pravin Rao, CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy 
along with other members of the senior management team. 
We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company by Salil 
followed by comments from Pravin and Nilanjan, subsequent to which we will open up the 
call for questions. 
Please note that anything, which we say, which refers to our outlook for the future is a 
forward-looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. A full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with 
the SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass it on to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you, Sandeep. Good afternoon and good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you 
for joining us today.  
Infosys has delivered a strong quarter and I am pleased with our overall performance as we 
continue to demonstrate our increasing relevance to clients. 

4 
 
Our constant currency growth YoY for Q1 was 12.4%, which is the third consecutive quarter 
of double-digit growth. Our digital revenue growth was 41.9% and digital revenue now 
accounts for 35.7% of our overall business. The large deals TCV was the highest ever at 
$2.7bn. Our operating margin for Q1 was at 20.5%. We saw broad based growth across our 
industry segments, service lines and geographies. In constant currency YoY, our Telco 
[Communications] segment grew 22.6% and North America geography 13.5%. We continue 
to benefit from building deeper capabilities across our digital portfolio especially in the areas 
of experience, data, analytics, cloud, SaaS, IoT, cyber security, AI and machine learning. 
Our overall deal pipeline witnessed growth in Q1 and we can see that we are winning market 
share in this competitive environment. While there are many aspects of our strategy that came 
together to make these impressive first quarter results possible, I want to focus on how we are 
scaling our digital business with a few examples.  
For a telecom major we are helping to build a new digital customer experience for their 
clients, which bring together channels such as Alexa, mobile apps, chatbots, online and 
contact centers in an omnichannel mode and provide improved customer engagement. We 
worked with a large automotive client to help them navigate the digital transformation 
journey delivering for them future ready, scalable, digital hybrid cloud platform that is 
supportive of digital workspace. We have been engaged to deliver cutting edge digital 
capabilities for a leading US insurance company. We are partnering with them to build a 
digital policy administration services leveraging the Infosys McCamish platform. We are 
enabling a large utility to build advanced planning in engineering systems to forecast 
dynamic nature of future electricity demand to help them plan and build their grids and 
leverage green energy policies and rising usage of distributed energy resources. 
I am particularly pleased that we have opened another digital experience design and 
innovation studio, which was last month in Shoreditch in London, where we were able to co-
create digital experiences with our clients. I am delighted to share that our employee 
reskilling program Lex, our learning platform now covers a near 100% of our employees 
globally with employees already leveraging the Lex app each week to develop their skills. 
We also want to touch upon some external recognition we have received. Infosys has been 
recognized as a leader in the SAP, S/4HANA Services by NelsonHall, for Global API 

5 
 
Strategy by The Forrester Wave and in the Public Cloud Infrastructure Managed Services 
area in the Gartner Magic Quadrant. 
Now that we see our clients’ confidence in us increasing with increased market share gains, 
we are focusing as well on operational efficiency and cost discipline. We have now 
completed all our investments that we outlined last year when we started our strategic 
direction program. All future investments will come from within our P&L and they are not 
specific as one-off investments that we had outlined last year. Over the coming quarters, I am 
looking forward to see the benefits of these operational improvements reflect in our business.  
Given the evolution of our business outlook, we are now changing our revenue guidance. We 
move from 7.5%-9% in constant currency to 8.5%-10% in constant currency. We retain our 
margin guidance at 21%-23% for the full year. Later on, in the call, Nilanjan will share with 
you our new capital return policy. With that let me hand it over to Pravin. 
Pravin Rao 
Thank you Salil. Hello everyone. In Q1, we saw acceleration in YoY constant currency 
growth to 12.4%; this was supported by our highest ever large deal TCV. 
Five of our business segments, Financial Services, Communication, Energy Utilities 
Resources & Services, Manufacturing and Hi-Tech clocked double-digit YoY growth in 
constant currency. North America, Europe and Rest of the World also grew double-digit YoY 
in constant currency. 
Utilization excluding trainees during the quarter improved to 83.1%. Client metrics remained 
strong, number of 100 mn clients increased by 2 to 27. We completed the first leg of 
compensation increases in Q1. Rest of the employees barring leadership will receive their 
comp increases effective from July 1, 2019. While overall attrition increased, this was largely 
due to seasonality since employees leave us to pursue higher studies in Q1. We continue to 
focus on strengthening the employee engagement, accelerated carrier path for top performers, 
greater learning opportunities and performance-based differentiation.  
Large deal win momentum continued in Q1. We won 13 large deals with a TCV of $2.7bn 
including the recently closed Stater deal with ABN AMRO. Three deals each in Financial 

6 
 
Services and Retail verticals, two deal each in Communication and Energy Utilities 
Resources & Services and Manufacturing verticals, while one deal was in Life Sciences. 
Geography wise, eight were from Americas, four were from Europe and one from Rest of the 
World. The share of new deals in overall large deal TCV was about 55%. 
We have reached our localization target in the USA and have recruited more than 10000 local 
employees. 
Let me come to the business segments. Financial Services vertical continued its growth 
acceleration aided by recent Stater acquisition. We are seeing some challenges due to 
ongoing merger and acquisition situation in some US banks and also in capital market 
business in Europe and US. However, there are also growth opportunities in consumer, 
corporate and commercial banking, cards and payments and wealth management driven by 
digital transformation and technology modernization. We remain reasonably optimistic about 
growth prospects in FS due to increase in win rates and increase in our large deal pipeline. 
Stater deal will help in strengthening our mortgaging servicing capabilities through digital 
platforms and enhance our presence in Europe. 
Growth in Retail is driven by large deal wins, opening new logos, and differentiation on 
digital deals. There is acceleration in spending towards digital, IT simplification and 
modernization to improve customer experience. CPG industry is seeing more consolidation 
and clients are asking for integrated BPO and technology services. 
Growth in Communication segment remained strong due to ramp up of deals won in earlier 
quarters. We continue to win large deals within the segment. With the 5G race picking up, the 
wireless Telcos are under pressure to invest and maintain leadership. In 5G, underlying 
technologies such as cognitive radio, small cells and smart antennas are becoming prominent. 
We are already working with our customers in advanced IoT used cases.  
Energy Utilities Resources & Services maintained the strong growth momentum and we 
expect broad based growth to continue in this fiscal on the back of continued momentum in 
top accounts and new account openings. Utilities are spending towards customer experience 
and digital transformation, Resources are spending towards BPO, IT and ERP upgrades. 

7 
 
Manufacturing vertical is seeing some impact from global trade wars especially in Europe 
with cost cutting initiatives being in place in multiple clients. Customers are looking towards 
digitalization of end-to-end processes with a strong focus on weaving, mobile, IoT and 
backend system seamlessly to provide a superior customer experience. 
In Healthcare, while we have won one some important deals; M&A in the sector and 
spending cutbacks will impact growth. Life Sciences segment also is impacted due to cost 
cutting initiatives by clients due to revenue pressures. 
Our digital narrative in the market continues to amplify based on the foundation of five 
pillars -Experience, Insight, Innovate, Accelerate and Assure - and the five accelerators - 
Proximity+, Agile+, Automation+, Learning+ and Design+. We are seeing good success in 
our digital business in terms of revenue momentum and order book. There is continued 
demand in data & analytics, cloud, SaaS, user experience, security and IoT. In the last quarter 
Infosys was rated as leader in six of the digital services related capabilities including in 
Modernization, IoT, Experience and Security. 
With that I will hand over to Nilanjan. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks. Hello everyone and welcome to our Q1 FY20 earnings call.  
Our revenues in Q1 were $3.13bn - growing by 12.4% YoY in constant currency terms. This 
was our third consecutive quarter of double-digit constant currency growth. The sequential 
revenue growth in constant currency was 2.8% including 60bps from Stater acquisition. 
Operating margin in Q1 was 20.5% compared to 21.5% in Q4. 
During the quarter, the rupee appreciated by 1.1% against the USD, while USD strengthened 
against other major global currencies, which impacted operating margins by 40 basis points. 
In addition, margins were impacted by 60 basis points due to compensation increase, 80 basis 
points due to expenses on new visas largely for H-1B and 20 basis points due to Stater 
acquisition. These increases were partially neutralized by increases in utilization, which 
helped margins by 70 basis points, increase in realization and other cost efficiencies by 20 

8 
 
basis points and a minor impact of IFRS 16 adoption of 10 basis points. This led to a 1% drop 
in operating margins compared to Q4. 
Operating cash flows in Q1 was $630 mn and free cash flow was $485 mn after capex of 145 
mn. The increase in capex is in line with our previously announced plans of creating new 
capacities in SEZs and overseas locations. 
DSO for the quarter increased by two days to 68 days largely due to the HIPUS and Stater 
deals. We had similar benefits in creditors in line with the HIPUS business model.  
Rupee appreciation continued in Q1. However, effective hedging program ensured that we 
had 16th consecutive quarter of gains in non-operating income. Our hedge book was $2.5bn 
at the end of the quarter. Yield on other income improved to 8.1% from 7.91% in Q4. 
Effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.4% versus 26.8% for FY2019. EPS increased by 
3.2% YoY. 
We have made further progress on executing our capital allocation program announced in 
April 2018. Out of the maximum buyback size of Rs.8260 Crores we have completed over 
70% of the buyback at Rs.5934 Crores so far. We plan to finish the balance in Q2 
notwithstanding the recent imposition of taxes on buybacks. During Q1 we also completed 
payout of final dividend of Rs.10.50 per share for FY2019. 
Cash and cash equivalents declined to $3570 mn due to pay out of final dividends and 
buyback in Q1 of $1337 mn. ROE has increased to 25.8% in Q1 compared to 22.7% in Q4- 
an increase of over 3%. 
As we look to be a more diverse company, we have now started including metrics of our 
gender ratio, which now stands at 37%.  
Consistent with our previously articulated objective for enhancing returns for our investors, I 
am happy to announce that the company has revised its capital allocation policy. As part of 
the same, effective FY2020, the company expects to return approximately 85% of the free 
cash flows cumulatively over a five-year period through a combination of semi-annual 
dividends and/or shared buybacks and/or special dividend subject to applicable laws and 

9 
 
requisite approvals, if any. We believe this progressive policy will further improve 
shareholder returns and provide more predictable cash flows for our shareholders.  
We have revised our FY2020 revenue growth guidance to 8.5%-10% in constant currency 
terms. We are maintaining the operating margin band at 21%-23% despite the rupee 
appreciation. We expect operating margins for the remaining year to improve versus Q1 
subject to a stable currency environment. This margin improvement will be driven by 
continuous deployment of our operational efficiencies like utilization, rationalizing pyramid, 
onsite offshore mix, automation and other overhead efficiency measures.  
With that we can open up the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Edward Caso from Wells Fargo. Please go 
ahead. 
Edward Caso 
Thank you for taking my call and congrats on the quarter. Could you provide some color on 
why you are having such success with the large deal wins and how much of it is price and 
how much of it is positioning; and may be split the two, split the wins between legacy and 
digital?  
Salil Parekh 
To answer the question, Ed, I think part of what we see in terms of large deals is some of the 
investments we have made in our digital capabilities. They come together as part of a 
collective where clients are looking to modernize their tech landscape and us being large 
incumbent players with longstanding relationships, puts us in a place of advantage with these 
new capabilities combined with some of the areas, there are longstanding projects and 
contracts for us. In addition to that the way we have looked at segmenting which sectors we 
go after, and in part segmenting which potential competitors that we should look at 
differentiating versus. Those are techniques that have helped us and overall, we see an 

10 
 
increased engagement and intensity with our clients that is helping us. However, as you know 
well, large deals are by design lumpy. We have been fortunate in Q3, Q4 and Q1 to have very 
strong large deals numbers. These numbers for the year we are very confident about, but each 
quarter as you know could be up and down. 
Edward Caso 
My other question is, you still have close to $4 bn in cash on your balance sheet, I assume 
that is more than you need. You raised the deployment of ongoing free cash flow. What are 
the thoughts of potentially deploying some of the unnecessary cash on your balance sheet? 
Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So, the for the ongoing cash flows - as you rightly point out, we have made the change. What 
we have in the balance sheet, as you know, we have some part of our buyback that is still to 
be completed. So, that will be used in this current buyback. We have plans over time to make 
sure that our balance sheet is efficient. As we look around, we will look to see if that means 
doing more within the laws and regulations - buybacks or looking at other uses if we find 
small appropriate acquisitions that we can look at. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Moshe Katri 
Congrats on a very strong TCV numbers. Just going back to some of the metrics that are 
related to the quarter. We are getting a lot of questions about organic growth specifically the 
ABN AMRO contribution and then how much did that actually add to the guidance raised for 
the fiscal year. Then a final point here, you have sustained your margin targets but then what 
is embedded there in terms of FX moves in terms of the Indian Rupee versus some of the 
currencies and obviously given the fact that we have seen a reversal there in the past few 
weeks?  

11 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
So, the ABN Stater acquisition, this was already built into our guidance at the beginning of 
the year when we announced that it takes into account all future acquisitions. So our guidance 
increase has only got to do with more organic confidence in what we are seeing the market. 
As I said, the impact of the acquisition was 60 basis points on a sequential basis embedded in 
in the 2.8% QoQ CC growth.  
We had given a guidance at the start of the year of 21%-23% on the margins and that was 
when the dollar was closer to 69.50 versus the rupee. We have absorbed 40 basis points this 
quarter but now at 68.50 we still remain confident that we will be able to hit 21%-23%. Of 
course, this is predicated on the dollar remaining where it is now. Like I said we have 
multiple levers on operational efficiencies. We have already seen that kicking in this quarter. 
Our utilization’s up nearly 70 basis points, which had fallen before and of course we have the 
automation benefits - how we can make our fixed priced projects more productive - we have 
the whole onsite pyramid. So, there are number of levers that we continuously deploy and 
that is giving us the confidence that we will be able to hit the year’s margin target of 21%-
23%.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you. Congratulations and appreciate the increase in payout ratios. To start with maybe 
you could comment a bit on what drove the increase in guidance, was this better than the 
expected deal wins in the quarter or any change in perception of weaknesses in verticals 
going into the year specifically in Financial Services or Manufacturing? Also is there any 
reason to narrow the guidance band on revenues so early in the year? 
Salil Parekh 
On the guidance itself, the main reason was with this trend of growth in Q1 which was 12.4% 
CC YoY on the back of two other quarters Q4 and Q3 of last year being double-digit and 

12 
 
what we see in our pipeline - our large deal pipeline has improved from April 1 through now 
and of course some of the wins in the quarter - all of those things put together give us a level 
of comfort to raise this guidance from 7.5%-9.5% to 8.5%-10%. In terms of specific 
segments, you heard when Pravin shared the view on segments, those are what we see across 
different segments. On the narrowing of the band, our thought was - given we are one quarter 
into the year, as we increased the guidance, we felt it was perhaps more appropriate at this 
stage to narrow the band given what we were seeing. 
Ankur Rudra 
A question on your US or local graduate program globally, it has probably been almost three 
years now and you said you achieved your initial targets. Given that you probably have a lot 
of learnings about this program now, could you share what has been the experience here in 
terms of scalability of this type of supply, the kind of pricing, utilization, attrition, kind of 
parameters you get and also client acceptances specifically compared to your traditional 
model on site? 
Ravi Kumar S 
Yes, there have been quite a bit of learnings on how to hire, how to staff on programs and of 
course how to retain, and how do we create a trajectory to building a sustainable model for 
the future, partnerships with colleges to set the training up. Going beyond STEM, we actually 
went to liberal arts schools and design schools, which is new to us all across the world and 
then we started experimenting with community colleges as well, which is again new to us and 
to the industry. So it is an exhaustive list of learnings on how can we sharpen this model and 
continue to sustain it on a long-term. 
Ankur Rudra 
Could you add some color in terms of how scalable do you this is going forward and where 
does the pricing and utilization and attrition sit versus a traditional onsite and offshore supply 
models? 
Ravi Kumar S 

13 
 
It is a scalable model. A percentage of our workforce can fit into a pyramid onsite and that is 
the learning. If we have to sustain and scale it further, we have to move work to our hubs, so 
that the work actually moves from a two-tier onsite-offshore to an onsite-near-shore-offshore 
model. As you are aware, we are also setting up our own training facility, which will help us 
to sustain this momentum on a long run. The key is the ability for us to retain is actually 
create a career path for them to continue with us on a long run, so that is broadly what it is. 
We do like 8 to 12 weeks of training as we hire from schools that can be optimized, we could 
further backward integrate in terms of the colleges we are hiring from. What we are doing 
with the designs schools is again new track which we are learning on. So effectively, I do not 
want to put a number on it but what I can actually say that the myth was that the pyramid has 
to be onsite offshore; and we kind of think now you could have a pyramid inside it which is 
only on-site and you could have school graduates who are in close proximity of the client 
especially when you have agile work coming your way. So, that is what I can tell you at a 
high level. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from CGS-CIMB. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. If I look at the last three 
quarters YoY pricing increase on a blended basis, it has been positive and despite no change 
in the onsite, actually onsite has gone down. So you believe, is it a mix led or Salil you 
believe that this is with improving contribution of digital, this could be a new tailwind, which 
to some extent, Nilanjan has also not mentioned in one of his positive levers? 
Salil Parekh 
From our perspective we see that as a very critical parameter. It is something that we think is 
a function of the factors that you mentioned, the mix and the capability and it is something 
that we are working on actively. We think it is something in the medium term, not 

14 
 
immediately every quarter but in the medium term we think that can help us to sustain and 
potentially even expand our margin outlook. 
Sandeep Shah 
This is helpful Sir, a follow up in terms of order book, is it possible to break down the 
contribution from the Stater deal as well as Salil in the order book, do you believe the recent 
increase in the global tariff war or any impending Brexit is leading to any kind of scenario 
where you believe the order book traction may slow down in the coming quarters or you 
believe now the decision making is not getting impacted because of this and some comments 
on the pipeline if you can give some color on quantitative how QoQ and YoY in percentage 
term it has improved? 
Salil Parekh 
On the Stater, we have not stated externally the decoupling of the order book, and as Nilanjan 
shared with you in terms of the quarter the revenue and the YoY revenue impact that we have 
talked about. In terms of Brexit, we have seen today that our business in the UK has remained 
reasonably in good shape. We do not see any particular change in our business mix today. We 
think once all of these Brexit discussions settle down, we will start to see some acceleration, 
but we do not see any change or at least it is not something we have decoupled to make it 
something of a concern within our pipeline. The overall pipeline we have not shared the stat 
externally. I stated to give some color earlier that from April through now we have seen a 
good growth in the large deals pipeline that we have and that is part of the reason why we see 
some potentially increased traction in the coming quarters. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jared Levine from Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Jared Levine  
I know you discussed prior the sequential drivers to the decline in margins, but can you talk 
about the YoY bucketing of the decline in operating margin please? 

15 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think the big one, which we continue to mention which we said in the last call. The first is 
the increase in the comp-related cost over the year, which is about 210 odd basis points and 
this is a combination of the investments we have made, also in our sales force and that is 
something which we have ramped up. The other one is the impact of the higher subcon cost, 
which you have seen over the last year progressing, that is about 50 bps. The offset of that 
has been the rupee benefit about 40 basis points. We have got another benefit of the RPP, the 
realisation benefit, which is about 50 basis points and of course the special Q1 impact, which 
is 80 basis points on the higher visa cost because we did not have that many visas last year, so 
that is about 80 basis points, so that gives us the overall 320 BPS. If you see the QoQ, I think 
that is a more closer situation to understand where we came from and how we ended last year 
and what is our growth forward plan in terms of improving our margins to hit our guidance of 
21%-23%. 
Jared Levine 
On digital, are there certain particular projects that are accounting for great share of the wins 
like IoT or cloud deployment - what is making up the mix of digital wins currently? 
Salil Parekh 
To share with you, we have five broad areas within digital that we have outlined over the last 
year or so. Two of those areas we believe are going to start to become very large businesses 
and we see a lot of traction in those areas. One of them is the area of Cloud. This is both 
cloud services, which are through our strategic partnerships with AWS, Azure and Google 
Cloud or with some of the SaaS leaders such as Salesforce or ServiceNow. Another very 
strong area for us is the area of data and analytics. Having said that, we also have strength in 
the other areas for example in the digital design and experience, in the area of cybersecurity 
and in the area of IoT. Each of these are seeing good traction, so there is no one that stands 
out but on the first two I mentioned, I think we’ll start to see good scale benefits from that as 
well. 
Moderator 

16 
 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Elara Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon 
Sir, if you just back out what we think is would be a five-year kind of contribution from 
Stater, it looks like your TCV is about 1.6 bn or so and then if you see that there are no other 
kind of re-badging deals in there. So, that should help margins going forward - would that be 
in your current view? 
Salil Parekh 
So, we have not decoupled large deals in the stats we have shared outside. What we are 
seeing in the large deals that Pravin shared the stat earlier, is net new and, in that sense, we 
feel good about how the margin profiles of those deals will evolve. 
Ravi Menon 
I think Nilanjan said in his comments earlier that that you are looking at the margins 
improving gradually over this year, so that is why I asked this. Secondly, are you worried at 
all about the attrition being a little high this quarter. So YoY it is slightly up, given the 
utilization is also inching up. Where do you think you will be comfortable over the utilization 
given the current levels of attrition? 
Salil Parekh 
Attrition is something that is an area of extreme attention for us. We want to make sure that 
we take all the actions that we need to take to make sure this is within a level that is 
comfortable for our business going forward. Having said that, in Q1 as Pravin has shared we 
have taken very strong measures and some of the attrition is involuntary attrition and some of 
the attrition in this stat is also for individuals who leave to go for graduate school or higher 
education and that is somewhat seasonal. If you look at our attrition stats, it takes all of our 
businesses into account, it is not just the IT services attrition. We have put in place a lot of 
measures to address the attrition in addition to making sure that there are hygiene factors. We 
are also focused on really driving the opportunities set for our employees to a broader base 

17 
 
and that improves the value connection that employees will have with us and we think over 
the medium-term over the next few quarters that should start to see some impact. 
Ravi Menon 
You have spoken about how Stater will actually help you. Given the uncertainties about 
Brexit, this is something that you do see the mortgage market are still being attractive and are 
you seeing some interest and potentially some deals come through already? 
Mohit Joshi 
I should point out that Stater is primarily focused on the Dutch market and the Northern 
European market and not so much on the UK market. To that extent I don’t see Brexit as 
having an impact on Stater itself. The second is, we see a huge opportunity globally, not just 
in Europe in the entire mortgage servicing market but also the mortgage origination market. 
If you look at Europe for instance, in Germany 98% of all mortgages are currently being 
serviced by the banks themselves. We think that this number over time will move to what we 
see in the US where majority of the servicing is done by third-parties. Stater is the strongest 
and largest mortgage servicer in Europe. Stater is also building a significant front office with 
the origination capability and middle office with underwriting capability. So we think it will 
be a powerful proposition for us within Europe and the capabilities that we have, even if it is 
not the platform, the capabilities are applicable globally. So that is my perspective on the 
opportunities that we have. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Parag Gupta from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Parag Gupta 
Good evening and congratulations on a strong quarter. I had two questions firstly Salil, if you 
could just talk about the localization efforts in the US and you have done a commendable job 
in achieving your targets. Just wanted to understand, now that you got to a reasonable level 
that you had initially set out for, do you think that is good enough incrementally to start 
taking away some of the efforts involved from a subcontracting perspective or do you think 

18 
 
that the skill sets are still very different and the subcontractors would still be required to meet 
the demand that you want over the last few quarters? 
Salil Parekh 
The localization work has indeed been positive and we are delighted with the progress it has 
made. However, it is the first step of a very long journey and we have plans in the medium-
term on how we think our business model will evolve. In terms of subcon, here I think it is 
not so much and/or it is much more that both will exist. The skill sets that we see in the 
market today for which we are winning work, we have a tremendous capacity of those skill 
sets but there is always some demand which comes in where the fulfillment needs to be done 
on a relatively quick basis. We however have some operational levers that we are putting in 
place including localization as one of them that will help us to adjust the subcon usage. For 
example looking at ageing of subcontractors that can give us benefits again in the medium-
term into our margin. 
Parag Gupta 
My other question was, my understanding for your margin guidance of 21% to 23% for this 
year was premised on the usual wage hike cycle that you have already set out on but given 
that your attrition rates are running high, is there a risk to your margin guidance if you have 
to go out for out of turn wage hikes, promotions or other incentives? 
Salil Parekh 
We are fully committed to our margin guidance. There will be a lot of business situations 
plus and minus but we will deliver our margin guidance.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Congrats on the quarter and the order you received. Two questions from my end, if I strip out 
the Stater contribution, banking seems to have been a little soft. You spoke about the deal 

19 
 
wins staying strong but we saw that in the last quarter as well. From a reported basis how 
should we see the banking level organically trends in the year, that is question number one. 
And two, what are the preconditions you are saying that really gets your attrition down to a 
more manageable number according to you? 
Mohit Joshi 
Let me address the first question on banking. I think it is not true that banking was soft even 
after excluding Stater but if you see the trend, in Q1 of last year, YoY CC growth [for 
Financial Services] was 2.5%. This climbed to 8.5% in Q4 and even excluding Stater it 
continued to climb in Q1. Obviously with Stater it was a significant double-digit growth. So 
it is not true that we had weakness in the quarter, even excluding Stater.  
Diviya Nagarajan 
First question, I was actually talking from a sequential basis. 
Mohit Joshi 
Yes, even sequentially, I can confirm that we had growth even excluding Stater. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
On the attrition, what are the three conditions under which you think your attrition will come 
under control? What do we need to see in terms of organizational metrics for you to come to, 
what does get you there to have more manageable numbers? 
Pravin Rao 
Historically, we have been comfortable with attrition in the range of 13% to 15%. These are 
during normal times when there are fewer disruptions but today we are living in an 
environment where there is a lot of technology disruptions happening. There is an increase in 
adoption of newer technology, there is shortage of skills. So to that extent, we are seeing a 
higher degree of attrition given the shortage of talent. So, as Salil and I had said earlier, there 
are many things we are doing to bring it down. A significant part of the attrition is at lower 
levels. So, during the current comp review we have hopefully addressed some of it. There are 

20 
 
a lot of efforts we are doing in terms of increasing the engagement, increasing rewards, 
looking at high performers, creating more opportunities. Many initiatives are underway, and 
we are hopeful that over a period of time, it should come down. Eventually once things 
stabilize and once the talent gap minimizes, then we will probably go back to 13% to 15%. 
However, in the short-term, it will slightly be on the higher side. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
A quick followup to that, attrition being where it is and your first quarter margins outside the 
guidance range, could you give us a sense on which half of the guidance band would you be 
more comfortable with at this point in time, from a margin perceptive? 
Salil Parekh 
Our guidance is 21%-23%, so at this stage we are not further narrowing or segmenting that 
guidance. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead. 
Joseph Foresi 
My first question is just around some of the market share. You have talked about this a little 
bit at the beginning of the call but maybe you could talk about any changes in your approach. 
What piece of your customer’s businesses are leaving some of your competitors and going to 
you and what you have strengthened to kind of strengthen your position in the end market? 
Salil Parekh 
The comment I had made there was with respect to the traction we have seen for our digital 
business. To give you an example, with Microsoft we have been named as their number one 
partner globally for this year. It is a shift in our capabilities on all of their products, so from 
Azure to Office 365 to all of the work place toolkit - our approach to driving that into 
enterprise space is something that is gaining traction. So, it is not so much taking away from 
another competitor, we think we are gaining market share in a space that is growing but our 

21 
 
growth is higher than what the overall growth for that space is and we see similar type of 
traction in other elements of the five areas of the digital Pentagon. For example, we see that 
with some other SaaS players, we see that in a lot of agile development work that we are 
doing on different toolkits. We see that even for the work we are doing for S/4HANA so 
there are different places where we start to see more and more growth through those 
investments or capabilities that we are building or have built over the past. 
Joseph Foresi 
Then going back to Financial Services, we have seen a couple of different players have 
troubles with some of the banking budgets that they are dealing with at the big banks and 
then we have seen a lot of news about what is going on in Europe in the banking system, yet 
you have put up some really good numbers. So, maybe you could talk about your positioning 
in financial services and comment a little bit about some of those shaky budgets that we have 
seen at those big banks. 
Mohit Joshi 
I think, look it has been a mixed bag. We have seen some weaknesses obviously in the capital 
market space, both on the buy side and the sell side and you have seen some challenges in 
Europe. For us for this quarter, you know, we had continued to do quite well in Europe, but 
on the flip side, some other sides of the business like the consumer banking space, the 
commercial banking space, corporate banking, mortgages, I think these businesses are seeing 
good traction. I think as Salil mentioned, look for us it is a mix, right. We have obviously 
seen significant traction in the cloud space, in the entire digital transformation journey for 
banking, obviously the new centers that we are building out like the studio in Shoreditch are 
helping us engage with banks from a branch transformation perceptive, from a digital user 
experience perceptive. On the data space, obviously there is a huge focus on data 
monetization, data mining. Banks are starting to move to the cloud and there obviously is a 
significant revenue opportunity for us. So, I would say it is a mixed bag right. You have 
certain areas of the sector where you have some weaknesses, including the life and health 
insurance business but other sides of the business, the traditional consumer businesses, the 
traditional corporate banking and transaction businesses are seeing a lot of investment. 
Finally, from our perceptive, I think there are two other pieces that are helping us from a 

22 
 
growth and a mind share perceptive. The first is that we have a very powerful product 
business in Finacle and Finacle is obviously gaining significant traction globally. We had a 
great quarter in terms of TCV bookings, expansion in North America and expansion in the 
European markets. So that is one unique differentiator for us given the strength of the product 
and the renewed interest in digital engagement, the renewed interest in omnichannel hubs. 
And the second piece, I will point out is the new Stater acquisition. As I have previously 
mentioned in response to another question, we are really building out sub-sectoral capability 
in a fairly significant way and specifically for the mortgages space and mortgages really are 
the largest revenue line for our banking clients. The fact that we are building out significant 
mortgage front to back capability, is another example of a unique differentiator. 
Joseph Foresi 
Sorry, I am trying to sneak one more in because it builds on what you are saying. Are you 
taking market share in the US from companies like FIS and Fiserv, how are you getting 
traction there and with the lower margin profile, do you feel like you are more competitive in 
the pricing environment?  
Mohit Joshi 
If you look at the US space more broadly, I think growth in the US in financial services has 
been very strong for us. Most of the time, you know, FIS and us, we do not really compete in 
the same spaces and so I do not think they is a significant source of market share gain for us. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Chopra from Motilal Oswal Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Chopra 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good quarter. Firstly, may be Nilanjan if 
you could take this on the wage hikes impact in this quarter, the impact was I think close to 
60 bps is what you said and in the media comments you also mentioned that there was 
deferral of wage hikes for certain bottom of the pyramid employees as well into the next 

23 
 
quarter, but typically we have seen the second quarter wage hike impact being lower, is it 
expected to be on similar lines or different this time around? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Like Pravin had also said, I think we also have a staggered impact of wage hikes. Some 
portion of the wage hikes was deferred but like as I said, that is built into what we are seeing 
as a projection for the rest of the year. So, I do not think there is anything unusual or 
aberration in that. 
Ashish Chopra 
Secondly Pravin as far as the net new share is concerned, I would be assuming that Stater 
would be entirely in the net new and the percentages would be different if we were to exclude 
the Stater? 
Pravin Rao 
Yes, Stater would be entirely net new. 
Ashish Chopra 
Just lastly from my side I think towards the end of the quarter you had announced a 
partnership with Pan American Life Insurance Group on the policy administration side, so if 
you could throw some light on the nature of that deal and we have seen your peer announce a 
lot of deals on the insurance platform of much large sizes in nature, so wanted to know if this 
would actually compare into similar space?  
Mohit Joshi 
I think we are seeing a huge interest and this is true for our peer group as well. As you look at 
the life insurance and annuity business there is a significant amount of interest in using third 
party processors in making sure that the closed book at least is being done by a more efficient 
processor. In reality what has historically been more of a processing business, now there is a 
lot of interest in delivering better user experience - more of a front-end transformation piece 
and we feel that this is an area which will see significant growth. We are fairly optimistic 

24 
 
about the McCamish platform that we have. We have also modernized it significantly and 
there are significant deals that we are seeing in the pipeline, which will allow us to build on 
the growth that is being seen in the market place. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line Sandeep Agarwal from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Sandip Agarwal 
Thanks for taking my question and congratulations to the management team for an excellent 
quarter. So a couple of questions Salil and Pravin from my side; first on the digital side we 
are growing at 40%-42% and our proportion is continuously rising. I understand that the 
business has changed and it is not fair to chip apart the growth rates and understand, but just 
wanted a little bit of clarification on this side the way we are growing and the way our order 
book clearly is tilted towards the newer technologies are we going to see a phase where the 
leakage from the non-digital piece will come to a halt and that will lead us to a much higher 
growth than we are seeing structurally going forward. Although you know the size obviously 
is a concern and I am not asking for the specific guidance, but I am just trying to understand 
whether the growing proportion of digital will lead to a structurally better growth going 
forward? Second question when you meet your client what is your sense how much they have 
penetrated in terms of spending on the digital. Is it an early stage or is it a little bit in the 
middle phase or how do you foresee that? Another question, which I had, was on the attrition 
side. We have generally seen that when you have two, three and four good quarters then the 
attrition rate should come off and I have seen that in the last four to five quarters tremendous 
amount of effort has been made both on the hike and the promotion side and also to some 
extent I think the stock option side and still we are not seeing any kind of control on the 
attrition number, in fact, they are worsening. So my concern is that is there a substantial 
portion of involuntary piece in this or do you think the voluntary piece is still high. I am not 
asking specifically for this quarter because if this continues then our dependence on external 
resource will not come down and subcon cost may remain elevated, which may not allow us 
to beat top end of our margin anytime soon. Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 

25 
 
There are several points that you shared - starting with the structural piece. We have a view 
on the digital addressable market and the growth rate. We will update it in the coming 
quarters when we have another session for our analysts. If you recall, it is about $160 mn 
market growing at 15% so that is the piece that we are investing in and we see some traction. 
On what you talk about and what we define as core services, we have not declared the growth 
rate, but I think the market view is a variable. If you look at what’s with the third-party 
agencies that have a lot of data like Gartner and others, and it is fair to say that that market 
has a more challenged growth environment today. In that context we have developed a 
strategic approach and that is what we are executing to. We have a view on where this might 
go medium term but we have not actually shared any of that externally. We think the way we 
are driving this, for example the 12.4% growth in Q1, that is a good indication of what are the 
sort of things possible when many things come together in a fortuitous way for us in a 
quarter.  
In terms of attrition, we have talked about operational efficiency and we have now more and 
more intense focus on involuntary attrition as well. There has been some element of what is 
termed as seasonal because of higher education and when you start to strip that out, we see 
the attrition numbers, while not improving they are stable and so we still have work to do to 
make sure they start to trend down. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand over the 
conference to the management for their closing comments. Over to you! 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
We would like to thank everyone for joining us on this call today. We look forward to talking 
to you again. Have a good weekend ahead. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentleman on behalf of Infosys that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us. You many now disconnect your lines. 
