J\ TAKE
® 
g Enabling Business Efficiencies 
August 19, 2019 
TAKE/BSE/2019-20 
The Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services-Listing 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip Code: 532890 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
TECHNOLOGY ANALYTICS KNOWLEDGE ENTERPRISE 
TAKE/NSE/2019-20 
The Manager-Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: TAKE 
Sub: Intimation regarding lnvestor(s) / Analyst(s) Conference Call 
We refer to our letter dated August 06, 2019 regarding the intimation of lnvestor(s) / Analyst(s) 
Conference Call to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 
30, 2019 on August 08, 2019 at 4:00 PM (1ST). 
In this regard we herewith enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call as required under Regulation 
30 read with Part A of Schedule Ill of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
We request you to take the same on record and confirm. 
Thanking you. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For TAKE Solutions Limited 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
TAKE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
Registered & Corporate Office : No: 27, Tank Sund Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai - 600 034 
CIN: L63090TNZ000PLC046338; 
GSTIN: 33AABCT3684M1 Z0 
www.takesolutions.com 
Tel: +91 44 6611 0700/01 

ANALYST: 
"Take Solutions Limited 
Q 1 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call" 
August 08, 2019 
(I ICICI Securities
MR. VINAY BAFNA -
RESEARCH ANALYST -
ICICI 
SECURITIES 
MANAGEMENT: MR. H.R. SRINIVASAN - VICE CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - TAKE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. 
RAM 
YELESW ARAPU 
-
PRESIDENT & 
CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - TAKE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MRS. SUBHASRI SRIRAM - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER - TAKE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
Page 1 of 11 

Moderator: 
Vinay Bafna: 
H R Srinivasan: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the QI FY2020 Earnings Call of TAKE 
Solutions Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing "*" and then "O" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Bafna of ICICI Securities 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of ICICI Securities, a warm welcome to the QI 
FY2020 Conference Call of TAKE Solutions Limited. We have from the management team, Mr. 
H.R. Srinivasan, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Ram Yeleswarapu, President and 
CEO; and Mrs. Subhasri Sriram, Executive Director and CFO. 
I shall hand over the call to Mr Srinivasan, to give a brief overview of the quarter, post which, we 
will open the floor for question and answers. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining our QI earnings call 
for FY2020. Let me begin by saying that at the outset we have now, both in BSE and NSE, been 
reclassified in the pharmaceutical domain. Earlier we were shown as computer and software, so 
now we have been given the right classification, which is in the pharmaceutical domain. 
In terms of the quarter itself, I think it has been largely in line with our expectation, perhaps a 
little better. The revenue stood at $84 million or 582 Crores and this was 9.14% up Q-oQ and 
25% up year-on-year. This is the first quarter where both the acquisitions, KAI Research and 
DataCeutics were included. They brought in revenues of $6.7 million for the quarter. Without 
them, our growth is 1 .4% in dollar terms Q-o-Q and 10.4% Y-o-Y in dollar terms. 
The EBITDA for the quarter was $15.7 million or INR 109 Crores which was 10% up Q-on-Q 
and 17.5% up year-on-year. Of this EBITDA, I million came from the DataCeutics and the KAI 
Research Inc. The EBITDA margins of DataCeutics and KAI Research were 1 4.9%, the organic 
EBITDA margin was 19.2% and the blended EBITDA margin therefore stood at 18.8%. We 
expect this to be the trend as we move forward during the year. 
The quarter produced a very satisfactory level of net new awards. The addition to the order book 
for the quarter was $24.5 million of which $20 million is attributable to the acquisitions. The life 
science's order book stood at $269.5 million, which is 10% Q-on-Q and 42% Y-on-Y. 
Overall the business environment for the CRO business remains very stable. We have had a 
steady RFP flow and the new business award continue to be very well diversified. The 
concentration of the top 10 clients was 24.4%. This quarter saw two over-$10-million deals being 
awarded to us by two of the top S pharma, one was a renewal and one was a fresh one, both 
going into 2022. 
Page 2 of 11 

Moderator: 
Devangsh Nigotia: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Devangsh Nigotia: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
The post merger integration of both KAI Research and DataCeutics is proceeding as planned. In 
the case of KAI Research we are seeing increasing strength of RFP activity, which I believe will 
be leading to a very strong order book for FY2021, just to refresh, KAI Research the sales cycle 
times are a little long for phase II, III trials. So as we begin the activity now, there will be very 
few that will converted during the current financial year. 
In the case of DataCeutics we are seeing very strong conversions and there have been a slew of 
fresh orders that have come in. The off shoring is on track. We have got some of the team in 
place, and by Q3 we will start off shoring a good chunk of the business, which will help us 
improve the margins. 
I have to call out that during the quarter, there was a very favorable mention by an industry 
research agency called Everest Consulting Group based in Dallas, Texas and their peak matrix 
assessment provides the analysis and insight to enterprises to make critical selection decisions 
about global service providers, and in that, in the clinical service provider, we have been 
classified as a major contender. 
Just to recall, we started our strength in our clinical practice only in 2016 with the acquisition of 
Ecron Acunova, and since then we have made tremendous strides, and it is very heartening for 
the management to note that a reputed organization like Everest has classified us as major 
contender along with the likes ofIQVIA, Parexel, etc. 
Our capabilities in the innovative use of technology is setting us apart, and we continue to invest 
in robust technology in making the business operations more efficient 
These were the highlights for the quarter. With this, we would like to throw open the floor to 
questions. My colleagues and I are here to take any questions. Thank you. 
Thank you very much Sir. Our first question is from Devangsh Nigotia of SIMPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir my question was mainly related to KAI and DataCeutics. Sir in earlier corporate 
announcement, we classified that aggregate sales of both the entities were $30 million as on 
December 2017, if that is a right number, and so based on that there seems to be a de-growth in 
the merged entities, both DataCeutics and KAI. So what would the reason be for that? 
No, I do not think, it can be viewed as de-growth because it changes across quarters. So the 
number you have is for the year and you should not be able to link it to the quarter. So I think 
there will not be a de-growth and actually the growth is about 6%, if we were to compare Q-on-
Q. 
So there is some cyclicality in the numbers of December 2017? 
Page 3 of 11 

H R Srinivasan: 
Devangsh Nigotia: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Devangsh Nigotia: 
Moderator: 
Sandeep S: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Sandeep S: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Sandeep S: 
H R Srinivasan: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
I would not use the word cyclicality, it is based on the completion of projects, so sometimes they 
get to lump up, but it should overall be a growing business, there is no de-growth in this. 
And can I have few balance sheet numbers- cash on balance sheet, other advances unbilled 
receivable, trade receivable, is it possible for you to share? 
Yes, I think we have, it is part of our presentation, that the trade receivables as at June ending it 
is about I 07 days as against 94. There hasn't not been significant reduction in our unbilled 
receivables and as far as our payables, there have been an increase from March year ending, 
which is very similar because March there are lot of pressure both sides in both the receivables 
and payables. So it is as much as like what you have seen some interest spike in our receivables 
or payables as well to an extent have gone up as on June ending. 
That is it from my side, thank you. 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from Sandeep S of Petunia Capital. Please go ahead. 
The question I have is more long-term. If I have a look at your latest annual report, in the 
consolidated cash flow statement, I find that we roughly generate about 100, 120 Crores of 
operating cash after adjusting for working capital, is that right? 
Yes, okay go ahead. Yes. 
As far as the long-term will you be able to improve this ratio of EBITDA to operating cash flow, 
so I want to know if this unbilled receivable is seasonal? Generally every sector will have a ratio 
for the cash generation to EBITDA. So I want to know since we are growing is this a phase 
where the ratio is particularly a little low or how do you see it going forward. So I hope I have 
conveyed my question? 
Yes. So, see currently we have been creating capacity because one of the fundamental issues in 
getting business for us especially higher value deals is that you need to have more sites, you need 
to have more facilities. So there is an investment going in creation of capacity. At this point of 
time, our capacity utilization is around 55%, as this capacity utilization goes up, the cash to 
EBITDA ratio will improve. We expect that should happen over the next two years. So long-term 
certainly this will be very, very cash accretive. 
Because we are doing very well at an operating level it is about I 00 Crores every quarter 
EBITDA, but as you know the value increases per shareholders when it translates to cash flow. 
So I just wanted to know, so you are saying in another two years this will improve? 
Yes, because see we have cu1Tently investing in revenue growth. So we can either optimize for 
cash flow and reduce revenue growth then this .... 
Page 4 of 11 

Sandeep S: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Sandeep S: 
Moderator: 
NihalNihal Kumar: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nihal Kumar: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nihal Kumar: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nihal Kumar: 
Ram Yeleswarapu: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
Yes, yes, I understand. That is precisely my question. So in order to grow business at the 
movement we are focusing on that. Whereas so over long-term what in your assessment will be 
the ratio will it be 50% of EBITDA can I assume that operating cash flow will be at least 50% of 
EBITDA? 
Yes, around that. 
Thanks, that is it from my side, congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from NihalNihal Kumar of Axis Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
So I am talking about other expense, it is on the higher side this quarter also. So if you can throw 
some light on this? 
Actually as a percentage to revenue it has been actually quite moderated and I would not look at 
it as on the higher side. I think this is also probably the way we see it, this is probably the way it 
is going to be going forward in ratio between employee cost and cost of revenue with a lot of 
workforce coming as contract and others, it will be probably more in the other expense than on 
the employee side. 
So can we assume that this will be the run rate going forward as a percentage of revenue? 
Yes, sir. Yes, this I would say this quarter would be a more a representative quarter of going 
forward because this actually also has the full revenue of two of our recent acquisitions, and so it 
is probably is a more representative of the coming quarters. 
So exactly I wanted to ask that, that if the acquisition cost has been absorbed completely or it has 
fallen into this quarter also? 
No, this is more of business related, so if there has been, it is very small and marginal more in 
terms of PMA related cost, but I suppose the PMA related cost is going to be going forward in a 
couple of more quarters as well. So it is not just an exclusive or only for the quarter. 
Madam in terms of clinical trials, can you throw some light on how it is going to be, I mean, 
more of innovator drugs or more of BNBE study-what is the focus area and how it is at present 
in terms of breakup ifwe talk about in clinical trials? 
It is going to cover a couple of different areas; clearly we are working with generics so we will 
continue to do the BNBE studies for generic pharma. We will also do patient based studies, 
which are clinical end point studies for generic pharma so those are the two sets of offerings in 
the trial space focused on generic manufacturers. When you move to innovators we of course do 
Phase II, Phase III and Phase IV studies for both the biotech companies and pharma and so we 
will continue to kind of look into that space as well. So the short answer is it will cover both 
Page 5 of 11 

Nihal Kumar: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Nihal Kumar: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nihal Kumar: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Nihal Kumar: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Nihal Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Ram Yeleswarapu: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
generics and innovatives, phanna and biotech and now medical devices as a segment has also 
been added as a consequence of KAI Research. 
Sir if you can just give a brief, I mean, which is the major segment area for Take Solution at 
present, if you talk about, say in terms of ratios it is 50/50 or 40/40, 40/20 something? 
Currently the clinical business is about 40% of our total revenue, 52% comes from regulatory and 
safety and the balance comes from the consulting services that we have. 
Sir actually I want within clinical it is more of innovator drugs driven or generics driven? 
Out of a 40% about or 33% is innovator drugs and about 7% is on the generics, which is largely 
the healthy volunteer trials. 
And going forward it will be at this rate only or the innovator drugs are going to dominate? 
So, innovator drugs will obviously dominate because the value of the Phase II, Phase III trials are 
the largest piece and they will go up and even when the biosimilars are there, the cost of the trials 
is much higher than that associated with generics. So you will see both the innovator and the 
biosimilars dominate. 
In the case of generics, currently the trials are largely with reference to our facility which if of 
208 bed facility. So it typically at this point and we operate within that capacity constraint so that 
is only can be a little bit of price flexibility but cannot be exponential growth in that. 
And what about the newer acquisition in US, so they have produced on generics or innovators or 
the same ratio which we are accounting? 
The KAI Research largely deals with federal agencies and innovator companies, the other one is 
a clinical data sciences company, again deals with largely innovator drugs. 
Thank you so much sir. Thanks a lot and congrats for the good set of numbers. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Tushar Bohrn of MK Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
I just want to understand going through some of the competitors or clinical research companies' 
outlook and they seem to have mentioned a lot of traction on PY as a space, phannacovigilance, I 
want to know your comments also and how do you look at that segment in particular let us say 
over the next two to three years? 
I think if I understood the question correctly, I think clinical drug development, clinical research 
and the clinical trial space will certainly see a lot more growth. There is a significant opportunity 
in that segment and PY will continue to be a required service offering alongside so we will 
Page 6 of 11 

Tushar Bohra: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
continue to deliver PY alongside doing trials also. But that is how we see it, the main growth will 
come in through the trials process itself. 
Can you help segment the order book into clinical trials and PY reg? 
See, I would say at this point of time it would be more or less reflective of the clinical order book 
would be about because of the longitivity of the contract, it would be about 50% to 55%. The 
balance would be in PY side, but the consumption of the clinical order book takes a longer time 
than the PY reg order book. 
So about $270 million 55% of that would be in the clinical research? 
Yes, but see the consulting has the shortest consumption time, you normally tum around an order 
book almost twice or thrice a year in the case of consulting, in the case of clinical, PY takes 
roughly about a year but the clinical takes much longer in average. 
And so just one metric that we are just tracking for clinical research companies globally, I think 
the book to bill ratio or the conversion ratio is roughly about 1.3, I .4 if I'm not mistaken, 
whereas for us it was probably closer to 0.8, 0.85. So how do we propose to increase that, what is 
the outlook on that particular metric? 
Yes, see that is the metric that we track quite meticulously at our end, because we moved from 
the reg PY space where typically it is 0.7, 0.8: I the most mature of clinical research companies 
will have about 1.5: l. I think by the year end we should tend to about I: I and hopefully take it 
from there, because as we get multi country studies, higher value studies you will see the clinical 
bucket going up and that is when you will more or less tend to the ratio of I .5: I, but in our case I 
would say maybe I .3 is a good one because the regulatory and PY is always going to be very 
strong for us, so by year end we should tend to I: I that will be the short answer. 
Sir interestingly you mentioned that just in terms of understanding whether more clinical 
research also helps us in more regulatory and PY and maybe earlier lead into the regulatory and 
PY business,-do clients also reach out to you at the start of clinical trials and then you can take 
the end-to-end piece for us are you seeing more conversations on those lines? 
It is the small and mid tier clients, they typically tend to club everything together but the larger 
clients have preferred providers for each set of activity so they may do trials with one they may 
do regulatory and PY with the other-that is the general buyer behavior, but in the mid tier 
segment, yes, the opportunity to get the whole business end-to-end is very high. 
If I may slip one last question, you mentioned two deals of greater than 10 million that we won 
this quarter. Could you help us with what would be the total number of deals today that we are 
executing that above IO and maybe how the pipeline that we are bidding for, how that number is 
moving up, in tenns of size and the quality of engagement? 
Page 7 of 11 

H R Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Tushar Bohra: 
Moderator: 
Dharmik Patel: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dharmik Patel: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Dharmik Patel: 
Moderator: 
Pankaj Bobade: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
I will give a more maybe descriptive view of this because I may not have an exact deal numbers 
on the table, but first let me talk of these two deals. One of them is a renewal of the customer 
who has been with us for quite a period of time. One is a net new addition to the business from a 
top t'ive phanna, a different segment of business that we have not been traditionally doing. 
Typically our deal sizes for ihe Phase n, PhH e m have been in the region of let us say $5 to $8 
million thut, earns to be the swecl pot, but as we hit more multi country trials which are, let say 
15 countries or so, the ability to push thi up beyond 10 million rises. There arc a few 
opportunities that we are currently pursuing .in the RFP stage maybe, don't hold me to it, but 
maybe about 10 would be in the region of over $10 million deals in the RFP stage that we are 
pursuing, but typically our wins have been in Lho $5 to $8 million range. 
So when we say $10 million sir greater than $IO million even be let us say a $20, $25 or $30 
million for one or two of these deals, just trying to understand the scale vis-a-vis what we have 
been doing in the past? 
I think the largest of them would be in the 25 bracket we have not gone beyond that but we 
cannot at this point of time say that we will be successful on that or not, but typically they are all 
about IO and below 25 that is the range. 
What is the number of new clients added to the business? Do we track that? 
We track that I will mail that to you. 
Thanks for the opportunity. 
Thank you. Our next question is from Dharmik Patel of Active Alpha. Please go ahead. 
My question is to Ms. Subhasri. How much debt have we repaid in this quarter? 
Debt repayment? 
Yes, for this quarter? 
No we did not have any loan maturity during the quarter other than the normal working capital. 
We have not taken any fresh loans during the quarter, I may say that way. Other than the normal 
maturity and the working capital limits, which we have been using on and off. 
That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from Pankaj Bobade of Axis Securities. Please go ahead. 
Well Sir this is Pankaj, I have three questions right now. One, wanted to understand what is the 
reason for pressure on margins, I mean, last year same quarter we had margins of around 13.1 % 
this quarter we are having around 9.5%. Second thing how are our new acquisitions doing and 
Page 8 of 11 

H R Srinivasan: 
Pankaj Bobade: 
HR Srinivasan: 
Pankaj Bobade: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Pankaj Bobade: 
HR Srinivasan: 
Pankaj Bobade: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
how are they faring in tenns of profitability and when would they contribute meaningfully to our 
consolidated entity. And third we had a vision of reaching $0.5 billion of topline, just wanted to 
understand where do we stand right now and what is our trajectory to achieve the same? 
Now first of all to tell you the acquisitions that we have done are progressing very satisfactorily. 
KAI has tremendous RFP activity that is taking place and DataCeutics has already started 
registering wins and so the low hanging fruits are already coming in. Once the off shoring starts, 
the margin should pickup so they are on the growth curve and they are as planned. As far as your 
question on the margins is concerned, there are three reasons for that. The first is there is a 1.5% 
reduction in EBITDA this is one because of the blend that has happened on the two acquisitions 
that has happened besides some expenses that have increased in the nonnal course of business. In 
the last year we had about 1.5% which was due to the other income because we had cash on the 
balance sheet that was earning income and we used the cash to acquire the company so that cash 
is no longer registering any other income that is there and there is a general increase of about 
1.1 % in other expenses in headcount, capacity creation, etc. So that is why it is there, once the 
capacity improves and the two acquisitions start getting scaled I think we should be back to better 
margins. 
Sir when do we see these two new acquisitions kicking in with full vigor and contributing to the 
consolidated entities. If you look, six months back onwards if you see we were delivering some 
8% higher single digit CQGR growth and we are faltering for last two, three quarters so we just 
wanted to understand when do we see that animal spirits regained as far as our performance is 
concerned? 
No, I am not sure, I understood the question, can you come again? 
Well, if 1 am not wrong, we were growing at 8% odd CQGR, say it happened from 2016 to 2018 
and mid of 2019 and thereafter we are faltering so just wanted to understand when do we reach 
that level? 
See, I do not think it can be taken as faltering because you will have to understand that we are 
growing well above the industry standard so at a smaller base obviously the percentage looks 
much better, but as we grow, I am not sure whether that pace of growth can be kept on. I think 
we are doing pretty well, it is above the budgeted figures that we have and above the guidance 
that we had given. So I am entirely in agreement that growth rate can be maintain going forward. 
So we had some vision of reaching $0.5 billion of topline? 
Yes. 
When are we likely to touch that magical number? 
Page 9 of 11 

H R Srinivasan: 
Pankaj Bobade: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Pankaj Bobade: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Pankaj Bobade: 
Moderator: 
Harsh Jhawar: 
Subhasri Sriram: 
Harsh Jhawar: 
Moderator: 
Sandeep S: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
See we closed last year at $292 million, we will hopefully be closer to 370-380 this year and 
maybe we will outdo that, once we achieve that we will have a very good indication of where we 
will be in the following years, but we should be pretty much on target there and there abouts I do 
not think we have a cause of concern. 
And with improving margins, right? 
We have taken over two units where the average margins are low they are sub 15% and so it is 
not likely that in this year you are going to see an improvement in margin, I think it will be 
flattish from where we are currently. 
My final question we had hired few top level executives and we had expected some really good 
traction coming from after they joined. So just wanted to understand what is the status? 
Well, the status is already reflected in the numbers so whatever we have done is the effort of the 
combined management team, so I think we are quite satisfied with the output that we have been 
receiving from several of our senior colleagues. 
Thank you sir. Thanks a lot and good luck for the future. 
Thank you. Our next question is from Harsh Jhawar ofCentrum PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sir my question is can you give us the Capex guidance for the year? 
As for our budget we do expect in terms of our tangible assets in terms of assets investments in 
our facilities and others, including certain replacements and refurbishments, we expect something 
close to about 120-odd Crores, while we still, as we had indicated last time in terms of our IPs 
and investments of intangibles, it has been quite muted in the past two years. There are several 
works which is right now under progress and there maybe some investments capitalization 
possible during this year. Now for the first quarter close to about 20-odd Crores, 20 to 22 Crores 
has been towards Capex, but obviously we will have to see how the next two quarters pan out in 
tenns of our investments and that obviously will depend up on the growth and the order book 
levels. 
Thank you madam. That is it from my side. 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from Sandeep S, Petunia Capital. Please go ahead. 
I am sorry I missed out asking one particular question. See the question I have is, this is of course 
my personal opinion, that your valuations are very attractive from an investor perspective. My 
only question is that has the management thought of a possibility of buyback at all, of course now 
they tax buyback, but have you even thought of it or there is nothing in the offing or is it a 
suggestion that you can take? 
Page 10 of 11 

H R Srinivasan: 
Sandeep S: 
Moderator: 
H R Srinivasan: 
Moderator: 
TAKE Solutions Limited 
August 08, 2019 
I think we are investing in growing the business so I do not think this point of time there is no 
need for allocating capital to buyback. 
Understood, fair enough, it is just a suggestion I had, but I understand that your focus is on 
growth. So okay that is about it. Thanks. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that is all that we have time for questions today. I 
would like to hand the conference back to the management for some closing comments. 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for being on the earnings call of Q l FY2020 of Take Solutions 
Limited. If you have any further queries, please feel free to reach out to us and we in the 
management will be delighted to share with you further information and clarifications. Thank 
you very much and have a wonderful day. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Contact Information: Investor Relations: inve.ston-elations@takesolution .com 
Registered Address: 
TAKE Solutions Limited No. 27, 
Tank Bund Road, Nungambakkam, 
Chennai - 600034, India 
Tel: +91 44 6611 0700/701 
CIN: L63090TN2000PLC046338 
www.takesolutions.com 
Page 11 of 11 
