Date: August 12, 2019 
To, 
To, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “540743” 
Ref.: “GODREJAGRO” 
Subject: Transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with Investors & Analysts held on 
August 5, 2019. 
Dear Sir, 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited held on Monday, 
August 5, 2019 at 5.00 p.m. IST. with the Investors and Analysts.  
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.godrejagrovet.com 
Please take the same on your records 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Vivek Raizada  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS - 11787) 
Encl.: As above
VIVEK 
PRITAMLAL 
RAIZADA
Digitally signed by VIVEK 
PRITAMLAL RAIZADA 
Date: 2019.08.12 15:27:59 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Q1-FY20 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 05, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Agrovet Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining us on Godrej Agrovet’s Q1 FY20 
Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Nadir Godrej – Chairman of the 
company, Mr. Balram S. Yadav – Managing Director, and Mr. S.  Vardaraj – Chief 
Financial Officer of the company.  
We will like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer 
session. Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today’s call may be forward-looking, and a disclaimer to this effect have been 
included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. I would now like to 
invite Mr. Nadir Godrej to make his initial remarks. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet conference call to 
discuss the operating and financial performance for the first quarter of the financial 
year 2019-2020. I shall take you through the summary of the results, followed by the 
key developments and operation highlights for each of our businesses. For the first 
quarter ended June 30th, 2019, the company reported standalone total income of 
Rs. 1,262 crore, which reflects a growth of 13.3%. The standalone profit before tax 
was Rs. 102 crore which was lower as compared to the previous year by 7%. For 
the first quarter ended June 30th, 2019, the company reported consolidated total 
income of Rs. 1,713 crore, which reflects growth of 15.1%. The consolidated profit 
before tax of Rs. 113 crore was 5.9% lower than the previous year. Please note that 
the financials for the 1QFY20  include the financial results of Godrej Tyson Foods 
limited and Godrej Maxximilk Private Limited which became subsidiaries with effect 
from March 27th, 2019. 
Now, I will discuss the quarterly performance of each of our business segments. In 
the animal feed business volume growth was 6.5% driven by growth in layer and the 
fish feed segments. We have taken price increases for most of our products which 
resulted in year-on-year revenue growth of 20% during this quarter. Consequent to 
the volume growth and price increase, the segment margins improved significantly 

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
by 17.2% compared to the 1QFY19. In the coming months, we will continue to focus 
on maintaining our volume growth momentum, along with increasing the segment 
margins. In the oil palm business, the revenue was lower by 13.6% as compared to 
1QFY19 due to a sharp decline in prices of the end products. While arrivals of fresh 
fruit bunches increased by 22% over the previous period, crude palm oil and palm 
kernel oil prices were lower by 21% and 31% when compared with the first quarter 
of fiscal year 2019. Further, the extended summer and the extreme heat adversely 
impacted the oil content. On account of this, the segment performance was 
significantly impacted and was lower by 64.5%.  
In the crop protection business, the standalone segment revenues and the segment 
result grew by 9.4% and 6% respectively. This was despite it being a tough quarter 
for the domestic agro chemical companies.1QFY20 sales growth was driven by 
higher sales of herbicides.  
In our subsidiary Astec Life Sciences, we had strong growth in revenues of 18.4%. 
However, operating profitability was adversely impacted during the quarter due to 
poor realization, resulting in a lower EBITDA margin of 9.5%. Creamline Dairy 
Products Limited, our dairy subsidiary posted revenues of Rs. 320 crore in the 
current quarter compared to Rs. 313 crore recorded in the same period last year. 
The EBITDA margins improved significantly by 124.3% over first quarter fiscal year 
2019, primarily as there was no butter provisioning during the quarter. Going forward, 
our focus will be on strengthening the Jersey brand and increasing the salience of 
our value-added products.  
In our poultry business under Godrej Tyson Food Limited, the revenues during the 
quarter grew by 9.8% supported by live bird prices and the increase in volume of real 
good chicken. However, EBITDA margins were under pressure on account of the 
increase in cost of live bids. GAVL's joint venture in Bangladesh, ACI Godrej, 
recorded a robust revenue growth of 38% over first quarter fiscal year 2019, driven 
by strong volume growth in the cattle, broiler and aqua feeds. 
With this I conclude our business and financial performance update for the quarter. 
We will now be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. First question is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from 
Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Sir, my question is on the palm oil part of the business which has seen a sharp 
erosion. I mean, if you can give some color with respect to how do you see this year 
being, whether this pain would continue or do you see that probably as the quarters 
go the prices would improve and possibly the margins could improve probably in the 
subsequent quarters? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, so, there are two reasons why the performance of oil palm plantation business 
has suffered in spite of a very big increase in fresh fruit arrival, almost 22% 
improvement over last year quarter one. First and foremost is tanking of the oil prices. 
Now, the CPO prices are almost 15%, 16% below last year, and CPKO your prices 
are 30% below last year. And the government of Andhra Pradesh still have not 
declared the price formula, so we are paying as per the old pricing formula. So, that 
is point number one. Point number two is that excessive heat in June, because this 
is a crop which is water hungry crop and because of excessive heat the oil content 
in the fruits was very low. Now, we have seen that post rains in last 15, 20 days oil 
content is improving and because 60% of the season still remains, I am sure that 
most of the efficiencies will get to the last year's level, if not to the budgeted level, 

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
but price remains a very big question mark. It is not that we have gone through such 
a terrible time in efficiencies because of weather changes for the first time, we have 
gone through that earlier, but the governments were very proactive in  giving some 
support to the industry by increasing custom duties. Now if you see the entire oil 
sector is suffering because of lower price CPO which is coming from Indonesia, 
Malaysia, and it is high time we provide some kind of a support by increasing custom 
duty. We are given to understand by  various associations that it is around the corner, 
but the government is addressing a lot of other important businesses. So, my sense 
is within a week or two duties will definitely be increased, otherwise local production 
of all types of oils will suffer, the oilseed farmer will also suffer. So, right now it looks 
like the hit because of efficiencies can be covered up, but because of price can only 
be covered unless and until some duty is there, otherwise it is most likely that the 
shortfall will remain. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Sir, second is basically looking at the entire agri inputs business, both your 
standalone as well as Astec. As you earlier mentioned that Astec was seeing a 
significant decline as far as the gross margins go. So, what I would like to understand 
here is that, I mean from what we understand is there is some amount of pricing 
power that is there if the raw material prices go up, there is some element where 
Astec could have renegotiated. And second is, if I am correct, Astec was also 
investing a lot in backward integration. So, I mean, where is it that it seems to be not 
adding up somewhere. 
Balram S Yadav : 
So, two things happened within Astec. One is that from the Q3 of last year a little bit 
of oversupply and lot of technical manufacture was absorbed throughout the world, 
mostly to the countries where we export our products. And if you remember, in the 
Q4 also we had lot of postponement of sale, which happened as far as exports are 
concerned. Now, this continued in the first quarter also. The second hit we got is, we 
have a product called Propiconazole which got banned in Europe and it was quite 
surprising, because it was most likely the ban was not to take effect this year, but 
unfortunately it happened. We were left with inventory which we had to sell at a lower 
price. 
If you ask me about backward integration, I think we decided to do that two years 
ago, we commissioned the plant last year in Q2. Plant is on stream and that saved 
us at least in several of our products where margin erosion had happened because 
of increased Chinese imports, prices have all gone up because of some disturbance 
in production facilities in China. Now, we still are not out of it, still we are dependent 
on Chinese imports for several of our raw material. But going forward, business 
model will also incorporate investing in backward integration one after the other so 
that are dependent and on Chinese imports reduces because costs are going to be 
high, considering the new environment laws in China, etc.  
Astec, if you ask me, has a lot of opportunity, in the sense that we get lot of calls, 
exploratory calls and business queries on lot of molecules. The only thing which now 
is important is that how we maintain the profitability. And second is, we also need to 
continue investing every year in the plant, because we still have got a lot of business 
coming our way. To add to this, I must tell you that our order book is full for the next 
eight months, the only spoil sport can be cost. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
And with respect to the impact we have taken, the entire impact of Propiconazole or 
is there any further impact that would… 
Balram S. Yadav: 
No, I think our entire impact has been taken and we realize that certain modifications 
in the plant had to be done to probably produce some other product, that also has 
been undertaken. So, that versatility we have built, but unfortunately the prices are 

 
Page 4 of 13 
 
not going up because of that last two quarters glut, and costs are going up. So, that 
I think will take some time to correct. 
Nadir Godrej: 
And Astec can produce other products instead of Propiconazole. So, there doesn't 
look like there will be a long-term effect. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Sir, one final question, if I may. Sir, I would also like to understand what is happening 
on the domestic front, because the monsoon has been all around the place, 
especially in the south there has been fair amount of deficit. And also there has been 
a little bit of lag as far as the rice is concerned and some of the key crops is 
concerned. So, if you can give some color on the domestic market with respect to at 
least the inventory that is there in the market, whether we see this as a headline 
probably for the remaining kharif, or do we see this year as more or less a washout 
year and probably one should be looking for the forthcoming kharif season? I mean, 
what is it that one should be expecting? 
Balram S Yadav: 
So, you are absolutely right, because a dry July is disastrous for kharif. The only 
positive part is that sowing was delayed as far as all crops are concerned. So, the 
requirement of sprays was also delayed. If you ask me, in last 15 days because of 
rain has the offtake of herbicides and other pesticide increased? The answer is yes, 
the offtake and liquidation are happening at a very rapid pace. And the beauty of this 
country is scale, because millions of farmers spray millions of hectares every day. 
So, offtake is also very quick. Is it the ideal season and we will do whatever we were 
expected to do? I still don't know. Because in case there is another round of rain 
which is predicted around 15th to 20th of August, we might still have a very good 
kharif season, because rains will also bring weeds and pests and insecticide sales 
will also go up, including the productivity. So, my sense is that it will not be as good 
as last year, but it still has the opportunity of reaching almost close to that. As far as 
we are concerned, we are banking heavily on this month of August for liquidation of 
several of our molecules. The first few weeks, last week of July and the first week of 
August have augured well. And let us see how rains happen in the middle August, 
which is very, very critical for liquidation of our molecules and molecules for the entire 
industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So, continuing with the same discussion. Now earlier also we had mentioned the in-
licensing opportunity that we are looking forward to in terms of new product launches, 
apart from our own sort of R&D and new products launch. Any updates on that? And 
what can be the timeline for the same? 
Balram S Yadav: 
So, in this kharif season we launched this mixture of herbicide called Hitweed Maxx. 
Hitweed takes care of broad leaf weeds only, but  Hitweed Maxx takes care of both 
broad leaf and grassy weeds. And it has been quite a hit in the market in spite of a 
very poor season initially. So, we are very encouraged. Apart from that, one in-
licensing product by the name of Hanabi will be launched in tea, we have got all the 
permissions and regulatory permissions also. And it is a miticide which has great use 
in tea and which is a Nissan product which will be launched in the second half of the 
year. Several other products are under different stages of registration. And in case 
everything happens on time in next three years, four to five more products will be 
launched. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And on the margins front, while in Astec you did mention the near-term 
challenges in terms of the pricing, on the standalone basis the branded business, we 
do expect to maintain the current profitability run rate? 

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Nadir Godrej: 
I am sure that we will be able to do that in B2C business. In Astec I will repeat myself, 
that the opportunity of increasing prices in next one quarter seem to be pretty low. 
We are still holding the cost, we have coverage in terms of raw material, but what 
will determine the profitability of this business because normally Q3 and Q4 are very 
good quarters for us, we make 60%, 70% of profits in these quarters. In case the 
costs don't go up and whatever spike in prices, we are trying to negotiate happens, 
then I think we will be back to our normal profit margins in Astec Life Sciences on a 
yearly basis, because these two quarters are very important for us. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Secondly, on the animal feed business. Now we do see some decent sort of volume 
as well as a pass through of the earlier raw material hikes resulting in a higher 
realization as well. So, will it be fair to say that the margin what we have reported in 
this quarter, can that be a decent benchmark for the full year? And is there any raw 
material sort of lead challenges still ahead of us? 
Balram S Yadav: 
So, this has been a very, very different year than several years in past, almost five 
six years. I must give you some idea on what is the kind of escalation in raw material 
prices we have seen, which is unprecedented. Corn over Q1 2020 price has going 
up by 57.6%, over Q1 2019 price of Q1 2020 higher by 57.6%. De-oiled rice bran, 
55.4%; cotton seed cake up by almost 76.7%, almost doubled. Now, what it has done 
for animal feed business is that definitely it has affected all the feed players, it 
happened at the time when people were not able to take position, thereby resulting 
in a very, very level playing field for all players. We have always gained whenever 
there is a lot of volatility in raw metal prices. And I have seen that happen many times 
in the last almost 30 years I have been selling animal feed in GAVL, it is going to be 
a very good year, we can see some of the signs in quarter one and more of them in 
quarter two, which are weak quarters, the best is yet to come, Q3 and Q4 are big 
quarters for that. 
Now, let me tell you the flip side of that. The flip side of that is that our Godrej Tyson 
Foods business, which is a fraction of the animal feed business in terms of turnover, 
has suffered because of this increase in the raw metal prices which has increased 
the feed cost. Now, if pass through in animal protein businesses, be it milk or be it 
chicken is with a time lag. So, by the time we have passed through the cost, I think 
it has taken some time, so there is a little bit of hit of profitability there. But there 
again, as I said that Q3 and Q4 are going to be the important quarters and let us see 
how much we can catch up there. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. And in the earlier quarters, we did mention some pricing rejig on the broiler 
front... 
Balram S Yadav: 
Yes, so we did that. Now you have to read our numbers carefully, if you see our 
absolute EBIT per ton in animal feed has gone up. But as a percentage of sale it has 
come down, primarily because of inflation in RM prices and realization. So, you must 
always look at our tonnage and contribution per tonnage, because sometimes we 
may not do well also and because of inflation turnover might rise. So, I think good 
way to look at animal feed is profit per ton and contribution per ton. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. So, my question was actually more referring to the broiler volume growth, we 
did mention layers at which we are driving.  
Balram Yadav: 
So, broiler volume growth, broiler is very tactical for us, because it has become a 
B2B business and I have said that in all con-calls. But the focus is fish where we 
have grown more than 60%, layer feed where we have grown more than 35%, cattle 
feed growth has been sluggish because of low milk prices early in the season, but 
milk prices have risen and we are seeing a little more traction in cattle feed sales 

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
also. So, these three segments are promising good growth this year. Broiler feed, 
we may end up with a slight growth or almost flat, and shrimp is one area where we 
are still struggling. There is de-growth over last year, but it constitutes a very small 
proportion of our total sales and profits. But having said that, I think plans are 
underway, initiatives have been taken, corrections have been done to bring shrimp 
also on track. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, in case of dairy what was the price hike taken? I guess most of the competitors 
have raised prices were 5% to 6%. Also, AP government has announced subsidy, 
so do you see any impact as the subsidy is only for cooperatives? 
Balram Yadav: 
So, normally in Q1, say, up to July, normally the industry takes two to three price 
increases. Unfortunately, this time only one price increase has been taken, because 
the cooperatives just refused to increase the prices at consumer level because of a 
very important democratic event in May. Now, having said that, of course, like they 
cannot bleed endlessly, so everybody is thinking of a price increase now. In certain 
states sizing new price increases have been announced very recently. But in Q1 the 
price increase was 4% or 5%, Rs. 2 to Rs. 3 per litre, which is not enough to cover 
the increased procurement cost, and that is hurting us. But I am sure that industry 
will make corrections.  
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. So, was there any volume decline in Q1? 
Balram Yadav: 
In Q1 our milk sales are flat, our value-added sales rose by almost 21%. Our salience 
of value-added sales has come to something like 33% which is the highest ever. So, 
it grew by 5% from 28 to 33. The challenges this quarter particularly, because the 
procurement prices have gone up in June and July. But the consumer prices have 
not gone up till even yesterday. There is a lot of talk about it so let us see what 
happens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sumit Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Sumit Kumar: 
Sir, my question is regarding palm oil business. So, apart from the lower realization 
what are the other key reason for decline in EBIT margin? 
Nadir Godrej: 
I told you, a big reason is efficiency came down, and efficiency is described only in 
one term, which is the oil extraction ratio. Normally, we have an oil extraction of about 
17% in this season, because it is a very hot season, even though the annual average 
is close to 18% but unfortunately it dipped to below 15%. Now, since we pay on 
tonnage to the farmers, any reduction in oil content is a direct hit to our P&L. Now, 
this is because of weather conditions, very little can be done, all the country suffered 
this in June and part of July. However, post monsoon there is some improvement, 
but seeing this is a biological product, it will still take time and we are sure that from 
on an annual basis efficiency will come close to last year. The big variance might 
come in case the prices don't go up. And that is the challenge this year in this 
business.  
Sumit Kumar: 
So, the Q2 is going to be a big quarter, and the rain started in the South India, like 
AP and Telangana, it got delayed this time. So, there might be a more impact in Q2 
compared to Q2 FY19, efficiency wise? 

 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Absolutely. Q2 FY19 efficiency wise we may come at par, but price wise we are way 
below. 
Sumit Kumar: 
That is okay, the price we all know. But efficiency wise also when you see the rainfall 
in June month in AP and Telangana was higher, when compare this year and the 
previous year. 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. So, normally, unlike crops a plantation crop takes time to improve, because it 
is a full-grown tree. So, in case a crop shows greenery within three days of rain, the 
plantation crops respond in three to five weeks, depending on the age of the crop 
and other conditions also. So, that I think we are seeing from say last week of July, 
actually last 10 days of July; slowly, slowly, slowly oil extraction ratio is improving. 
And that pace is only going to increase as this progress. 
Balram Yadav: 
I must also tell you, this caveat I want to give that we may not be able to recover the 
losses due to low prices, that may be lost forever. 
Sumit Kumar: 
That is okay. So, overall the July month the rainfall was lesser, in the last week of 
July you can see the some improvement in that area. So, overall for the three week 
you have a lower rainfall, so that might have an impact compared to previous year? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. 
S Varadaraj: 
So, it was also because of the excessive heat conditions. So, in an excessive heat 
condition, the fruits seemed to have ripened while they have not actually ripened. 
And the oil formation within the fruit does not really happen to that extent, oil 
synthesis within the fruit. And that's what has sort of resulted in a lower oil content 
during this time period. And as Mr. Yadav rightly mentioned, this is a biological asset, 
right, it's not mechanical. It takes time for it to sort of come back to the normalcy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity. Please 
go ahead.  
Madhav Marda: 
Sir, just one question on the dairy business. I was just reading an article recently 
about what are the global dairy giants finally exiting India, given its such a challenging 
environment. And your commentary too has been that milk procurement prices have 
been going up but end prices are not going up because of the cooperative structure. 
Don't you think this business consumes a lot of capital employed but doesn't drop a 
lot of profit, any thought on restructuring, anything of that sort? 
Balram Yadav: 
So, one of the things is that it does not require too much of capital. Because whatever 
CAPEX we have done is to majorly improve the infrastructure we inherited. Only half 
of CAPEX has gone for capacity expansion, that is for the Vishakhapatnam plant and 
for the UHT lines and the flavored milk line. Now, you are absolutely right, because 
procurement is a competition with cooperatives. And wherever there is private 
money competing with public money, everybody knows who will win. The only thing 
in this business is, as the salience of value-added product goes up, and the brands 
become important, definitely the margins will become more sustainable and that is 
the effort. 
The one reason why the big giants don't find it interesting is that value addition 
opportunity is very limited, people have to really work to develop that opportunity in 
India, requires a lot of patience, etc. And the margins will always be under pressure, 
because the brand premiums will take time to come. The second thing is that this 
procurement prices have no relation to the output prices because of interventions by 

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
government. So, I think this is a very, very big, unattractive thing about this industry. 
Now, output prices are low, but we cannot drop the procurement prices because the 
government gives subsidy through their cooperatives and the farmer, why should 
farmer bring their milk to us if they get Rs. 2 subsidies from the government.  
Madhav Marda: 
Exactly sir, that's what I am saying that the problem... I think if my calculation is right, 
it takes about 20%, 25% of the capital employed for the company, if I read it right, 
and contributes less than 5% of the EBIT. So, it's just dragging down the ROCE, 
right? And I don't see this cooperative structure or anything like that changing in India 
in the coming years. Just wonder, could be a challenging sort of... We've been trying, 
sales growth hasn't been that great, margins have been under some pressure 
continuously. 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. So, I think these businesses will require patience. And I think the easiest way 
is to get rid of a business, but that may be throwing the baby with the water. I am 
saying that we have worked very hard in creating brand, we have created 
infrastructure, we have created sales and distribution of long shelf life products. And 
this is the time we should see some result of all the effort we have made in past two, 
three years. I would say that this is a wrong time to think of portfolio strategy. But we 
are also in the business of buying and selling businesses, that is also our business. 
So, it is not that we will rule out this possibility in time to come. But today is not the 
time to evaluate that. 
Madhav Marda: 
Okay. And just last question on the EBIT margin for dairy, any internal targets that 
we have by say FY21 where this could structurally reach, any thought around that? 
Balram Yadav: 
It’s a forward-looking statement. But major improvement is expected in case the 
salience of value-added product increases. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sir, has the Rs. 80 crore CAPEX in Astec Life Science done? 
Balram Yadav: 
Prakashji, we will just tell you actually. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Because I think we were looking at Rs. 80 crore for FY20 in Astec. 
Balram Yadav: 
Last year we did Rs. 40 crore and this year we have planned for Rs. 45 crore. We 
have almost finalized purchase of land near Bombay for R&D center, that is also 
included in this. But R&D center may cost a little more than what we have expected. 
So, this year we might go to about Rs. 55 crore to Rs. 60 crore investment in Astec. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And this R&D center should come up by when? 
Balram Yadav: 
I think we have made sure that we get into a chemical zone etc. so that we don't 
have too much of regulatory issues. I think within 12 months this should be 
operational. And we are also in a hurry because there are a lot of projects which are 
not getting started because a lack of bandwidth, both in terms of infrastructure and 
people in Astec Life Sciences. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And sir if I look at our sales growth, they have been decent which you were 
hinting at last quarter. But if I look at EBITDA it has grown 6% and PAT has actually 
degrown, obviously, there were some inputs given by you because of higher feed 
costs or lower profitability in the chemical segment. So, as we track the remainder of 

 
Page 9 of 13 
 
FY20, what will bring us to higher profitability, I mean, where can profitability grow at 
15%, 18%, what are the variables we should track and the risk of any to that 
profitability, if you could give us some sense on three, four of our key businesses, 
that will be very helpful. 
Balram Yadav: 
So, animal feed business, going by my experience and the way this last four months 
have gone and what is likely to happen in RM situation, I would say that I don't see 
any tension there. And in the milk business also, I was very worried about two weeks 
ago when people were refusing to take price increases, but now some better sense 
is prevailing. Rains have been very good in several parts of Andhra Pradesh, 
Telangana, Maharashtra, it is just a matter of time that the fodder availability will 
improve, the milk production will improve, and the procurement price will fall. 
Prakashji, one thing which I have seen in this industry, for 10 years I was on board 
of Creamline Dairy, then we became the majority owner, that prices are never 
brought down. So, the only good thing in case price goes up and procurement price 
comes down, we will be definitely doing very well in second half. Last year, we made 
a profit of close to Rs. 23 crore, Rs. 24 crore, and almost 90% of that was made in 
the second half. So, we are still there. Godrej Tyson, depending on what happens to 
raw material prices, the profitability will be determined by that. But that is not a 
significant part of our portfolio. Agro chemical, the pickup has been very, very smart. 
And next 15, 20 days, actually the month of August will determine where we reach. 
Today it looks like that we will be able to show good growth in the agro chemical 
segment also. 
My only worry is every year Q4 is a very, very important quarter for Astec Life 
Sciences, we should not have postponement of sales in quarter for Astec Life 
Sciences, because our profitability is quite skewed towards that. In oil palm, 
efficiencies definitely will come around, only 40% of season is over, 60% is still 
remaining. Definitely we believe it has not happened for the first time that because 
of excess heat or OER has come down. But in most of the time it was hidden because 
the price of oil will take care of that, this is the only time when price of oil has not 
commensurately increased. So, a little bit of nudge from the government in terms of 
taxation. And we are also hearing that China may be short of oil, because of their 
spat with US. If little bit of demand generation happens in palm oil globally, the prices 
might go up significantly in 15, 20 days. So, you can talk to me in the first week of 
September, and I can give you a very clear picture of what is likely to happen. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure, I will do that. That is helpful. And lastly, any thoughts of any inorganic 
opportunity which we are scouting, looking for? Because in tougher times you would 
get what you want to cherry pick and get things which are in your value added zone 
or comfort zone and get it at a price which you would wish to. So, any thoughts on 
that? 
Balram Yadav: 
Absolutely, in spite of these challenges, debt equity is 0.15. So, on a standalone 
basis equity is closed to Rs. 1,500 crore and debt is about Rs. 240 crore, Rs. 250 
crore. So, we have the required wherewithal to go for it, and there are opportunities 
which we are evaluating. But in M&A, particularly in Indian companies it is not done 
till it is done. So, I spent quite some time on inorganic opportunities, there are some 
on the table, but nothing which I can talk about in a confident manner right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Arun Kumar from Atom capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Arun Kumar: 
So, I've got a couple of questions, first is, what is the maintenance CAPEX for this 
year and also the next year, please, because there is some capital work in progress 

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
especially as debt. So, just trying to get an understanding of the ongoing 
maintenance CAPEX this year and next. 
Balram Yadav: 
So, in all our businesses the CAPEX for next three years is not for organic 
production. So, I would say 70%, 80% of CAPEX is for new products, is for new 
genre of chemicals, and it is also for some R&D initiatives, both in Astec Life 
Sciences and the animal feed business. And all these initiatives are going to result 
in margin expansion by adding to value addition or reducing costs in commodity 
businesses. Total CAPEX we have budgeted for next three years, including FY20 as 
year one is close to about Rs. 700 crore. We believe that we will end up definitely 
spending almost 70%, 80% of that, because most of the projects will add significantly 
to margin expansion. 
Arun Kumar: 
Understood sir. So, that is the growth CAPEX, I am just asking without any growth 
what you need to spend just to keep the existing facilities maintained and up and 
running, the usual the usual wear and tear? 
Balram Yadav: 
The usual wear and tear is not in CAPEX, the usual wear and tear we take in the 
variable cost, and that goes through P&L. But CAPEX is whenever we add a new 
machine or a new plant, that I think comes to less than Rs. 15 crore, Rs. 20 crore a 
year.  
Arun Kumar: 
So, if I take your operating cash flow year-on-year, is that fair to assume that pretty 
much all of it is sort of free cash, which means that you can either spend everything 
on growth CAPEX or you can give everything away to shareholders as dividends or 
buyback.  
Balram Yadav: 
Absolutely. 
Arun Kumar: 
Right. So, if I look at your figure from the year that has gone by, I think it's close to 
about Rs. 400 crore in cash from operations. Is that pretty much the figure for the 
free cash then? 
Balram Yadav: 
Absolutely.  
Arun Kumar: 
Okay, great. That's good to know. And any color you could throw on the ad expenses 
for your branded business, maybe on a consolidated basis or if you can break it by... 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, so in food businesses I can tell you that our advertising, publicity budgets are 
close to about Rs. 25 crore. 
Arun Kumar: 
And that's the annualized? 
Balram Yadav: 
Annualized, yes. 
Arun Kumar: 
Okay. And lastly sir, question is regarding the research expenditure. So, is all part of 
the R&D is capitalized or do you book that as expenses and the P&L? The annual 
report is giving a figure of only Rs. 13 crore, but in the previous calls, I was reading 
the transcript, you suggested a figure which was way above this Rs. 13 crore which 
the annual report is showing. 
Balram Yadav: 
13% goes through the P&L. Apart from that we are investing in equipment, more 
facilities, just the one which is likely to come up in near Bombay for agro chemicals, 
which might cost Rs. 30 crore, Rs. 40 crore. So, this is all capitalized. 

 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Arun Kumar: 
So, this disfigure of Rs. 13 crore which is there in the annual report, which is on a 
recurring basis, what is that?  
S Varadaraj: 
So, the revenue expenses which we incur in terms of the costs which are directly 
attributable to the R&D work which is happening, it would include travel costs, include 
payment made to various institutions for doing some work on our behalf, those kind 
of costs. 
Arun Kumar: 
Okay. And how much is going to the P&L, I missed that number. 
Balram Yadav: 
Rs. 13 crore. I will just clarify one point here. In say animal feed business, crop 
protection business, there is a very close association with the technical teams of 
these two businesses. Now, these technical teams are quite big in both animal feed 
and crop production business, but the cost is borne by the businesses. So, they are 
the interface between R&D improvements and field teams, etc. But we take them in 
the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nishant Sharma from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Sir, last quarter you had given the guidance on Astec Life Science for revenue growth 
of 15% EBITDA margin and expectations of 20% EBITDA growth. So, while we have 
met revenue guidance by growing at our 18% in this quarter, but EBITDA seems to 
be fallen short of expectations. Are you still holding on to earlier guidance or 15% 
and 20% growth on Astec Life Science? 
Balram Yadav: 
So, top line, yes. Bottom line, depends in case the cost line for our products hold. 
So, right now if you ask me, I am very skeptical about a 20% EBITDA growth. It's not 
that it is not possible, but will require a lot of things to go right. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Any timeline by which you would be certainly clear? I mean, maybe next coming 
quarter? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, next quarter, I think this is a quarter when we have to correct a lot of things in 
terms of backlog in sales. If that happens, I am saying that we might be in a better 
position next quarter to comment. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Okay, second question is more of a P&L basic. We have seen sharp increase in the 
other expenses by around 30% of YonY growth. Is there any one-off items or 
anything that I am missing out on that? 
S Varadaraj: 
Yes. So, one is in the last year numbers, Godrej Tyson Food expenses were not 
included, because we were not doing a line-by-line consolidation of Godrej Tyson 
Foods and Godrej Maxximilk. So, that's point number one. Point number two is, other 
expenses also would include the variable expenses which are there, like the sales 
variable overheads, the production variable overheads, etc. Now all the processing 
charges, the power and fuel costs, these are all grouped as part of the other 
expenses, and which will sort of go in line with the kind of volume increases which 
we are having. 
Nishant Sharma: 
And if I can squeeze in one more question. Interest and depreciation also seems to 
be rising. So, is there anything that is new come up on stream and as a result these 
numbers have improved or is it something else? 

 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Balram Yadav: 
Sure. So, interest has not risen as part of interest and depreciation. We have to look 
at interest has not risen really, it's almost there at the similar level as last year, 
depreciation has grown primarily because of lot of CAPEX which we had already 
capitalized in the previous year, previous year we had taken only a part of the 
depreciation charge, this year you will have full year depreciation charge. And also 
because of the assets which are getting capitalized in the current year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devendra Wadhwa from Green 
Portfolio Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Devendra Wadhwa: 
Sir, can you show me what is the share of 00:48.35 revenue? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Cannot hear you properly. 
Devendra Wadhwa: 
Yes. Can you please share the share of Triazole in the total revenue from Astec Life 
Sciences? 
Balram Yadav: 
or you are talking about all Triazole Chemistry? 
Devendra Wadhwa: 
All Triazole. 
Balram Yadav: 
Almost 80% or so. 
Devendra Wadhwa: 
And sir my next question is, sir we are having short-term borrowings to commercial 
paper of Rs. 100 crore, do you have sufficient amount to pay it off? 
S Varadaraj: 
Yes. So, we have sufficient number of lines which are available to us to sort of service 
this commercial paper amount. As we mentioned earlier, our debt-to-equity ratio is 
very, very less, it is hardly 0.14:1. So, in terms of the leverage which is available, it's 
sufficient for us to sort of service any such repayment requirement. 
Devendra Wadhwa: 
But sir as you have seen that debt-to-equity ratio is almost highest among your 
industry. 
S Varadaraj: 
It is not 1, I said 0.14 is the debt-to-equity ratio. 
Devendra Wadhwa: 
Okay. And sir, have you 
Nadir Godrej: 
Sorry, can you please repeat? 
Devendra Wadhwa: 
Sir, have you paid these short-term borrowings, because its duration was only of 
three months? 
S Varadaraj: 
Yes, we keep on regularly paying it. In our history we have neither delayed nor 
defaulted on any debts. All the payments have been made in time and properly. So, 
in fact, we are one of the most sort of prime customers for most of the banks. We 
enjoy very good rating and we also enjoy very good borrowing cost. So, generally 
our borrowing cost, even if it is a commercial paper or other borrowings, it is in the 
range of 6% to 6.5%. 
Devendra Wadhwa: 
Okay. My last question was, just a captive question. Did any land issue of Godrej is 
related with Astec Life Sciences? 
Balram Yadav: 
No. I don't think we have any land issue with Astec. 

 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Preet Nagarsheth from Wealth 
FinVisor. Please go ahead. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
Yes. I want to understand how do you see the prices of maize? And what's your 
sense on it? Because you did you mentioned that the prices have gone up 
significantly. So, where do you see the kharif crops are currently? 
Balram Yadav: 
So, area under corn is definitely at par with last year, the productivity is likely to be 
good because of very good rains in most of the corn area. The only issue we see is 
that a little bit of attack of army worm, it is a worm which attacks and there is a 
significant loss to the crop. However, farmers are taking corrective action. And a little 
bit of import of corn has also started, government is allowing import of corn at 15% 
duty. Even after 15% duty, the corn landing at about 12%, 13% at lower costs than 
the current market price. So, my sense is that the way I am seeing the crop there 
should be ease in prices towards October onwards when the crop comes. But will 
we see the prices which we used to see earlier of Rs. 14, Rs. 15 ex-mandis, I don't 
think so. I think from Rs. 23, Rs. 24 right now it might drop to Rs. 17, Rs. 18 for a 
short time and go back again. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
Got it. And how much percentage of the poultry feed is corn? 
Balram Yadav: 
40% of poultry feed is corn in terms of cost, in terms of volume about 55%. And the 
other culprit this year has been rice bran, which increased almost 67%, which is more 
than 50% of the cattle feed raw material. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
Okay. So, any decline in prices will be beneficial for the company? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for their closing comments. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the company, we would 
be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on 
this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Godrej Agrovet Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
