k\ISPd
ReIiabilifr
Value Performonce
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
23rd August 2019
To,
The Corporate Services Dept.
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhov Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai 400 001.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Exchange Plaza,
C-I, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai
— 400 051.
Security Code: 532456
ISIN: 1NE070C01037
Symbol: COMPINFO
Sub: Transcript of Analyst Call held on Friday, 16th August 2019 at 3.30 p.m. 1ST
Dear Sir/Ma’am,
Pursuant
to
Regulation
30
of
the
SEBI
(Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosures
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith transcript of the tele-conference
call with the analysts held on Friday, 16th August 2019 at 3.30 p.m. 1ST, to discuss
Operational and Financial performance for QIFY2O.
Please take the disclosure above on records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully
For Compuage Infocom Ltd.
Disha Shah
Company Secretary
Place: Mumbai
End: As above.
0-601/602 & G-6011602,
Lotus corporate Pork.
Graham 11db Steel Compound,
Wes:em express Hhway Gcregcon {E},
Numba
— 400 063 Inda.
Ph,;+91-22-671 1 4444
Fax:+91-22-671 1 4445
‘ntcarnouageta.c0P
w.w cornpuagelndla.com
cLNJ: L99999MH1 Q99PLCI 35914

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Compuage Infocom Limited 
Q1 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 16, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL MEHTA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
– 
COMPUAGE 
INFOCOM LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Compuage Infocom 
Limited Q1 FY2020 Earnings conference call. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on 
the beliefs, opinion and expectation of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Atul Mehta, CMD, Compuage Infocom Limited. Thank you and over to you 
Sir! 
Atul Mehta: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I would like to thank you all for being 
part of Compuage Infocom Q1 FY20 earnings conference call. Along with 
me we also have Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations 
Advisors. 
 
Let me first give you an overview of our consolidated Q1 FY20 results. Our 
revenue grew by 6% to Rs.926.2 Crores for Q1 FY20 as compared to 
Rs.873.5 Crores in Q1 FY19 led by IT products and mobility businesses. 
Our gross profits came in at Rs.37.6 Crores Q1 FY20 versus Rs.36.4 Crores 
in Q1 FY19 a year-on-year growth of 3.4%; however gross margins reduced 
by 10 BPS from 4.2% in Q1 FY19 to Rs.4.1% in Q1 FY20. Our 
consolidated EBITDA stood at Rs.16.7 Crores in Q1 FY20 as against 
Rs.17.1 Crores in Q1 FY19 down by 1.9% year-on-year due to higher other 
expenses consequently, our EBITDA margins also reduced by 14 basis 
points from 1.95% in Q1 FY19 to 1.81% for Q1 FY20. Our profit after tax 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 3 of 15 
stood at Rs.4.2 Crores in Q1 FY20 down from Rs.5.0 Crores in Q1 FY19 
due to lower other income. 
 
Now coming on the operational highlights, Q1 FY20 saw a positive upward 
trend for our IT products and mobility business division. Even during the 
weak business environment, this segment continued to grow for us as people 
continue to invest in what is necessary for day to day use and it is difficult to 
cut down on these spending. Due to recent elections and uncertainty, 
corporates were on a wait and watch more for further investment onto their 
businesses, which affected our enterprise solutions business due to 
postponement of investments. Overall economy along with IT market 
growth has slowed down for many reasons ranging from weak business 
sentiments to liquidity crunch, etc., which we believe are temporary in 
nature, which are a part and parcel of business cycle. For long-term, we 
remain positive on the overall IT spends for the industry and with our rich 
experience team and strong execution we are in a much better position to 
capture the opportunity wherever available. 
With this, I shall now leave the floor open for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question and 
answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. We take the first question is from the line of Zaki 
Abbas Nasser an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Good afternoon Atul Bhai and we have to commend you for at least 
keeping the topline better than Q1 last year although the expenses were 
slightly higher. Sir broadly how do you foresee the current year panning out 
considering there is a liquidity crunch and slowdown in spending although I 
think margins would be slightly lower do you think on the topline basis we 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 4 of 15 
would be able to better last year Sir and number two what are the products ? 
Any change in products mix you see going forward? Thank you. 
Atul Mehta: 
As a practice we do not really want to get into forecasting more so but let us 
acknowledge that the year is quite challenging. There are a lot of 
uncertainties in businesses backed by weak sentiments and cash flow 
challenges, which we are all aware of and while IT and mobility is gaining 
importance, it is still something that is postponable. There are things, which 
are a lot more important and therefore it is very, very difficult how the year 
is going to pan out to. Having said that it is going to be our endeavor while 
Q1 was challenging and we have tried to ensure that at least the topline was 
maintained because a lot of fixed expenses, which cannot be put on hold or 
postponed so our endeavor is going to be definitely to improve upon last 
year’s performance. That is one. The second is in terms of the product mix. I 
think we are quite well placed because I will take you a little further into our 
business strategy. We have broken our businesses into five verticals. First 
one is being the IT consumer, second one being IT enterprise, third being 
mobility, fourth one, which is a relatively newer one that we have ventured 
into about two to three quarters back and that is cloud business, which is 
still in a very nascent and I would say more of an investment stage at this 
point of time and fifth one is the hardware services, which we have got into 
about two to three years back and we have now stabilized and now we are 
going to be looking at growing from here on, so we are well balanced not 
having any high dependency on any one area and we will continue to focus 
to grow our businesses in all these areas. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Sir any challenges from any new lines of market any new entrants in terms 
of any new channels, which might give you competition you see beyond 
what was there a couple of quarters back? 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Atul Mehta: 
There is not much change, which has happened in the last two quarters. I 
think the channels of distribution remain the same. That is the traditional 
reseller and system integration channel and then thereafter came the modern 
retail the large format retail channel and the latest being the online channel 
and we cater to all the three channels directly so yes there is some change 
happening, but nothing, which is very drastic in nature, but we fulfill all the 
channels and therefore there is nothing worrisome as far as the distribution 
companies like us are concerned. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Sir the equity in the current quarter what is given is fully diluted right.  
Rs.13 Crores is the fully diluted equity or any other conversions are pending 
Sir? 
Atul Mehta: 
No nothing is pending as of now. There is no dilution pending. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: There was some allotment to Karvy that is not going too converted to 
equity right? 
Atul Mehta: 
That is redeemable preference shares. So it is an eight year period that we 
have and therefore they do not have an option to convert. It is redeemable 
preference shares. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: The equity as of now is fully diluted whatever is there? 
Atul Mehta: 
That is correct. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Thank you Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Vora an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Vora: 
Sir how are we planning to reduce the debt? 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Atul Mehta: 
Very frankly there are two things that we cannot be doing. One is definitely 
we are looking at raising more capital as we move along and with high 
growth plan that the company has over the next three to five years, I do not 
think we are going to be reducing the debt, but we will ensure that even if 
the debt grows, which it will grow because we are after all a distribution 
company and there is a limited value addition that we can do vis-à-vis a 
product company and therefore we will ensure that there is a right mix or 
balance between equity and debt as we move along. 
Akshay Vora: 
Since the credit rating had degraded so do you think there will be difficulty 
obviously there will be difficulty in raising the capital, so how do you think 
those lines? 
Atul Mehta: 
There is a very marginal decrease in rating. It basically remains A minus 
and it was only because of delay in capital infusion, which it has already 
happened and therefore we expect it to be restored back very soon and basis 
what we are seeing in terms of current trend in the last six to nine months. I 
think the agencies are also trying to take a very, very cautious view. So in 
our case, it has moved from A minus (A-) Stable to A minus (A-) Negative 
primarily for the reason I mentioned. 
Akshay Vora: 
The employees and everybody except the shareholders I hope they are taken 
off, but how do you think the minority shareholders will be rewarded of say 
three to five years? 
Atul Mehta: 
We believe we are very, very strongly committed to every stakeholder of the 
organization and it definitely keeps our team, our shareholders very close to 
our mind and heart and I play a dual role as an employee as well as the 
shareholder so if there any benefit happening to either of these two set of 
stakeholders it is going to benefit me as well, so in my opinion the 
shareholders will definitely see lot of value as we move along because we 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 7 of 15 
have ambitious plan, plan of not only growing the topline but growing the 
bottomline line as well and it is just that we have to be a little patient at the 
moment considering the overall macroeconomic scenario that is going on. 
Akshay Vora: 
Wish you all the best. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Shah from PS 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Shah: 
Sir my question is on cloud solutions, so now that the enterprises are 
shifting from traditional servers to cloud solutions, so how are we as a 
distributor placed to make most for this opportunity? 
Atul Mehta: 
Cloud it is still in a very nascent stage as far as India is concerned primarily 
because of the way we still look at acquiring assets and acquiring software 
where the cultural shift is still not happening moving from outright 
purchases to the subscription annuity mode, so it is going to be a gradual 
transition until some things are trashed upon us. Sometimes we are not 
willing to adopt the newer ways of doing business and that is what we as a 
company and country are seeing. It is a very, very slow progression. It will 
pick up as we move along because there are lots of companies which are 
switching off, selling off licenses. They are saying cloud or they are saying 
subscription or annuity as the only way forward and as that gathers 
momentum our cloud business will grow so we will have to kind of go with 
how the market adopts moving from outright purchases of licenses towards 
subscription annuity base and so we as a company what we can do we are 
doing, we have started a line of sales with vendors, we have created a 
market place again only for the resellers because our entire business model 
is B2B, we do not create a end customers at all and getting our teams ready, 
techno commercial team to address the partners so all that is required as an 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 8 of 15 
organization enablement which is already happening and will continue to 
gather momentum as we see customers adopting towards this approach. 
Amit Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Agarwal from Arc 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one being client wise revenue 
contribution, Sir what is the Revenue Contribution from top five clients? 
Atul Mehta: 
As a Company we are taking a very, very conservative approach. Our Board 
has set a guideline that no single customer can be greater than 10% of the 
company’s revenue and therefore our top customer contributes not more 
than 6%- 7% and thereafter it drops fairly fast so if you were to ask me the 
percentage of top five customers, it may not be more than 15%- 16% put 
together. We believe in a broad-based model on an annualized basis we 
serve close to about 12,500 resellers, retailers, online, offline, systematic 
raters all put together so we believe and with and it means more worth but it 
gives us a lot more stability as an organization. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Right, right, so thanks Sir and I have one more book keeping question sir 
what is a gross debt as of first quarter? 
Atul Mehta: 
As of first quarter our gross debt would be in the region of about Rs.435 
Crores. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thanks Sir. That is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Kothari from 
Progwell Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Atul Kothari: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Sir can you throw some light as to what is 
the company’s market share in the IT distribution in India? 
Atul Mehta: 
Let me address it in a different manner and I hope I am able to address your 
query and if not you can ask me further questions. The IT and mobility 
distribution industry where there are about by and large 95% of the business 
comes from 10 players, which is about Rs.70,000 Crores and we as a 
company have about 6%- 7% share in that space. Now this is of course of a 
combination of IT and mobility. As far as Compuage is concerned about 
80% of our revenue comes out of IT both consumer or four parts, IT 
consumer, IT enterprise, Cloud and hardware services, so the ratios from 
other companies point of view since lot of data is not very easily available, I 
can only give you an indication. In our case, as a company our mobility 
percentage is less and therefore, if I were to go by those criteria our IT share 
in the distribution pie is about 6%- 7%, if you were to look at the IT share it 
would be more because our mobility share is less. 
Atul Kothari: 
Okay and Sir Can you let me know how the industry has panned out over 
the last three to four years in the IT distribution industry. 
Atul Mehta: 
If you really see now I would say the whole industry is while we keep 
talking about IT and mobility in my opinion I think it is getting converged 
into one with brands like Apple, which are into both IT as well as mobility 
and I think that this is happening so I would say in the last three to five 
years. The IT consumer has not been growing and IT enterprise has been 
growing fairly well and mobility undoubtedly is going right side. I would 
possibly classify into those three buckets Cloud is still in a nascent stage. I 
think we all as users while do require a desktop or a laptop but our usage on 
those devices is reducing vis-à-vis usage on smart phones, now if you ask 
me I as a user used three devices at desktop when I am in office, smartphone 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 10 of 15 
when I am travelling up to three days of travel and I carry a laptop when my 
travel is beyond three to four days and I am sure lot of people possibly do 
that so that is an indication that all of use much more of smart phone for 
business uses as well. 
Atul Kothari: 
Sir how do you foresee the future of the IT distribution industry going ahead 
couple of years from now? 
Atul Mehta: 
This industry is definitely there to say if that is the question vis-à-vis the 
online forays which are happening. For several reasons today also first I 
would say the enterprise business which is a combination of not only sales 
of product giving technical support in terms of designing and creating a Bill 
of Material for the product for mid-to-large enterprises. There is also 
technical support provided by distributors for after sales during the 
installation etc. It is all very selective what these distributors provide so that 
part of business is extremely I would never use the word impossible, I will 
say the extremely difficult for an online player to foray into. Second is 
likewise cloud; third are likewise services, which had a lot of expertise 
requirement. The last piece I will come to is the consumer products like 
laptop and printers and such devices which are standalone where the 
consumers are I would say individual consumers or SMD consumers are 
growing and picking up directly from be it retail store or be it an online 
store but those are today also being fulfilled by a distributor and I cannot say 
for sure that it will be but there is no reason why it cannot be fulfilled by an 
offline distributor like us for the simple reason that this is a newest form of 
go-to market strategy which has come into play in the last 25 years and 
being utilized by IT as our technology is of 25, 30 years old so when the 
distribution was available through national distributors like us, they were 
quick to adopt it for various reasons.  

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 11 of 15 
                                 One, the most important being obviously the low cost at which we help 
them reach the last mile go and make it available to a reseller or retailer who 
services and end customers so I am sure a brand can very well do what we 
are doing, but they cannot do it at 3%, 4%, 5% margins at which we are 
ready to it. We do stocking, we provide support to partners, resellers, we 
provide credit to resellers and we provide deliveries that is the supply chain 
part so all this is being done at margins ranging from 3% to 5%. Our brand 
can very well do it, but it will cost them more so I think this is one of the 
single most reason and let me give a classic example of Samsung which in 
the country has may be 70, 80, 90 warehouses for their consumer durables 
and all these businesses which have come into existence may be 50, 100 
years back where they use city dealers, city distributors, they use 
warehouses, they use the sales team now when the mobility product got 
introduced despite having country wide infrastructure they opted for 
distribution firm or go-to market strategy for the very reasons that I already 
explained and therefore there is no reason for this mode of distribution to 
get discontinued. Yes, it will evolve, we evolved as a company in 32 years 
and that is why we are kept growing and we are stayed relevant and that is 
what we have to keep doing, so I do not think on the contrary my feeling is 
the other businesses when they see the benefit of this low cost distribution 
model when I say it can be pharma, it can be chemical whatever, I think 
they will also going to adopt to this model so I am quite sure this will stay 
relevant. 
Atul Kothari: 
Thank you for this opportunity. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Vora an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Akshay Vora: 
How are we planning to increase our market share? You mentioned we have 
a share of around 6%-7% so are we planning to increase the share and how 
difficult is it for us to increase that share? 
Atul Kothari: 
Our plan is definitely to work towards increasing the share there is no doubt 
about it and I think we have done a decent job in the last 10 years. See we 
have been in distribution while we are a 32 year old company we have been 
in distribution for about 16- 17 years prior to that we ourselves were a 
reseller and a systematic retailer and in last 10 years our CAGR has been 
close to about 18.5% which I believe as more than the market share. So we 
will continue on that path. It is definitely not easy because the biggest 
challenge is to increase the share. One is we obviously will grow on our 
existing product lines, the industry grows, market size grows and we will 
grow. If our market share in a particular product is less than 10% we take it 
to 12% and we increase our share. We still have only about 25 to 30 brands 
in a portfolio which is far lesser than some of our peers in the industry who 
have 60, 70 and 80 brands and we need to add brands and we are working 
towards adding the brands which is not entirely in our control. The brand 
needs to have an opening to add distributor as a first step than obviously 
Compuage has to be the right fit for them from our perspective and their 
perspective, there are sometimes we feel we do not want to associate 
sometimes they feel we are not the right one so it is process which continues 
and we will continue on that part. 
Akshay Vora: 
Why would other brands be uncomfortable partnering with Compuage as 
you mentioned there would be some reasons why they would be 
uncomfortable so why would they be uncomfortable since we have so much 
of experience into this business so what are the challenges that the peers 
give us which does not enable us to further which other brands? 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Atul Mehta: 
I have been very realistic when I said that some may be uncomfortable 
because we win some and we lose some while we truly are a value added 
distributor and I feel if we look at the last 10 years horizon, Compuage has 
been the biggest beneficiary of the best and the biggest brands in the 
industry so we possibly won more brands than any of our competitors, but 
yes I will not say that we won every single opportunity came our way for 
whatever reason, we would have made a pitch, we do our best and 
sometimes the vendor finds that somebody else is better positioned to 
handle it so it does happen. That does not make give up on those 
opportunities. We keep pursuing them basis our game plan what verticals 
we want to focus on first and today and some may be latest basis our 
analysis of the business. 
Akshay Vora: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manisha Gupta from Care 
Ratings Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Manisha Gupta: 
Sir I have question that we know that you are going to infuse another Rs.25 
Crores of cash in the form of equity so when can we expect that kind of 
Infusion in the Company so that your capital structure ratio would improve? 
Atul Mehta: 
So the plan is definitely to do that as soon as possible but I am sure we are 
all aware about the market scenario at this point of time and we will just 
wait for it to get stabilized. Our endeavor is going to make it happen before 
the end of the year. 
Manisha Gupta: 
Okay so most probably by Q3? 
Atul Mehta: 
While we would like to, we will have to wait for the market to stabilize that 
is the only factor at this point I am sure you will agree in the investors are 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 14 of 15 
going to be cautious in making fresh investment they rather take care of the 
existing investments so we will have to wait and watch and may be 
hopefully I should not say they may be hopefully we will have better view 
on this when we end in Q2. 
Manisha Gupta: 
Another part as you told earlier that there is decline in margin mostly 
because of higher other expenses so what kind of expenses are we talking 
about? 
Atul Mehta: 
We as a company look at both short-term and long-term. We do not want to 
miss site of long-term investments which are required so that when the 
macroeconomic scenario improve we are there to capitalize first available 
opportunity so there are like one of the investments initiative that company 
has done which is cloud, which we have signed up people and it takes time 
before this start becoming net productive for the company that is one area. 
Second is when businesses are slow we need to do more in terms of 
marketing efforts and activity on that front so these are kind of areas which 
kind of makes it whatever little dent we have seen in the profitability I think 
because of the reason and we would not like to slowdown these activities 
because the moment the scenario improves we will be first one to benefit 
out of it. 
Manisha Gupta: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Atul Mehta for his closing comments. 
Atul Mehta: 
Thank you all for joining on the call and I hope I have been able to answer 
most of your queries. We look to forward your participation in the next 
quarter and if you have any further queries, you may kindly contact SGA, 
our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
 
    Compuage Infocom Limited 
August 16, 2019 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Compuage Infocom Limited 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
