 
Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@notes.cummins.com 
            CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2019 
 
August 12, 2019 
 
 
The Relationship Manager, 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
                                     
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on August 08, 2019 
 
 Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated July 31, 2019 towards analyst 
conference call, we are enclosing for your records a copy of the transcript of the said 
conference call conducted by the Company on August 08, 2019. 
 
We request you to please take this intimation on your record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
 
Hemiksha Bhojwani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership Number: ACS22170 
 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 HEMIKSHA 
BHOJWAN
I
Digitally signed 
by HEMIKSHA 
BHOJWANI 
Date: 2019.08.12 
17:22:37 +05'30'

 
Cummins India Ltd. 
Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
 
August 8th, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SPEAKERS: 
Management, Cummins India Ltd. 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning everyone. Thank you for standing by and welcome to analyst's 
call for Cummins India Limited. Quarter 1 2019-20 Conference Call. For the 
duration of the presentation, all participant's lines will be in listen-only mode. 
We will open the floor for Q&A post the presentation. So I would now like to 
hand over the proceedings to Mr. Sandeep Sinha. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you very much. Very good rainy morning to all of you. This is Sandeep 
Sinha from Cummins India Limited. I have along with me Mr. Rajiv Batra, CFO. 
Thank you for participating in this call. I would like to convey the financial 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
results for the quarter ending June 2019 through this call. Before I go into the 
results, I would just like to give an update on what I see as happening in the 
markets that we participated. Our power gen market and our distribution market 
is still holding up well. Mining, marine and construction have certainly slowed 
down especially because of the financial crunch that we see in the market and as 
well as especially in construction because of monsoons a lot of activities of 
construction slowed down. On exports, we see significant slowdown across the 
different geographies that we participated and this is certainly an area of concern 
for us. Our financial results for the quarter ended June 2019 with respect to June 
2018, our total net sales were at 1,316 crores which was an increase of 2% 
compared to the same quarter last year. Domestic sales stood at 990 crores which 
was an increase by 16%. Our exports, however, declined by 26% at 327 crores. 
Our profits before taxes was at 194 crores which is 23% lower as compared to 
254 crores in the same quarter last year. With respect to the sequential quarter, 
our total net sales of 1,316 crores was flat as compared to the earlier quarter of 
1,314 crores. Domestic sales stands at 990 crores which is flat as compared to 
992 crores in the preceding quarter. Our exports grew by 1% over last quarter at 
327 crores. Our profits before taxes at 194 crores was 7% lower than last quarter 
which was at 209 crores. Segment-wise breakup for you, in the domestic market, 
our industrial domestic business sales was at 250 crores which denotes a 37% 
growth over last year. Power gen domestic sales was at 393 crores which was a 
10% growth over last year and distribution business was at 346 crores which was 
8% growth over last year. Low horsepower exports, however, was at 129 crores 
was a decline of 39% over last year. High horsepower exports at 173 crores was 
a decline of 10% over last year. Our financial guidance in terms of the sales 
outlook for the full year 2019-20, we maintain the target at 8% to 10% growth 
for domestics but we are lowering our guidance for exports to between -12% to -
15% over last year. I also wanted to share a piece of news regarding myself after 
15 rewards years at Cummins, I would like to share that I have decided to pursue 
a career outside Cummins. This decision to move onto the next chapter of my 
career was certainly not an easy one. I have been a Cummins' leader and 
everything that it has taught me will remain with me as I move into new 
territories in the coming months. I am very, very grateful to the support I have 
received from our board members, my leadership team and extremely proud of 
the collective accomplishment we've had over the last few years. I would also 
like to thank all of you for the confidence you have shown in Cummins India. In 
its 100th year, both Cummins Inc. and Cummins India have reported record 
revenues and EBITDA and I am confident that we will grow from strength to 
strength in the coming years. With this, it is also my pleasure to inform you that 
the new Managing Director of Cummins India is Ashwath Ram. Ashwath first 
joined Cummins in Columbus, Indiana in 1991 and since that he has led many 
operations and key transformation across many businesses. In his last role, he has 
been the leader of the engine business in India, power systems business in India. 
In fact, he was the director of sales and marketing for power gen for a period of 
time. Ashwath also has served as a managing director of Tata Cummins and has 
been a gentle manager for our engine business in global roles beyond his India 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
tenure. I have known Ashwath as a friend, as a peer, as a team member and I can 
assure you that I am leaving all of you in very, very safe hands. He's an 
extremely committed and professional individual and I know that he will steer 
Cummins India into its next phase of growth and competitive challenges. He 
certainly inherits a very strong team and I am sure collectively they will take 
Cummins India into its bright future. With that, I would like to open up our 
session for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. With this, we will open the floor for Q&A interactive 
session. So participants, if you wish to ask your questions, you may please press 
0 and then 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your line to be unmuted. 
First question of the day we have from Renjith Sivaram from ICICI Securities. 
Your line is unmuted. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Good morning sir and some of the major worry on the gross margin 
[indiscernible] material cost to sale so if you can throw light is there any one-off 
or is it because the price hikes which we had spoken about has not been 
transmitted? What's the reason the material cost to sales have gone up this 
quarter? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you Renjith for your question. I think the biggest impact is coming 
because of our mix. So as our export mix has come down and which is as much 
higher margins in our domestic sales. That has had a significant impact and then, 
of course, we've also had FX impact. So between the two are kind of the main 
reasons. So I think we continued to sustain our pricing -- the price increase that 
we had given in the market. So other than the first two reasons I mentioned I 
think everything else is in control. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So sir can you just quantify the FX impact for this quarter? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
About a percent -- little more than a percent. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay and this is included in the material cost. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
That is correct. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay and sir you also mentioned in your opening remarks the industrial 
construction mining marine is not doing well but this quarter we have seen a 
37% growth in industrial. So is it going forward you are seeing a decline in these 
numbers because 37% growth in industrial is a very good number to start with? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
I think I was just trying to mention that -- so construction is actually we are 
saying for the whole year will be flat as against significant growth we have seen 
in the last year and rail is still doing well. So because of some of the markets and 
compressors market is doing very well for us. So between compressors and rail 
are two segments within the industrial business that are doing well and right now 
construction and mining are bit of a concern. Marine, of course, is a small market 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
but we hope to make it up in the next year. Lot of projects have been delayed. So 
yeah we still have hope that within the year we should be able to capture those. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay and sir lastly if you can give that breakup of industrial. You gave us 
construction, mining and rail. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Right, right. So you want by power gen industrial and…? 
Renjith Sivaram: 
No, that you've given already. The industrial breakup you give it . 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Oh, yeah, yeah. Sure, sure. So in this quarter we had about 45 crores of 
compressor sales. Construction was about 90 crores. Mining was 10 crores. Rail 
was 85 crores and marine and others was about 20 crores. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And what were the corresponding growth numbers if you can share that? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
So compressor was a very significant growth about 150 plus percent. 
Construction as I said slowed down by 7%. Mining remained flat. Rail grew by 
85%. Marine, of course, it's a very small number – marine and others grew by 
about 25-30%. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Thank you. I'll join for further questions. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you Renjit. 
Moderator: 
Thanks for you question. Next we have Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financials. 
Your line is unmuted. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Yeah a very good morning sir. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Good morning Sandeep. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
First question is a clarification in the domestic sales guidance. The earlier 
guidance was 10 to 15% that we had on the previous conference call which also 
has been lowered to 8 to 10% in the current quarter. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Yes. Sandeep I am sorry. Actually I think when I initially said that we maintain, 
actually it is not true that we had 10 to 15, I probably should have said it's 8 to 10 
which is a lower guidance than before. So my apologies for that. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sure, sure. Thank you for clarifying that. Second question is on the distribution 
segment. If you look at the overall trajectory in the power gen segment over the 
last say three to four years on an average, it has grown between 10 to 12% which 
ideally should translate into healthy growth for distribution in the coming years. 
So my question here is that our annual reports states of a one time large defense 
order which we executed in the previous year. So what was the quantum of that 
and excluding that how do we see the growth's trajectory in distribution? If you 
can give some more color on that? 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Maybe I, for the specific quesion, please I will ask Rajiv to clarify that with you. 
I just want to give you an overall sense of distribution business, its impact 
because of power gen and what we are doing. As the main grid continues to 
become more reliable, the usage of our power gensets keep coming down and 
which impacts our service revenues because of that. So our mix used to be that in 
distribution almost than 60 to 70% of the distribution revenues used to come 
from power gen and that has come down to may be about 55% now. And please 
don't quote me on these numbers but I am giving you a generic sense. Now 
there's a usage of gensets coming down. People service it less, correct because 
your number of hours of usage before it gets serviced. So it takes longer to 
service, right. Now what we have been doing though what -- so actually we have 
degrowth in many of the power gen service markets but what we are doing is 
overcompensating with increase in assets in rail etc. where the usage is high and 
our market share and our growth have been very high over the last few years. So 
lot of our focus has moved into those markets. So I think that is the – at high 
level that's how you will need to think that we are- but the 8 to 10% growth that 
you see year-on-year is because we are putting a lot of focus into some of these 
new segments like rail and marine where the usage of our engines and assets are 
much higher. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Understood. And lastly sir just want some clarification on the export breakup 
that you shared in LHP and HHP. If you could just give us in the earlier format 
of say LHP, HHP, heavy duty HHP and spares, those five broader subsidiaries. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Certainly, certainly. So we had about 50 crores of LHP sales, mid range was 
about 80 crores, heavy duty was 30 and high horsepower was about 140 crores. 
Both LHP and HHP spares put together was about 25 crores. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you sir. That's all from my side. Thank you for taking my 
question. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Next we have Venkatesh from Citigroup. Your line is unmuted. 
Venkatesh: 
Yeah, sir at a broader level I mean if you could take some time to explain this 
aspect. If you look at your EBITDA margins in this quarter, it is at 9.5%. Now 
this is a 15-year low in terms of EBITDA margins. So can you actually throw 
some light what exactly is happening which has created such a poor performance 
in this quarter? If you could deal with some of these aspect, if I could just 
mention it to you. One is I see that the other expenditure has gone up. Is there an 
element that technical fees and royalties or commission to the parent has 
increased which has caused this other expenditure to increase? I also notice a fact 
that every passing year your purchase of traded goods keeps going up. So it 
almost seems like Cummins India now has become more like a marketing entity 
than a manufacturing entity. So is it like you've taken decisions where you're 
purchasing more than manufacturing it more on your own self? Now when you 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
are purchasing these traded goods, where are you purchasing it from? Is it from 
third party entities like Simpsons or is it got to do with the fact that you are 
purchasing more from your internal entities? So what exactly is happening? Is 
there a problem in the market that -- because I distinctly remember that you 
mentioned that in the third quarter FY19 you took price hikes. It doesn't look like 
there has been any impact of the price hikes. Is it like you're giving discounts to 
sell? So what exactly has caused these margins to go to 58 quarter lows in terms 
of 9.5%? Could you spend some time to explain this. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Sure, sure. Venkatesh I think you've kind of answered a few while you asked the 
question but I'll make sure I give you my sense on this. I think we should start 
first with the material margin impact. So what is happening is our export markets 
and again I don't need to tell you, you probably read it in the papers and hear in 
the news everyday what is happening in the global markets and almost cross 
every -- and you know we have a pretty widespread footprint of exports around 
the world and every market we are seeing we are having issues. Right now South 
America is in trouble. Continent of Africa is not doing well. Europe, you know 
very well what's happening there. So across our markets where we play 
significantly even China where we have our footprint in certain segments is not 
going well at all. So with that first the export -- because the export margins are 
way higher than domestic market, I explained before we've lost almost a percent 
and a half in mix. FX has a negative impact [indiscernible] percent, right. 
Certainly, we are investing more in some of the future capabilities, new products 
that we will need to define. So for example our teams have already started to 
work on CPCB-4 programs. So we have kind of started our investments, 
although slow this year but still we have started. So that's obviously going to 
come out. And then we've had couple of discretionary spend like we had a one-
time consulting fee which we are trying to make sure that our supply-chain 
model is improving and becoming more efficient with the change in GST 
structure, etc. So a lot of those things that we want to do for the future, we've 
made investments right now which I think are very prudent. Now, to come to 
your -- and I do think that this is kind of the low for this year -- this quarter is 
low for this year. So we are hoping that in the coming quarter you will see a 
recovery and I don't think that this is the level we will operate it. And I do see 
that in the – you know kind of I do see the positiveness in the months that has 
gone by. Now as far as your question on trading goods is concerned, there is no 
change in our strategy [indiscernible] today. What has happened is traditionally 
the products that we used to make within our Cummins India boundaries. Those 
are the ones where we were putting a lot of our efforts. But over the last few 
years what we have done is the engines for example our small gensets, we buy 
those engines from Simpsons. It is much cheaper to buy them from engines 
versus CIL putting in its capitals and trying to make it because Simpsons makes 
it in much higher volumes, we buy a part of their volume. So they have leverage 
of scale. We would never be able to get that [indiscernible]. So it is not because 
we don't want to make those engines, we can. Of course, some of those engines 
we don't even build anywhere in the world like 1-liter engine etc. but having said 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
that it would not be prudent for CIL to make those capital investments and 
[indiscernible] investment. Now those markets have grown very well for us. So 
when you see the trading goods go on, we have not changed the engine 
purchasing platform over the last few years. It's still been the same. We used to it 
buy from Simpsons or from Tata Motors which now changed to only Simpsons 
because we were able to get further cost reductions from them and then we buy it 
from Tata Cummins and I explained this in my AGM too yesterday that Tata 
Cummins makes about 200,000 B-series engines. Our requirement is 8000 or 
9000 each year, 5000 to 9000 depending on the year. So you are able to get the 
leverage from them, right. Again if we were to take a B-series line and put it into 
CIL, it would not be financially prudent. We have looked at it several times and I 
can assure you that the cost difference is significant. So that is the reason. On the 
higher end, our 60-liter engine was actually mostly for exports but the data center 
market has come up and in that you use 60-liter engines. So all these reasons, so 
certain new markets have come and again remember especially on the bigger 
engines we continue to relook and see that if the domestic demand goes up to a 
certain extent, we will relook at our manufacturing strategy within CIL. The 
other fundamental reason is LHP sales in general whether it is construction 
markets which use B-series all of those markets have exploded. So we are buying 
more on trading good but there is no change in our engine portfolio. In fact, 
almost every engine that we were making in the past which were mechanical, the 
electronic version of that 100% have come within CIL. So I want you to know 
that for the engine portfolio that CIL had for manufacturing and development 
remains there and in fact are being upgraded. So I hope I answered your 
questions Venkatesh. We will continue to look and see. 
Venkatesh: 
Just one aspect there is this clause [ph] charges to the parent entity. Is there a 
change in that in terms of commission, technical fees or royalty? Anything, has 
there been a change? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Yeah, so there is a small change there. What has happened is because we were 
pushing a lot of sales into Africa, the African ABO has taken -- asked us for a 
certain commission to support them to increase the market share in the continent. 
We have less than 1 or 2% share in the LHP gensets which we export to them. So 
they asked for support so they could intensify the effort because they did not 
have that resources there and we thought that we can still give them this 
commission and if we can increase our sales, the margins are so strong that it 
will overcompensate. So it is based on -- it is based on a proportion of sales 
increase. So it's just not -- you know, we just don't give a cheque just like that but 
we'll pay it on what we see as the salesman.  So actually if that commission goes 
up, it's actually good news for us because that means we are selling way more 
gensets which has a material margin of more than 40%. 
Venkatesh: 
Okay. Sir just one small additional question, last year the effective tax rate was 
29.9%. Will it remain around the same level or it is expected to go up? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
I'll let Rajiv take this question. I think he has played it last time too. 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
Rajiv Batra: 
A couple of things here Venkatesh. I think one is [indiscernible] for SEZ 
exemptions. So we were in the last few years -- one or two years of the SEZ 
benefits. First truncated to 50% and now that runs out. Plus as you are aware FX 
has gone up anyway. So I think between those two as well as the sunset on the 
R&D benefits that operates 1st April. So that's also gone away. So the only way 
the taxpayers can go with withdrawals of any incentives of any nature is 
upwards. So you should expect the tax rates to increase. 
Venkatesh: 
Okay. At what level should this be in the current year? Should be closer to 31-
32%? 
Rajiv Batra: 
Well I would say it could be in the early 30's. 
Venkatesh: 
Okay, okay. Thank you very much sir. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you Venkatesh. 
Moderator: 
Next we have Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capitals. Your line is unmuted. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Hi sir, just wanted to get a color on exports further. How the demand scenario is 
there panning out in US, China and European markets? Is it like -- so basically 
we are somewhere closer to the peak, past one-two quarters it has been weak. I 
mean is the pain starting or like it can even recover from the slow [indiscernible] 
just temporary? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
So thank you Ravi for your question. It's a very difficult question to answer very 
honestly and the reason is there is so much of flux, you know, we see certain 
trends in certain markets for two quarters and then that completely changes. So I 
really don't know how to answer this other than saying that we don't think there 
is recovery at least for the next two quarters. You see some slight recovery may 
not be, you know, in certain markets we might see some – I known in certain 
markets we had some inventory correction. I know in certain markets we have 
had some change in our ground level organizations. We ourselves now as 
Cummins India are now integrating a lot with the global sales team and our folks 
are kind of going and addressing product issues etc. to be able to increase our 
penetration in these markets. So we are saying we'll take a lift, in the past we 
were just a kind of fulfillment [indiscernible] organization but we have been way 
more proactive understanding if we can make certain product changes to make 
our share growth in those markets or understanding if there are pricing issues in 
certain markets, we can do something. So there's a lot more ownership that we 
are taking into our hands as Cummins India. So I hope all those at some stage 
start to help us grow penetration. Look the markets will go up and down, right. 
we can't control the market's position. What we can, what is within our hand is 
penetration of market share. So I think that's where our focus has now moved 
into and making sure that our fulfillment part which is cost, quality and delivery 
continue to be topnotch. So we are working a lot on our rings of defense to 
improve our cost structure as we see these markets unstable and maintain and 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
hold margins. So a lot of work is going into that area, lot on market share and I 
hope all these activities over next few quarters start to bear some results. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And in terms of the LHP demand for exports also, so I mean have we explored 
all the markets in terms of Middle East, Africa or are there further new 
geographies where we can try and expand it to or is it like we kind of slightly 
saturated at that front also? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
So unlike high horsepower, LHP, we are the only – CIL is the only entity which 
makes gensets for the entier world. So wherever Cummins is and wherever the 
small gensets go, it is a Cummins India manufactured gensets. And we operate in 
about 190 countries. So I don't know if there is any major geography that I am 
aware of that we have missed. Having said that, can we strengthen some of our 
footprint and I think that's what we are looking at and as I told you earlier we are 
taking more ownership of saying how can we strengthen some of the geographies 
which we believe could be weak. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay. All right. And one more question. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Okay thank you. Go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Hello. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Yeah, go ahead Ravi. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Yeah, sir is the engine sales related to CTIL also, is it also seeing similar 
slowdown or that is seeing growth? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Every venture of ours is – actually CIL is probably among the legal entities that I 
am responsible for. I would CIL is one of the best right now in terms of the 
results we are sharing with you. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. Got it. And finally bookkeeping. The power gen business breakup 
between LHP, MHP, HD and HHP if you can give that is for the domestic power 
gen business. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Yes, certainly, certainly. So LHP is about 45 crores, 110 crores is mid range, 25 
crores is heavy duty and 215 is high horsepower. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. Thanks sir. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you Ravi. 
Moderator: 
Next we have Renu Baid from IIFL. Your line is unmuted. 
Renu Baid: 
Yeah hi, good morning. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Hi Renu. 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
Renu Baid: 
Hi. Sir, just want to repeat the domestic PG sales fix. Somehow actually the 
numbers are tallying. LHP 45, mid-range 10, heavy duty 35 and 215 for HHP -- 
Sandeep Sinha: 
No, between 110 Renu, otherwise… 
Renu Baid: 
Yeah, yeah, I thought probably I missed some number, that's the reason why I 
just wanted to -- 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Luckily my sales team will miss that number, Renu, I'm just joking. 
Renu Baid: 
So the first question is, if you've seen the annual report as well as in the AGM, 
there was significant highlight on new product introductions. And then you 
mentioned that you want to introduce one product, almost new product every 
month. So, if you highlight what products are we talking about, which category, 
which range, which end markets? And eventually, with these new launches and 
different categories, what are the end objective in terms of revenue growth, 
penetration, entry into new markets? And how has been the market response for 
the new launches that we have in pipeline? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Very good question. And this is actually a shift for us from the past, where we 
have started to spend a lot of our energy into the segments that we play. So the 
way -- I hope sometime in the future we will actually give you by segments 
rather than by product ratings, because ratings actually don't mean much right, 
you can have a similar rating, in a construction site, you can have a similar rating 
in a, you know, a residential building. And so, really, those are two different 
product usages, right. One on a construction site will run, you know, 10 to 14 
hours a day. Residential will run 20 minutes a day as best. So, we are trying 
understand that, right. And so what we are trying to do is making sure that our 
products have the highest -- the most power is pulled out of our products. So we 
are bringing in new technologies with that. And so that's really hard -- when we 
shared with you last time, the stallion range, which we call internally, you know, 
they are all about making sure that similar engine and alternative combination 
gives us higher output. And so a lot of really good work has gone in, a lot of new 
technologies we have brought and even developed in-house here. So I'm really 
proud of that work. And we see that every time we have made a new launch, 
after the first two, three months, it's really caught on. So, an example is, the last 
one I could say is, we introduced Mechanical 19 for our 500kVA -- sorry 
600kVA node and it has done really well. So, now the PCO for the customers 
have come down, because we've move from electronic to a mechanical engine. 
While in the mechanical engine, we have kept all the benefits like fuel economy, 
et cetera, at the same level as that of electronics. So, I think that is one example 
that's in the power gen. The second is, in the rail market we have moved into 
what I call underslung engine. So we are trying to now give engines where you 
put it below the carriage what it on top of the carriage and which really opens up 
space for commercial purposes for the Indian Railways. This is a very difficult 
technology to copy and we've been doing this with Bombardier and Japan Rail et 
cetera, for many years. So we have that. We have obviously localized it. And I 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
think we have a great future in those. We are also looking at you know, new 
markets, where we are giving just not the engine, but the entire system. So for 
example, in fishing trawler, we are not the selling engines, now we are selling an 
entire engine along with the propeller shaft and the controls. So we are trying to 
make the biggest system level. So these are, you know, again -- we are not 
waiting for emissions changes, which we -- which is what we would do to 
introduce new products we are moving ahead. The other is we are starting to 
prepare big time for CPCB-4+, which is going to be the highest emission 
standards for power gen anywhere in the world. Okay? Nowhere in the world 
would you have such stringent standards. Now, what it does though, is of course, 
we feel very comfortable because, if you know we have our own components 
group, and which will help CIL build these new technologies with a lot of 
experience, that is one. So we don't depend on others to come in and help us 
upgrade our engines to the emission standards. Second, because it will be the 
highest commission standard, it will give us significant export opportunities, 
which we don't have today. So it will further our export opportunities for CIL. So 
for CIL, CPCB-4 is actually a very, very good thing for the future. Not today, not 
tomorrow, but for the future, it will continue to add those areas of strength for 
company. I hope I was able to answer your question, Renu? 
Renu Baid: 
Yeah, sir. That was pretty detail. So in the near-term, at least the way we have 
seen gross margin being weak, so that should definitely see about 100 to 200 
basis point of correction, or I would say improvement in the subsequent quarters, 
that will have new product launches coming and the ForEx and some of those 
benefits might not be recurring in the subsequent quarters per se? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Correct, correct. So you're right. We feel very comfortable. I feel very 
comfortable to say it will be more than 2%. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. Second question, sir, would be on QSK19 where -- there was some new 
introductions in India for global savings. So what has been the progress there 
we're probably -- is now it's being done in CIL entities itself and does that open 
CIL's door as being the global hub for this platform? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
That is -- well, so two things. This -- we had a K19 facility in CIK. We have 
upgraded for India, requirements for especially mining markets, et cetera. And 
globally, there we have another operation, where this was being made for many, 
many years. We are trying to see anything possible where CIL can support. So if 
they have a block shortage, for example, CIL got the benefit of supporting that 
plant in the U.S. with our blocks. And so anytime there is any opportunity, we 
are working on making sure that the way we do it is very clear. You reduce your 
cost to that extent and your quality is proven to that extent that you are ready to 
take care of any opportunity that will come your way. And I feel our Q19 
products, both from a cost and quality perspective, is now the global benchmark. 
Now, what also happened was for QSK19, which was -- I was explaining on the 
600kVA note we used to use this, but now we are using our mechanical version 
of [indiscernible] to reach that note. So while we -- for certain customers, we still 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
give that, but most customers prefer the mechanical 19. Again, it's on the same 
line. So it doesn't matter. Revenues are, you know, still intact, actually our 
margins improve when we sell k19 instead of a Q19 for 600kVA note. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. And sir, now that we're also seeing a lot of as in tightening and greed 
intensity of the trade disputes between U.S., China, do you think in the medium 
long term, we could see some influence components, pairs and other product 
platforms moving to India? Does that make long term beneficial, specialist the 
listed entity? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Yes. The answer is, yes. So in one way, again, I give this example yesterday, one 
of our CIL subsidiaries, which is CGT, Cummins Generator Technology, has 
benefited quite a lot, because of this move from China to India. So there were 
quite a big portfolio of products being made for China -- from -- in China, which 
have already moved to CGT India. We are studying very closely what are the 
other opportunities for the listed entity. And I do think that there will be some 
opportunities that will continue to come. It's not unlike, you know, many other 
industries. This has a lot of interest in supply chain, long term agreements with 
supplier base et cetera. So to move it from one geography to the other overnight 
is not possible, but yes. I think in the long-term, there certainly will be a positive 
shift with this trade relationship going the way it is between China and U.S. 
Renu Baid: 
Right. And one last question if I may ask. Are you overall commenced in the 
press release in the near-term look pretty challenging, especially from a domestic 
market and great environment. So does that challenge, especially with respect to 
the domestic power gen business to reality, where we have reasonably large 
exposure, so does that concern you? Or do you think it's just a transitory impact 
for a couple of quarters?  
Sandeep Sinha: 
Well, I hope it is, for a couple of quarters. I've been more optimistic than others. 
So maybe my optimism is also wearing down a bit. But you know, when you 
think about all the things that are happening in the -- in India right now, right, 
this country needs a lot of infrastructure growth. And that money has been 
committed by the government. I think the execution capabilities of the governor 
on infrastructure projects have improved drastically in the last five years. And 
we hope this next five years, it continues to increase. So that will give us 
continued opportunity. I do think that's the real state, we are kind of hitting the 
bottom run. I think there is only upsides as the middle class continues to, you 
know, increase the base increases and more housing will be required in this 
country. I do think that I would say, I was reading about the monsoons. I think 
that has changed. I feel that we are now close to normal monsoon as against, you 
know, below par monsoon. So all of that put together, I do feel that -- and, of 
course, the recovery of -- from the liquidity crunch that we see in the financial 
markets, I'm sure that -- I know that the government is trying to do everything. 
It's not showing up. It's not hitting the streets right now. But it should in the next 
couple of days quarters. So I am still optimistic. Although I must say I'm a little 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
less optimistic than I was in the past, but on timing, not on the fundamentals of 
this economy. The fundamentals are very strong -- 
Renu Baid: 
Thank you so much, sir, and all the best. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you. Thank you, Renu. 
Moderator: 
Next we have Inderjeet Bhatia from Macquarie. Your line is unmuted. 
Inderjeet Bhatia: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on, you mentioned some of 
the expenses like, expenditure on CPCB and some consulting. Would you be 
able to quantify these numbers and how long the CPCB investment would 
continue? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Well, I won't be able to quantify it right down, but I -- certain thing we can share 
it in the later stage. I do want to say, however, that the CPCB investments are 
just going -- just about starting. So you know, it's not a big impact right now. But 
the answer is, yes, we will have to invest, because these are very -- as I told you, 
these are very big technology upgrades. So I do see that as a good investment. 
Inderjeet Bhatia: 
Within exports would you be able to provide some color as to which part, which 
LHP, or heavy duty or HHP, which is the highest margin business for us? Is it 
safe to assume that HHP is the best margin business? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
I mean, I think that would be a safe assumption. 
Inderjeet Bhatia: 
Okay. Lastly, if now exports account for almost 25% of our revenues. Is it a safe 
assumption that with this proportion remains and sustainable margins for us is 
now more EBITDA margins is more like 13%, including other operating income, 
or even that's too ambitious? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
No, look, there are two things. One is, certainly, when you'll proportion of 
domestic business, because of the way the Indian economy is growing and our 
market share is growing in the domestic market, I do feel that our share -- this is 
probably where the split between domestic and export will remain, maybe some 
small shift. We are putting a lot of effort to increase our domestic margins. 
Right. As I told you with all those product works that we are doing, all the cost 
reduction works we're doing, all of that is focused to make sure our domestic 
margin starts to improve. But you know, how much of that shares will change, 
what will happen with the commodities et cetera. But I would say, what you're 
saying kind of right, you should expect this as a new order. 
Inderjeet Bhatia: 
Thank you, sir. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next we have Abhishek Puri from Axis Capital. Your line is unmuted. 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
Abhishek Puri: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just two things. One, could you elaborate the 
previous, you know, new product launches that you have done so mechanical and 
underslung, you know, underslung railway engines. Has that helped you grow 
your market share and the margins do not seem to improve over the last two 
years, despite, you know, new products coming in. And similarly, the new 
products that you were excited about in terms of new range that we are 
launching, starting rate and all. Would that help grow our market share again, or 
would it be you know targeted towards you know bettering the margins? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Both, Abhishek, that's the answer. It is meant for both. In some cases, clearly 
new markets. In some cases, creating new markets, like, we underslung there is 
no market, there was nobody else supplying underslung. But we are creating a 
new market in terms of the new product. In certain cases, like the upgrade lot of 
us focused on margins, because you could use a mechanical engine for that. And 
with margin improvement, you also get flexibility to get pricing in a way that 
will fit into the share, right. With new product development, you create a lot of 
benefits for the customer, and therefore, your market share grows. Our 
investments are in connected solutions, for example. So today, we have about 
1,400 gensets now running where we have live data coming in. And we are able 
to make -- do a lot for the customers in proactive service and proactive 
requirement understanding than we have in the past. So all of this is aimed at two 
things. We certainly want to be more profitable, and we certainly, as we have 
done in the past, continue to gain market share. 
Abhishek Puri: 
And just a clarification on the GST part. The U.S. addressed duties on some of 
the engines, which were imported from India or as other by about 10%. Does that 
impact us by any chance? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
No, very small, very small impact. 
Abhishek Puri: 
So one third of our sales goes to North American market. So I mean, could you 
quantify, will it be -- had the margins been impacted because of that, or -- 
Sandeep Sinha: 
No, one third does not go, it's a much smaller portion than one third actually. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Okay. And lastly, this ForEx, you know, impact that you mentioned in the raw 
material to sales of almost 1%. Is that really repeatable? Or is it a non-recurring 
FX impact? Or, you know, if you can provide some details on that. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
I think I have heard Rajiv said, but Rajiv if you don't mind for Abhishek's 
benefit, if you could talk about the color. 
Rajiv Batra: 
Yeah. See, it depends on where the currency is. Now, at the start of the -- you 
said that at a rate plus minus 3% remains with the legal entity, beyond that is 
sharing. So last year as we set it for the most part, the legal entity benefited. This 
year we are at where we fit it. And therefore, the positivity we had from 
exchange last year is not with us this year. It's not that we're losing all the 
exchange, it's the fact that the extra benefit we got last year is not with us. So 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
hopefully that kind of explains that. But so, this year therefore, we're at target 
margins. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Okay, that's helpful. Thanks a lot. And all the very best. 
Rajiv Batra: 
Thank you. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next we have Renjith Sivaram from ICICI Securities. Your line is unmuted. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Hi, sir. Just one small clarification like, last call we had mentioned regarding 
some price hikes. So we were expecting a gross margin on material costs to 
come down, because of this price hike. So if you can through some color on the 
transmission of the price hike for what kind of price hikes we have taken or what 
we are planning to? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
So first of all, we have not taken back any price hikes. We feel good about the 
way we've handled the price increase and made sure there's no shed impact that I 
would say that as the results come out for last quarter, we should be fairly good 
place with market share. And it's positively helped us by around 0.5% in our 
margins. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So what -- have we taken it? What percentage of price hikes you'd have taken, if 
you can give some quantification to that? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
About 2% to 3%. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. And that has been taken last quarter? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Yes. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. And sir, this export also, if you can get some more color in terms of the 
geographies? A couple of geographies which we majorly are into for this 
quarter? And what's your outlook there in terms of the geographies? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
I'm just thinking which geography should I start with versus all of them 
[indiscernible]. I think Middle East is lower by about 30-40% as against last year 
at 50 crores. Africa -- Continent of Africa is about the same number. Rest of 
Asia is about the same number. So again, same numbers and also same -- similar 
drops. So I would say, what was holding on before was a little bit of South 
America but that too looks in not a great shape anymore. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So if we understand Middle East has been one of the major disappointment in 
terms of this 26% drop in -- 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Middle East, I would say Middle East and, you know, the Rest of Asia, if you 
take China out. Those are big two -- big ones that we have seen. 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And looking at your reduction guidance, it seems that these geographies will 
continue to remain muted for at least for the couple of quarters ahead? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Yes, that's what I said earlier. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Thanks. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next we have Venugopal from Bernstein. Your line is unmuted. 
Venugopal: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just for growing up on this pricing part, 
given that the near-term outlook for the market is not that strong, and especially 
given that macro itself tends to be even further moderating, especially, you 
know, even in July. So, I mean, are you incrementally seeing any pressure from 
competition in terms of intensity of pricing? Mostly because, you know, we tend 
to always have some premium to competition in terms of prices. So you said gap 
tending to narrow or this is more an incremental poster quarter sort of an event? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
I think it's incremental. I think -- I would say, there's no company that has been 
not impacted by commodity inflation et cetera, though, over the last year. So 
while there will always be pressure in this company, this is highly competitive. I 
think the market is -- I would say the market environment is stable. 
Venugopal: 
Okay. The second thing is more clarification on this commission thing that you 
had mentioned in an earlier question on, especially this Africa, you know, 
business where you're actually selling to the dealers there. So I actually couldn't 
understand, is it like a one-time payment done, where -- which you'll monetize 
eventually over a period of time? Or is it more linked to sales? Because it's 
linked to the sales and it shouldn't really have impacted you in any ways in this 
quarter, right? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Yeah. So what has happened was, when they brought it up, we're kind of not -- 
we were still talking to them about how this will work. So this is a two-year old 
issue. But eventually, we kind of reached a point where we said yes, this is a fair 
number to compensate them for the work that their teams are doing to help grow 
this market. Because otherwise, you know, since this team was completely 
dedicated to the exports of CIL, and they had no funding to be able to do it on 
their own. And rather than giving margin reduction, we thought it would be 
better to give this commission. And so you know, it will be recurring. But 
hopefully, it doesn't -- the increase in sales helps the negate, certainly negate and 
actually gain a margin impact for us. 
Venugopal: 
Okay. Lastly, the CPCB thing since, you know, is another topic, which is under 
discussion. I don't know whether you would want to share. I mean, in terms of 
quantum of investment, is it like very large, and more so compared to the 
previous CPCB change. Is that incrementally a very big change in terms of the 
investment that needs to be done? I also want to touch upon this topic, because 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
last time around when the CPCB changes were done, I was pretty much, you 
know, observing and tracking that at that point of time. Ahead of the event, 
primarily, the thought process was that it's a very tough one even then, and then 
the fact that competition could actually lose share, because you know, it's a 
difficult thing to implement et cetera. But thereafter, things were that post the 
event, actually, we had to increase prices 15% and competition actually didn't 
increase much. So there were some concerns around you know, your own 
volumes. Now, the reason I'm touching upon this topic is because, this time 
around when you approach, because the starting point of your R&D on the next 
CPCB version, how different are you tackling this, so that you end up being 
competitive too in terms of pricing? 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Venugopal, all your concerns are valid. I don't think we can ever underestimate 
and say why our competitors cannot do what they can do. I mean, they have also 
got access to technology. There are many partners that they can work with. So I 
don't think in any ways would I undermine their capabilities. I think we are all 
very capable competitors. I do think that we are unique in that matter, because -- 
so let me help you understand. CPCB-1 to CPCB-2, was if you think about on a 
scale, from one we move to three on a scale of 10. And from three we're going to 
move to 10 on CPCB-4. We are skipping many generations. It's like in the 
automotive world if you follow you know BS-3 to BS-4 was a step increase, 
because it moved everyone to electronic engine. And then BS-6 has been a even 
more complex. I would say, in this new environment, it will be -- it is going to 
see a kind of shift between BS-4 to BS-6. There is the same, I'm just giving an 
analogy over there. So I can actually tell you the reduction in NOx and PM, etc. 
were about 30% to 40% between CPCP-1 to CPCB-2, is now at -- going to be 
90% In [indiscernible] reduction, you know, between CPCB-2 and CPCB-4, 
which actually takes the genset almost to zero emissions. So, it becomes very 
difficult, you will have to use after treatments and you will have to mostly use, 
mostly use electronic engines for the larger nodes. So there will be an increase. 
Now having said that, are we going to take and put a solution, which is high 
costs, we will try to make sure we are one of the lowest cost products now. 
That's all I can comment in terms of that. We are still doing a lot of studies on 
what kind of product architecture we need. We have all the right people now. 
And certainly as you said, you learn your lessons from the past. And you know, 
we can always say we made a mistake in our architecture. Because why we went 
from CPCB-1 to CPCB-2, because the CPCB-3 would come sooner, so we 
thought why not make the change and keep it to a higher base foundation of 
architecture. But that didn't happen. So you know, it was supposed to, but it did 
not happen at that point of time. Maybe we were a little ahead of in our thinking 
as to how fast the government would react to better quality. So I think now that 
anyways, it is going to be the highest standard. So we'll meet that. 
Venugopal: 
Thanks a lot, sir. 

                        Cummins India Ltd. Analyst Call with 
                                    Analyst Call for Cummins India Ltd. Quarter 1 2019-20 
                                                                August 8th, 2019 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you. Alright, with that, I want to thank everyone for taking this call and 
maybe Yashwant, if you could -- we have a Yashwant join us, so if Yashwant 
you could just say hello to all our friends there and -- 
Yashwant: 
Hi, I am Yashwant, I'm glad to interact with you for the first time. I'm -- I've 
been with Cummins for long time and I'm very confident and optimistic about 
the long-term future and I look forward to interact with you more to provide the 
clarity. Thank you. 
Sandeep Sinha: 
Thank you, everyone, and have a great day. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir, for addressing the session. Thank you participants for joining in. 
That does conclude our conference call for today. You may all disconnect now. 
Thank you and have a pleasant day ahead. 
