Date: 29th August, 201 9 
To, 
The Manager 
Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy T ewers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 00 1. 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
The Manager 
Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 . 
Re: 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited. Script Code & 10: 534369/ TBZ 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors I Analysts on 
Friday, 161h August, 2019 at 4.30 p.m. (1ST). A copy of transcript of conference call 
held with the Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also been 
put up on the Company's Website at www.tbztheoriginal.com. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
~ 
Niraj Oza 
Head- Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
CIN No , L27205MH200/PLC 172098 
Regu. Offtce 241/43. Zaven Bazar. Mumbat· 400002 Tel: +91 22 3956 5001,91 22 40465001 Fax r91 22.3956 5056 
11 1r Floor West Wing. Tulstant Chambers. Free Press Journal Rood. Nanmar Potnt. Mumbat 400 021 Tel 
~22 307 35000, 91 22.49255000 
Fax· 022 ~0735088 www.tbztheongtnal com 

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited  
Q1 FY 2020 Earnings Conference Call  
August 14, 2019 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Chris, the moderator for this conference. Welcome 
to Q1 FY 2020 Earnings Conference Call of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited organised by 
Dickenson Seagull IR. At this moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode. Later we will 
conduct a question-and-answer session at that time if you wish to ask a question, please press 
‘*’ and then ‘1’ on your telephone keypad. Please note this conference is recorded.  
I would now like to hand the floor over to Mr. Chintan Mehta. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Chintan Mehta: 
Good evening, everyone. Let me welcome you all to the Earnings Call of TBZ Limited for the 
First Quarter FY 2019 - 2020. Today, we have with us management represented by Ms. Binaisha 
Zaveri -- Wholetime Director; and Mr. Saurav Banerjee -- CFO.  
Before we get started, I would like to remind you that our remarks today might include 
forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those by these 
forward-looking statements. Any statements we make on this call today are based on our 
assumptions as of day and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result 
of new information or future events.  
I would now invite Ms. Binaisha to make her opening remarks. Thank you.  
Binaisha Zaveri: 
I welcome you all to the earnings call of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited for the First Quarter 
of 2019 - 2020. The new financial year has begun on a positive note. Higher revenue growth 
along with strict control on operating expenses helps us generate improved margins and 
profitability.  
Our constant focus on offering innovative jewellery designs and marketing initiatives helped us 
drive higher walk-in, coupled with a healthy conversion rate, resulting in higher sales during 
the quarter.  
Revenue growth on a stable cost base generated positive operating leverage and led to overall 
improvements in margin and profitability. While consumer sentiments were encouraging 
particularly during the two major festivals in the quarter. We believe that the persistent 
activation efforts will lead to improve sales.  

 
Page 2 of 9 
We are confident on delivering an improved financial performance during the current financial 
year. Our major focus areas are healthier margins while keep our operating expenses under 
control. With our continued efforts to strengthen the TBZ brand recall and presence we have 
been judicially and consistently investing in marketing activities and introducing unique 
jewellery collections for our customers.  
Recently we have launched new gold and diamond collection ranges at affordable entry level 
prices targeted towards the younger audience. They are Noor, Trinity and Jiva  
Our country is gradually progressing towards the US$5 trillion economy by 2024. That will 
sustain the maximum growth in discretionary consumption spends including in the jewellery 
business.  
Stricter instrumentation of rules, regulations and GST and hallmarking will go a long way in 
improving the organised sector sales in the years to come. There is already a visible consumer 
shift towards trusted brands with a rich legacy and in favour of the organised sector, which will 
ensure better growth trends in future too.  
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Saurav Banerjee for a quick overview of 
our financial performance during the quarter.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Good evening, everybody. I am Saurav Banerjee, I shall take you through the key highlights of 
quarter one FY 2019 - FY 2020 vis-à-vis Q1 FY 2018 - FY 2019.  
Total income from operations ₹429.77 crores vis-à-vis ₹410.93 crores Y-o-Y improvement of 
4.58%. Gross profit in absolute terms ₹65.91 crores vis-à-vis ₹61.21 crores, Y-o-Y growth of 
7.67%. Gross margin percent 15.34% for the current quarter vis-à-vis the previous Q1 14.90%. 
EBITDA in absolute terms ₹25.7 crores vis-à-vis ₹13.87 crores, an improvement of 85.21%. 
EBITDA margins 5.98% vis-à-vis 3.38%. PBT in absolute terms ₹4.97 crores vis-à-vis ₹2.04 
crores. PBT margin 1.16% vis-à-vis 0.5%. PAT ₹3.09 crores vis-à-vis ₹1.31 crores. PAT margin 
0.72% vis-à-vis 0.32%.  
We can now begin the Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the Question-and-Answer 
Session. Our first question is from Prashant. Please go ahead. 
Prashant: 
We have two factories in this quarter, right? That is what you mentioned. And the other thing 
is, in March 2018 we had a 37 retail outlets and retail square feet is 1.10 lakh per sq. In March 
2019 we have 41 retail outlet, square feet is 1.206, almost 10% of increase in our retail outlet 
plus retail square foot. Now, if we see the increase in the turnover is negligible. It is 5%. It is 
not a big one, even though had two festivals falling into this season. So is there any reason for 

 
Page 3 of 9 
that, it is 1.2% year-on-year and the store wise growth of 4.97% is just negligible with two 
factories also and 10% of our retail expansion.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, understood your question, let me explain. When we open new stores, there is opening of 
the new store and the inventory, the expenses begin from day one, but the resultant top tier 
performance in terms of top-line take time. Because the store has to settle down and there is 
a gestation period before which the stores start performing to its desired level. So, that is why  
you will always see that whenever there is a new store addition or when we are adding square 
feet in terms of store space, it takes some kind of gestation period, minimum of about 8 months 
to 10 months for the cash breakeven to happen. And in terms of the store maturity it takes a 
much longer time, about 2.5 years to 3 years. That is why the growth is not commensurate with 
the opening of the stores in terms of timing. For example, we have opened 5 new stores in the 
previous financial years, some of which were open towards the fag end of the financial year. 
So, naturally, those stores will take a little bit of time to settle down in a new environment in 
new market in terms of new customer base in that particular city. And once that settling down 
effect is over then we shall find higher contribution from those stores in terms of turnover, in 
terms of profitability and then the justification will be more balanced in terms of the store 
addition for square feet and the store addition in terms of the top-line. So, that is generally the 
reason we need you to know probably give a little more time to these stores. Most of these 
stores except in Pune are new market for us and generally, it is seen that it takes, as I said, 
minimum of 8 months to 10 months for the stores to start performing at a satisfactory level, if 
not at a peak level.  
Prashant: 
All right. Then we have 27 stores in FY 2014, and  we have currently 41 stores, increased almost 
by 14 stores. I am talking about 2014, 27 stores, right. Our turnover remains the same, what is 
the explanation for that? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, we have explained in the past, there have been certain challenges, which the company has 
faced in terms of regulatory challenges. And also, we have taken several steps in recent times, 
in the last 1 year - 1.5 years, in terms of inventory rationalisation, in terms of upgrading our  
automation efforts, in terms of controlling our operating costs plus the store additions, which 
have already happened in virgin markets for TBZ. Most of the cities that we have entered into 
have been first time source for TBZ. And while yes, your observation is correct, we have also 
explained that the corrective action and the measures have been already taken in terms of 
internal efficiencies and sprucing up the front-line sales incentive scheme. In terms of the ERP 
and the automation, which has brought about savings in cost as well as turnaround time, all 
these things have happened, in terms of inventory rationalisation. So, we are expecting that in 
the near future, that growth will be at a faster rate than what it has been in the past and we 
shall be able to post better same store sales growth, which will be visible as we move along in 
this current financial year.  

 
Page 4 of 9 
Prashant: 
And what kind of gross margin we can expect? Like 15.3% for Q1 FY 2020? Last year, the same 
thing has happened, we have uptick in quarter one and then it has gone down to 14.1 by the 
end of the year. What kind of improvement in gross margin, we can see going ahead? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Certainly, we shall be able to post improved gross margins. Currently we have been able to 
bring about some kind of improvement from 14.9% for Q1 last year to 15.3%. So, while you 
mentioned about Q1 and then the margins tapering off, but when we compare on Y-o-Y basis, 
there is clear improvement. We are consistently working towards improving the margins 
further, it shall improve by dint of the product mix, which is always being a focused area for us 
between gold and diamond for example, and also I would say a more profitable kind of 
registering our revenues and we shall be able to demonstrate to you improved gross margin 
from here onwards.  
Prashant: 
How much gold we have sold in this quarter?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
I will not be able to share the exact details about how much we have sold. But we have seen a 
growth in terms of both volume and value as far as gold sales are concerned, top-line is 
concerned.  
Prashant: 
Because I think net realisation is almost 5% more than last year right? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes. We have seen a higher percentage of gold getting sold both in terms of volume as well as 
value and we saw the sale of diamond as well.  
Prashant: 
Volume percentage?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Volume percentages is approximately around 6% to 7%.  
Prashant: 
So, last year the gold price was more than this quarter?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
The gold prices have started going up from June. In April and May, they were fairly stable. 
However, from June onwards the gold prices have gone up and it continues to go up or remain 
at a very high level, which we have seen in the entire month of July, and even now in August. 
The impact of gold prices on value is only in the month of June, not entire June but part of the 
June. A small part of the Q1 would have seen an impact of gold prices, the impact will be greater 
in Q2. But now since we are discussing Q1, I think the price impact is marginal and not 
substantial.  
Prashant: 
And what about interest cost, can we see any downward movement in the quarter or it is going 
to be remain the same range of ₹12-14 crores?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Sorry, I could not catch which cost are you talking about?  

 
Page 5 of 9 
Prashant: 
Interest cost, finance costs?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Interest cost, yes. Interest cost has gone up marginally from ₹10.6 to about ₹11.2, it will remain 
at these levels. There was a higher utilisation of limits earlier because of the addition of new 
stores and the inventory that has been allocated to those stores. But as we move along, the 
inventory turns will take care of the lower utilisation of limit to a certain extent. And we are 
expecting that with Reserve Bank of India passing on certain benefits in terms of lighter interest 
rates, we should also be able to bring out those benefits in our financials and report a lower 
interest cost on an overall basis.  
Prashant: 
And this advertisement cost, it is down from 3.6% - 2.9%, what kind of increase you can expect, 
3.5%?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, advertising cost is mostly a strategic function. So last year, in Q1, there were certain 
strategic measures that were adopted by the Company and hence, the advertising spends were 
deliberately put on the higher side to take care of those strategic advantages. However, in this 
quarter we have had normal advertising spends, which we generally have. And hence, on a Y-
o-Y basis, the advertising expenses have been brought down and rightly so. On an average, of 
course, as we all know that if you take a long -term average than the average advertising costs 
are around 2.5% or so of the top-line.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Zain Iqbal of Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead.    
Zain Iqbal: 
I just want to know your inventory turn and blended inventory turns under gold and what is 
the long-term outlook on inventory turn?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Blended inventory turns currently will be around 1.7 to 1.8 times. In terms of gold inventory 
turn it will be in the range of 2.5 to 3 and for diamond it will be around 1. The effort of the 
company is to improve upon these turns and in terms of blended go beyond two times. In terms 
of gold, specifically, if you ask me on an average of 3 plus and diamond around 1.2 - 1.25, that 
is the endeavour of the company and we should be able to achieve it. I would say medium to 
long-term range may not be possible in the very next quarter. But by the year end, we should 
be able to do that.  
Zain Iqbal: 
Okay, sir. My second question is on your new designs and collections. Specifically talking about 
Jeeva and new launches. So how is the response?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Well, we have seen very encouraging response of the new launches that have been made in 
terms of design. Primarily because it has been focusing on the younger audience, the 
uninitiated customers who have not yet had an experience of the TBZ brand of jewellery, it has 
also been priced accordingly, it is easy on the pocket, it has been priced lower and I would say 
in a very affordable manner. And hence, we have already seen some kind of traction, which is 

 
Page 6 of 9 
very encouraging. The launches have been well received both in terms of design differentiation 
and also, in terms of the attractive price range, we are expecting that they will gain in 
popularity, and the word will spread, and the collection ranges will be a success in the longer-
term. In the coming future also in the next few months, we shall continue to launch newer 
collections. So that we can cater to the younger audience, people who would like to probably 
try out the TBZ brand for the first time. And for those who have been loyal to the company and 
have been coming back to the stores often.  
Zain Iqbal: 
Okay. So, if I may ask, sir, what is the average ticket size under the brand Noor, for example, 
what is the average ticket size of the jewellery?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
The average ticket size will be probably in the range of maybe ₹30,000 to ₹50,000 kind of range, 
depending on the intricacy of the design. It is difficult to pinpoint. But as I said a range can be 
from ₹30,000 to ₹50,000. There are other collections, which have been introduced, like Pretty 
Little Things, which are priced a little bit lower and are in the range of about ₹10,000 to 
₹20,000. So, we have that kind of price range, as I said just now ₹30,000 to ₹50,000 and then 
we move right up to the higher levels beyond ₹5 lakhs. So what TBZ has been able to do is to 
offer the entire range of products to suit every walk of life, every pocket, every generation, 
whether the young or the middle aged or the old, whoever may be our customer. And that's 
what has been our forte in the recent past.  
Zain Iqbal: 
And how are we going about positioning these new brands, are you targeting malls or via 
franchise? What is your strategy on these new launches?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, it is an all-round kind of strategy. So, earlier we have opened mall stores, which completely 
catered to the low-ticket diamond jewellery, something that one can just walk in and make an 
impulsive purchase, probably swipe a card and take something attractive away for their use. 
So, the malls or their franchisee stores we have, introduced all these products in the A and the 
B class of cities, where there is an aspirational value for the TBZ brand. And these products 
have been doing well there. So, every store that you visit, you will find all these collections, 
which are being displayed and sold consistently.  
Zain Iqbal: 
Okay. Sir one last question on franchisee expansion. Sir, what is your target for FY 2020 and FY 
2021?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
In terms of store addition? Are you asking in terms of store addition?  
Zain Iqbal: 
Yes, sir.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
For franchisee stores, yes. So, it is something is in the pipeline, we have identified three or four 
cities where we think franchisee arrangements will work well. We are in discussions with 
couple of these potential partners and we expect that during the course of this financial year, 

 
Page 7 of 9 
we should be able to close the conversation and open two or three stores, which will be a 
franchisee stores. So, the cities have been identified. And discussions are ongoing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. The next question is from Ashish Kanodia of Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead.                 
Ashish Kanodia: 
So, sir you talked about increasing gold prices during June? So, is it possible to quantify what 
kind of impact you noticed? Was there any decline during June?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Well, we have not seen a decline in volumes, if you are asking that. In terms of the level of the 
sales, we have not seen any significant or any decline on an overall basis. In terms of pricing 
impact, probably a percentage impact would have been there on the value. So the first quarter 
has not been very significantly impacted by gold prices. Obviously there will be customers who 
will probably wait and watch to figure out what is happening on the prices. But on an overall 
basis, we have managed the expectations and will come out with the strategic offerings to the 
customer and thereby, ensure that walk-ins have been at a healthy level of conversion. And 
finally resulting into decent number of sales.  
Ashish Kanodia:  
Okay, that is great. So sir, even during July and in mid of August, the prices of gold have 
remained elevated, what is your feedback? I mean, do you see the footfalls and the volumes 
increasing? Or have you seen some sort of a slowdown because of increased gold prices?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Not really. Again, you know, if it is something to do with the strategies that a company adopts, 
when you deal with a volatile metal like gold, one should expect that the prices will sometimes 
rise and sometimes fall. I agree that, on this occasion, the prices have risen very rapidly because 
of various international reasons that we are aware of and they have stayed at a very high level. 
But nevertheless, if somebody is in the jewellery retail industry, then we should be always 
geared up. And that is what TBZ has demonstrated through a good marketing strategy. We 
have been able to continuously drive footfalls into the stores, the sales have been encouraging, 
not only in the first quarter, but so far in the second quarter as well. And we expect that trend 
to continue. Unless of course the gold prices just go through the roof and are something, which 
is totally unmanageable. Currently, we are given to understand that the prices continue to be 
high or may even rise a little bit more. We are geared up for that. And the stores are performing 
for the past about two months now with higher gold prices. And we have been able to 
demonstrate some kind of good traction.  
Ashish Kanodia:   
Right, that is really helpful, sir. And just last question, what is the revenue mix broadly in terms 
of diamond jewellery and gold jewellery, if you can just help me with that sir?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Sure. For Q1, you know, we have shared the data, I think the number is close to around 76:24. 
On an average that is the range that we have, sometimes 75:25. Ideally, our endeavour is to 
have a mix of approximately 73:27, which will give us much better blended GP because as we 

 
Page 8 of 9 
all know that the diamond GPs are almost three times higher than gold. That is the aim for the 
company to be at 73:27. But as of now currently, I think we are at 76:24.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. The next question is from Krishnan, an Individual investor.                           
Krishnan: 
Sir, basically, we have ₹1,200 crores inventory and we have a borrowing of around ₹600 crores 
and I think our PBT is around ₹4.96 crores but whereas we are paying finance cost of around 
₹14 crores per quarter. So, as an investor we are not seeing much fruits. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, Let me quickly explain to you the interest cost particularly for this quarter. You probably 
have seen our presentation. If not, then let me just quickly update you that there is a new 
accounting standard, which is called IndAS 116, which has been introduced from this quarter 
and is applicable to all the companies and so it is to us. And hence, one of the impacts of this 
IndAS 116 is on interest costs, because the rent expenses that are normally taken as a part of 
the operating costs and which impacts the EBITDA has been redistributed in a sense to 
depreciation and interest expense. And part of the interest expense increase that you find 
there, which you just mentioned about in a layman’s language, it is just a rearrangement of 
expenses, which are governed by this IndAS 16 the actual increment of interest costs for this 
quarter is about just ₹40 lakhs or ₹50 lakhs and not more than that. And as I explained that,   
because of the higher utilisation of limits for a slightly longer period of time, we expect that 
once the stores start performing more equitably, the new stores, there will be a higher 
inventory turn, which I just talked about, in my last conversation with another gentleman. And 
once that happens, the limit utilisation to a certain extent will come down, there will be a better 
cash generation in the system. And we should be able to control the interest costs, too. The 
previous levels are maybe a little bit lower. We also know that Reserve Bank now has a fairer 
outlook in terms of reducing interest costs. And we expect that , a little more work will be done 
by them and benefits shall we passed on to the customers to the bank, that will also help us 
reduce the overall borrowing cost.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Vora of BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.     
Kunal Vora: 
There are some news reports that indicate that physical gold in India is trading at a discount to 
import parity price. Does it impact your business anyway? Is there any opportunity to buy gold 
cheaper? If you just explain like how this works?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes, I will, just briefly touch upon I would not be able to really explain the market dynamics in 
that way. But yes, we are also given to understand we have also observed that, you know at 
times the price that is available on the open market, let us say if we were to buy outright, is 
relatively lower than let us say the bank price because of whatever reasons. But one must 
remember that while it is possible to buy gold outright from the market, it is a cash flow kind 
of situation where you know you have to go cash out immediately. And number two is that 
when you buy gold outright, the price risk is on the buyer, because you have that inventory in 

 
Page 9 of 9 
your books, whereas, when we do a gold metal loan, which is the preferred way of 
procurement of gold, then the price risk is not being taken by the customer in this case us. So, 
we are naturally hedged. And also, as we know that since it is a gold on loan kind of a product. 
So, the average number of days that are available to us to settle the payment is around 150 
days. But one can go technically up to 180 days. So, what I mean to it is instantly attractive to 
look at the so called market price advantages and by outright maybe in the longer run, it makes 
greater sense to continue to rely or to patronise the gold on loan mechanism that is infinitely 
more consistent and better mechanism of procurement of gold, which we have seen over 
several years now.  
Kunal Vora:  
Sure. And does it make more sense to encourage gold exchange in that case at least from a 
customer perspective, if the physical gold is trading at a discount maybe companies buying like 
say, would you encourage exchange in this situation and liquid and how large is exchange for 
you?  
Saurav Banerjee: 
Well practically, you know, there is no need to encourage because we have seen that as a 
natural phenomenon, whenever prices of gold start going up. The old gold or the exchange that 
you are talking about that percentage starts going up as well. It is a market trend, which 
happens all the time, which is happening currently and, in the past, also. On an average, our 
old-gold percentage is approximately around 30%. But in recent times, we have seen it has 
sometimes gone over 40% as well. So, the adjustment has to be made internally between the 
gold that comes in from old gold exchange and what we buy from based on the gold on loan 
mechanism. It is something that is ongoing the percentages keep on moving up and down. And 
the adjustment happens on its own. So, as I said it is a natural phenomenon, no real need to 
additionally encourage customers. In any case, we have committed that. when you bring in the 
old jewellery, we are having that commitment, longstanding commitment to every customer 
that we shall accept the old jewellery. Obviously, there are some technicalities, which needs to 
be fulfilled. And then the customer is welcome to choose a piece of new jewellery as per his 
liking.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, so as we have no further questions, I would now 
hand the call to Mr. Chintan Mehta for closing comments.  
Chintan Mehta: 
Thank you very much for joining us today for this call. In case of any other questions, you can 
get in touch with us, write back to us. Our coordinates are provided in the presentation. Good 
evening and thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman that concludes this conference for today. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
