 
             
 
 
12th August 2019 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Q1 FY 2020 results 
 
This is further to our intimation dated 30th July 2019 pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, regarding the 
conference call to discuss the Q1 FY 2020 Financial performance of the Company. 
 
 
The transcript of the conference call held on Tuesday, August 06, 2019 is enclosed for 
your reference and records. 
                                   
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For Orient Green Power Company Limited
  
P Srinivasan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
  
Encl: as above 
 
 
The BSE Limited                                       
Corporate Relations Department,                
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400 001. 
Scrip Code: 533263 
 
The National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th  Floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Scrip Code:  GREENPOWER 

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Orient Green Power Company Limited 
Q1 FY 2020 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 06, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and very warm welcome to the Orient Green 
Power Company Limited’s Q1 FY 2020 Earnings Conference Call.   Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.   
I now hand the conference over to Suraj from CDR India. Thank you and over to 
you, sir.  
Suraj Digawalekar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome all of you to Orient Green Power 
Company Limited’s Earnings Call to discuss the performance for the quarter ended 
June 30th, 2019.  
We have with us today Mr. S. Venkatachalam -- CEO and Managing Director; and 
Mr. K. V. Kasturi -- Chief Financial Officer.  
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today’s discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Documents relating to our financial performance were e-mailed to all 
of you earlier and have been also posted on our corporate website.  
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Venkatachalam. Thank you and over 
to you, sir.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
Thank you, Suraj and a very good afternoon all of you, and thanks for joining the 
investor call.  
I trust that all of you, would had look at the results and gone through the Investor 
Presentation that was circulated earlier.  
Let me begin the discussion by briefly highlighting the key operational 
developments both from the industry and the company’s perspective, post which, 
our CFO – Kasturi will take you through the financial performance.  
Overall, I am glad to announce that we have had a profitable quarter, despite a late 
start to the wind season. The late start to the wind season set us back in the overall 
turnover terms. However due to buoyancy in the REC market and interest waiver 
on promoter loans. We have been able to achieve a PBT of Rs. 468 lakhs, as 
against a loss of Rs. 63 lakhs in the Q1 of last year.  

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Now coming to the overall scenario in the country, the total RE installations as on 
June 30th was around 80.5 Gw with wind at 36.4Gw and solar was fast catching up 
at 29.4 Gw.  
However, the pace of our installations remained very subdued, though marginally 
higher than last year at 2151 Mw, as against 1541 Mw of the previous year. 
Though it is better, it is still very much subdued. Wind was definitely better at 748 
Mw, as against 148 Mw of the previous year. But still far, far below the rates 
required to achieve the Government’s ambitious targets of 175 Gw overall for 
renewables.  
Uncertainties in land allocation, grid connectivity and bank funding are really the 
challenge that bidder who have quoted in the last few tenders have faced. In fact, 
two such instances are that Gujarat, where the state Government had delayed land 
allocations and requested bidders to relocate to a particular designated area.  
The other instances that bidders were participated in the TN tender are still unable 
to achieve financial closure despite a relatively attractive price of Rs. 3.42, this is 
mainly because the TN utility now pays after about 23 months. Most of the bid 
tenders are far from completion and as a result, many of the new tenders and not 
generating their desired interest and being fairly under bid in terms of the overall 
number of bids received.  
Further to this, you must have all read the developments in Andhra Pradesh 
wherein we have 50 Mw of installations under Beta Wind Farm. There have been 
attempts by the newly elected Government to renegotiate PPA’s or the tenders of 
the past.  
In fact, in this regard, the Power Minister has written to the Chief Minister saying 
that this would set a very long precedence and they should refrain from such 
renegotiation. In fact, he has said that actually you can renegotiate where you 
suspect corruption in those particular contracts.  
But coming back to our PPA, our PPA was executed well before this, on 29th May, 
2013, based on an APERC tariff order dated November 2012. Wind energy 
companies have filed writ petition in the AP High Court challenging the State 
Government’s decision to review Power Purchase Agreements that they have 
already signed. The High Court has issued a stay on the same. Following this, the 
immediate reaction of the AP Government was that they resorted to grid back down 
in both wind and solar. However, MNRE’s   immediately returned to them saying 
that they must ensure must on status for renewables and they will have to pay a 
deemed generation to the affected parties.  
But the net result of all this is that, it goes to delay the discoms payment which is 
already standing at about 10 months and our overall dues with the AP DISCOMS is 
about Rs. 40 crore and with July, the wind season itself it would have actually gone 
up further.  
But coming to the good side, the buoyancy in the REC market has really helped 
improve the revenue and cash flow position of the business. Over the last few 
years, the couple of years, in fact, stringent actions on part of the regulators have 
helped improve the demand supply equation. Defaulting entities are now being 
penalized for failing to meet their RP obligations, which has helped improve the 
demand for the certificates.  

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Trading this year has been settled at an average of something like Rs.1,437 as 
against the price of Rs.1,030 in the last year’s Q1. And this has given us a benefit 
of an extra revenue of about Rs. 384 lakhs.  
In fact, just to add to this, the latest trading session in July saw prices of Rs. 1,650 
and Rs. 1,705 in the two exchanges that is the IEX and the PXIL. In fact, we have 
taken numerous initiatives in the past in terms of hiving of the biomass business 
being in the forefront to ensure that 95% grid availability in Tamil Nadu. The 5/25 
scheme for the Beta banks and renegotiation of interest for some of the loans.  
At this juncture, we are in discussion with various banks for refinancing our Beta 
loan portfolio, which stands at over Rs. 900 crore. We were quite close to 
completion, but the payment delays and AP are delaying the process and once we 
come to a regular situation, the banks will be enthused to refinance our entire Rs. 
900 crore portfolio with a lower interest because it will give us a good rating and 
conclude the refinancing process. We are strongly working towards that.  
Therefore, to sum-up, the industry scenario while there are few niggling issues 
which pose near-term challenges on a sustained basis, the various mechanisms 
supporting the renewable industry are gradually   improving and being 
strengthened. And we should see the sector becoming preeminent in helping meet 
the country’s growing need for power and also deliver on stated goals towards 
helping its energy mix.  
To conclude, I would like to reiterate that we believe that we are well placed to 
deliver steady returns on a long-term basis. Having addressed most of the hurdles, 
which we believe can we can deliver consistent return and create value for our 
shareholders.  
And now, I hand over to Kasturi to go through the financials.  
K. V. Kasturi 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Venkatachalam. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for 
taking the time to join our earnings call.  
I will briefly run you through our financial performance for the period under review 
post which, we can start the Q&A session.  
Start starting with the top line. The he total income for the quarter remains steady 
at Rs. 94 crore. This is after moderation in wind intensity. Had it not been for that 
we would have generated even higher revenues.  
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 72 crore as against Rs. 76 crore reported in 
Q1 FY 2019. Higher profitability of the last year has largely went to higher interest 
and operating margins for the quarter stood at 77% as against 81% reported in last 
year.  
Depreciation for the quarter remain more or less steady at Rs. 28 crore as against 
Rs. 29 crore reported last year. Moving on to interest expenses, the outgo for the 
quarter stood at Rs. 39 crore, as against Rs. 49 crore reported during Q1 FY 2019, 
lower by 20%.  
As mentioned by Mr. Venkatachalam earlier, we are discussing with bankers are 
seeking for favorable debt terms, lower interest rate, and extension of tenure on 
existing loans. Our efforts are directed towards lowering the average cost of debt, 

 
Page 4 of 13 
 
which presently stands at 13%. The discussions are shaping well, and we are all 
full of achieving our goal in this regard.  
We have demonstrated our commitment towards improving our balance sheet and 
have successfully reduced your debt consistently over the past five years. Further, 
our efforts towards recovering the dues from our old debtor on time should help us 
improving and easing liquidity level.  
To conclude, I would just like to   say that our efforts towards transforming the 
business are progressing well. Further, with improving macros and Government 
consistent efforts towards increasing the share of renewable energy and overall 
energy mix, we believe we are in a much better position to deliver steady 
performance and create a value for our shareholders.  
That is all from me. We can now take your questions.  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Denny John, an Individual Investor.  .       
Denny John: 
Thank you, I have few questions sir. Firstly, what is the current stage of our 
discussion with the Bankers? We have been in discussion with them since a while 
now but we haven’t seen any material impact of that – so anytime line you can 
share with us as to when do you expect things to materialize? Secondly, we 
continue to show loss from discontinuing operations in our P&L – till when would be 
keep accounting for that? How much more do we have to write off? And lastly, a 
word on REC’s – what’s the current trend in terms of pricing?    
S. Venkatachalam: 
As far as the banks are concerned the renegotiation, we were actually close to 
finalizing with certain Government banks. However, their only issue has been that 
we are actually delaying the payments with the Beta Banks which is a consortium 
of 10 banks and few in the sub debt category also. So, we are at the SMA 1, SMA 
2, kind of category will be Beta Banks and that is mainly because the Andhra   
receivables about Rs. 40 crore and still building up because it is about 10 months 
delay. And we actually are overdue with the banks by about Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 27 
crore. So, even if we get part of the payment, we would be regular with the banks. 
And once we have a regular rating, we actually improve our rating and also 
enthuses a lot of banks, they said, they promise the moment you are regular, we 
will immediately sanction the takeover of the Rs. 900 crore portfolio in Beta. But 
however this Andhra situation in the last couple of months has actually gone worse 
and we are trying with various other banks to give us a kind of a bridge loan, which 
also without a security is getting to be a little bit of a challenge. In fact, the existing 
banks also they think it is not on their part to kind of refinances at least the bridge 
loan part of it. So, probably once the Andhra situation improves, yes, I do 
appreciate that it is taking a little bit of time. But once, the Andhra situation 
improves, we will definitely be able to immediately get this because we have 
already talked to many of the Government banks which are willing to take this at 
least power sector banks. Second is the discontinued operation. Okay, the biomass 
assets, in fact, few of them are up for sale and probably another six months, it 
should take for us to completely wind-up and then because all the assets are being 
transferred to Janati Bio Power, which is under the Shriram Venture Limited, I 
would estimate another six months, because we have got buyers, some of them, it 
was difficult getting buyers for biomass businesses, but at whatever rate we are 
willing to, at least we close the bank loans and then, we would like to move ahead 
and focus on the wind business alone. Now, the REC trading, as I said, the 
average for the year, for the first quarter was Rs.1,437 as against Rs.1,030 in the 
previous quarter last year. And the July trading session was at Rs.1,615 IEX and 

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Rs.1,705 in PXIL. So, it is actually picking-up. It has been good as far as the REC 
trading is concerned, it is not going down, it is really picking-up and we see that this 
trend is a very positive trend and it should maintain at these levels in times to come 
at least for the next couple of quarters.  
Moderator: 
  The next question is from the line of Manoj Bagadia from Equicorp.                        
Manoj Bagadia: 
There are few questions actually. One is the receivables for biomass, you said, it 
will take us six months to complete. So, basically, it is taking a long time to 
complete the sale process, even to the Group company. And this is not a big 
amount actually can’t they settle the amount and everything much earlier than 
because I mean, it will help us a lot in terms of making our accounts regular with 
the bank and then refinancing. So, actually, we are suffering because of that. That 
is question number one. Second question is the advances that we have given for 
the balance expansion project in AP. I mean, that is also stuck with the Group 
company for a long time. And we do not know why I mean; we have to suffer for 
that? And third thing is it is there any progress on the strategic thing because it 
seems that the Group is not able to manage it, even by doing a lot of strategic 
initiatives I mean, we are saying restructuring and initiative for the past four years. 
But somehow, the results are not coming as expected or as fast as expected in 
which time, we have lost a lot of value actually. So, just wanted your thought 
process on this?  
K. V. Kasturi: 
So, with regard to these receivables and the advances which we have paid for the 
project. So, we will be taking decision between Q2 and Qq3. And definitely, we will 
work out, which will not impact the company significantly. So, we are working with 
the Group and definitely the solution will be determined during this period. As far as 
strategic things are concerned, Mr. Venkatachalam will brief you on this.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
We are waiting for the situation in AP to ease out. And then we will definitely take a 
call because we have got a number of things ready for that. So, we are waiting for 
that situation to ease out and I am sure, better sense will prevail as far as AP is 
concerned and things will get eased out. Now strategic, you are aware that two 
years back, we had look at the IL&FS and then, we had looked at two - three other 
strategic tie-ups kind of a thing. I mean we are open to every kind of situation, 
complete buyout to kind of reverse merger and so on so forth. We have talked to a 
number of companies, in fact, there was a lot of interest but then the last couple of 
quarters with things as far as the renewable industry itself, looking a little dim in 
terms of rates that were quoted at Rs. 2.43, etc. and many other projects not 
coming up, many of the bids not being fully satisfied, and even the bids not being 
bid for in totality. There were some kind of a I mean, set back in terms of the 
interest. But still, there are some three - four groups that we are talking to. And we 
hope to conclude this at the earliest.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
But sir, after IL&FS, that we had totally other talks with some other people, where 
was it stuck? Was it stuck on valuation or was it stuck on some operational 
dynamic?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
In fact, you see, basically they themselves the two - three other people whom we 
talked to, they themselves being in the power sector, they themselves had various 
issues, in terms of the debt and so on so forth. They were also stuck because see, 
the renewable industry itself, everybody started getting a different picture of the 
renewable industry once these tariffs went too low. And they found that many of 
them could not even complete the projects with those kind of tariffs or achieve 
financial closure. So, I think, it is a period of and there was selection also at this 

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
point in time. With the new Government, I mean, the same Government back in 
place. At least there are the MNRE also had a number of sessions with the 
investors saying what should we do to improve the situation back to the earlier 
levels, they are also quite concerned, and I am sure something, some initiatives will 
come up, at least to revive interest in the renewable energy sector.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
But sir, the issue is, we have been looking at strategic thing for more than two 
years now. And a lot of people from outside or the outside money has come into 
the sector also and into the other infra project also. So, somehow, we have not 
been able to attract, I mean, I do not know what the issue is issue is, issue is it in 
the company? Is it in the valuation? Is it in the business model  ? But somewhere 
something is wrong, and we fail to understand where the issue is actually. I mean, 
which is hurting probably that is why the deal is not taking place.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
Yes, see, basically, two - three issues were there. In fact, which one by one we got 
rid of. Initially, they were talking about grid back down in Tamil Nadu and we were 
talking about two years - three years back. Secondly, they said the biomass is also 
affecting the business which also has been hived off and that is under completion. 
So, now was that we have a cleaner looking balance sheet and overall book and 
focus on the wind industry, it is just a matter of time because we are actually talking 
to three or four of them at this present moment, we have shared the data, and we 
have got their data as well. So, there are a lot of things which are happening. And I 
am sure you will be at least in the next three months to six months, you should see 
some announcements in these regards. 
Manoj Bagadia: 
And hopefully, to get a better valuation, we need to, I mean about the AP thing, that 
we are looking at it, we are looking at change in policy. But you look at the time 
frames, since when we are waiting. I mean, I do not think so we can wait forever. I 
mean, we do not have the balance sheet to wait for too long. If it is a small 
percentage of the balance sheet then it is okay, I mean, you might want to wait. But 
it has been taking a long time and our situation is going from bad to worse right 
now and with whatever is happening. So, I do not know why are we waiting or what 
is stopping us I mean, we really need to resolve that issue and get the money.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
You are not getting me. It is also the interest that various parties are showing has 
actually dwindled over the last five months to six months with the Government not 
really supporting renewables in the way that it should. People are actually taking a 
backseat there have been no new deals, as far as renewables is concerned, 
people are observing that renewables are not being installed to the full, the tariffs 
are too low. So, people are actually taking a backseat, we are not really worried 
about bank issue  
Manoj Bagadia: 
I understand that sir, i mean, our situation what we have under our control with 
service the advances we have given to the group company for the windmill.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
I appreciate your points. But then, the situation is everybody is on a wait and watch 
mode and the Andhra situation is actually set back the number of investors in this 
regard.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
Sir, how much is the amount that we have given advance and when was that 
advance given?  
K. V. Kasturi: 
2016 Rs. 110 crore.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
Rs. 110 crore?  

 
Page 7 of 13 
 
K. V. Kasturi: 
Yes.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
All right. So, in case, if we cancel this with the supplier, is there a significant penalty 
that we need to pay? I mean, suppose theoretical, you say that I do not want it, I 
am canceling it because there is no certainty. So, how much money can you get 
back? Is it full or is there any penalty?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
That we will have to evaluate but there are interested buyers for that particular 
project also, that also we are looking at.  
K. V. Kasturi: 
We want to minimize the damage, so even if we want to do it, we want to minimize 
the loss towards, so that the things are protected well.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
No, the agreement would be very clear with supplier that if we do not pick up this 
thing, is there penalty or there is no penalty, that must be very clear, right I mean 
so that would very clear there is no penalty. Basically, sir since 2016 to 2019, our 
money Rs. 110 crore is stuck, if there is no penalty, we should have canceled and 
got the money back, which would have been used to recognize the bank accounts, 
reduce the interest for the last three years, as well as we could have refinance the 
loans and received on interest. So, if you see, the total impact on our company is 
significant, whether it is a Group problem, it is a supplier problem other thing, but if 
you look at independently responsibility to this company then you need to take hard 
decision.   
S. Venkatachalam: 
But the supplier has also bought certain critical components based on the 
advances given. So, you cannot just write it off.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
We do not write it, we do not write it. But for three years, we suffer, even if out of 
Rs. 110 crore, if you have to forgo Rs. 10 crore but get Rs. 100 crore, use it to 
repay loans or regularize the accounts and reduce the interest costs  
S. Venkatachalam: 
Ever since then the tariffs have fallen so much but that we will not be able to realize 
those kinds of tariffs again.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
No, I am not saying that you putoff the project. What I am saying is with the 
supplier, supplier instead close the advances…  
S. Venkatachalam: 
We are exploring that also we are selling it to another party, who will also waiting 
for the Andhra situation ease out.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
Because the latest thing is they are trying to reduce the rate, cancel the old PPA.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
That will not happen because it is not valid in the court of law. And in our case, as I 
said they had quoted a circular dated 2015, regulation one of 2015 based on which 
they had issued letters to various investors. We had invested in 2012 and 2013. 
So, ours is before that. But of course, since they could not send separate letters, I 
mean, they could not identify clearly, they actually sent letters to all the investors 
even for a prior period. But even to the investors who have invested based on that 
circular, which is not us, they cannot really renegotiate the prices.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
I understand. But if it goes into court of law and if it long time, then the sufferer will 
be the company and especially, the weak balance sheet, they will suffer more 
because courts take long time and I do not think…. 

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
S. Venkatachalam: 
I agree with you that is the whole issue that always these delays, the entire process 
it gets people to lose interest and also it helps AP delay payments further.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
So, that is why the situation is getting worse for us. If you look at our balance sheet 
and if we cannot refinance the loans and the Rs. 500 crore, we are paying very 
high interest cost actually in this environment when the 10 year T-Bill is 6.43 and 
add on that the risk premium and other things. So, with the normal balance, you 
could finance it maybe say 8% - 9% - 9.5% also probably or maybe less than 10% 
probably.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
We are expecting the situation to improve because there is a lot of the from the 
center a lot of these things up to the PM are involved in this particular exercise 
because the number of investors, who are invested far higher in fact 700 Mw - 800 
Mw, etc from Renew Power, Mytrah and all these others investors who have 
invested big amounts, the stakes are much bigger for them and they are all highly 
concerned and I mean, they have moved the entire center for to get involved.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
 That is why margin question was in two parts. One was the external environment 
where you do not have control, you have to live with it, whatever is happening in 
AP and other places. But the internally what you could control over two things, 
receivable for biomass because you transferred at certain valuation and if it is 
taking a long time then we are losing value, in terms of the money we could have 
got, interest we could have said, and the refinancing we could have done. Another 
thing was the advances since 2016. These two are something where a lot of 
people hear I mean I spoke to few people and they said because of the group 
issues we have suffered actually.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
See, we have got buyers for the biomass units who are getting their bank loans 
and working towards. We have got biomass buyers for almost all of biomass unit 
except one out of the remaining eight which we had.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
Yes, but the money has to come in, right, the deal has to close and the money has 
to come in fast for us to use.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
It is coming in, it is coming in, we assure that it is coming in.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
No, I know it will come in, but if it comes in after two years or three years then the 
value of the money is much lower.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
I think, we should not be negative about it.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
No, I am not negative, I am very practical, since the time, we lead the deal for 
biomass and other thing, even to the group company and group could have done 
something and given us this kind of money because it is a small money for them. 
S. Venkatachalam: 
No, I do not think, we should lean on the group, they already funded more than Rs. 
700 crore. 
Manoj Bagadia: 
No, I am not leaning on them. I am saying that if they have taken, see, otherwise, 
we could have sold in the market I mean. In market I know one thing that in India, 
there are vultures also, worst of the assets also get sold for a price. Everything has 
a price and for a price everything gets sold in the marketplace. 
S. Venkatachalam: 
We have got good price and we are in the process of selling these assets.  

 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Manoj Bagadia: 
And the other question is, what is the level of tax cover that we have till now, which 
is usable to a new by in case if somebody buys it and what is the level of tax cover 
they have right now?  
K. V. Kasturi: 
Around Rs. 400 crore we are still having business loss. 
Manoj Bagadia: 
Rs. 400 crore of the past losses, which can be a tax cover for the new buyer?  
K. V. Kasturi: 
Yes.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
It should have been high, no, sir? It should have been much higher than that?  
K. V. Kasturi: 
I am just giving a ballpark number,  
Manoj Bagadia: 
Okay. And last things are about FY 2020 the wind generation, the first quarter I 
think the wind generation is not up to the mark or expectation. So, overall, for the 
whole year, do you expect it like last year or do you expect it like normal year what 
we had earlier year, this year?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
We expect Q2 to be at least better. Q3, of course, Q3 and Q4 not much wind 
happens but at least Q2 should be a little better. Let us hope, if it continues the 
weather gods should be kind enough to ensure that Q2 also goes on well.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
Right. But in worst scenario, would it be similar to last year or it could be lower, I 
mean. I hope it is not lower than last year also I mean last year we had some 
issues with the wind? 
S. Venkatachalam: 
Yes, let us hope, it is not lower than last year, correct.  
 K. V. Kasturi: 
See, we are hoping that but it is nature’s thing and second thing is that forecast is 
available only for five days. So, obviously, we do not have any Q3 - Q4 forecast, 
we do not have right now. But hopefully, the July is not that bad, August is looking 
better. So, hopefully, we will beat last year.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
Okay. That is good, at least if it is better than last year then hopefully at least it 
gives you better cash flow.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
That is right. Yes.  
Manoj Bagadia: 
Okay. Hope to hear good news as soon, sir, I mean because I think it is long, long 
time, I hope to hear good news.  
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Saikiran Pulavarthi from Haitong Securities.   
Saikiran Pulavarthi: 
I think, there is some discussion which happened and Andhra Government's 
decision and all that stuff. But sir, broadly if we take a step back and I do 
understand that you mentioned that there will be no legal sanctity for whatever the 
move which the Government had taken. But do you foresee any risk of other states 
also going through this path, if any? What could the central Government do to 
prevent such kind of…. 
S. Venkatachalam: 
See, basically few things. Se, couple of years back when the tariffs started falling 
and the tariff went as low as Rs. 2.44 and Rs. 2.43 for wind and solar, there was a 

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
temptation of various Government’s especially Karnataka and Andhra itself, 
Telangana others they started the ball rolling in terms of renegotiation of tariffs. So, 
they tried that for a couple of months and then they realized that this is not the right 
thing to do because it sets back investments in their own state and also it is wrong 
precedents as such. So, the other states, they have already been through this 
process and they have shelved these kinds of ideas of renegotiating previous 
tariffs, even in solar, they were even at Rs. 15 tariffs are also still in existence in 
some states. Now, Andhra started this, of course, we  are all aware of the motive 
behind the entire exercise that Andhra started this with. Now, they started this with 
kind of a political vendetta or vengeance. Now, since they started this, they cannot 
really suddenly go back. Now, the things that are happening as far as the Central 
Government, the Power Minister and the MNRE have written to them and the 
Power Minister has also spoken to the Chief Minister, we understand that they are 
going higher and then they will of course, the Chief Minister through probably the 
PM and various other sources to put pressure saying that that this kind of a thing is 
not on because it not only sets the precedents in the power sector, remember it 
can even road construction tariffs or pipeline projects or whatever non-power 
sector projects also then the Governments will say that we want to renegotiate.. It 
sends jitters or various other foreign investors also waiting to invest in India.  
K. V. Kasturi: 
Second thing  , as far as the rates are concerned, rates are determined based on a 
tariff commission because each state has got electricity commission which is 
comprising of legal member and then commercial and the technical member and 
they go through these certain processes. They have a lot of inputs coming from 
investment costs what is called the return on equity and the debt portion, rate of 
return on the debt, all those things factor it, and they make a good commercial 
justification for that particular rate. And second thing is these PPA is being signed 
by three parties, because there is the IPP player and the Government and the 
Electricity Commission. So, because it is not just like that, so Suo Moto, you cannot 
do anything it has to be bilateral one and it needed to be observed that's why the 
committee itself is now made null and void by the High Court order. So, obviously, 
it cannot be negotiate because it is a sacrosanct, because once you have signed 
for 25 years, it is sacrosanct. You cannot go and negotiate because it is 
determined based on certain investment, CAPEX and the rate of interest, rate of 
returns, everything is determined. And it has been with a lot of consultative 
approach. It is not just like the unilaterally designed and then fix the price.  
Saikiran Pulavarthi: 
Sir, so understand that sir. So, now, in the meantime, of what will be the 
Government’s move whether they are still taking the power from all the renewable 
guys and then paying up for that or what is that is happening, sir?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
See, they are kind of trying to mix and match between the renewable and the 
thermal powers guys. Now what has happened is also if you realize the NTPC 
itself, the Andhra Government owes them more than Rs. 2,000 crore. In fact, a 
couple of months back and NTPC threatened to pull the plug and say that we will 
not supply. Though of course, it is a little remote that Central Government agency 
would actually do this. But there have been threats by them itself to saying that we 
will stop supplies of power to the entire state. But at the same time MNRE has 
written to the Andhra Government saying that you will have to give them a deem 
generation benefit, which we can at least use in a court of law. Though they may 
not pay it off but at least we can use it in a court of law saying that this is the kind of 
this thing we will we will stand to lose if they back us around down and take such 
actions which are not in accordance with law.  
Saikiran Pulavarthi: 
Got it, sir. But can you confirm that they are still buying the power from you guys or 
any other renewable guy? 

 
Page 11 of 13 
 
S. Venkatachalam: 
They are also buying the power from us. There is a little bit of back down which is 
happening but we are managing that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prithviraj Mehta from HNI Investments.   
Prithviraj Mehta: 
When can we see improvement in the earnings sir?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
Sir, we are putting all the efforts to ensure that we give the best return to the 
shareholders. However, you have seen that in the past, there have been certain 
setbacks and now we are in a much better situation as far as we are a wind only 
company and we are hopeful that we will in the next couple of years let us things 
improve to give best returns to the shareholders.  
Prithviraj Mehta: 
Can we expect improvement in the next two years?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
Let us hope so, sir. In fact, one cannot give any speculative answers on this. But 
definitely we are hopeful that we will give you the earlier than that, we also are 
hopeful that that the company should do well. And all the power companies not just 
us, all the companies in the renewable energy sector or in any other even the coal 
power sector should do well.  
K. V. Kasturi: 
Here the promoters are putting almost 48% they are holding it, they are also quite 
keen to improve the return. So, obviously, everybody is working towards improving 
the performance of the company in all aspects.  
 Prithviraj Mehta: 
Okay, second question is, where can we see the subsidiaries performance?.  
K. V. Kasturi: 
See, normally we publish only the consolidated number and particularly even in the 
last year accounts we will find the consolidate numbers and the OGPL 
performance and there is a reference of the subsidiary’s information also available 
in the annual report itself.  
Moderator: 
  The next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva Investments.   
Ashwin Reddy: 
I have a few questions. So, right now, you mentioned that the Andhra Government 
has backed down a little but they are taking the supplies from you. So, but right 
now, are you are getting paid for whatever you are supplying to them or is it kind of 
getting delay in the payments?   
S. Venkatachalam: 
Yes, payments are still delayed. In fact, it started about two years back from 30 
days 45 days, it is it was at eight months and then these two months, it has gone 
up to 10 months, there is no payments coming out from Andhra. I understand, 
there are no funds, but they were raising some money about Rs. 2,000 crore was 
supposed to be raised and once that comes they should definitely pay at least the 
pass.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay. And from the agreement that you had initially you cannot supply to anybody 
else, right? You can supply the entire… 
S. Venkatachalam: 
All state PPAs do not have an open access, unless you specifically apply for open 
access and then shift over. But the same PPAs are only to the state grid. 
K. V. Kasturi: 
You have to cancel that PPA then only you can go for merchant sell.  

 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Understood. So, the recent Government move to kind of at least address some 
concerns, right wherein they are asking Governments to open an LC and then kind 
of ensure that payments come through, is that even taking up in any state, 
especially in the Tamil Nadu or in Andhra or anywhere, are Government is taking 
that on?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
Not that we are aware of. See, the circular is there and they are supposed to buy 
power only against assured payment terms. I am not aware of many, if many of the 
Government state utilities have the ability to even get LCs done with the kind of 
situation that they are in. So, I do not know how practical this particular letter or the 
instruction from the Government is. But as of now, I do not see this happening in 
the immediate term. But if it happens, it is very good for the sector itself, it will give 
a huge boost to the sector.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Right, okay. And you mentioned that in this quarter the promoter loan interest will 
be waved-off. So, has this been pushed out or how is the promoter thinking about 
the amount of loan and the interest portion? I mean slightly more longer-term color 
would be helpful.  
K. V. Kasturi: 
Yes, the promoters last year also they gave a waiver-off interest and this year 
quarterly basis, they will keep reviewing it and depending on the company’s 
position they keep giving the waiver.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
So, is this the waiver or is this the push out to next quarter or can recover later 
again?  
K. V. Kasturi: 
It is a full waiver.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Full waiver, okay. And also, for the wind assets, which you have right now, what is 
the annual maintenance CAPEX that you would incur?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
See, basically, the O&M cost in new windmills it ranges to about 10%, in the old 
windmill it goes to about 20% because they are much lower turnover also 
generating So, the proportions which are lower denominator, the proportions go a 
little higher. See, the EBITDA overall after the O&M and manpower and other 
expenses comes to about 75% to 80% overall.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Right, okay. But what proportion of your assets would you classify in the older 
category versus the new category? 
K. V. Kasturi: 
Out of 425 Mw about 180 Mw to 285 Mw or your category and the rest of it about 
240 Mw predominantly in the Beta Wind Farms are in the new category.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of K. P. Singh, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
K. P. Singh: 
Sir, when can we see improved performance from the Company? Also could you 
clarify about the Rs. 110 cr advancement? And what is the status of the project?  
K. V. Kasturi: 
See, one is that with respect to the advances to the equipment because this is the 
equipment which we have doing it for Phase III project in Beta Wind Farm which is 
Andhra Pradesh.  

 
Page 13 of 13 
 
K. V. Kasturi: 
See, after the introduction of this a reverse bidding auction, the Government is not 
accepting the feed-in tariff, okay. We have the valid order for feed-in tariff which 
Government is not accepting that. So, that is why it got in stalemate. So, obviously, 
we may get some clarity in the next couple of quarters or we may also sell this 
project also.  
K. P. Singh: 
Sir, when can we see improvement in the revenue generation? Weather reports 
have been favorable right for the quarter?  
S. Venkatachalam: 
No, sir. In fact, I would like to differ on that, the wind actually started in mid of June. 
In fact, the wind was supposed to start in the end of May and it was blown away by 
a cyclone, which if you remember went to Gujarat, Oman and that kind of cyclone. 
Following which, the wind only started the regular wind, which was a good wind 
started in mid of June only. So, there has definitely been a delay in the wind 
season as far as Q1 is concerned, after which the wind has been good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question in queue. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments.  
S. Venkatachalam: 
Thank you very much to all the participants. And as we said, we have definitely 
been through various phases, as we went through the development over the last 8 
years - 10 years and following which, in fact at that point in time the wind and the 
biomass were the best-looking industries with good returns. But then things various 
turns in terms of grid back down and various other things which happened, the 
biomass tariffs. Definitely, there were set backs as far as the industry’s were 
concerned. Things then did start improving and we actually did high hive-off the 
biomarkers and even the Andhra project also got delayed. But the thing really 
further set back various things were the competitive bidding which went on to such 
low rates, which also started exciting the various state utilities to renegotiate and, 
you know, relook at particular tariffs. But this competitive bidding also the 
Government has realized is not here to stay because the later bids are not being 
bid to the full. And also, many people are saying that we should bid not less Rs. 
3.25 or Rs. 3.50 in the coming bids. There are very few bidders that the 
Government is able to look at. When the Government has realized that you know 
that these things are not sustainable in the long-term, if they really want to achieve 
targets that they have set for themselves like 175 Gw by 2022. And fortunately, it is 
the same Government, so they cannot go back on the word as such.  
So, from our point of view, also, numerous steps have been taken and we are quite 
confident and we are only hoping for some good times to come. There have been 
setbacks and the latest setback being the Andhra setback itself, which I am hopeful 
we will get sorted out in a month or two and then after which the payment should 
start coming. And unfortunately, we are not able to give the right timelines to any of 
the investors. We are also looking at it on a day-to-day basis, minute-to-minute 
basis. And we are really hopeful and we are confident that you know these things 
will get sorted out because the Government itself sees that there have been a lot of 
setback for the power sector and they are quite serious about it. And we are all are 
hopeful and let us look forward to some good times. Thank you so much. 
K. V. Kasturi: 
Thank you.  
 
