Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Parag Milk Foods Limited 
Q2 FY20 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 24, 2019 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. DEVENDRA SHAH - CHAIRMAN  
MR. VENKAT SHANKAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
MS. AKSHALI SHAH – VICE PRESIDENT OF 
STRATEGY, SALES & MARKETING  
MR. SHASHIKANT DALMIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
MS. NATASHA KEDIA - HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS  
 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Parag Milk Foods Limited Q2 FY2020 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Ms. Natasha Kedia, Head of Investor Relations of Parag 
Milk Foods Limited. Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Natasha Kedia: 
Thank you and good evening everyone. Welcome to Parag Milk Foods Limited’s Q2 FY20 
earnings call. Before we begin, let me introduce the management participants for today’s 
call. We have with us our Chairman, Mr. Devendra Shah; our CEO, Mr. Venkat Shankar; 
Mr. Shashikant Dalmia, our CFO; Akshali Shah, VP Strategy for Marketing & Sales; 
Shirish Upadhyay, Senior VP Strategy; and myself, Natasha as well as our Investor 
Relations advisors, SGA. I hope all of you were able to go through the financial results as 
well as the Investor Presentation that is uploaded on the stock exchange as well as our 
company website. Let me now hand over the call to our Chairman, Mr. Devendra Shah to 
share his thoughts. Over to you Sir! 
Devendra Shah: 
Good evening and a very warm welcome to everyone on the call. As you are all aware, our 
industry has its own unique set of characteristics and with milk being an agri-commodity, 
its availability and pricing depends on a lot of interlinked factors and is cyclical in nature. 
On a longer term basis, milk production as well as consumption has been growing by more 
than 4.5% and pricing is also aligned with overall inflation.   
 
Rain gods have been quite benevolent to the country during this year and this abundant 
monsoon is still continuing as we speak. With excess rainfall, the milk production situation 
shall improve substantially leading to a continued flow of milk all year round. 
 
During Q1, when milk prices were rising, we initially thought that demand will see us 
through, and it was more a question of protecting margins. While we did see demand 
sustaining, our ability to meet the demand because of the availability of milk, was a 
constraint in Q2 and will continue to be a constraint till Diwali. We witnessed delayed and 
prolonged monsoons and disruptions in milk availability due to marooning in some parts of 
Maharashtra which also hampered the flow of milk in different areas. The lengthy monsoon 
also led to delays in the feed reaching the market which resulted in stress on the availability 
of milk. 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
As for our performance this quarter, we witnessed a revenue growth of 11.6% YoY to 
Rs.640 Crores in Q2 FY2020. Gross margin stood at 25.7% in Q2 FY2020 while EBITDA 
margin stood 8.7% during this quarter. While we were in a better position than the earlier 
years to combat milk prices due to our brand equity and brand power, were there more milk 
available, we could have seen a better revenue run as per our expectations.  
 
We have already seen substantial improvement in the milk availability from Dussehra and 
slight moderation in the milk pricing has also started. Finally, we witnessed an improving 
trend at the starting of the flush season. With this above trend clearly visible now going 
forward, we see further improvement of the milk availability and some softening of the 
milk prices post completion of the Diwali festivities. However, on an annualized basis, 
pricing of milk for this year would be still higher as compared for the last year. 
 
With the expectation that the milk availability situation will improve in the second half of 
this year and with festivals like Diwali and Christmas falling in the current quarter, for the 
full year we will try to meet lower-end of our stated guidance in terms of revenue, and are 
looking to achieve an EBITDA margins in the range of 9-9.5%. ROCE will be remain at 
similar levels to FY19. 
 
As promoter of the company, post the IPO, we were keen to increase our shareholding in 
the company. Towards that endeavor, we had taken a loan to buy-back a small portion of 
shares from the market and in turn, pledged our shares as security. Over the last two months 
we have repaid 20% to 25% of the loans and are looking further reducing it in the coming 
months. Post the reduction we are looking releasing the pledge in a phased manner. 
 
As you are aware, to bring in the higher level of professionalism and propel the company to 
greater heights we recently, got on board, Mr. Venkat Shankar as the CEO of the company, 
who we introduced to you on the last call. Venkat comes with a varied experience of 
working in various FMCG companies in senior roles and brings valuable insight that will 
help the organization recognize its objectives. Parag is entering the exciting phase of the 
growth and I am confident that we have built the right foundation for our future endeavors.  
 
I would now request Mr. Venkat Shankar to share his thoughts and take us through the 
business performance. 
Venkat Shankar: 
Thanks Devenji and a very good afternoon to all of you. On the last call, which was about a 
month or so after I came on board, I had mentioned that I was spending time getting to 
know the various business verticals, traveling to our various markets and clients and 
meeting people. Having done that, I would like to share some of my observations and very 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 4 of 21 
broadly set out some initial direction that we want to drive towards over the next quarters. 
This could take a little bit of time before I get into the quarter numbers. So just do bear with 
me. Before I jump into that, though, one must acknowledge that the last 10 years have seen 
a period of accelerating growth for us, where our revenue grew from about Rs. 340 crore in 
FY09 to about Rs. 2,400 crore in FY19 over that particular decade. Clearly our early bets in 
certain product categories like cheese and ghee, the portfolio and brand proliferation across 
multiple categories, creation of a Pan-India distribution network, these have all contributed 
to building a solid platform and market position for Parag. I believe that was exactly the 
right approach that the company needed to take over the last 15 years.  
 
However, when transitions happen, there is an opportunity to reassess where we stand and 
what course corrections will be necessary. In this process, there will be some areas of 
continuity and some areas of change. From a strategic standpoint, I think it is safe to say 
that largely there is going to be continuity. We will continue to bring the goodness of cow’s 
milk to the Indian consumer. We will continue to be innovators. We will have a wide 
portfolio including our Health and Nutrition portfolio. The change at least in the initial 
stages is going to come more in the execution part and then in how we drive these strategies 
forward. As I look at our position, we have a wide portfolio, multiple brands, a Pan-India 
distribution footprint and a manufacturing footprint that spans three regions of India. In all, 
therefore, I am satisfied with the width of our business across all these dimensions. 
However, I believe the time is ripe to be driving more depth in our business, which 
essentially means that there will be a period of growth through consolidation and 
concentration in the categories that are core to us, in our brand architecture, in our 
distribution network, in the way we take our innovations to market, and then our 
productivity-driving efforts. All of this would require us to start tweaking some of the tools 
of how we do the business in order to prepare ourselves for the next phase of growth. So let 
me briefly touch upon some of these. 
 
Firstly distribution. Distribution I think is one of the most enduring strengths of any FMCG 
company and this is one area where we will see a change in our approach. Over the past 
many years, we have expanded our distribution to about 3.5 lakh outlets currently. 
However, from here on, rather than driving width of distribution and further expanding our 
outlet coverage, we will now focus intensely on our depth and quality of distribution into 
the currently covered 3.5 lakh outlets. Dairy, especially in the value-added product side is a 
business where the Pareto principle is very real, which essentially means that you have a 
20:80 rule in terms of contribution to business from outlets and therefore our quality and 
depth of presence in these weighted outlets, which contribute a significant portion of dairy 
revenues is going to be critically important. We now have a list of weighted outlets across 
our key markets that will see a higher intensity of focus on deeper and high quality selling 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 5 of 21 
by our team. This approach will also see us concentrate our efforts on the top metros and 
other key demand clusters based on our portfolio. While we clearly expect this to be a 
source of growth in the near and medium term, I feel this will also constitute growth with 
quality as we will be extracting more from the same base without really increasing our costs 
and this will also lead to us establishing stronger market share positions across geographies 
and especially in key geographies like the North and East. 
 
Secondly, while we have focused a lot on expanding across into other categories, we will 
now put more efforts into our core categories like cheese and ghee in terms of distribution, 
pack-pricing and other tools to proactively drive our position in these categories. We also 
have a differentiated long shelf-life natural paneer product where we have stepped up our 
market activation and are already seeing good traction. Together, ghee, cheese and paneer 
will be three of our core categories that we have flagged for generating growth in the near 
and medium term.  
 
Now while we focus on the core, we will continue to innovate - that is our strength and that 
is what Parag as a company is known for. However, we will do so with more rigor, more 
discipline, and certainly, with more checkpoints in place. Therefore, prior to investing time 
and product development and launches, it will be essential, going forward, to establish a 
business case to determine our right-to-win in these new categories and so on. All this could 
potentially mean fewer launches, fewer new products to market, but hopefully bigger and 
well-planned ones that will be significantly and sustainably accretive to the business.  
 
The other element of our journey has been constant market segmentation and creation of 
differentiated brands across categories and this has helped us carve out unique identities for 
many of our new products. Going forward we will see consolidation here in the form of a 
very defined brand architecture wherein all our products will fall under two umbrella 
brands, Gowardhan and Go, with Avvatar as a functional brand oriented towards the 
specific growing niche. Traditional Indian products will continue to fall under the brand 
Gowardhan, whereas higher value-added, new and western format products will fall under 
brand Go. Avvatar will mainly serve as the vehicle brand for whey protein and related 
products while Pride of Cows will embody our premium niche products made from high-
quality milk procured from our own Bhagyalaxmi Dairy Farm. Obviously, this kind of 
brand architecture is not trivial work, and we are working on it. We will continue to refine it 
and roll it out over the next few quarters in the market. 
 
Work continues on the Health and Nutrition program, and we have accelerated our back-
end work here. This is a space with immense potential. The Health and Nutrition portfolio 
in FY19 was at about 3.5% of revenue and is currently in H1 clocking about 4% of our 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 6 of 21 
revenues. Avvatar continues to grow at a scorching pace and will almost double revenues in 
FY20. In the past we have also piloted other functional products like Go Protein Power, Go 
Colo Power, and we have some clear learnings from these. Our team is working hard at 
assimilating these learnings into the marketing mix. At this stage we are reassessing our 
strategy and the resources that we need to support this very critical category with. So, while 
there is a lot of back-end work going on you will be able to see some of our moves towards 
the end of the fiscal year in this space. 
 
Our fresh milk and Pride of Cows business’ continue to have a strong foothold in the 
markets that we are present in. In our fresh milk business, we have been growing our 
presence across the country and of course north being a significant contributor, given the 
low base. Our niche brand, Pride of Cows, continues to exhibit good customer stickiness 
and is growing in healthy double digits on an organic basis. Our focus will be to scale up 
this business in the markets of Mumbai, Pune, Surat and Delhi before we expand into newer 
markets. 
 
I also believe that the company has reached a stage today where we need to be cognizant of 
the cost, quality and sustainability of growth, and we have commenced work on improving 
productivity and bringing in efficiencies across the system. Of specific focus is our working 
capital structure and we are looking at tangible actions that will create a more sustainable 
cash flow to fund future growth. That said I do not want to jump the gun without specifics, 
and we expect to share our objective and roadmap on this very important initiative as part of 
our next guidance. 
 
Just one final point before we get into the quarter that has gone by and this relates to our 
engagement with Vector and the Mumbai TOC experiment in specific. As a seasoned 
marketing professional, I think that the present project based on the Theory of Constraints 
that we have undertaken in Mumbai is a truly transformative exercise and to that extent we 
need to acknowledge the enormity of this whole task and the fact that while this could have 
been 2 years in the making the execution has actually been completed only a few months 
ago in Mumbai. As with any such mammoth project, we will need to make a few tweaks to 
optimize the model, which we are doing currently. However, we have a good preliminary 
read on the whole situation and clearly our feeling on the revenue and selling indicators part 
has been very positive. Mumbai is clearly growing over control geographies and the sales 
KPIs are visibly ahead. Simultaneously we want to get clear validation on the cost side. We 
believe that the increased costs will be leveraged down through scale and will lead to a cost 
model, which is similar to the cost structure prior to rollout of the new model. Now we will 
need to observe a few months of optimization and sustained growth and validate our 
hypothesis completely. So I do want everyone to understand that this is a pretty complex 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 7 of 21 
transformation and we do want to see sustainable results before we move into the next 
market and I believe that we will be in a position to make our final determination on 
timelines and next steps by Q4 of this year. 
 
As mentioned by Devenji earlier, given the moderating milk prices and improving 
availability of milk we expect to improve our revenue run-rate and margin performance 
thereby expecting to close this fiscal at the lower end of the guidance in terms of revenue 
and clocking an EBITDA margin in the range of about 9% to 9.5%. 
 
I do want to also mention here that the last two quarters, that is Q1 and Q2 of this particular 
fiscal, have been actually quite brutal in terms of the whole milk situation. We have had a 
double whammy of both high milk prices and a shortage of availability of milk even at 
those high prices, which has, obviously, had an impact on some of our metrics like our 
gross margins, etc., but as we had mentioned we do see enough indicators about moderation 
on this front as Devenji mentioned and Shashikant will expand a little more on this part. 
 
So in all, I think, we have a robust platform to build from. You would have noticed that the 
emphasis through my talk has been more on execution rather than on changing much of the 
strategy and execution I think is that one critical quality that we will be focusing on in the 
short and medium term to enable us to scale from here on. 
 
I would now request Shashikant, our CFO, to take you through the financial performance 
for the quarter. 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and thank you very much for joining us today to 
discuss the operating and financial performance of our company for the second quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2019. 
 
Consolidated revenue from operations for Q2 FY20 stood at Rs.6,400 million a growth of 
11.6% year-on-year from Rs.5,735 million in Q2 FY19, driven by a 11% increase in 
revenue from Milk Products of Rs.4,360 million. The share of Milk Products for Q2 FY20 
was 68% of our total revenue, while that of Fresh Milk was 19% and the same for Skimmed 
Milk Powder was 11%.  
 
EBITDA for Q2 FY20 stood at Rs.555 million while EBITDA margin stood at 8.7% for Q2 
FY20. Other expenses saw a reduction this quarter compared to the same quarter last year, 
which had a one-off item of reversal of PSI of Rs.6 crores. Furthermore, the provision this 
quarter has been lower and has reached normalized levels. Also, the marketing and 
advertisement expenses are aligned with the festive season with a major portion being 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 8 of 21 
utilized in the present quarter. PAT for Q2 FY2020 was Rs.285 million with a PAT margin 
of 4.5%.  
 
In terms of the half yearly financials, revenue from operations grew 13.1% year-on-year to 
Rs.12,698 million in H1 FY2020. EBITDA stood at Rs.1,123 million while EBITDA 
margin stood at 8.8%; PAT was Rs.560 million with a PAT margin of 4.4%. 
 
Moving to the balance sheet, our working capital cycle changed from 68 days in March 
2019 to 71 days in September 2019. Debtor days increased from 42 days in March 2019 to 
43 days in September 2019, while creditor' days were decreased from 45 days in March 
2019 to 39 days in September 2019. Due to constraints in the availability of milk, working 
capital increased due to an increase in the inventory and extended credit as a result of the 
festive season. 
 
In terms of the government incentives such as the PSI incentive and milk subsidy, Rs.74.3 
crore is still pending from the government against claims submitted. We have received PSI 
incentive of Rs.5.6 crore and milk subsidy of Rs.11.89 crore in Q2. 
 
We generated an operating cash flow of Rs. 50.9 crore in the first half of the year with a 
free cash flow amount of Rs.33.7 crore.  
 
Our current debt stands at Rs.211.1 crore; however, with a substantial increase in the price 
of milk and higher volume of milk to be procured for further growth, we have higher cash 
requirements. Further there is a substantial amount of money blocked with the government 
in the form of subsidy receivables. We may therefore look at avenues to adjust this gap. 
 
On that note, we come to an end to opening remarks and will like to now ask to the 
moderator to open the lines for the question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Nitin Gosar from Invesco 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Thanks, Venkat, for the articulation of what you intend to do. Two questions, one is on the 
gross margins. The cost of procurement has gone up Q-o-Q, Y-o-Y. It would be 
advantageous if you could spell out more in terms of numbers, how the cost has gone up, 
what has been the percentage change or the absolute number change in milk procurement 
cost and where is it setting off today? 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Venkat Shankar: 
Yes, thanks, Nitin, for that question. First of all, if you all recall, in the last call, the 
previous quarter call, Shirish had flagged about a 12% increase in the price of milk Q1 over 
last year Q1. We thought that was pretty much where things would largely hold. However, 
when we look at the weighted average milk price of Q2 over Q1, it had gone up by a further 
11%, which was quite unexpected. 
 
So in all, Q2 over last year's Q2 actually had something like a 23% inflation on milk price. 
Now we had covered, as we exited Q1, for a milk price, which was an escalation of the first 
12% of the first quarter. However, while we continued to keep covering our pricing, even as 
the milk escalated in Q2, we obviously, could not do all of it, and the milk escalation was 
fairly rapid and steep. So in all, our pricing, for example in Q1 over last Q1, moved up by 
an average of about 5% given that we took it somewhere around the second month, etc. So 
the effective pricing increase we took in Q1 was about 5% and the effective pricing we took 
in Q2 over Q1 was overall about 7% and as you can see these are full quarter averages there 
is a bit of a lag, but that is essentially what is leading to the gross margin dilution of 3% odd 
in the first quarter and a further 1% in Q2 over Q1. 
 
Now I do want to say that as we sit at the exit of Q2, first part is that the milk price has just 
started somewhat moderating and as we sit today it is about 3% to 4% below the average of 
Q2 and post-Diwali, as we see the milk availability improve, we expect a further Rs.1 to 
Rs.2 per liter moderation in prices, which essentially leads us to expect that over H2, we 
will have about 6% to 7% of moderation on milk prices compared to Q2 so that is point 
number one. Point number two that we need to keep in mind is that we had obviously taken 
our price increases in line with the prices of Q2 and therefore now the price reductions in 
line with the milk price reducing is something that we are obviously also going to do with 
as much of a lag effect as possible leading us to believe that our gross margin for H2 will be 
significantly better than Q2. 
Nitin Gosar: 
One small follow-up over here. So you said effective price milk payment cost has been up 
by 23% in the first half right? 
Venkat Shankar: 
There are 3 figures that I gave so let’s get this right. Q1 of this year over Q1 of last year was 
an inflation of 12%, Q2 of this year over Q1 of this year was a further 11%, and Q2 of this 
year over Q2 of last year was about 23%. 
Nitin Gosar: 
So the answer lies between the averages. It is 12% plus 23%, so average of these 2 sort of 
roughly around 18% is what the inflation has been for first half? 
Venkat Shankar: 
You could say, yes about 17%, 18% would have been the weighted average inflation. Yes. 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Nitin Gosar: 
And for that, we have taken price hike to the tune of 12%, 5% plus 7%? 
Venkat Shankar: 
So we have taken a total price increase of 5% in Q1 and a further 7% in Q2 so that is 12% 
in Q2 so you can look at a weighted average there, which would be about between 5% and 
12%, so about 7-7.5% in the first half of the year. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Okay. So that is what you are saying is the current scenario. So, coming in third quarter if 
the procurement cost remains where it is and if your price increase that you have taken has 
to culminate then the current gross margin may not look like and it will improve from here 
on? 
Venkat Shankar: 
So Nitin, what I am saying essentially is that obviously now the pricing at an exit standpoint 
is at the highest because we have been ramping up our pricing to the consumers, right? Now 
obviously we would like to hold that as far as possible. On the procurement side we expect 
that the milk prices will moderate through H2 on an average by about 7% over Q2, based on 
the fact that already there has been a moderation of about 3-4%, and we expect further 
moderation post-Diwali. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Okay. I think you will need some kind of price hike or moderation to happen for gross 
margin to improve from here on. The second question is now on the cost levers since you 
got some time to spend in last 3-4 months, what are the cost levers you are looking at or 
which are those cost levers, are they largely in the back-end procurement front or on the 
front end, if you can help us understand this because in last 5 years this company has done 
phenomenal in terms of gross margin expansion, going from 25% to 31%, now it is coming 
down to 25%, but in that journey of 25% to 31%, the EBITDA margin never went that way. 
So there is some kind of cost which is sitting in the system have you been able to 
understand or target those costs? 
Venkat Shankar: 
So, Nitin, like I mentioned in my opening address, I do feel that for a growth-oriented 
company that there potentially could be areas of efficiency and that is why I had even 
mentioned that point on productivity. However, like I said there, I do not want to jump the 
gun without specifics. We are looking at a complete end-to-end scan of the entire cost 
structure of the company and I am looking at not necessarily just the cost, I am also looking 
at aspects which tend to sit on the balance sheet. So everything from, say, packaging 
material to our inventories is under the scanner for opportunities. I would only request you 
all to just hold for probably another quarter or so when we come out with next guidance 
when I plan to give out a target and kind of a roadmap towards what kind of productivity 
we are going to be targeting. 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Nitin Gosar: 
Got it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kumar from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shailesh Kumar: 
I have a couple of questions. First thing is what has been the dynamics in Liquid Milk space 
that our Liquid Milk sales has gone down sequentially from Rs.113 crore to Rs.98 crore. 
Secondly, I do appreciate your payables problem that has gone down because of tight 
supply, but why has the receivables further deteriorated, what is there in this, these two 
things I want to understand? 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
Yes. So in terms of Liquid Milk, our overall business has gone up and as a percentage of the 
total pie also it has improved to 19% as of now and that is because of addition of the Delhi 
market in Liquid Milk, which was started in the later part of last year so that is showing up 
in terms of growth. So Liquid Milk has definitely improved in terms of overall 
performance. 
Shailesh Kumar: 
If I look at your quarterly numbers in Q1 FY2020 your Liquid Milk sales was around 
Rs.114 crore and if I do the calculation Q2 FY2020 is at Rs.98 crore so I was at loss to 
reconcile these two numbers. 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
No, it is not Rs.98 crore. We have given in terms of percentages in the presentation and 
there it says 19% of the total business of Rs. 640 crore, so it is around Rs.120 crore in terms 
of numbers. 
Shailesh Kumar: 
And then this receivable thing? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
On the payable side, I covered in my speech also that there is a constraint on the milk side 
so we have made some fast payment to the suppliers to maintain continued supply 
irrespective of the increase of other purchase, but our creditors reduced by Rs.10 crore. For 
the debtor side, due to the festival season, we have allowed some additional credit days, 
mainly in general trade business segment so the debtors in absolute number has increased, 
but if you see in the days-wise then it is in the same line of 42-43 days. 
Shailesh Kumar: 
So Shashi, by the end of the year where do you see these receivable days to stabilize? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
We are expecting somewhere in the same range, 40 to 42 days. 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from 
Kotak Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Is it possible to know what is the outstanding balance of PSI, milk subsidy and advances as 
on September 19, 2019? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
PSI subsidy balance is somewhere Rs.52 crore for the PSI subsidy. In March 2019, the PSI 
subsidy was Rs.47crore and for this H1 we have accrued another Rs.11 crore, so the total 
outstanding is Rs.58 crore, out of which we have received Rs.5.6 crore. The net receivable 
is Rs. 52 crores is pending with the government. For the milk subsidy, which is Rs. 37 crore 
for the March 2019 and for the April we have accrued another Rs.6 crore. Overall, Rs. 43 
crore is outstanding for the milk subsidy out of that we have received Rs.22 crore. Now Rs. 
21 crore is pending with the government for the milk subsidy. Advances, we had around 
Rs.73 crore advances in March, and we are in the same line in H1, balance advance is 
around Rs.75 crore. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
What has been the marketing and ad spend in this quarter and what was it same quarter last 
year? 
Akshali Shah: 
So for the H1 we have spent around Rs.10 Crore and last year it was around Rs.15 crore. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And this quarter? 
Akshali Shah: 
It will be half and half, Rs.5 crore for this quarter. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Okay and same is the trend the last year also, half and half? 
Akshali Shah: 
Last year, it was Rs 3 crore. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Okay and in terms of the ESOP policy any update on that? 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
No. ESOP policy, as we have discussed, that has been approved by the AGM so now it 
would be taken up by the NRC in this next meeting and further granting, and those things 
would be decided by the NRC, so when that happens we will update you. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And lastly, Mr. Shah mentioned on the reduction on the share pledge, any timelines by 
when are you targeting to do that? 
Devendra Shah: 
In the next 3 months we would like to reduce another 20% of the outstanding loan amount. 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI 
Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
So Sir can you indicate the indicative loss due to the excess rains in Maharashtra or 
probably the floods in Maharashtra if it is possible to quantify? Also, how do you see the 
consumer sentiments playing, many FMCG companies have indicated that due to the 
weaker consumer sentiments or there has been a relatively lower sales growth so do you see 
any such issue over there and what was the volume growth? Assuming 7-7.5% as 
annualized price hike, can we say the volume growth was somewhere around 4-5%.? 
Venkat Shankar: 
Yes. So, let me first take the demand part of your question, Aniruddha. So, first thing is that 
you know when we discussed in Q1 I said that we had not quite seen any real slowdown. 
Now, if you look at a lot of the signals that are being put out on the slowdown you would 
see that a bulk of it is skewed towards commentary on the situation in rural markets. Now 
the fact is that our business has far lower reliance on rural markets compared to many of the 
very widely distributed FMCGs – that’s perhaps one reason. The second, of course, could 
be more to do with dairy as an industry being a lot more in terms of essentials and so on and 
therefore not suffering so we really did not see much of that. In fact, in Q2, unfortunately, I 
do not think we were able to test the demand fully because we were not quite able to supply 
what we wanted to supply - there with availability issues of raw milk and therefore I would 
actually say we probably fell short in catering to the demand that our products had in the 
market in Q2. Very tough to quantify what could have been the loss you know when there is 
a shortage, there is obviously a very exaggerated sense of what the shortage could be, but 
my very rough guess would be somewhere between 3% to 5% on the full quarter numbers 
could have been the shortage, but that is a very, very rough estimate. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay and volume growth for the quarter? 
Venkat Shankar: 
So volume growth for this particular quarter was around 2%; however, we had pricing 
growth close to about 10% and as we have said we have taken a fair amount of price 
increases so that is really how we had about 12% overall revenue for the quarter. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. So one last question. So you indicated that you had around 3.5 lakh retail outlets 
right now so can you indicate the same number exactly one year ago and where do you look 
at the number maybe one year or two years down the line? 
Venkat Shankar: 
You know what I recall is that I think we were at about a 2.5 lakh number somewhere 
around first quarter of FY2019, and we have been somewhere around the 3.5-3.7 lakh mark 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 14 of 21 
for some time now and like you said we will probably stay there for a bit of time before we 
consolidate. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Raj Koradia from Edelweiss 
Broking Limited. 
Shradha Sheth: 
This is Shradha from Edelweiss. Three questions, as you said working capital has gone up 
by 3 days mainly because of the extended credit due to the festive season so how are we 
looking at the year end, how are we looking at consolidating the working capital as you also 
said in your commentary we will be consolidating this? Secondly, I wanted to understand, 
you said because of the higher cash requirement, the debt, which is around Rs.211 crore can 
go up. If you could just spell out what will be your capex plan for the year and maybe the 
next year and hence what could be the indicative debt position and just lastly, the subsidy 
received, both PSI and milk subsidy, if you can just, again, please repeat the numbers, both 
orders received and what is outstanding? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
Shradha, about the working capital, I have just mentioned in my earlier answer due to the 
festive season our working capital cycle has increased by 3 days. If you see, the creditor has 
decreased by Rs.10 crore. Due to the festival season we are keeping more inventory in form 
of butter and ghee. For the debtors, we have given some additional credit mainly in general 
trade business, so we are working on the same, and we are looking some improvement in 
terms of the working capital days. 
Shradha Sheth: 
Sir will it be at similar levels or what is the kind of improvement we are looking at? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
If you see for the full year number, then it will be in the same range of 65 to 68 days for the 
full year basis. 
Shradha Sheth: 
Okay and hence what is the kind of cash flow we will be looking at for the full year because 
first half we did see deterioration in the operating cash flow so in case you can give some 
color? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
If you see the cash flow for the H1, we have operating cash flow of Rs.50 crore after paying 
the tax and the free cash flow is Rs.33 crore and we are expecting the cash flow will be in 
the same range. Operating cash flow, somewhere Rs.130-140 crore and the free cash flow 
somewhere Rs.60-65 crore. 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Shradha Sheth: 
Okay, fair enough and just on the debt you have said there could be some increased debt 
because of the higher cash requirement so if you can give some color what will be the 
increased requirement? 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
As he mentioned in his speech, that is a temporary requirement because of some receivables 
pending with the government as well as increased milk prices and therefore some 
requirements. That is more a temporary cash flow situation where we are looking at 
enhancing our sensor limits and growing as and when required. On the second part, capex 
we had earlier discussed that with the current capacities we are good to go till a topline of 
roughly Rs. 3,200 - 3,300 crore and beyond that whatever further capacity requirement we 
are working on that. Maybe over the next 4-5 months, we will have a much clearer picture 
in that regard. 
Shradha Sheth: 
Yes, that is helpful and just lastly if you can please repeat the PSI and the milk subsidy, 
what is received and what is outstanding? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
In March, PSI subsidy was outstanding of Rs.47 crore and for this H1 we have accrued 
another Rs.11 crore. Out of that we have received Rs. 5.6 crore in H1 FY20 and for the milk 
subsidy in March outstanding was Rs.37 crore and we have accrued another Rs.6 crore for 
April. Out of that we have received Rs.22 crore. Now outstanding is Rs.21 crore for the 
milk subsidy. 
Shradha Sheth: 
And outstanding for PSI is? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
Rs.52 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from 
Ashmore. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Thanks for the opening comments Venkat and obviously a very challenging time, but just 
looking a little bit into the details. We have seen some deterioration in the profitability of 
Bhagyalaxmi Farms as well that is what I can sort of make out between the consolidated 
and the standalone. What happened there any comments? 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
Yes. So that, obviously, was related to unavailability of feed and therefore a subsequent 
increase in prices of fodder, which has led to some depression there. So what farmers have 
suffered we have also suffered equally. 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay. And for Shashikant, even if I look at your other expense line, which has gone down 
from Rs.95 crore to Rs.83 crore, is it all on account of provisions, which you had made 
against PSI receivables last year or is that on account of some other savings, what is driving 
that decline in other expenses? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
Mainly, it is led by the PSI, which was in last H1. The other one is the provision for 
doubtful debts. In last H1 we have provided Rs.10 crore and for this H1 it is Rs.4 crore, a 
reduction of Rs.6 crore provision amount. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay and when you look at your PSI and your milk subsidy numbers, how are you sort of 
testing them for veracity in the sense that, is there a possibility that some of these numbers 
may need to be provided for as we go along? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
No. Our PSI subsidy, if I am giving the bifurcation. For FY2010-11 to FY2016-17, our 
outstanding amount with the government is Rs.8.72 crore, for which we have received the 
provisional sanction from the government, and we are expecting to get this amount before 
the end of this month. For FY2017-18, outstanding with the government is Rs.11.83 crore 
and for FY2018-19 it is Rs. 21 crore. We have already filed these claims with the 
government and we are expecting to get the filled amount from the government. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And Maharashtra milk subsidy that should get paid off this quarter. Correct? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
Yes. We are expecting to receive the same before December end. 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
It basically got delayed because of elections and other things. So now it should be 
regularized. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
So circling back to that comment that Shashikant made in his opening remarks that the debt 
might go up. If I think about it, second half, your cash flows will be strong. You do not 
have much capex, you will see some receivable coming down on account of this milk 
subsidy as well. PSI should remain stable. Then debt should come down. Why should it go 
up I am not able to understand the arithmetic? 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
Yes, that you rightly said that may come down by end of Q4 also, but this is a requirement, 
which is for today and today as Shashikant has mentioned we have roughly Rs.70 crore 
outstanding with the government and with the increased milk price as well as the quantum 
of milk that we are looking to increase there is roughly Rs.70-80 crore kind of further cash 
flow that is required to flow back to the farmers to get that quantity of milk and therefore to 
meet this immediate requirement we may look at a few avenues. 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay, okay. So that is good. So one sort of a bigger question is that second half of the 
financial year usually is somewhat softer because that is the time when you have surplus 
milk and you end up with a lot of raw milk surplus, which gets converted into powder and 
so on and so forth. So looking at those complications ahead of you while milk prices will 
soften, is there a risk that the revised guidance that we have put out might still be at risk 
because the second half usually or especially the fourth quarter is a weaker quarter? 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
No. So typically, Ashwini, what has happened in our case was that Q4, for us, for last year 
was quite big, much heavier than the normal pattern, and that was led by export subsidies, 
and we exported to get benefit out of that. So based on that, this quarter would be more 
normalized in nature, and that is how we have revised our guidance and are looking at 
roughly 10-12% growth in H2 as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
My congratulations and thanks to Mr. Shankar for explaining so well about the thought 
process and strategic change he is thinking about. Sir my question to you is, we are also 
having some products, which is maybe of a very small size, like rasgulla and gulab jamun, 
and we are also selling milk in Singapore what is your thought process, is this a strategy to 
follow and expand on these terms or should we focus more on this cheese, ghee and butter 
in domestic market? 
Venkat Shankar: 
So yes, thanks for allowing me to expand a little more on what I said in my opening 
address. I think we need to see some of these initiatives for what they are. Some of these 
things that we do, at times, are driven by certain opportunistic kind of situations that we see, 
and we do not necessarily need to read much of a strategy into it. So, Singapore Pride of 
Cows was something, which was an opportunistic kind of a thing that came up and we 
obviously seized that opportunity. However, there is no massive strategy to go outside India 
or even go too wide within India and increasingly as I said we will be focusing on our core 
categories and while we will continue to drive categories that we are present in, we have 
made some investments, our salesmen carry these products in certain outlets. Some of these 
niche products allow us entry, etc., but I can very safely say that most of our efforts and 
resources will be in driving our core, which will be cheese, ghee and paneer. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, one more thing is, since long, we were requesting for the clarification which you have 
given in this call by CFO, Mr. Shirish and Mr. Venkat. I think this was what expected from 
the management and really we thank you for doing this, and hope will continue to explain 
all the numbers, whether it is the government receivables and PSI and all these things. Just 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 18 of 21 
last one thing I wanted to know is last year, we have written off roughly Rs.53 crore, totally 
bad debt, provisions and everything. What type of provisioning or some numbers if you can 
say with us whatever of write-offs will require during this year? 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
In last year, there was a new method for the calculating provision amount, which is called 
ECL, Expected Cash Loss method, in that method we are bifurcating our debtors in 
different buckets and if there is a delay by one party in one bucket, it will lead to additional 
provisions within all the buckets. That is why our provision amount was increased, but if 
you see the H1 number for this year, there is a provision amount is Rs.4.4 crore, and we are 
expecting within the same line will remain for the full year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Manoj Bahety from Carnelian 
Capital Advisors. 
Manoj Bahety: 
A couple of questions. First one is, just wanted to understand like if we have to improve 
ROC’s from here, I think one of the things which is required to bring down the elevated 
working capital, particularly inventories, trade receivables as well as other current assets, 
which we have like milk advances. So just wanted to understand what is the thought process 
behind that, like whether in this business, can you bring down the working capital cycle 
from these levels or we have to live with the current level of working capital? 
Venkat Shankar: 
Manoj, thanks for the question. See, at this point, it is pretty obvious that we have been 
somewhere around the 65 to 70 number of days working capital over a period of time, 
roughly, plus/minus. So the business has been obviously growing, and we have been 
moving things forward, but like I said during my address we are taking kind of an end-to-
end look across the board in terms of our different elements of our working capital and we 
will definitely have a roadmap, which will make it very clear that this is the kind of number 
we should be targeting in the medium term and what are the milestones towards that. I 
would request all of you to just wait for our next briefing on the guidance for the next few 
years along with our working capital roadmap and the capex roadmap that Shirish also 
alluded to. So I think we should be in a position to put that out in probably Q4. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Right. But this 65 days it includes like elevated level of trade payables also and I think in 
Milk business can we have a sustainable number of these kind of trade payables just wanted 
to understand what is the nature of these trade payables, which is almost Rs.300 crore and if 
I see as a percentage of milk procured, it is almost, I think 50 to 60 days kind of trade 
payables are there right? 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Shashikant Dalmia: 
If you see the creditor days, it is somewhere around 39 days, but if you see the absolute 
number, it is Rs.287 crore, which is including packing material, transportation, 
advertisement and the provision amount, which is not for the milk creditors only. If you see 
for the milk creditors, creditor days in the range of 20 to 25 days. 
Manoj Bahety: 
And finally, last question. Just wanted to understand, like, it is almost 1.5-2 years since we 
have launched Avvatar and then we have like added various variants of Avvatar and Venkat 
you mentioned like your focus will be mainly on cheese, ghee and paneer and Avvatar was 
missing in that. So is there any like push back which we are getting on Avvatar scaling up 
vis-à-vis the global brands? 
Venkat Shankar: 
So Manoj, I must thank you for giving me the chance to kind of just layer that on. So 
obviously I was trying to signal that when we look at our entire portfolio towards the 
consumer in terms of general dairy, it will all be very Go and Gowardhan specific. I did 
mention that the Health and Nutrition portfolio is a space that we have tremendous amount 
of belief in terms of potential and our right to succeed. Avvatar is one leg of that. We have 
launched products, like Go Protein Power, etc., and I think this is a space where we are 
going to constantly keep tweaking our next steps and our strategy. I also think that this is a 
space that will be reasonably resource-intensive in the first few years to build these brands, 
and that is the kind of commitment that we are already bringing into Avvatar. It is just that 
it is a different business model. It is neither FMCG nor is it dairy, it has a different go-to-
market and therefore we treat it like a different business, pretty much like a Pride of Cows, 
etc., but Avvatar is an area where we are putting a lot of resources and efforts on and like I 
mentioned, I think we are seeing validation in the kind of growths, where Avvatar business 
is almost kind of expected to double in FY2020. So very much in focus, very much being 
resourced. It is just that in terms of relative size, it is smaller than the rest of it, but this is a 
space where we think that there is a lot more headroom to grow. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Thanks for giving the detailed explanation. Just one follow-up on payables. Shirish 
mentioned that 37 days is the payable to us on milk, but whether farmers will wait that long 
for getting their milk payment I understand like you might have to make payment next day 
or next to next day for direct milk procurement, right? 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
No. So Manoj, let me, again, clarify what Shashikant was trying to explain. It was that 37 
days is the total payable cycle and the quantum of payable involves a lot of things apart 
from milk. So as far as milk is concerned, there the cycle is roughly around 20 days. Apart 
from milk suppliers or farmers, we also have other suppliers, be it suppliers in terms of 
services, or packaging material, ingredients and other things and for those kind of suppliers, 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 20 of 21 
the payment terms are bit higher and it ranges anywhere up to around 90 days and so on a 
total consolidated basis, it comes to roughly around 37 days. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Thanks for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from India 
Infoline. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, my first question is on the capex. Since the last 2 years, we have been saying that there 
is enough capacity, and we do not need to do much of capex and you today also mentioned 
Rs. 3,200 crore, which probably will take 1 or 2 years more to achieve so if I look last 2 
years, plus next 2 years, and each year, you have been doing about Rs.80 crore of capex so 
over that 4-5-year period, we will do in excess of Rs.300 crore capex so just some rough 
idea as to where that Rs.300 crore is going? 
Shirish Upadhyay: 
Yes. So Percy, whatever capex that we are doing, we have clarified earlier that roughly 2% 
to 2.5% of the business is our requirement in terms of maintenance capex. That is more 
maintenance in nature, it is not new capex, expansions of capacities on newer lines that we 
are talking about. We need to appreciate the fact that we are in food business, milk business, 
and therefore, upkeep of the equipment, their life and their regular maintenance, change-
over parts, all those things are much higher and therefore, maintenance capex looks a bit 
higher if you may be comparing with any other traditional industry. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay, understood. Secondly, this price hike that we have taken in Q2, the price hike is like 
almost 12% so just wanted to understand. Two parts to this question, one is the underlying 
input cost inflation of 23% that itself seems to be quite high. Is this only a Maharashtra 
phenomenon or do you see this in many other parts of the country and secondly, this 12% 
increase, how has it been spread I am assuming that this is MRP increases, and also, 
withdrawal of trade promos, etc., both put together would come to 12%. So if you can give 
me any idea of how this is split across this 12%, one is across different product categories, 
and second is between what is the split between MRP increase and trade promotion 
withdrawal? 
Venkat Shankar: 
So you are right, Percy. It is a combination of MRP and spends before the NR level. It is a 
little tough, but my estimate would be about 80%, 85% of this would have been largely 
from MRP increases and probably about 10% to 15% would have come from trade spend 
reductions. Coming to your first question on the pricing, yes, Maharashtra saw this 23% 
increase, but this year specifically milk prices have been fairly challenged across the 
country, whether it is North where it spiked up in Q1 and early parts of Q2 where there is 

 
 
 
           Parag Milk Foods Limited 
October 24, 2019 
 
Page 21 of 21 
some moderation, but even markets like South where players, cooperatives like Aavin took 
a one-shot Rs.5 price increase overnight after 5 years that is the kind of price shocks that 
this industry has seen, which is really a little unprecedented. Therefore, I would clearly say 
the last 2 quarters have been a little not-so-normal from that sense. In short, yes, I think this 
is a price fluctuation and volatility, which we have experienced throughout the country, not 
just Maharashtra. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. And lastly, so on promoter pledges, can you give some clarity on what will be the 
source of funds for reducing these pledges and payment of debt? 
Devendra Shah: 
It is my own funds and I am managing from my own funds only. 
Percy Panthaki: 
That is it from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints that was the last 
question. I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Natasha Kedia: 
Thank you everyone for being on the call. If there are any followup questions, please feel 
free to reach out to me or our Investor Relation advisors, SGA. You can also refer to our 
company website and the stock exchanges for our investor presentation. Thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Parag Milk Foods Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
