November 25, 2019 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Sandra Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Subject: Financial Results Conference Call Transcript for Q2 & H1 FY20
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Financial Results Conference Call Transcript of 
the Company for Q2 & H1 FY20. 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Dr. Lal Pa Labs Limited
\l ~rl 
Ra't 
Company Secretary and Legal
Encl: As above 
Regd. Office: Dr. Lal PdlhLabs Ltd. s; .. .-1, E. Sertnr-18, R,·,1 ,i111, New Delhi - 110(.JS. 
+91-11-302'.;J,:,oo. Fax: +91-11-2783-2134 
Corporate Office: Dr. Lal PdlhLabs Ltd. 12th Fk••Å Tower B. SAS ToweÆ M,..1,cily, SÇrtnr-3B. Gurugram - 122 001. Haryana 
+91-124-3016-5"0. Fax: +91-124-4234-4È:J 
E-mail: laipall1iahs:I•i<1Jr,Ét1,iabs com. Web: www.1a1rathiabs com. CIN No.: L74YiiOLl9?:;PLC06S:;ca 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18  
 
Dr. Lal PathLabs 
Q2 & H1 FY’20 Results Conference Call 
November 08, 2019 
Call Duration 
 
1 hour 08 minutes 
 
Management Speakers 
 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – Chairman & Managing Director  
 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Whole-time Director and CEO  
 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Bharath Uppiliappan - Chief Executive Officer (India Business) 
 
Mr. Rajat Kalra - Company Secretary & Head of Investor Relations  
 
Participants who asked 
questions 
 
 
Chandramouli Mauli from Goldman Sachs 
 
Saiprasad Prabhu from Bajaj Capital 
 
Sriraam Rathi from ICICI Securities 
 
Pritesh Chhedda from Lucky Investment Managers 
 
Prashant Nair from Citibank 
 
Keshav Lahoti from Angel Broking 
 
Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers 
 
Nitin Agarwal from IDFC Securities 
 
Sumit Chandwani from Daiwa Asset Management 
 
J. Madhavi from Narnolia Financial Advisors 
 
Neha Manpuria from JP Morgan 
 
Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital 
 
Manish Poddar from Nippon India 
 
Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Asset Management 
 
Anuj Sehgal from Manas Capital 
 
Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley 
 
Ankit Jha from Stock Access 
 
Saurabh Jain from SSJ Finance 
 
Aman Sharma an Individual Investor 
 
Nirmal Gopi from IDFC Securities 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 & H1 FY‟20 Earnings 
Conference Call of Dr. Lal PathLabs. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing „*‟ then „0‟ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki of CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs 
Q2 and H1 FY„20 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us today are Hony. Brig. 
Dr. Arvind Lal -- Chairman and Managing Director; Dr. Om Prakash 
Manchanda -- Whole Time Director and CEO; and Mr. Ved Prakash Goel -- 
CFO. We also have with us, Mr. Bharath – CEO, India Business; and Mr. Rajat 
Kalra -- Company Secretary and Head of Investor Relations. 
 
Before we begin the call, I would like to highlight that some of the statements 
made on the call today to be forward-looking in nature. Actual results may vary 
from these statements. A detailed disclosure in this regard is available in the 
„results presentation‟ which was shared earlier. 
 
I would now like to request Dr. Arvind Lal to share his perspectives with you. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Good evening to everyone on the call today. I am pleased to share my views 
on the performance of the company and the road ahead. We have continued to 
deliver strong performance quarter-after-quarter backed by a proven hub-and-
spoke business model and emphasis on driving quality to attain scale. This has 
made us the leading diagnostic player in the country and I am glad that we 
have further strengthened our leadership position in this space. Higher patient 
volumes and sample growth is a testament to our positive growth momentum 
and we remain on track to make further inroads on this to focus on accurate 
and affordable diagnostic services with emphasis on expanding the test menu 
and geographical presence. 
 
Overall, I believe that the future of diagnostic industry looks to be bright in 
India, and there are ample growth opportunities available for a national level 
player like us which enjoy customers trust through long track record of accurate 
test and decades of experience in diagnostics. The positive shift in market 
share from the unorganized to organized, more technology in healthcare, 
government policies like Ayushman Bharat -- Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya 
Yojana and the rising awareness regarding diagnostics as an important first 
step in treating diseases in tier-2 and tier-3 cities will benefit the industry, at 
large including Dr. Lal PathLabs. 
 
Further, I am pleased to share with you that the board of directors of the 
company have approved an interim dividend of 60%, i.e., Rs.6 per share to the 
equity shareholders of the company. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over to Om to share his thoughts and update on 
the operational performance. 
Om P Manchanda: 
Thank you, Dr. Lal. I am pleased to announce another quarter of healthy 
operating results for the company. To share quick highlights for the company, 
revenue for the quarter was Rs.365.6 crore, an increase of 15.1% YoY; for the 
half year, revenue stood at Rs.700.8 crore, up by 14.9% compared to first half 
FY„19. In Q2 FY„20, the patients served on a visit basis is at about 5.3 million, 

 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
growth of 12.1% and for first half FY „20, patients served is at 10.2 million, 
growth of 13.9%. Tests per patients have gone up to 2.45 in the quarter as 
compared to 2.34 in the same quarter last year. As we strive to broaden our 
presence, the contribution from rest of India has been increasing and it now 
stands at 59%. The growth of rest of India regions in Q2 FY‟20 is at 20.2%. Our 
focus is on driving our top line growth through volumes organically as our 
network expands. 
 
One factor that I wish to highlight is that the contribution from our network has 
been improving at robust rate. This is crucial to capitalizing on operating 
leverage in our system. 
 
Our bundle package test “Swasthfit” continues to gain popularity with our 
patients and its contribution now has increased to 15% of our overall revenue. 
Our growth strategy is to strike a healthy balance between penetrating deeper 
into existing markets and expanding into newer markets especially in West 
region. The country is underserved by quality and trustworthy diagnostics 
service provider. We would like to be known as the leader in adoption of best 
practices in the large unorganized space. Our approach to growth remains 
measured as reflected by strategic smaller acquisitions that we have 
completed. These are essentially partnership with trustworthy local brands and 
doctors who are very closely aligned in ethos as well as in values. 
 
On our broader plan, we continue to evaluate meaningful opportunities to add 
capabilities at regional level by way of inorganic means, again our approach is 
very prudent and well deliberated. 
 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks and would request Ved to give an 
Update on the Financial Performance.” 
Ved P Goel: 
Thank you, Om. Good evening, everyone and thank you for your participation 
on this call. I would now share with you some of the important financial 
highlights. Revenue for Q2 FY„20 is at Rs.365.6 crore as compared to 
Rs.317.5 crore last year same quarter, a growth of 15.1%. Revenue realization 
per patient for Q2 FY„20 is at Rs.687 as against Rs.669 for Q2 FY„19. 
Normalized EBITDA after eliminating the impact of stock-based compensation, 
CSR expense and impact of IND AS 116 in Q2 FY‟20 stood at Rs.104.7 crore 
as compared to Rs.90.5 crore reported in Q2 FY‟19, a growth of 15.7%. 
Normalized EBITDA margin for Q2 FY„20 is 28.6%. PBT for Q2 FY‟20 is at 
Rs.102.3 crore as against Rs.88.1 crore in Q2 FY‟19, a growth of 16.1%. 
 
The company has exercised the option under Sec. 115BAA of the Income Tax 
Act as introduced by the Taxation Law Amendment Ordinance 2019. The 
company has re-measured income tax and deferred tax provisions for six 
months ended September 30, 2019. The applicable income tax rate is now 
reduced to 25.17% from 34.94% earlier. We have recognized the impact of this 
change in the results for Q2 FY„20. Accordingly, PAT for Q2 FY‟20 is at Rs.81 
crore as against Rs.57.3 crore in Q2 FY‟19, a growth of 41.4%. 
 
Cash, FDs and investment in mutual funds as at the end of Q2 FY‟20 is at 
Rs.782 crore. EPS Basic for Q2 FY‟20 is Rs.9.77 per share versus Rs.6.91 in 
the same quarter last year. 
 
Further, as you all are aware that the company‟s wholly-owned subsidiary 
PathLabs Unifiers Private Limited has signed a binding term sheet to acquire 
70% stake in APRL PathLabs Private Limited which has acquired the business 

 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
of m/s Amins Pathology. This acquisition would help us to further strengthen 
our presence in the state of Gujarat. 
 
That brings me to the conclusion of my opening remarks, and I would now 
invite the moderator to open the forum for question-and-answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman 
Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
First question is on the patient volume growth; you reported 12.1% for this 
quarter. I understand last year the patient volume base might have been little 
higher for some of the promotional schemes you rolled out in East India. So, if 
you remove that from the previous year base, what would be your patient 
volume growth for this quarter? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
This is Bharath here. Our patient growth rate would expand by another 120 
basis points. 
Om P Manchanda: 
It has been about 13.2%, if you have adjusted for the BTL activity that we have 
done. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Second question is just on guidance. You‟ve made three acquisitions so far this 
calendar year. And if I just do some rough math and if we were to assume that 
these acquisitions were to contribute in the back half of the year, it looks like 
benefit of about 50 basis points to 1% added to the overall growth. Just relating 
to your guidance of 14%-15% top-line growth, would this be in addition to the 
original guidance made at the end of the previous fiscal year? 
Om P Manchanda: 
We actually do not want to really give guidance for the year. In fact, last 
quarter. I mentioned that we really do not want to put a figure around what we 
will do at the year-end, but as our strategy has been some of these smaller 
acquisitions are part of normal day-to-day sort of business that we do. So, 
unless there is very large acquisition, there is not going to be material impact 
the way we are looking at the market. But, however, on a long-term basis, we 
believe that we should be in this range let us say two to three years 
perspective. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Just related to this. Ved, you mentioned about the tax rate coming down to 
25.17%. Is that the full year tax rate that we need to assume for FY‟20? 
Ved P Goel: 
25.17% is the effective rate for the full year. So, whatever the first quarter 
impact was we have are already incorporated in this quarter. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Just last question is on the other expenses. So if I look at your other expenses, 
it looks like it has been sort of flat Q-o-Q while revenues have grown 9% Q-o-
Q. In the last two years, I do not think you have been able to control other 
expenses. So just trying to understand how you have been able to control other 
expenses this quarter? 
Ved P Goel: 
So last year, we had some extra expenses due to marketing  for BTL kind of 
activities, this year it was comparatively  low. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saiprasad Prabhu from Bajaj 
Capital. Please go ahead 

 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Saiprasad Prabhu: 
If I understand from your opening remarks you said that your leadership 
position is on three factors; one is on network; one is your best practices and 
lastly the brand building exercise. So in terms of the best practices, can you 
highlight two or three key features which are the best practices that we follow 
versus our peers or the standalone centers? 
Om P Manchanda: 
It is not a comparison from peer group I would say, but some of the practices 
that we actually follow is that we focus on three key areas -- One is the quality; 
and second is service; and third is making sure that our price value equation is 
competitive. So, on the quality front, many of our labs are CAP-accredited as 
well as NABL accredited. So there is a very-very sharp focus on quality and 
very sharp focus on service side of it. We are investing a lot behind technology 
so that patient can download their report on the net or on the move or through 
our app, they can book online, pay online. So there is a lot of investment going 
in the area of technology, at the same time, we actually try to leverage scale as 
much as possible so that our price value equation remains competitive. 
Saiprasad Prabhu: 
In terms of accuracy of your results, like what sets us apart from standalone or 
local diagnostic companies, like what are the recent parameters if you can 
highlight? 
Om P Manchanda: 
I think at a broad level of this call there are two or three things which are very 
important because many of these labs have similar sort of equipment because 
most companies supply to all labs. But, what really makes the difference is 
good quality lab versus not-so-good quality lab is control and calibration. 
Calibration for every machine has to be done on a daily basis. That is where I 
would say that some of the smaller labs may cut corners and may not do 
calibration on daily basis. That may lead to fluctuation in the results. I think that 
is a very important area. How we monitor that is by running controls at regular 
intervals. As per the protocol, we also do lot of proficiency testing where the 
counter sample is checked at some other locations. That is how we establish 
quality. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sriraam Rathi from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
Firstly, what was the contribution of Northern region this quarter and how would 
have that grown in the quarter? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Contribution from Northern region, I think we have basically started making a 
sort of a split between Delhi NCR and rest of India rather than North as a 
region. So, our rest of India contribution has gone up to 59% compared to 57% 
last year same quarter. So essentially, this is a point we have been consistently 
mentioning, that while if we grow good in Delhi NCR, it is a bonus, but we want 
to make sure that our company is not standing on one leg and happy to share 
that we continue to do very well in rest of India market. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
Secondly, from the last two, three quarters, we are noticing that the realization 
per sample per patient has been quite stable. So does that mean that the 
declining situation is over now behind us, and probably there could be a 
possibility of some growth on the realization also? 
Om P Manchanda: 
I personally would not bank on this area. This depends on multiple variables. 
Of course, the contribution of rest of India does make a big difference. Mix 
between B2C versus B2B also makes a big difference. Contribution of 
Swasthfit versus non-Swasthfit makes difference. But overall I would say that 
our business really has to do with volumes than realization per patient. So give 

 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
and take, here and there some quarters you will see fluctuation if the low value 
tests are lower, that is why you see this value going up and down. But, 
personally if you ask me on a long-term basis, I really would not see that very 
high improvement on revenue per patient. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
Lastly, more from the broader perspective that there have been a lot of talks 
which keep on happening on the possibility of price cap from the government. 
But just wanted to take your assessment, what would be your view on that 
because there are also multiple labs which are available which offer lower cost 
test, because this creates a lot of uncertainty from the future growth 
perspective of the company like Dr. Lal, so that is why I just wanted to get your 
view on that? 
Om P Manchanda: 
We do not have any fresh information to share because what I shared last time 
is what we gather from the media. Now, as far as the pricing is concerned, I 
keep repeatedly saying that this is that part of value chain where quality is 
more important than the price. Overall, contribution of diagnostic in the 
healthcare cost is not more than 5%. So I think on this area, one should focus 
on quality because if you get this wrong, downstream costs or implication on 
somebody‟s life can be much higher, and market forces in this space is so 
much that it is highly competitive space. Already, if you adjust for inflation, 
actually prices are going down over a period of time. So, I would say that need 
of the hour is to really look at the quality aspect around price; however, any 
move from policymaker is concerned, we do not have any fresh update. As far 
as the risk is concerned, that continues to remain as it was before. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
Anything you are hearing from the regulation perspective basically to regulate 
laboratories and all? 
Om P Manchanda: 
There is some amount of regulation already in place because Clinical 
Establishment Act that exists, many of the states have now started adopting it, 
and you require a license for a lab which is in some ways, ensuring that some 
bit of regulation has already started falling in place in many states. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chhedda from Lucky 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
Sir, I didn‟t understand your comments on the flat cost that we have seen in the 
first half and what is the outlook there and I see a bit of seasonality in your 
business in the second half. So, if you could comment because also the other 
part here is, should we take this 26%-27% margin as a representative for full 
year or your second half has seasonality and the operating leverage for Q2? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Second half generally is lower than the first half. As we said that we do not 
want to exactly comment on the year outlook. But if you look at last few years 
trends, second half generally tends to be lower, and overall margin also if you 
study for the last 16-17quarters, you will notice that second half margins are 
also slightly lower than the first half. So, I think one can apply that and figure it 
out as to how it is. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
And usually what should be the cost base rise for you for 14%-15% top line 
growth which has 12%-13% patient growth? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So, as we have been saying that we want to make sure that entire growth in 
the company is aligned with the volume growth. So our cost structure should 
ensure that whatever normal increase is there and also whatever growth is 

 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
there comes from expansion. So I actually would say that it should be in line 
with what we do in volume. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
Expense growth should be in line with volume? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
And lastly, on your expansion side, so what is our capital expenditure, and 
usually what kind of expansions do we take in terms of reach or touch points, 
etc., which itself brings you the growth? 
Ved P Goel: 
So, we generally have Rs.30 crore-Rs.40 crore kind of maintenance Capex, 
unless and until we do some any mega project. So this is how we are looking 
at it this year or the next couple of years, about Rs.40-50 crore of Capex. 
Om P Manchanda: 
And normally we split between IT and instruments and few new labs. These 
are three big areas where the capital expenditure gets consumed. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
But you do not set up distribution infra along with it or that usually is 
franchised? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Not distribution, collection infra is franchised out. So, there is no capital 
expenditure involved because whatever Capex is required, little bit is also 
incurred by the franchisee. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
What is the usual collection infra growth in terms of number of touch points or 
whichever way your metrics is captured? 
Ved P Goel: 
Our collection center infrastructure grows are about 10% to 12% a year in 
number of unit terms, but each one has a cycle of maturity. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
So that basically translates into your 12% volume growth? 
Ved P Goel: 
No, that is where the maturity curve kicks in, every unit does not give the same 
kind of curve. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
But you‟re greater than three year collection infra would be growing on the 
LTL…same-store basis, right? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Like-to-like which is nothing but same-store growth and that definitely would be 
around 9%-10%. Let us say if our value growth is close to 13%, 14%, 15%, this 
will be around 9% or 10% will be like-to-like. 
Pritesh Chhedda: 
And the balance 3% comes from expansion and touch points? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Citibank. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashant Nair: 
I had one question on the M&A that we have seen recently. You seem to have 
done a few more acquisitions in the last few quarters than you have normally 
done in the past. And not all of them have been in your traditional strong base 
like either North or East. So, is this a conscious decision to put more capital at 

 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
work and expand a bit more aggressively or is it just you have got some good 
assets all around the same time, how should we look at this? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Prashant, if you go back to our stated strategy, we have always been saying 
North and East are our core markets for organic, South and West are for 
inorganic. In South and West, we have had two focus cities which is Pune and 
Bangalore, and it is in line with that strategy that we are looking for a possible 
consolidation or M&A targets in these markets. So, there is nothing new, it is 
more in line with our stated strategy of looking at inorganic in South and West. 
Prashant Nair: 
Have you taken any price hikes this last quarter or does it continue to be 
rebalancing depending on what makes sense in this market? 
Om P Manchanda: 
I think we shared in the last quarterly call that we took some price increase in 
Delhi NCR. It is very marginal and nothing very material, but we did take some 
or I would say price rationalizing; some places, we dropped it; some places we 
took it up. But net-net, I think there was a bit of increase in the Delhi NCR, and 
we took this in the month of June-July. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from Angel 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
I just wanted to check now that with this tax cut that essentially puts more 
money in the company‟s hand which can ideally be reinvested back in the 
business. So, would you be looking at doing price cuts or something like that in 
order to take away market share from the unorganized sector, is that an 
option? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Cash is never a constraint for us as a company. So, I am not sure whether 
extra cash is going to make our life different or our strategy very different, 
because we always had cash. As far as the pricing bit is concerned, it only 
increase your paths of operating performance, in any case is not favorably 
impacted. So, we continue to look at our operations as we were looking at 
before. Unless we have some good assets, we do not want to chase something 
for the sake of chasing it just to get extra cash. So we will be very prudent in 
terms of where we invest. I think to my mind, “Does it change our strategy? No, 
answer remains. We will continue to operate as we were operating before, 
because cash was never a constraint earlier also. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
I just also wanted to check because there is a talk of consolidation which is 
going on in the industry given that we have a lot of private equity based players 
who have not really been funded for quite some time, and I am talking about 
probably some of the smaller second and regional players. So, would it be fair 
to say that at this point of time some of these smaller players‟ business would 
be coming under pressure, and at some point of time, you will have enough 
acquisition opportunities especially in your preferred market of West and 
South? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So in any case, that strategy was there before also, and we will continue to 
operate that way, but we would not unnecessarily be chasing bad assets just 
because we have extra cash. If there are good assets, we will definitely invest, 
that in any case has happened before also. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Also, given the fact that we are also acquiring a lot of scale at this point of time, 
over a period of time which will also give us some amount of additional 
competitive advantage, are you now looking at becoming a bit more aggressive 
in terms of your growth strategy, and would you be looking in terms of 

 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
becoming more aggressive in order to accelerate growth from whatever, the 
last three, four-years average of around 13%, 15% or would you be looking to 
accelerating growth further from year on? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So my response to this question would be that we will definitely be looking at 
larger geographical presence. I think in the last three years, post our listing we 
have focused quite a bit on East. While we continue to focus on East and 
North, we would want to put extra effort in other parts of the country. And I 
think, as Prashant asked this question earlier, that West region we have done a 
couple of acquisitions. So, our focus now will shift to, more to these markets to 
see how we expand our presence in non-core markets. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
The acquisition which you have done this year, what would be the total 
contribution in terms of absolute number to the top line and how much have 
you paid for them totally, for these acquisitions? 
Om P Manchanda: 
I think if you annualize it because we may not have the entire annual impact 
this year, but if you annualize it, my sense is about 1.5% contribution will be 
there for top line.  
Ved P Goel: 
We paid about Rs.49 crore. 
Om P Manchanda: 
About 70% for this. We do not have exact numbers on this. Maybe offline we 
can take this question and give you a correct answer. I do not want to guess a 
figure on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived 
Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
As a customer, if I book a test through the call center, I am charged collection 
charges. If I do it online that is waived. So why this anomaly? Pricing seems 
similar be it online or through the app. So, any thoughts on difference in 
pricing? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
We are trying to digitize as much as possible and move people to go online. So 
on the app, lot of new features like time slots, etc., so, every call which comes 
to us cost a certain sum of money and a follow up and so on. But digitizing it, 
we are able to move to relatively self-service options. It is better for the 
customer, better for us also to operate. Promotion is being run to encourage 
digital movement. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
If you could share some of the app downloads till now, some number, and are 
we trying to increase the download of apps because I think that will ensure lot 
of stickiness to our brand. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
Yes, you are absolutely right. We are focusing a lot on the digital adoption. 
However, I would be very cautious of downloads as a metric in our business. 
What we are really trying to improve upon is, of our active customers on the 
app because app download can be very different in many other industries, we 
would like to put a metric around a number of our current customers on the app 
which indicates stickiness for us. The exact number on this, I do not have it 
readily available, but we can share it to you in a different call. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
If you could also comment on the Calcutta market, what has been the trajectory 
in terms of patient volumes? And Delhi NCR any impact on the dengue 
season, positive or negative? And currently, what is happening in Delhi -- any 

 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
impact on footfalls or business because we hear and see a lot of things on the 
negative side in Delhi specifically? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Firstly, in East India, it continues to deliver good growth and on the volume 
front is 20% and value also is 19.6%, about 20%, so, that is the kind of growth 
trend. As far as Delhi NCR is concerned, this year, one has seen a healthy 
season compared to what normally one sees, and that is a trend which 
continues even now also. And this is from a perspective of vector-borne 
diseases. On air pollution, I have no comments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from IDFC 
Securities. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
This is Nitin here. Sir, just to reiterate you mentioned that for the quarter versus 
the 15% overall volume growth, 20% was in rest of India. What was the 
number for NCR? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So, our NCR growth in terms of value was about 8%. That is how our average 
came out to be 15%-odd for the quarter as a company. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
But the fact that this growth which is more sort of skewed towards the rest of 
India market has come with improvement in patient realization, and the 
common understanding is that as you are speaking about your rest of India 
market business has relatively lower realizations, how do we reconcile that? 
Om P Manchanda: 
I think last year Q2 we had a lot of promotion done and we had a lot of free 
patients and that brought down the revenue per patient, but this year that has 
gone away from the volume and suddenly we see revenue per patient going 
up. So I would not really read too much into RPP going up in rest of India. But I 
think the question is still valid that rest of India is driving our growth because 
there is a very focused effort that we are putting in, in making sure that our 
geographical footprint grows because we do realize that Delhi NCR is a smaller 
market, just about 4--5 crore population block while rest of India is huge, and 
we need to make sure that our collection center network, lab network grows in 
rest of India. And these efforts have been going on for some time. I think the 
question is that “How we are able to manage our EBITDA margin despite this 
promotion moving to much higher to rest of India?” So that is where as a 
management team we are putting a lot of effort, that entire infra we expand 
outside is productive and calibrated to the extent that we do not have adverse 
impact on EBITDA as we go forward. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Just taking a point up from there, this is a fairly commendable job that 
management has done in terms of the overheads which are there because the 
growth in overheads for the last few years especially has been fairly muted. 
And this is around the time as you mentioned rest of India business has 
meaningfully scaled up over this period of time. How do we optimize this cost 
base even going forward, I mean, will it still continue to lag the revenue growth 
as we go forward? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Our operating expenses tend to go up if you increase the lab infra. So, we are 
looking at ways and means of making it more productive and which is 
essentially we are trying to see how we take advantage of scale. So in a much 
calibrated manner, we identify markets where we drive growth, because 
spreading yourself too thin can create this issue. So, if you go line-by-line, 
there are many areas like rent, etc., we have been able to become more 
efficient. So, combination of all this put together, we are trying to manage this. 
But I think the key thing that is required to be managed by us, as the proportion 

 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
of rest of India grows, how we make sure that we do not dilute our margins, 
and that is where we continue to focus on and use scale to our advantage as 
much as possible. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Between rest of India and Delhi, is there a major difference at the gross level 
also in these two businesses segments or is there a larger, scale impact, the 
fact that you operate in Delhi in a more compact scale, that lends itself to a 
better EBITDA margin? 
Om P Manchanda: 
These two businesses slightly differ. Delhi is our are/hub, that is where we 
started which is more walk-in, there is very high footfall, and lots of facilities are 
managed by our own infra. But as we go to rest of India, that is where we start 
leveraging our franchisee network. So, lot of cost is actually borne by 
franchisee infra than on our P&L. I know B2B sounds little negative, but it is 
basically through partners that we get lot of business in rest of India. So I see 
that two different kinds of profile of businesses that we have in one company.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Chandwani from Daiwa 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Chandwani: 
You were just highlighting on the cost part of it for the rest of India. So, at what 
point of time, to benefit from the operating leverage, if you start to incur higher 
Capex or setting up of regional labs or some set up of labs in your West and 
South markets since you are not doing a lot of acquisitions and increasing the 
scale from there, so at what level do you start incurring Capex for that? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Actually, this is quite a complex calculation because we are also seeing very 
high level of automation that is coming in the space. So, one is able to actually 
manage and testing at a very high sort of capacity with very low manpower. So 
I do not have off the cuff any number to share with you, but I do not think that is 
a major challenge, but what we are seeing is that cost of processing is actually 
going down because automation is going up. And what it means is that you 
would not require a large space, you would not require large manpower and 
very high throughput machines are able to actually do testing at a very low 
cost. So that is how we are able to manage our cost structure. 
Sumit Chandwani: 
I am coming from the point of view that we started to shift the volumes from 
Delhi to East lab. So at what point of time you will look at a critical volume to 
require a regional lab in the West or South? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So I think we probably are re-looking at the way our model of East and North 
has been because these labs are close to 60,000-50,000 square feet lab. We 
are now able to manage it in much smaller space. So you may not require that 
kind of expenditure as we have seen in East going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of J. Madhavi from Narnolia 
Financial Advisors. Please go ahead. 
J Madhavi: 
So my first question is regarding the number of clinical labs, PSCs and PUPs. 
So, if you can share these numbers as on date that would be helpful? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So we do not give numbers on a quarterly basis. 200 labs we have as of March 
31, 2019 because these numbers are very dynamic. And we will now give a 
final number as of 31st March 2020. 

 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
J Madhavi: 
So as on FY„19, we had around 200 clinical labs. If you can share how much of 
these are owned labs and how many of these are franchised? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Primarily, they are all owned by us with the exception of a few franchisee labs. 
I do not know the exact number, but they are in the area of like Jammu and 
Kashmir and Ludhiana, maybe in very low single digit. But our strategy is to 
have our own labs and franchise out PSCs, and 95% PSCs would be 
franchised out. 
J Madhavi: 
As of today, how many PSCs are owned by us? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So as of today, we have 2,569 PSC‟s franchise as of 31st March 2019, and of 
that, about 90-odd are owned by us, which is a very small number. 
J Madhavi: 
How should we see the growth in the number of PSCs and PUPs say in the 
next two to three years? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So as Bharath mentioned that close to 10% to 12% growth one should see in 
these PSCs because our focus also is to see that same-store growth or 
throughput per PSC goes up and we should take advantage of scale and 
channel also. So our focus is not only just to increase the number of PSCs but 
also throughput per PSC. Just to put a number, I think about 10% is the 
number you should expect. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
We have done a couple of acquisitions in the last year. Have valuations of the 
PE players or some of these owners come down for deals, has that made it 
easier? I am asking this because a lot of PE players peg valuations to the listed 
players like yourself and others recently which would make it difficult for you to 
get attractively priced assets, right? 
Om P Manchanda: 
No, many of these acquisitions that we have done, they are not PE-funded 
players first of all.  
Neha Manpuria: 
If you are looking at slightly larger deals, like these were more standalone 
smaller labs? 
Om P Manchanda: 
If you look at last time also, I shared, there are three kinds of players: One is of 
course, large player, is in the top which are four or five, then there are city-
based players, many of them are PE-funded, and efforts is now moving to the 
bottom of the pyramid which are city-based small players, and there is a clear 
strategy of our moving to see if we can build a critical mass around Pune city, 
and as we mentioned West region. So we are not PE-funded player. So we are 
very selective in this and seeing the quality of asset rather than just acquiring 
for the sake of acquiring. 
Neha Manpuria: 
So we rather go with the standalone city-based players than the second tier? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Second tier, we are always open, but I am saying right now those deals are not 
on table. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, I had a question on your Bangalore market. You said that it is a key market 
for you. But considering there are a lot of other PE-backed players and a 
couple of other listed players, how has been the growth and what is the 
operating trend there? 
Om P Manchanda: 
We do not have city specific sort of a number right now. We can offline take 
this question, but a qualitative figure, as we mentioned, two focus cities; one in 
West and one in South, Pune continues to stay a focus city, Bangalore is also 
a focus city for us. And the reason why these two cities we‟ve picked up 
because we believe that these cities have sort of a cosmopolitan population 
where a lot of North Indians are there and brand equity is there in certain part 
of the city. And if we can build a critical mass, it will help us to expand the 
entire region of South and West. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Nippon 
India. Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Sir, any idea on the market growth let‟s say for the first half of this year? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Great question. Because three or four are listed, and a couple of them have 
already declared their results and we have just collated, I think if I look at peer 
group, they are into low single digit kind of growth rate is what I have been told, 
so we will all put it together and see how it is, but it is definitely in the area of 
about 8% to 10% is the volume growth I see. 
Manish Poddar: 
I am trying to understand pricing in East India, how does it now stack up with 
the other players in those markets, because earlier we were giving at a 
discount to the pricing which is there in North India? 
Om P Manchanda: 
That is our internal benchmark. So I think the question that used to get asked is 
that “How is your pricing compared to Delhi NCR?” That obviously is at a 
discount because our cost structure is also very different. But as compared to 
local competition we are competitive. It is not a discount or a premium, I would 
say, it is very similar. 
Manish Poddar: 
How many patients booked through the app or through the call center in the 
last six months, just trying to understand of this total 10 million patients, how 
many would be doing that? 
Om P Manchanda: 
It is very small actually. It is not worth talking about. I know everybody is talking 
about app online, etc., because we are in medical business, we want to make 
sure that there is no error, pre-analytical is a very important area for us. I do 
not want to unnecessarily push the market on to booking on app and then we 
have a lot of other related issues because test names are very complicated, 
each test there are ten such variants, and there is no common knowledge with 
the patient. So there is always a possibility of committing error. So I think this 
app business is more suited to screening kind of packages, health packages 
where just pick one or two from a drop down and book it, but if you actually go 
through a prescription, that is little complicated. So I really would not 
unnecessarily get overexcited by app booking, etc. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from 
Motilal Oswal Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So just for the rest of India market, if you can just help me with a broad 
breakdown of B2B and B2C segment? 

 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Om P Manchanda: 
I think as a company our B2C business is about 60%-odd, 40% in B2B and rest 
of India would actually become other way round. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So basically B2C share is much higher than the B2B for rest of India? 
Om P Manchanda: 
B2B share is much higher in rest of India. And the definition of B2B is that we 
pick up a lot of samples directly from the hospitals; that is counted as a B2B. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
For the rest of India, what would be like average realization in each of these 
segments? 
Om P Manchanda: 
I do not have B2B, B2C split here, but our rest of India realization is close to 
60-65% of what we realize in Delhi NCR. But that realization should not be 
misconstrued as if our pricing is lower to that extent, because there is a lot of 
net rate booking that happens in rest of India versus what happens in Delhi 
NCR because here the franchisee contribution is much higher, and we have a 
net rate pricing in rest of India, that is why the realization is lower, but, that 
does not mean our margins are lower to that extent. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sehgal from Manas 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sehgal: 
I have two questions. In your annual report on the P&L, you have an item „Fees 
to collection centers and channel partners‟, roughly 12%, 15% of your revenue. 
So I wanted to understand how was the flow of cash? So when the patient 
comes to your collection center, he or she gives a sample and he/she pays at 
the collection center, does money all come to Dr. Lal Path and then you pay 
out to the collection center, because that is what the P&L suggests or is the 
other way around? And then how do the fees or referral fees get paid to the 
doctor? 
Om P Manchanda: 
I think you are barking up the wrong tree. We do not give any referral fee to the 
doctor. 
Ved P Goel: 
So fees to collection center is about 13% which you are right where patient is 
paying to the collection center. We collect 100% and then we pay to the 
franchisee or collection center.  
Om P Manchanda: 
To your second question, we do not have any arrangement with doctors. So 
there is no such question like that. 
Anuj Sehgal: 
Even the collection centers are not paying to the doctors? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Correct. 
Anuj Sehgal: 
And then my second question is, you talked in the beginning about the 
Ayushman Bharat Scheme. If you see some of the other examples in countries 
like Indonesia where they have a similar medical health insurance scheme 
which actually has done very well. As it scaled up and became very critical in 
terms of scale, it actually resulted in much higher volume but at much lower 
cost. So what is your expectations of the Ayushman Bharat-driven business in 
India if the scheme were to scale up in a meaningful way, and any potential 
impact on not just Dr. Lal, but other healthcare providers? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Ayushman Bharat Scheme so far has seen I think, 1.7 million patients. It is 
largely due to the in patients, etc., and the outpatients which have gone to their 

 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
so-called health and wellness centers. But actually, the pathology part is not 
involved. So being a service provider only for diagnostics has not impacted us 
at all so far. The government of India will have to take a call that whether we 
put pathology in the OPD charges, etc., so that is a different ballgame. Right 
now we are talking about IPD. And IPD, all those things are internal inside the 
hospital built into the charges of what a particular procedure is costing, in all of 
these hospitals. 
Anuj Sehgal: 
So if the pathology were to come under the scheme, would you take up that 
business and be keen to be a service provider or would you not take that 
business because it probably would come at lower prices but may be at a 
significant volume? 
Om P Manchanda: 
We will have to see the economics of that as and when it happens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Post the acquisition, what are the next few steps for you to get more 
entrenched in those markets and how do you take say for example, Rs.15 
crore revenue to Rs.50 crore, what is the journey like? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So it is clearly focused strategy, we just want to build scale in a limited 
geography. And that asset actually has equity into contiguous markets. So our 
expansion plan would be, to pick up districts close to that place where we 
acquired. So it is clearly a cluster approach we want to follow wherever we 
have done these acquisitions. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
And so therefore then you go out to adjacent districts and then have new 
franchisees, PSCs and then open a lab, is that the way you expand? 
Om P Manchanda: 
That is right, and we also bring in lot of processes, lot of consumer-facing 
initiatives where service levels go up and things like that. So, the brand 
experience becomes very different. So, whatever our learnings have been from 
our own parent business, we try to transfer it to that acquired asset and grow in 
the contiguous markets. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
And any number targets sort of that you doubled, tripled the revenues over 
certain timeframe or something? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Actually, in the short term, there is a lot of pain because we first get into a 
cleaning up office because many practices may not be aligned to what we do. 
So actually things tend to get worse before they start looking up. There is a 
slight dip and then couple of years down the line it starts moving up. I want to 
share one example, we have had in Kanpur where we did one acquisition 
about 10-odd years back, today business has become 10x in about 10-years. 
So if you actually draw that learning and see if you can grow these smaller 
assets in a smaller market. But idea is that these smaller acquisitions also will 
go through lot of pain of cleaning up first. But these labs will always have good 
equity in these limited markets. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Any thoughts of going international or business remains pretty much in India? 
Om P Manchanda: 
I think our primary focus will continue to remain in India, and South and West, 
as we mentioned is the market which is where our shares are very low, we will 
first attempt to do something there. 

 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
We already have labs in Nepal and Bangladesh, if you call that international. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Jha from Stock Access. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Jha: 
I would like to understand that how is the response from the  bundled package 
test “Swasthfit” , what is the growth there and how are the margins there? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
The growth rates continue to be very robust; upwards of 30%-odd, and a 
contribution is now 15% of the overall portfolio. The margins are also healthy 
given that we have bundled tests for efficiency. 
Ankit Jha: 
How is the competition with pharmacy and online aggregators and how is the 
intensity there? 
Om P Manchanda: 
So we do not have exact sort of information to share, but we are getting mixed 
signals from there because many people are also getting into diagnostics, but 
we are also finding that some of them are finding it difficult to scale because at 
a city level, they are able to do well, but if they go beyond city then it is quite 
challenging, and challenges come out in both ends; one is the front end 
because they are not able to control phlebotomy experience because many of 
them are home collection-driven models, at the same time, they are also not 
able to aggregate at the back end because service, quality both are impacted. 
So, some of them in order to improve these three variables, they have started 
hiring phlebotomy and if they are starting their own lab, and certainly they find 
themselves doing the same thing what we are doing. So it does not remain like 
eCommerce stuff. So it is a bit of mix thing. I would not like to give a definitive 
answer right now. I am also picking up as much information as possible. And if 
you guys pick up something, please share with us so that it helps us to design 
our strategy better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from SSJ Finance. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain: 
You earlier commented that the revenue that you are getting per patient is 
increasing at a rate much lower than probably the rate of inflation itself. Can 
you comment more on that and maybe in terms of how will you improve on 
your pricing power and will this trend change sometime soon? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Revenue per patient as I keep mentioning I do not want to see pricing as a 
route to increase the realization. But I do see a higher end test contribution to 
go up. I also see bundling to help me drive revenue per patient. I also see if I 
can do a cross promotion, but definitely I do not see pricing as a route to 
increase revenue per patient. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Can you also comment on how you are seeing the unorganized space 
behaving in terms of the lab expansion there or what trend are you seeing 
there? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Definitely, my view there is that unorganized space is definitely feeling the heat 
of growth. On one side, they are also not able to take price increases, and 
since they operate in a limited market, they do not see volume growth, and 
there is also a pressure on compliances because each lab has to be run by a 
doctor, they have to keep licenses. I think the unorganized space is going to 
feel the heat a bit. It is like some people will try to compete with the larger 
players and increase the test menu, but most of it would want to partner with 

 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
the larger ecosystem like a large player like us. But I do not think any new fresh 
investments will come where people want to put up more labs. I think that era 
is gone where labs are going to multiply. We actually have to reduce costs in 
some ways. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Sharma, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Aman Sharma: 
I just have an idea. I am not sure whether you are aware of it or not. So there 
are a lot of life insurance companies, like before taking the life insurance they 
also take the medical test for the individual. So are we collaborating in this 
manner? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Yes, this business exists, but they are always looking for lower pricing. So they 
are like any one player, and then they end up partnering with a lot of local labs 
rather than large players like us. But definitely there are some quality insurance 
players who come to us. The other challenge that we face in this business is 
that we are not only there for tests, but we also want some kind of medical sort 
of MBBS help because you have to check blood pressure, you have to take all 
other parameters. So it is not only the diagnostic alone or test alone, they need 
some doctor consultancy as well which in my view a local lab can provide 
because they can give lowest price and they can manage all that. So that is 
why this business is there, but it is not a very large business I would say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirmal Gopi from IDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nirmal Gopi: 
Om, just looking through the numbers and clearly if we look through the last 
four quarters, the business is literally into two halves. We had a fairly tough 
situation, low growth, and low profitability in H2 of last year and the business 
seems to have turned around fairly dramatically in the first half of this year. In 
your assessment what is the change in these two periods if there is a way to 
classify them? 
Om P Manchanda: 
Thank you very much, “We will see a dramatic improvement.” I would not read 
too much into that. But I think one thing consciously that we are trying is to see 
how we increase focus on rest of India and reduce our dependence on Delhi 
NCR because rest of India is like open sky. So, we focus on East, we carefully 
pick the markets, we are not a company which is just Delhi-based, we are now 
much broader based. I think as the brand becomes widespread, we hope to 
see a better growth. So, that is one thing which I will say has changed. 
Nirmal Gopi: 
In terms of the operational focus in terms of cost optimization, anything else 
which really plays itself out in a slightly more meaningful way in the last couple 
of quarters versus what we experienced in H2 of last year? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Nirmal, we emphasize a lot on the pre-analytical quality of the operations. And 
the good quality just does not happen out of the blue. So we strive very hard to 
maintain the quality, especially at the pre-analytical level. Second thing, which 
we have done in the last quarter or maybe slightly before, is that we have got 
very robust internal quality assessment software which has never been used 
by anybody in India before. So at a glance, we can monitor so many outside 
labs, etc., and we are much ahead of the curve than anybody else. So these 
are two qualitative things which I can share with you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you, everyone for joining with us on this call today. I would now request 
the moderator to close the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dr. Lal PathLabs, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
