su 
and industries limited 
18th December, 2019 
SUTLEJ TEXTILES AND 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Lotus Corporate Park, 'E' Wing, 5th/6th Floor, 
185/A, Graham Firth Compound, Near Jay Coach, 
Goregaon (East), Mumbai - 400 063, INDIA. 
Phone : (022) 4219 8800/6122 8989 Fax : (022) 4219 8830 
E-mail : info@sutlejtextiles.com Website : www.sutlejtextiles.com 
CIN No. : L17124RJ2005PLCO20927 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalai Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 532782 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No.C/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Code : SUTLEJTEX 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2019 earnings conference 
call held on 08th November, 2019 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, kindly find enclosed a transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half year 
ended 30th September, 2019 which was held on Friday, 08th November, 2019. The same is also 
available on the website of the Company i.e., www.sutleitextiles.com.
The conference call held on 08th November, 2019, as per the Transcript enclosed incorporates 
mainly the highlights of financial results upto 30th September, 2019, and other related information 
which is already in public domain and/or made available / uploaded on the Company's website. 
Please take the same on record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
Bipeen Valame 
Wholetime Director and CFO 
(Govt. Recognisea Three Star Export House) 
Regd. Office : Pachpahar Road, Bhawanimandi - 326 502 (Rajasthan)• Mills : Bhawanimandi (Raj.), Kathua (J&K), Baddi (H.P.), Bhilad (Guj.) 

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
Q2 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 08, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. K. KHANDELIA - PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER - SUTLEJ TEXTILES AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. BIPEEN VALAME – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SUTLEJ TEXTILES AND INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited Q2 FY2020 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Bipeen Valame, Whole-time Director and CFO. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Bipeen Valame: 
Thanks and good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all to the Earning Conference Call of Sutlej 
Textiles and Industries Limited half yearly and quarter ended on September 30, 2019. I have with me 
Shri. S. K. Khandelia, President & CEO for of Sutlej Textiles and our Stellar IR advisors who manage 
our Investor Relationship Advisory. The result presentation has been uploaded on the exchanges and I 
hope everyone had an opportunity to go through it. 
 
Commenting on the performance during the first half ending on current year financial year, the company 
reported consolidated revenue of Rs. 1311 Crores during H1 FY2020 against Rs. 1345 Crores in H1 
FY2019. There is a marginal drop of 3% on account of global slowdown in the export and domestic 
market. The yarn volume for the half year was 54995 metric tonne compared to 55793 metric tonne in 
same period last year. The company is focused on home textile business and committed to grow the 
business with better design, marketing effort and larger product portfolio. We saw some improvement in 
current quarter in realization in domestic and export market and more job work orders, which resulted 
into reduction in losses for home textile. We expect a better volume growth and overall performance 
going forward. 
 
EBITDA for the half year ended was Rs 112 Crores against Rs 128 Crores, again there is a drop because 
of the market condition, and we saw a drop in EBITDA. We saw some increase in wages on account of 
DA, bonuses, etc., which is the main reason for increase in employment cost. However, the power cost 
remains stable for the quarters. Profit after tax was Rs 24 Crores during the half year ended compared to 
Rs 33 Crores during the same period previous year. On sequential basis, consolidated sales were down 
by 3% to Rs 644 Crores during Q2 FY2020 as against Rs 667 Crores in Q1 FY2020. However, EBITDA 
margins witnessed 218 basis point improvement at 9.6% in Q2 FY2020 as against 7.5% in Q1 FY2020. 
 
The main reason for improvement in margin is softening of raw material prices, which has been 
witnessed in the quarter and better realization in manmade fiber compared to the drop in RM prices. We 
have witnessed some minor drop of around a percentile maybe in capacity due to festive seasons, 
elections, etc., that compared to last quarter capacity utilization, has improved and we had a capacity 
utilization of around 93.5%. We could achieve significant reduction in finance cost due to efficient 
working capital management, reduction in inventory, better collection of government dues, reduction in 
overall debt, which will enable the company to enhance its profitability going forward. I would like to 
highlight that we have successfully been able to curtail the overall debt on a consolidated level of around 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 3 of 11 
780 Crores, which is a reduction of 136 Crores over the past one year. The debt equity ratio is far below 
one and currently around 0.82. I would now request, Shri Khandeliaji to share the business outlook and 
industry scenario and then we can open the floor for the question and answer. Thank you and over to 
Mr. Khandelia! 
S. K. Khandelia: 
Thank you Bipeen. Good afternoon to all of you and I thank you very much for joining us on this 
conference call. As you all aware that the overall textile and clothing industry has not been doing well 
since last two-and-a-half years rather last three years now since the time demonetization happened, then 
further impacted by the GST was rolled out as major Indian textile sector is in unorganized sector, so all 
the downstream players whether it is weaving, processing and garmenting, mainly unorganized and 
smaller NEIA segment, has taken a big toll in last two-and-a-half years, but I am happy to share despite 
all the challenges during last two-and-a-half years in addition to other challenges like global slowdown 
and the overall subdued demand we have been able to continuously generate profits, continuously able 
to run our factories to the full capacity and could sell whatever we could manufacture and in fact we 
have been able to reduce our all sorts of inventories and working capital substantially, which has 
resulted in substantial fall in our overall debts and has improved our debt equity ratio further, I would 
like to say this is the test of the resilience of our business model, but despite all the challenges our 
business model came out strong and that is the resilience, which we have. Now, for the second quarter 
and first half, I will read out a statement, which was made by our chairman while commenting on the 
results, which we might have seen also, but that summarizes the whole situation, which is going on at 
present and our position therein, so I just quote what our chairman said. “The challenging business 
environment continued with subdued domestic demand and falling exports due to the global slowdown. 
Sutlej continued its efforts of cost cutting, improving efficiencies, debottlenecking and realigning its 
product mix; this has helped us in maintaining profitability and performs better than the industry 
average”. We believe that while the present challengers are likely to continue in short-term, our business 
fundamentals are strong which will enable Sutlej to deliver a strong performance once the economic 
scenario improves. After this I would like to comment on things you must have noticed from the results 
and in our home textile business, the losses have started coming down substantially. If you remember, in 
my earlier conference, I had mentioned that we had consciously decided that we will reposition 
ourselves, we will not manufacture the very low category material in the sense of the low chain material 
and instead we will try to position ourselves on little higher bracket, similarly as you are aware that we 
had acquired American Silk Mills. The synergy of American Silk Mills and Sutlej has started delivering 
some results, some of which I will address, so these two divisions of our home textile has started 
improving their performance, but the performance improvement will come in due course of time, which 
is one things to drive the overall results, improvement will come in two to three years because the time 
lag in case of home textile from sampling to the commercial order is very long, it takes about 8-9 
months to fructify one sample to get a commercial order and then once you get that order then you will 
start getting the repeat orders, so this development, which has taken place in recent times, now we have 
also decided to have our own trend and we hope that in Q3 we are likely to start vending of our home 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 4 of 11 
textile products and by that we plan to go to some of the retailers and that will also add value to our own 
realizations in home textile business. I have to say that regarding alignment of Damanganga Home 
Textiles with American Silk Mills, we have started manufacturing some of the material for American 
Silk Mills and it will be sold in USA as ASM Loft, which is a separate plan they have, we are not going 
to disturb our ASM brand so that will continue because this is at a very high margin business and, so 
that is going on. Secondly we will also be marketing ASM products in India under their brand that is 
ASM and that will be mainly outdoor and indoor material and high evaluated items, but these things are 
likely to take some more time, but I am just telling you that these are the plus points, which are 
happening in our home textile division. In case of our spinning I have already mentioned that we have a 
lot of resilience in our business and we get that resilience because of our modern manufacturing plants 
and then we have lot of flexibilities, suppose one product is not doing well we are able to switch over to 
other products. As you must have noticed that cotton yarn is not doing well these days though we have 
very hardly any negligible quantity of cotton yarn, which is not doing well and that is what has come 
down by 40% in the last six months and many of the gray cotton yarn mills are bleeding and perhaps 
some might have closed and some are underutilizing their capacities, but since we were in a value added 
melange yarn since overall cotton yarn was down and since the world economy is not doing well there 
has been some pressure on mélange yarn business this time. Despite that since we are synthetic, we have 
mélange and so many products that is why we have been able to do much better in Q2 when it is 
compared to Q1 despite all the challenges, which were manifested in second quarter. In first quarter, as 
Bipeen has mentioned there were some reductions and other labor shortages, so the results of that were 
not that good. Similarly in case of revenue, you must have noticed that revenue witnessed a drop of Rs 
22- Rs 23 crore in Q2FY20 as compared to Q1FY20. there are many reasons for that the main reason is 
that the fall in the raw material rates. The cost of that of course just because yarn rate is not falling to 
that extent because we have some pricing power in certain products, but still since there has been 
substantial fall in the cost of raw material rates the depth of that has come. In terms of quantity, that 
depends upon the count, which counts to manufacturing and other things, so in quantity there is not 
much variation, but the revenue figures are less because of that fall of the average rates and the base of 
the fall on the rates of raw material and nothing else. This is what I had to say and now the floor is open 
for any question, clarification and we are glad to provide all the verifications and answers to all your 
queries. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Awanish Chandra from East India Securities. Please go ahead. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Thank you very much Khandelia Sir and Bipeenji taking my question and congratulations on 
good margin expansion. Sir most of the companies we are witnessing margin deterioration in this 
environment could you just explain what led to this kind of margin expansion though you have 
mentioned in the presentation it is on RM cost to overall realization than RM any other expenses, 
which helped this margin expansion? 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Bipeen Valame: 
It is not only the margin expansion because of the raw material, it is because of introduction of 
many value added products in yarn category, which we have done. Secondly as I mentioned is 
our Damanganga Home Textiles losses have come down, so you must have seen it in the 
segment results and then we have been continuously telling in our conference calls that we are 
tightening our belt because of the tight situations and the economic conditions and other things, 
we have been tightening our belt further. We have been trying to push our efficiencies further 
though we were already at a very high level, but still we were trying to push up, as we always 
believe that there is always a scope for improvement, so that all these things have helped us in 
improving our margins and those are I believe that except market conditions and other things, 
which keep on changing, raw material prices, yarn prices, demand supply, but internal 
efficiencies and other things, which we have gained are on a sustainable basis. 
Awanish Chandra: 
I can understand the internal efficiencies, but your view on the yarn prices in general in coming 
quarters and for the cotton whatever production we have, do you think that from here onwards 
cotton prices will soften up or it will remain resilient? 
Bipeen Valame: 
The cotton fiber prices are concerned those are already very soft, those are rather ruling below 
the support price at the moment and still this year we are going to have better crop size and much 
better than last year. As per present indications thought it is still unclear how much crop size will 
be there because of the extended rains and other issues, but still trade believe it will be around 
370 as against about 312 plus last year, so we will have ample cotton this year and on the other 
hand the consumption is down because many mills are closing down particularly gray cotton 
yarn, so the cotton prices are likely to remain range bound and my take at this point of time that 
in cotton prices the biggest issue is the US China trade war, how does it progress further because 
China has last year imposed 25%, duty on import of US cotton that has brought down the 
international pricing to very low levels, but if that happens then the cotton prices may go up, but 
that is the only one question mark and what will be the effect of these extended rents on the 
ultimate yield and the quality and other thing that is the second question mark, otherwise overall 
I feel that the cotton thing will be better, so another thing about we have said the gray cotton 
yarn margins, which will be hardly manufactured a very little quantity of gray cotton yarn, so we 
are not very much worried about that and that has also in fancy with other quality, but the gray 
cotton yarn there is supply pressure, supply pressure at the moment because the exports to China 
is our major export and that has fallen significantly in the last six months and still, but those have 
started a little bit rebounding, which is I feel the cost of cotton has gone soft and we are at parity 
with the international cotton rates at this point of time rather little cheaper than the international 
cotton so the exports will take palace and the thing should be better focused for cotton yarn also 
this is what my feeling. 
Awanish Chandra: 
It was a very helpful and detailed answer. One last question on home textile side our capacity has 
grown five times from FY2007, what is the current capacity utilization currently this year? 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Bipeen Valame: 
Current utilization is almost the same, which was there earlier. There has not been any quantity 
expansion, so it will be around 77% for first half in this capacity utilization and it is 80% now, 
we are not more worried about the capacity utilization, we are more worried about our product 
portfolio driven, so capacity suppose we intentionally we have kept little higher capacity so once 
we are in the market and there are seasonal demands, once that comes we should be able to cater 
to those demand. We are focusing our exports also very aggressively, in fact you said that 
whatever capacity we have created we have created it keeping in mind, but we should be ready 
for the future so at present capacity utilization is not very great, but we are not worried about 
that, we are focusing our more attention on the value added and positioning ourselves in the 
upper level and in that respect I also said that we are looking for the branding our home textile 
product also. 
Awanish Chandra: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjunwala from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity. You have explained the cotton yarn scenario very well, kindly 
put some light on the blended yarn scenario as well, how are the raw material prices moving and 
yarn prices moving there and what is the demand scenario in that segment? 
Bipeen Valame: 
The demand, as you see the overall demand in the overall system, as I said the consumer demand 
is subdued. The demand is not very great. It is not even at the level, which used to be there, but 
whenever the raw material prices comes down, raw material prices have been very soft in the last 
six months because of the US China trade war I feel that there has been pressure on international 
prices of all manmade fibers, so those have been coming down, so because of those coming 
down the raw material prices have softened, now since they have already come down to a level 
from where I do not find that there will be much scope in fall of the manmade fiber prices, so 
these both are likely to be stable normally in my opinion, but you see anything which happens 
any point of time the effect of raw material prices. China is a biggest player in the raw material 
supply of manmade fiber so anything depends on the China, but what happens there, but I am of 
the opinion that the raw material prices are likely to remain range bound because they have 
already fallen, so as far as blended yarn demand is concerned, I have already said that the 
demand is not that great at this point of time, but so far Sutlej is concerned we are able to fully 
market our products, we are mainly in each products even in synthetic blended yarn and we do 
not manufacture any gray yarn we are only in dyed yarns and there are many farms and brands 
and many applications and products, so for us there is no challenge of any demand. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: 
So, the Tirupur knit market, which is your one of the major market also has done well is what we 
can assume from this? 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Bipeen Valame: 
Tirupur market is mainly concentrating on the cotton melange and cotton blended yarns, but we 
have consciously reduced Tirupur market because some of the local mills have also come up and 
we had a logistic challenge, therefore we have increased our export in melange and mileage 
blended yarn so we have consciously reduced the Tirupur market because you have seen that the 
garment exports are increased by only 2% in the last six months, August was negative, 
September was negative, so since garments is not doing well and if you are aware that our 
garment exports are less than that of Bangladesh and Vietnam, we used to be on the second 
position, now we are on the first position, so our garments are not doing well, but those are at the 
same level, which where we were 5 years back, so in Tirupur is not doing well that way, but that 
is okay, but we have diversified our market so we have no challenge on this account. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: 
Sir, could you put some light on the home textile brand story that you are trying to build in? 
Bipeen Valame: 
That will unveil in due course of time, we have decided to go for the brand and we hope that we 
launch sometime in Q3, and when it is there, we will sharefurther details.. 
Prerna Jhunjunwala: 
I will come back for further questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Shah from Alpha Line Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Sagar Shah: 
Good afternoon. My first question is regarding basically your synthetic blended yarn business 
actually, you have just mentioned we had registered a drop of 40% in exports, am I right to that 
the sudden drop in exports was in that segment or other segment? 
Bipeen Valame: 
No, major export drop is in our trading segment. We have won some awards also in the trading 
activity also if you see the first half the drop is above 25% in trading segment and I think that is 
the overall growth in our exports, so in synthetic there is minor change that keeps on changing 
and another thing, overall for the year I think our level of export for the synthetic and blended 
yarn likely to be the same. 
Sagar Shah: 
And in the analyst meet, which you had conducted maybe I think last year, you had said actually 
that you will be diversifying the product portfolio of American Silk Mills and also from your 
Daman Ganga plant actually for the home textiles you will be diversifying your product segment 
so that the products that are in actual demand you will be producing from the Daman Ganga 
plant, so what is the status regarding the same? 
Bipeen Valame: 
I have already explained just now in some of the early queries that there has been lot of progress 
in that account for selling surplus products in USA under ASM brand and we have launched the 
brand that is called ASM blocks that products have been manufactured in India and then 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 8 of 11 
marketed in Sutlej the sampling is over, now the order should be started coming as I mentioned 
that the cycle is very lengthy, so there are two four seasons there, so in the first season first of all 
you have to decide the samples and show the samples and the furniture and other residential 
contracts, collect the samples then there is a show for them, then they show to their customers 
and then they take some little longer length then that is supplied to them then it takes about 8 to 9 
months to start getting little over and it is a very lengthy cycle, but we are already on that track 
things are started moving and we are showing positive results in that direction. 
Sagar Shah: 
And have we altered our home textile product portfolio also for the domestic operations? 
Bipeen Valame: 
Yes, earlier it was mainly 100% polyester filament plus product portfolio and you can say the 
lower range of the quality because it was 100% polyester filament yarn, now we are using all 
types of raw materials including many of the types of yarn, which are being imported, which are 
not being affected even in India then cotton yarn and so many things blended there in and we 
have strengthened our design team very strongly and we have appointed many designing and 
marketing people in last one year, so you will not be able to see the benefit of that in overnight, 
but we have introduced many new designs, which have been liked by our customers and we are 
definitely seeing positive result, but the actual result when it comes to the balance sheet it will 
take a year or so still. 
Sagar Shah: 
But, the main problem is the lack of demand in the domestic operations? 
Bipeen Valame: 
If you see the niche product of course the overall effect will always be there in everything, if you 
see anybody was tracking earlier say home textile activity is now down, real estate sector is 
down, we are in home textile segment for curtains and upholstery, anybody buying curtains and 
upholstery are majorly for new houses, otherwise there is only replacement demand so that is 
also one challenge, but that is not a big issue, so we think that of course the demand going 
forward will definitely improve and that should also help us. 
Sagar Shah: 
In H2 and even in FY20201, are we looking to reduce debt or the debt would increase based on 
the project cost for the PSF project that we have taken? 
Bipeen Valame: 
No, the Green fibre project is basically for our internal use,  for improvement of our quality, for 
supply of the sustainable materials, sustainable materials in the sense that there is inhouse 
demand so once we have our own plant out there and it is world class plant so from there we can 
supply the fiber also, export the fiber also sustainable fiber you can use it for our own product, so 
because of that I do not think already we are using it the products, so when we have our own it 
will definitely add to our margins. 
Sagar Shah: 
But still the 119 Crores is yet to be spent on the project? 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Bipeen Valame: 
See, the major amount is spent when you start getting the materials, materials have started 
coming now, we are on track, we are on the schedule, the initial expenses are only in the 
buildings, the building construction takes time so it is less now in the next three to six months 
that will be very heavy and that expenses will be spent within March itself. The machines are 
started arriving, so already in October, November there have been a little higher expenses and 
every month the expenses will keep on increasing on the project. 
Sagar Shah: 
So, our debt levels would also increase right, the long-term debt, which we have raised? 
Bipeen Valame: 
Yes, let me just chip in so your question is on the delta increase in the long-term debt right, so 
there will be a small delta increase, since we already have the repayment of almost 110 Crores to 
120 Crores, which is as per the schedule, so the delta improvement what we are seeing is that our 
delta increase in the debt will be very small, it is not significantly changing the structure. 
Sagar Shah: 
But do we have the free cash flow? 
Bipeen Valame: 
Let me intervene, we have taken only 130 Crores of loan we are only taking and every year we 
are repaying and we are repaying total 115 Crores for next year and we are taking a total loan of 
130 Crores, so there will not be major change in that, of course for the time being there will be 
some increase, but that is not very significant. 
Sagar Shah: 
All the best Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Zakir Nassar, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Zakir Nassar: 
Congrats for the healthy set of numbers considering the economic environment Sir. Sir would 
you get that second quarter would be better for the textile industry as a whole considering all the 
external constraints the industry faces that is my question and number two your new project up 
for recycling of the bottles into green fibers would that in anyway be impacted by the single use 
plastic policy of the government because your input would be a single use plastic so these are the 
two questions and right now your home textiles is about 7% of your entire turnover, so in the 
next three years what percentage of the turnover do you expect that to be? 
Bipeen Valame: 
Third and fourth quarter we have already said that challenges will continue in the short term, 
which is what we feel at this point of time things keep on changing, but according to us the 
challenges will continue in second half also and thereafter how the things come out is very 
difficult because visibility is not so great, uncertainty continues, but I think ultimately the things 
are bound to improve on the base of our 130 Crores population, increasing purchasing power and 
other things, those positive things are bound to play in due course of time and the things looks 
challenging. Regarding your second question about the use of single use plastics let me clarify 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 10 of 11 
that the pet bottle, which will be used for this are not single use plastics, which can be recycled 
and which can be easily used for that and it has been recycled so that will not come under the 
category of single use plastic. Normally what happens plastic films of below 50 microns are 
normally this is the problem, which now the value which we gets and the amount which he 
spends is very higher than the amount, which we collect, so this is the problem not the pet bottle 
so that will continue. I do not see any challenge on that ground and the Ministry had already 
satisfied this. 
Zakir Nassar: 
About your percentage of home textiles also? 
Bipeen Valame: 
About the increase in turnover percentage of the home textiles definitely there is likely to be 
some increase in the revenue percentage, but in the next two, three years we have not still 
worked out because until and then the visibility is very clear, but definitely one thing I can say 
that in three years definitely revenue percentage of the home textiles business in overall revenue 
is bound to increase. 
Zakir Nassar: 
Let me congratulate that Sutlej Home Textiles I think they are one of the best, friends and your 
quality finishes are really, really good Sir. 
Bipeen Valame: 
Quality issues are not there because we have invested a lot of money we have mentioned in our 
presentation also, for us the ratio of quality and making it worldwide. 
Zakir Nassar: 
Design also phenomenal Sir. 
Bipeen Valame: 
Are you a buyer? 
Zakir Nassar: 
Being a shareholder I have used your product Sir. 
Bipeen Valame: 
Thank you very much. Most welcome. 
Zakir Nassar: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
to Mr. S. K. Khandelia for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
S.K. Khandelia: 
Thank you very much for all of you who have raised their questions and many must have heard, 
so many things must have been clarified to others also who wanted to ask questions perhaps 
because other questions did not come. To summarize I would only say to conclude we at Sutlej 
believe that our strong routes will always help us to withstand during challenges and cherish the 

 
         Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited 
November 08, 2019 
 
Page 11 of 11 
opportunities. Whenever the outturns happen when the things get normal we are bound to keep 
better performance. Thank you very much for joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies & gentlemen, on behalf of Sutlej Textiles and 
Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
