Kevit/ 
November 14, 2019 
To 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Scrip Code: 539450 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
To 
The Manager 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
Sub: Submission of transcript of conference call under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
are enclosing the transcript of Q2 FY 20 earnings conference call for investors and analysts organized by the 
Company on Wednesday, November 6, 2019 at 5.00 PM IST. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
Q-11r
'cr
11 
 
MUMBAI 
Deepti Chandratre 
4) 	
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Enck As Above 
•• 
S H Kelkar And Company Limited 
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai - 400 080. Tel : +91 22 2167 7777 
Regd. Office : Devkaran Mansion, 36, Mangaldas Road, Mumbai - 400 002. (INDIA) 
Phone : (022) 2206 96 09 & 2201 91 30 / Fax : (022) 2208 12 04 
www.keva.co.in  
CIN No. L74999MH1955PLC009593 
(go 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
SH Kelkar and Company Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY20 Earnings Conference Call 
November 06, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the SH Kelkar and Company 
Limited’s Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you.  
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on SH Kelkar and 
Company Limited’s Q2 and H1 FY20 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us 
Mr. Kedar Vaze – Whole-time Director and CEO; Mr. Shrikant Mate – EVP and 
Group CFO of the Company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum open for a question and answer session. Before we start, I 
would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be forward 
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make his opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today to discuss the Operating 
and Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2019.I 
will begin by taking you through the key highlights of the period under review and 
we will then look forward to taking your questions and suggestions.  
We have delivered a stable set of results during the quarter and half year ended 
30th September 2019 despite subdued sentiments witnessed in the domestic 
market. 
On a consolidated basis our revenues from operations stood at Rs. 548 crore in H1 
FY20 as against Rs. 518 crore in H1 FY19 registering a growth of 6% YoY. 
Q2FY20 revenues came in steady at Rs. 276 crore compared to Rs. 282 crore last 
year. While the external demand environment was tricky, we witnessed increased 
client engagement with existing and new FMCG customers. All of this translated 
into account wins in the Fragrance Division across product categories especially 
Beauty and Personal Care, Freshener - Car fresheners, Air fresheners and Soaps 
during this quarter. As these products grow in the market, we anticipate improving 
contribution to sales performance in the future.  

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
On the profitability front, EBITDA during H1 FY20 grew by 10% to Rs. 87 crore. 
EBITDA margins stood at 16% higher by 66 bps. In Q2FY20, EBITDA stood at Rs. 
39 crore with margins at 14%. The Company expensed non-recurring costs of 
approximately Rs. 4 crore owing to higher employee cost and other expenses 
during the quarter. Similar initiatives will be undertaken in second half of FY20 
which will further see expensing of non-recurring costs. These costs pertain to 
internal reorganization of teams and incentive structure to make them more 
variable in nature. These costs once expensed, are expected to sustainably alter 
the fixed and operating expenses to a more variable structure. We should help the 
company maintain its normalized margins through varied business cycles and 
incentivize the teams and prepare the organization to navigate through change in 
the operating environment which we have been seeing. The operating environment 
has regularly seen large changes with accelerated velocity over the last couple of 
years. With these initiatives, we will strengthen our growth outlook relative to 
market growth and prepare for the future.  
The PAT in H1 stood at Rs. 34 crore and was Rs. 15 crore in Q2 FY20. Interest 
cost increased to Rs. 14.1 crore and depreciation stood higher at Rs. 25.3 crore in 
H1 primarily to owing to the commissioning of the new facility at Mahad and 
adoption of new accounting standards. 
On the raw materials front, the environment in the global markets saw early signs 
of stabilization during the first quarter of the fiscal. By September 2019, the raw 
material pressure had largely eased out and is currently in a fair state of normalcy. 
This has led to stable raw material prices and better availability of key raw 
materials.  
Moving to our segmental performance, the Fragrance Division delivered a stable 
growth in H1 and the domestic Fragrances grew by 2%, the Company’s 
international segment registered a growth of 20% YoY. In Q2 FY20 the domestic 
Fragrances de-grew by 6% on account of subdued sentiments and base effect vis-
à-vis last year and international segments marked a healthy growth of 15%. 
Operating profit during H1 stood at Rs. 63 crore against Rs. 66 crore in H1 FY19. 
In Q2 FY20 operating profit stood at Rs. 27 crore as against Rs. 37 crore in Q2 
FY19. As the raw material situation normalizes, the division should deliver 
stabilized operating margins over the long-term.  
In our Flavour Division, we reported a subdued performance during the period. The 
revenues during H1 FY20 stood at Rs. 49 crore as against Rs. 53 crore in H1 
FY19. The domestic business in particular de-grew by 28% while overseas marked 
a growth of 20% during this period. Particularly in the Q2 FY20, the increased 
momentum in the overseas business delivered a healthy 20% YoY growth. The 
domestic segment however de-grew by 54% in Q2 based on a base effect 
particularly seasonality linked to Diwali versus the increased uptake for Diwali last 
year. In H1 FY20, the segment recorded an operating profit of Rs. 6 crore with 
margins at 13%. In Q2 FY20 operating profit stood at Rs. 3 crore. Going forward, 
we expect to report better results for this segment in H2 FY20 as well. 
I am also happy to share that the promoter group, during the quarter, has 
increased their stake in the Company purchasing 2 lakh shares. With this, the total 
promoter holding now stands at a healthy 57.5%. In another development, 
promoters have also released 55.5 lakh pledged shares with a balance of 33,000 
shares yet to be revoked which will be released in due course. 
In conclusion, looking ahead, various pro-growth measures undertaken by the 
government to boost demand and investment in the country should lead to better 
consumption and enhanced consumer sentiments. Along with the raw material 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
situation easing out, the availability of key raw materials will help out the 
Company’s long-term to improve profits and margins. In addition with the 
Company’s initiative to improve working capital and operating cost efficiencies, we 
should see strong robust cash flows in the business. We continue to see great 
potential in our present business across all categories in the medium-to long-term 
perspective. Overall, we look forward to scale up and deliver improved 
performance in the upcoming quarters.  
With this, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Ajay Bodke from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajay Bodke: 
My first question is, in the last conference call held in August, you had stated and I 
quote you, “As I have mentioned in the last call, we are hopeful of a strong double 
digit growth, both in volume and bottom line for the year, domestic as well as 
export. We do not see any change from that”, quote complete. With a 6% YoY 
increase in total operating income in the H1FY20, even if you assume, not such a 
strong double digit growth, a growth of just 11% or 12% for the full year, it implies a 
H2FY20 growth of between 15.8% to 17.8% on a YoY basis H2FY20 over FY19. 
Looking at the current environment, do you feel that it is achievable? If not, is there 
a case for you to tone down the guidance that you had given as late as August 
2019. That is the first question. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think the question is very appropriate and I think I want to put this in a broader 
context of where the Company is and what we are doing. Let me start with what is 
the raw material situation. As we spoke in August vis-à-vis mid-September, many 
of the key raw materials prices have decreased and availability has changed 
dramatically in some cases as much as 100% - 200%. So things have changed 
very dramatically over the last one and half months on the raw material side. And 
on the demand side, when we were talking last in July – August, we were looking 
at the normal uptick pre-Diwali. Particularly, in the Flavours this year, there has 
been zero uptick in the sales of Flavours largely due to prolonged rains in various 
parts of the country where the typical beverage market is not picking up resulting in 
a very flat uptick in Diwali. So, last year versus this year, 6% growth on the first half 
of last year is also trending faster than 6% YoY for last year and we believe that 
our underlying growth continues to be there vis-à-vis the market and we are still 
hopeful of more than 12% YoY growth. I also want to track here that while the 
volume growth of 12%, I am reiterating that we are on track, because comparing 
the first half versus this year first half, if you look at the Q2 last year, we had an 
exceptionally high growth pre Diwali and then Q3 was on a lower level. I am still 
hopeful that the volume indication and, I would say, if I was 95% level confidence in 
August, we have 90% level of confidence now, but volume growth is still there, we 
are witnessing good new wins in the pipeline. The main issue which I think, we are 
correcting for, is a possible selling price correction in some of the products because 
of the changing raw material scenario and we will track that in correcting our 
operating cost accordingly. So the view is still the same. I think we are still trying to 
get the same bottom line. We may have the 12% volume growth but 12% volume 
growth may not translate exactly into 12% revenue growth if we have a pricing both 
on cost and sales decline to the extent that we are seeing at this point. So we are 
very cautious and our target for the end of the year still remains 12% in both 
volume and revenue.  
Ajay Bodke: 
Essentially as you said, the target will remain 12% value growth among volume, we 
are confident we will try to maintain 12% value also as you said in the concluding 
remarks right now which will imply a very strong, as I said, 15.8 to 17.8% second 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
half growth on a YoY basis. My second question sir, in the call in August you had 
also mentioned and I quote “Debt levels more or less at the same level in the end 
of March as it was in the beginning of the year. This implies almost Rs. 150 crore of 
pre cash flow generation and reduction in debt through the year. We are confident 
to achieve that number and run rate through the system”. If I look at H1FY20, the 
free cash flow generation by the Company is a meager Rs. 12.6 crore. Cash flow 
from operations of Rs. 27.6 crore and a CAPEX of Rs. 15 crore giving a free cash 
flow of Rs. 12.6 crore. Are you confident that in H2FY20, the Company will be able 
to achieve Rs.137.4 crore of free cash flow? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think if you look carefully at the numbers, we have already taken steps on the 
inventory and the inventory reduction vis-à-vis last quarter and we are seeing the 
downward trend. As the cycle of payables and inventory normalizes, we have 
already reduced roughly Rs. 30 crore of cash flow from the operations which will 
come in over and above the operating profit that we would be generating in the 
balance six months. In addition, we have a large number of taxation related dues 
which are due to be refunded and that is something which we are progressing on 
and talking with our respective taxation officers. So with the operating cash flow 
and the tax revenue refunds plus the working capital, I think we are still confident to 
meet our working capital targets. 
Ajay Bodke: 
This Rs. 150 crore of free cash flow, you are still maintaining for the full financial 
year FY20? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That is right. 
Ajay Bodke: 
Ok. And sir, on the debt side, the net debt has moved up from Rs. 348 crore as of 
end first quarter FY20 to Rs. 400 crore as of end second quarter FY20 and your 
cash levels also have moved down from Rs. 75 crore to Rs. 44 crore. So do you 
still maintain that by the end of the financial year the debt levels will be lower than 
what they were at the beginning of March? 
Kedar Vaze: 
As we mentioned, we are on track for Rs. 140 – Rs. 150 cash flow generation in 
the balance of the year and we will remain largely close to the March level, give 
and take, Rs.5 or Rs. 10 crore. 
Ajay Bodke: 
And lastly, in the opening remarks you said that in the second half, there will be 
further non-recurring cost to come, would you able to quantify what number you 
have in mind? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are relooking in terms of our long-term strategy and way of operating the 
business in the business model to factor in faster changes and differential growth 
rates in different parts of the world and different business segments. So our 
objective in this restructuring is to make more agile business units that can quickly 
respond to any changes that are happening. So these are things that we have 
been looking at the last two years and I think the environment, globally and in the 
domestic market, is very fast-changing and what we are looking at is to re-do the 
underlying business practices and cost structure and people teams in a manner 
that we are better able to respond to changes on a localized level. 
So if something changes in China, we do not need to change everything in our 
business model,people and the entire structure, but we can change just part of the 
organizational working and the same across different business units. So our 
objective in this is to, I mean, we do not have a specific quantified specific point. 
We will change in the next two quarters to better reflect what is the business reality 
of the future and accordingly, make our business robust through bigger cycles of 
change. 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Ajay Bodke: 
So this Rs. 97 crore of intangibles and goodwill that you have in the balance sheet, 
will there be any charge related to that in the second half? 
Kedar Vaze: 
On the Mahad facility, which we have alluded, most of the productionhas is now 
moved to India. We will have a look at the facilities in the Netherlands vis a vis 
business opportunities there and then work out the basis. So there is no specific 
goodwill or specific hit which will be charged out. But we will retool the facilities as 
we do. Most of the goodwill is in terms of the acquisition which is being amortized 
on a regular basis. 
Ajay Bodke: 
On the acquisition that you intend to complete in the second half, is there any 
assumption of debt for that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are looking at that carefully at this moment. I do not have a fixed number on 
that. We are evaluating the timelines and the finalization of that. Just to add, we 
have already taken some of the key management resources. We have our team for 
the acquisition ready, both in terms of integration and in terms of managing the 
business and we will then outline, with the current partners and selling shareholder, 
a timeline and details of when to acquire and conclude the transaction. 
Ajay Bodke: 
My submission is that as I had said in last quarter also, if you could crunch the 
timeline between the announcement of results and the conference call, I think it will 
be very well appreciated by the minority investors. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ambareesh Baliga an Individual Investor. 
Ambareesh Baliga: 
Couple of questions, first one is what is this non-recurring cost of Rs. 4 crore which 
you have written off although you explained to certain extent, I mean I can 
understand reorganization of the structure, incentive based on performance, but 
does this mean that there is some one-time pay off to certain employees or is this 
some sort of a separation cost? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, exactly that is the nature of the cost. There are early retirement separations 
and changes in the leadership that we have undertaken. So accordingly early pay 
out or separation cost has been taken. 
Ambareesh Baliga: 
And you expect a similar cost again in the second half or the next quarter?  
Kedar Vaze: 
I think we have no quantified number but in the process, we will have some non-
recurring costs in the next two quarters . 
Ambareesh Baliga: 
And just want to check out as to what is your progress on your private labels 
because if I am not wrong, you have been having the private labels since the last 
couple of years, but have we really seen some sort decent volumes in that because 
I only see those private labels in the exhibition. Can you throw some light on that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the private label that you are alluding is our retail business, 5%, 7% of our 
total revenue, which is a historical business. We also use exhibitions and the 
demonstrations to further illustrate new concept products, new products, get some 
consumer tests and if you have visited one of those exhibitions, it is largely a new 
business development or marketing venture than retail business foray for us. So 
we are not in retail, we continue to participate in some of these exhibitions with 
product demonstrations and most of these lead into concept generation for 
potential clients or entrepreneurs looking for new things or new business which is a 
kind of a new business development venture for us. 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Ambareesh Baliga: 
Yes, but do I understand that there is not much of focus on retail as such? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So we are actually suppliers to most of the retail customers, so we do not compete 
with them. Our objective is to understand, go to the consumers, do some limited 
consumer test,and make some products. So we do have sales online of limited 
additions or things like these or we do have our small branded fragrance oils that 
we sell but these are not our main products. 
Ambareesh Baliga: 
Yes this will never be a focus area even going ahead I suppose. 
Kedar Vaze: 
That is right. 
Ambareesh Baliga: 
And as far as your Mahad Plant is concerned, I mean despite starting operations, I 
am not really seeing any addition either in the top line or improvement in your 
marginsWhat sort of capacity utilization is currently there in Mahad? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The Mahad facility together with the China facility is at 75% plus capacity 
utilization. So, we will be probably appropriate at some point in the future when we 
have full year of Mahad running that we can put out the comparable vis-à-vis the 
business comparable time-frame in the past. So I think what we had stated to have 
a 2 million Euro cost savings. We have by and large been able to achieve that. It 
has been spread over a period of different financial years and quarters, so it is not 
visible at one go, but as we speak, the Mahad facility is up and running to the 
desired level. Like any other production facility, when you have a new facility, there 
will be teething troubles, there are learnings in the new facility and we will continue 
to improve the cost and improve the facility going forward. But it is at the desired 
level of operation cost and operation output, so we are very happy and pleased 
with the Mahad facility. 
Ambareesh Baliga: 
Can I assume that possibly the operational efficiency of Mahad has been negated 
by raw material price increases in the recent past? 
Kedar Vaze: 
In a way yes, because we have been running the PFW facility and the China facility 
in parallel with the Mahad facility and when we completely move and do not make 
the product in multiple locations, then we will have a better OPEX efficiency. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Ganodia from AlfAccurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Ganodia: 
Can you quantify the amount of non-recurring, one-time cost that is included in our 
first half result? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I do not have a specific quantified number because the cost is the overall cost of 
the organizational changes so it is not specific number. In totality, we have couple 
of one off costs. There has been additional freight on material movement as the 
Mahad facility has come on-stream fully and we had to move materials back and 
forth between the Mahad facility and the various stock points across the world and 
there has been cost attributable to people and changes in terms of the 
organizational changes. So in total, I would say, between the people and the one-
off freight and relocation costs, we have about Rs. 6 crore of non-recurring cost in 
the second quarter. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
The Rs. 6 crore is including freight and both employee cost? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, this is everything, so there are various smaller heads and larger heads, but all 
these relate to organizational changes. 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Towards the EBTIDA margin, so how should we look at our EBITDA margin after 
this reorganization exercise? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think we have already indicated that an 18% level of EBITDA is where we used to 
be and if you look at then non one off costs, then we will be there within the next 
one or two quarters and after the non-recurring cost which we expect to hit these 
two quarters, we should be in that 18% to 20% EBITDA level. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Our targeted free cash flow data is Rs. 150 crore, so that would be going towards 
debt repayment? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Largely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Shah from LFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashok Shah: 
We have started with incentivizing schemes for our employees. So what type of 
benefits we expect to derive from this? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Every organization and every employee participation has some level of variable 
incentive. We are just ensuring that we a have more focused approach and the 
variable is linked more to the performance of the Company or business units. 
Ashok Shah: 
So is it applicable to both, say if they do not perform then? 
Kedar Vaze: 
It is not 0 or 1, it is more variable. It is not like 0 and then suddenly, if you perform 
you get 100%. There is a variation, so we are making it more variable than 
previously. 
Ashok Shah: 
Also, sir when you are seeing this performance wise variation, the promoter 
remuneration is on the higher side, so is there any thought on the reducing 
promoter remuneration? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I will refrain from commenting on this I will take your comment to the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee who can relook this and evaluate. 
Ashok Shah: 
Similarly, what was the aim to buyback the share at such a high premium when we 
already have a debt which is to be serviced and we put out the cash by increasing 
the debt or similar way? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think there are various ways to look at it and we have very strong confidence on 
the cash flow of the business and we do not see that this was at an unreasonable 
price or was wrong timing of doing the buyback. 
Ashok Shah: 
So again a prices has gone down, so the Company would be again contemplating 
a buyback because it is not a near the Rs. 180 price which is also a buyback price? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I do not have any immediate view on that. The Board will consider at appropriate 
time what is the best method of distributing profits to the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: 
I got the overall capacity of our plants from the annual report of FY18, so would it 
be possible to share some revenue contribution based on the different plants? 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Kedar Vaze: 
It will be difficult to quantify revenue because there is a host of inter-company 
production and parts are made in one factory and final thing is made in another 
factory. So it is difficult to quantify revenue to each factory. We can try to ascertain, 
I will see if we can give you a better data in the upcoming reports but it is very 
difficult to ascertain because products are made in various factories and supplied 
to each other and they are converted to the final products. So it is not one product 
made in one factory. 
Dhavan Shah: 
But suppose if I talk about the current quarter number so can you share the volume 
growth or maybe the price, I mean price growth a differentiation between these two 
I mean that could be a de-growth, but if you can share the numbers? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think vis-à-vis last quarter to this quarter, there has been almost no price 
increase. There has been 1% approximately 1.5% price decrease. So you have a 
6.5% volume growth and 5% or 7% volume growth and a 5.5% value growth. 
Dhavan Shah: 
And in terms of EBITDA per ton, would it be possible for you I mean for this 
Flavours and Fragrance or maybe the aroma chemicals, how is the EBITDA per 
ton? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The products are vastly different so there is no specific product. Each product is 
tailor-made so there is no per ton per kilo kind of a calculation. It is on a per sale 
basis, so we do a total revenue and a percentage of that revenue. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Can you share some key raw materials? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So we have already shared earlier our main four feedstocks in the industry are 
coming from the Turpentine wood processing, CST or Turpentine, petrochemical 
inputs like Citral. Then we have the natural citrus oils like orange and lemon. We 
have a host of natural products which are very large number of products coming 
from all over the world, which are of the nature of herbs, spices, fruits, bark, natural 
products which are grown or found in different parts of the world and are expected 
for perfumery and flavor use.  
Dhavan Shah: 
How is the price scenario of these few raw materials? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So two years ago the prices had skyrocketed. I think today we are seeing 
somewhat normalization of the prices. Individually, there are 1,200 ingredients. But 
I would say that we are more in line with the normal long-term trend. 
Dhavan Shah: 
So our sales contract is long-term contract. So I mean the prices are fixed at the 
beginning of the year or how does it work if you can share. Have you built up any 
inventory or the low cost inventory will come in the coming quarters? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So we have normally a three to four month lag between the inventories. If I look at 
inventory days, we have 120 inventory days which is on a higher side but 
effectively, we have roughly four to five months of inventory in the system -between 
raw material, WIP and finished goods - and it will take anywhere between two to 
three months before the price corrections, both upwards or downwards, start to 
play in cost corrections for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naitik Mody from OHM Portfolio 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Naitik Mody: 
In Q2, under our Flavour division, our revenues have de-grown by 25% but our 
margins has doubled. Can you please explain that? 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think last year, we had a very depressed gross margin if you look at it from a raw 
material scenario. This year, we are seeing more normal gross margin levels. 
Naitik Mody: 
So is this a sustainable level? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I believe so. I think on both Fragrances and Flavours we are around 40 to 45% 
gross margin level and I think this is the long-term sustainable level of our 
business. 
Naitik Mody: 
But the same does not seem to have played out in your Fragrance business even if 
I exclude the Rs. 6 crore of one-time costs? 
Kedar Vaze: 
On the gross margin level, I think we are on the 42 ballpark number and the one-
time expenses are the one where the expense line is much higher. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ramesh, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ramesh: 
My first question is regarding Fine Fragrance which was around 2% of our total 
business as in Q2 FY18 and we had a target to reach around 10% within three 
years. So we are down already, we have crossed two years so where do we stand 
as on date? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the Fine Fragrance is business in the export market is continuing to grow. 
We will not reach the 10% level in three years, but we will hit much higher number 
than the 2%. As of now, after two years, we are at roughly 4% and we should end 
up between 6% and 7% for the next year. 
Ramesh: 
Sir, the second is about launching the Netherland’s fine Fragrance products here in 
India and India’s products there in the European countries, so at what stage we are 
as on date? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So there are already product wins and products which have been put out both in 
Europe from Indian origin ingredients and others and for India, fragrance from our 
Italian partners have been put out to the customers. Revenue streams are small at 
this point, but the wins and the kind of response for the products are good. 
Ramesh: 
So during last quarter we have launched our products for the new segments like 
industrial Fragrance and automotive sector and all. How is the response for those 
products? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The industrial demand is slow in general and we are no exception to that. 
Ramesh: 
So in spite of all this change as right from last year the raw material and this year 
regarding the demand, are you still hopeful of reaching one billion target in the next 
six or seven years? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think we are focused on making sure that we are in good shape in the next four 
quarters. I am still positive about the underlying long-term initiatives, product 
development, long-term things which we have continued even in this last two, three 
difficult years. So we are on track to have all our readiness for the one billion. At 
this pointour strategic discussion with larger global MNCs, our product 
developments, new molecules, patented technologies, patenting are continuing in 
desired manner. So strategically in long-term, we are doing everything that we 
need to do to reach our goals. In the short term, in the last couple of years we have 
had a lot of macro headwinds and we are now gearing up to be leaner and ready to 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
have these changes factored in a faster manner. But on the long-term direction, 
there is no change. 
Ramesh: 
Sir, lastly, the raw material prices which you have mentioned there was sudden 
and downward reduction, do you foresee further reduction in the prices due to drop 
in demand also? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, I do not think that there will be any further reduction in prices. I think in the raw 
material, there is a knee-jerk reaction both upwards and downwards which is often 
exaggerated and in one, two months things streamline or come down to more 
normal levels. So, in my earlier comments I was only alluding that the pace of 
change which has been witnessed by the industry and global business and 
economies has been very fast and in a matter of 25 to 30 days majority or major 
changes in raw material or demand scenario can occur. 
Ramesh: 
So but whatever the growth you have projected for the second half, to that have 
you already accounted the variation in raw material prices? 
Kedar Vaze: 
At this moment no, we have indicated annualized YoY growth of 12% both volume 
and value so if there is a consistent erosion on raw material and we need to correct 
our selling prices in some cases, we will see some value drop we will try and 
compensate with increased volume sales, but as of now, we are looking at a 
steady 12% YoY vis-à-vis the last year. 
Ramesh: 
Sir, is it fair to assume that if the prices move up gradually, then either price 
dropping down or increasing and transferring it to the customers happens without 
any problems. Is that is a correct assessment? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That is correct. I think when the changes are like a plus / minus 30% in one month, 
we have to absorb the hit and we cannot do any changes to the clients. So we are 
basically working on a six monthly or an annualized average costing in our 
discussions with the clients.  
Moderator: 
Thank You. The next question is from the line of Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhiral Shah: 
What is our current capacity utilization? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think we have already put that out. The capacity utilization is roughly 50% for the 
Mulund and Vashivali facilities. We are at 75% for the other facilities and the 
Netherlands facilities is at a low production level at this point. 
Dhiral Shah: 
With this current gross block which we have, what kind of revenue we can generate 
at optimum utilization? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So the revenue to capacity mix in the industry for most of the formulation business 
is that 15% increase in the volumes gives double the revenue. 
Dhiral Shah: 
So what would be the asset turnover? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Roughly 1.5 to 1.7. We do not have asset turnover measurement as a very 
important criteria because investments are made on a two decade  horizon. So in 
domestic fragrance, our last investment prior to this factory was in 1984 and we did 
our new investment in 2004 / 2007 period. In 2009,it was fully commissioned, since 
10 years we are basically with the same facility and I think another 20 plus years, 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
we will be able to sustain and continue the fragrance operations in the same 
facility. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And sir just lastly why we need to keep an inventory of almost four months? 
Kedar Vaze: 
See, this is the nature of the business. There are various products which are 
available only once a year. So we hold the inventory for the full year plus we are 
keeping normal two to three months of inventory of finished goods, raw material to 
offset the changes in terms of demand forecast, variability. We are relooking this as 
we speak and try and optimize and make it lean, but anyway between 90 to 110 
days is a very normal working capital cycle for our business. 
Dhiral Shah: 
So is there any chance to bring down the working capital days? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We have already alluded, if you go back in history, we have been trying to look at 
10 days per year reduction in working capital and we have been hit by the force 
majeure and unavailability of material in the last two years. We will try to bring 
down the working capital to 120, 130 days level over the next few quarters. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And currently it is how much - 160 days? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That is right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: One question on your growth guidance just wanted to understand, whether this 
12% growth guidance is coming from the demand resurgence that may happen in 
the FMCG industry going forward or so does it account for any additional volumes 
that you will get from the new wins that you have mentioned? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the 12% is a combination of underlying volume growth of the existing 
business and number of new wins which we have already clocked in the last year. 
So everything which has started business in second half of the year, we will have a 
full year effect of that, plus the businesses that have been initiated and begun in 
the first half of this year, we will have the second two quarters. So I would think it is 
a combination of all these three factors. In addition, we have specific targeted wins 
or specific news wins of large volume which we are ready to be commercialized 
and any of them coming on stream will add a percentage point of growth for us. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: So just a follow up on that sir on the new segments that you have been entering in 
the recent times, would you able to guide on you know the kind of opportunity size 
that they may have which you might be able to capture on going forward so over a 
medium term horizon? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So I think the question is how the consumers perceive these changes or new 
products. So potentially it could be very large business, maybe even potentially Rs. 
250 to 300 crore of revenue. All the industrial products that we alluded are in a 
nascent stage and it really depends on the customer and the consumer feedback 
and how these products are appreciated, and they get picked up by the 
consumers, If appreciated by customers, the business on a full potential basis is 
easily Rs. 250 to Rs. 300 crore. We are quite conservative and look at next three to 
five year horizon where we look to do maybe 20% of that business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 Q2 FY20 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, in your opening remarks you have mentioned that during the first half our 
international sales have grown by about 20%, so what is the factor which is driving 
this particular growth and is it possible to maintain similar momentum in second 
half as well? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So I think between the domestic and international, if you look at last year numbers, 
the domestic business had a very strong momentum in the first half, especially in 
the second quarter and the international business had momentum recovery in the 
second half of the year. So we are continuing with the international trend line and 
the growth vis-à-vis YoY comparison, I think in the second half, the international 
business will look at much bigger base. So we will see some returning to sort of 
lower number than the 20% in the first half. At the same time, the domestic base 
effect will mean that our growth rates and the domestic growth rates are higher for 
the second half and the international will look lower. But on the product by product, 
country by country, when you look at the product level, we are seeing strong 
double digit growth on both the segments - international as well as domestic – 
excepting that we have seen no uptick in Diwali or festival season which we 
normally expect in months of August and September. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarification or would like to know more about the 
Company please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of SH Kelkar and Company Limited 
that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
