Speed
!N1 P011Gb/lily
Value Performance
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
28U’i November 2019
To,
The Corporate Services Dept.
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai 400 001.
Security Code: 532456
ISIN: 1NE070C01037
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Exchange Plaza,
C-i, Block C, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai
— 400 051
Symbol: COMPINFO
Sub: Transcript of Analyst Call held on Monday, 18th November 2019
Dear Sir! Ma’ am,
at 12.00 noon 1ST
30
of
the
SEBI
(Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosures
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of the tele
conference call with the analysts held on Monday, 18th November 2019 at 12.00 noon
1ST, to discuss the financial performance for Q2 & Hi FY20 and allied matters.
Please take the disclosure above on records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully
Company Secretary
Place: Mumbai
End: As above.
D-601/602 & G-6011602
Lotus Corporato Park.
Graham Flub Sheet Compound,
Western Express Highway, Goregoan (E),
Mumbai -400063. indLa.
Ph.+91.22-6711 4444
Fax: +91.22.6711 4445
nfo@compuageind[acom
VAW.CompuogeindLacorn
CIN : 199999MF41999p1C1 35914
a
/o —-o\\
10
((tM0M0 ;i
Pursuant
to
Regulation
For Compuage Infocom Limited
Ruchita Shah

M
•
RetIabUlfr
Value Pedocrnance
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
“Compuage Infocom Limited
Q2 & Hi FY2020 Earnings Conference Call”
November 18, 2019
Ii”. Vauo Pet!otmanco
-
COMPUAGE NFOCQM LTD
MANAGEMENT:
MR. ATUL MEHTA
- CHAIRMAN & MANAGING
DIRECTOR - COMPUAGE INFOCOM LIMITED
Page 1 of9

Speed
RellabUlty
Pedoiwonce
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
November 18, 2019
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Compuage Infocom Limited Q2 & HI
FY2020 Earnings conference call. This conference call may contain forward looking
statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of
the company as on the date of this call. The statements are not guarantees of future
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder,
all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*“ then “0” on your touchtone telephone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr.
Atul Mehta, Chairman & Managing Director, Compuage Infocom Limited. Thank you and
over to you Mr. Mehtat
Awl Mehta:
Thank you. Very good afternoon ladies and gentlemen.
I would like to thank you all for
being part of Compuage Infocom Limited’s Q2 and HI FY2020 earnings conference call.
Along with me today we also have SGA, our investor relations advisors.
Let me start with giving you an overview of consolidated Q2 FY2020 results. Revenue for
Q2 FY2020 decreased by 0.8% year-over-year to 1288 Crores while HI FY2020 had
increased by 2% year-over-year to 2215 Crores despite the weak business environment.
Gross profit for Q2 FY2020 exceeds by 13.3% year-over-year to Rs.51.l Crores while for
HI FY20, it is up by 8.9% year-over-year to Rs.88.8 Crores. Gross profit margins expands
by 49 basis points to 3.97% in Q2 FY2020 from 3.48% in Q2 FY2019 and 25 basis points
to 4.01% in HI FY2020 from 3.75% in the same period last year as a result of higher
revenue contribution from a more profitable segment.
EBITDA for Q2 FY2020 stood at Rs.26 Crores up by 10.7% year-over-year and for HI
FY2020 it is up by 5.4% year-over-year to 42.7 Crores. EBITDA margin for Q2 FY2020
expands by 21 basis points year-over-year to 2.02% and HI FY2020 it expanded by 6 basis
points year-over-year to
1.93% on the back of cost optimizations undertaken by the
company. Profit after tax for Q2 FY2020 increased by 51.5% to 10.4 Crores year-over-year
and HI FY2020 it exceeds by 23.2% year-over-year to 14.6 Crores. PAT margins for Q2
FY2020 expanded by 28 basis points year-over-year to 0.8 1% and for HI FY2020 by II
basis points to 0.66%. Return on capital employed for HI FY20 is 15.6% on annualized
basis as compared to 13.5% for FY2019. Return on equity for HI FY2020 is 14.7% on
annualized basis as compared to 12.8% for FY20 19.
Now coming to the business highlights, during the weak business environment prevalent in
the Q2 we focused more on improving our margins and focusing on profitable business
segments and as a result we could outperform in terms of profitability. Lately during the
Page 2 of 9

eod
•
RoiIobll?fr
—
Vokje Performance
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
November 18, 2019
festive season we have seen improved sentiment bagged by consumer demand. The
liquidity crunch with the economy had been in for some time seems to be easing as the
interest rates have reduced a bit and availability of credit comes back to the market, which
will fuel the purchases. We are positive that the IT spends in the country showed increase at
a steady rate. Compuage being associated with global brands with excellent supply chain
and serviceability is well positioned to tap the huge business opportunities and sustain a
growth momentum. With this I shall now leave the floor open for Q&A. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin question and answer
session. The first question is from the line of Ankit Agarwal from Arc Capital. Please go
ahead.
Ankit Agarwal:
Thanks for the opponunit and congrats on a good set of numbers.
I have a couple of
questions so basically as of now how is the competition scenario currently in the IT
distribution business?
Awl Mehta:
\Vell it is an intensely competitive industry. Having said that there are no new distribution
partners that have come in the place.
Ankit Agarwal:
In the quarter have we added any additional brands?
Atul Mehta:
No, we have not added any additional brands. We have just been going a little slow because
the environment is very unpredictable at this point of time and when we add a new brand it
brings in lot more pressures to deliver and delivering under such a scenario is not easy. We
are in discussions so that maybe in another one or two quarters we are back to signing new
brands.
Ankit Agorwnl:
Okay Sir, something is there in the pipeline for the rest of the year?
Atul Mehta:
Yes. So difficult to determine when the new branch will get activated, but we have already
initiated discussions and if not one quarter, in two quarters we should be back to signing
new brands.
Ankit Agarwal:
Okay fine Sir. Sir one last question, in the next year or so do you plan any additional fund
raise?
Atul Mehta:
Well we have not taken a decision on it as of now, but yes that could be coming up. It will
be subject to discussions at board as to how we want to plan for the next financial year, so I
think we will be closing that part of discussions before the end of this calendar year.
Page 3 of9

U ed
•
Peltabülfr
tuo Ftrfoqnonce
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
November 18, 2019
Ankit Agarwal:
Will it be debt or equity?
Atul Mebta:
No what lam referring lois the equity.
Ankit Agarwal:
Okay, fine Sir. So that answers all my questions. Thanks a lot and best of luck.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinath Krishnan, an individual investor.
Please go ahead.
Srinnth Krishnan:
Good morning. Thank you Sir. In the presentation you have mentioned that you have
entered the cloud segment so basically wanted to understand what it really takes to succeed
in the cloud space like the platform, partnership, how can you differentiate compared to
competition what is important because in traditional business scale is a very important
factor how’ does it vork in cloud?
Atul Mehta:
Yes we have entered the cloud space about three quarters back. Since we are in the
enterprise phase of the business and into software it is important to get into the cloud space
because moving forward let us say we do not know the timeframe, but maybe three years,
four years down the line the entire software business will move from outright sales what we
call as on-premise to cloud offerings and what cloud offerings means is maybe individuals,
maybe corporates whoever can subscribe. It is a subscription based utilization so one page
has one user and what Compuage does is just like our any other business be it hardware or
software business we are an important link between the principle software companies and
the resellers and of course ultimately to the end customers. Our entire business model is
through resellers only so we have created a market place platform for resellers to come in
and subscribed whatever software offerings that we have through cloud base for their end
customers, Currently we have tied up with one of the premium brands that we are
associated with which is Microsoft for cloud offerings, along with that we also have 16, l7
other brands and we are in constant discussions with various principle companies to
enhance this portfolio.
Srinath Krishna,,:
Understood, but how do you differentiate like compared 10 Redington or Ingram what is the
value proposition that you provide that gives you the reason to succeed and what is actually
in cloud, what are the important parameters to succeed in traditional businesses, logistics,
the collection and various other things, so in cloud what are the key things to succeed?
Atul Mebta:
So like any other hardware or software business in terms of product offerings we are similar
to what Redington or Ingram offers. The way we have to differentiate ourselves is by
offering better presales support or post sales support to partners who may not have technical
expertise that is required. So I think what we are doing in our existing business of sales of
Page 4 of 9

‘ RsttUtfr
Ii ue ‘1omo,ce
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
November 18, 2019
enterprise products by offering what we tried towards offering better support that is the area
we differentiate ourselves and that is the way we are going to move forward by offering
better support as well as offering a complete gamut of brands under one roof so that reseller
or customers who are resellers can come and get everything under one platform.
Srinath Krishnan:
So is there exclusivity that we have with vendors that be it Microsoft or someone that you
would be seen as strategic player or is there exclusivity involved in this cloud business?
Atul Mehta:
By and large no, the way this industry works is, it works through multi-distribution, if I
were to name Microsoft- Redington, Ingram continues to be cloud providers like Compuage
and there are couple of other players as well so exclusivity is not there.
I think it gets
differentiated on two things, one is the reach that we try and bring on table for our principle
companies going deeper and deeper into the market and giving better support to panners so
that they get aligned with us vis-à-vis competition.
Srinath Krishnan:
Where is the investment need to happen like traditional business is a working capital heavy,
so here there is limited working capital, a) docs it procure a level playing field with a larger
guys because therc is working capital involved and b) do you need to invest in platform or
manpower so where does the investment need to happen from your side?
Atul Mchta:
Multiple places; one is the platform, which will need continuous upgrades, Second is I think
resources remain which are same in both the businesses. Third is in terms of I would say
investments will not change much for the simple reason that when we buy a software and
sell to a reseller we do sell maybe with extended credit term and that same trend may
continue when we sell the subscription model as well so that is something that we will see
as we progress, but I think the investments may be similar.
Srinath Krishnan:
In platform does it require significant investment so how does one differentiate from
others?
Atul Mebta:
There is a onetime investment to create a platform and any technology that we invest in will
require continuous upgrades and keeping the same in line with the requirements of the
industn’.
Srinath Krishnan:
How much are you planning to invest in this platform?
Atul Mehta:
We are in this journey at this point of time. We have stoned with a small investment and I
think we are in the process of evaluating how much more we need to do. I think it is
difficult for me to quantify at this moment because we are still in the process of how much
more we need to do to make sure we are very’ user friendly.
Page 5 of 9

toed
..r’• R&iabtItfr
I1\1 Value fWfo,monce
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
November 18, 2019
Srinath Krishnan:
Great. Good luck Sir. Thanks a lot for your time.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Shah from NM Securities. Please go
ahead.
Amit Shah:
Sir my first question is what is company’s working capital cycle days currently?
Atul Mehta:
The net working capital cycle currently is approximately 35 to 40 days.
Amit Shah:
Okay, which business segment did well in this quarter, Q2?
Atul Mehta:
We have been investing and we see a good upside potential in the enterprise space and that
continues to do well.
Amit Shah:
Okay going further this segment?
Atul Mehta:
While there are some challenges, which are linked to the macroeconomic scenario, but yes
moving forward this is one segment that will do well, the second segment where our play is
limited that is the mobility space so I think that is how we see better growth potential.
Amit Shah:
Okay. Sir we have reduced some debt in HI, do we plan to reduce it further?
Atul Mehta:
We are trying to become more efficient in our working capital cycle so that is a conscious
effort, it is difficult to say whether we will be able to reduce and it will all depend upon how
the business cycles pan out over the next two quarters.
Amit Shah:
Okay Sir. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Kothari from Progwell Securities.
Please go ahead.
Awl Kothari:
Sir thank you for the opportunity. Sir what is the reason for such a huge jump in gross
margins year-on-year basis?
Atul Mehta:
As
I mentioned that trying to grow our enterprise business, which offers a better gross
margin. Ofcourse it also results in higher investments as well, but I think that is the single
most important factor that has resulted in this higher gross margin.
Awl Kothari:
Sir is this gross margin sustainable?
Atul Mehta:
Yes it is sustainable.
Page 6 of 9

I Speed
R&tcbuhty
(ue Pertotmonce
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
November 18, 2019
Atul Kothari:
Okay, Sir can you provide the segment wise revenue breakup and segment wise gross
margins for Q2 FY2020?
Awl Mehta:
We are not getting into segmental divisional P&L so unfortunately I will not be able to
provide that, but
I can share indicative segmental revenue,
We have five divisions IT
consumer, IT enterprise, mobility, fourth is cloud, and fifth is hardware services. Hardware
service contributes very little to the topline so it is insignificant. Cloud is just beginning on
the journey and again it continues to be insignificant. Both these are very, very low single
digit numbers. The major revenue comes out of the top three, which
I mentioned, IT
consumer accounts for maybe approximately 35%, IT enterprise accounts for about 45%
and mobility accounts for approximately 15 to 16%, give or take a percentage of 2 in each
of these categories.
Atul Kothari:
Okay and Sir what is the gross margins for these three segments, which you mentioned,
which form a substantial part of our revenue?
Atul Mehta:
So that is something we are not doing and therefore I will not be able to share the same, we
are not getting into divisional accounts at this point of time.
Atul Kothari:
Thank you Sir that was useful. That is all from my end.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Doshi, an individual investor. Please
go ahead.
Rahul Doshi:
Sir you were talking about this platform, it is an c-commerce platform like thing or it is
some other kind of platform for internal purposes, for your own b2B customers or it is for
all the retail public?
Atul Mehta:
Our entire business model is B2B and that is only through resellers, system integrators,
partners so anything and everything that we are doing is only through partners. It is not
available to end customers.
Rahul Doshi:
Okay so we can assume that it could be Amazon or Flipkart kind of thing but for your B2B
customers’ right, the pattern would be that kind of thing right?
Atul Mehta:
Absolutely.
Rahul Doshi:
Second question was according to your company would be the fair value of the company as
per you at this point of time?
Page 7 of 9

U ed
11J” R&fabIIIly
I
ue Fwlonnonco
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
November 18, 2019
Atul Mehta:
That is a very good question, I will not be able to answer that, I will leave it for the market
people to determine that. Sorry, but I am not an expert on markets to comment on it.
Rahul DasH:
Okay, no problem, thank you so much.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Jam
from Mahavir Investments.
Please go ahead.
Pankaj Jam:
Sir thank you for the opportunity. I just have couple of questions. I would like to know what
would be sustainable EBITDA margin for the coming year and the next two years or any
internal targets, which we can achieve?
Awl Mebta:
We are not giving any forward-looking statement, but our endeavor is going tn he to sustain
growth from here.
Pankaj Jam:
But directionally we can see an improvement in the margin going forward since the
economic scenarios were weak for the quarter and first half going further if the conditions
improve will we see any improvement in the margin?
Atul Mehta:
As I said that is going to be our effort to improve upon it so it is something that possibly we
can review it on a quarter-on-quarter basis. I do not want to make a commitment, but as I
said our eftons are going to improve and grow from here on.
Pankaj Join:
Okay. That is it from me.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Dnshi, an individual investor. Please
go ahead.
Rahul Doshi:
Sir regarding your partners you were saying that you would be waiting for one or two more
quarters to tie up with new partner so I was just asking if this delay in time would be from
our end consciously or from their end because of their decision making?
Atul Mehta:
See what happens is when the industry and the economy is going through a slowdown
evenbody wants 10 go slow in any change in stmcmre that exist with their brand. We have
definitely not slowed down anything. We are just taking a slow view in approaching newer
brands at this point of time. In the event something gets signed up there is a huge
expectation in terms of deliverables and delivering in a slower environment is always cough.
It should not happen that in such an environment we sign up something, we do not deliver
which creates a negative image for the company so I would say from both sides that there is
Page 8 of 9

[ Relied/fl4’
tt/ue PerTh,monee
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
November 18, 2019
a little cautious approach in adding newer distributor and as the scenario improves I think
this whole process will change.
Kabul Doshi:
How much time do you think ‘viii it take to for the improvement of the scenario maybe two
quarters,
three
quarters,
maybe
one-and-a-half years
as
per
your expectation
and
understanding olihe market?
Atul Mebta:
See I am no expert I can only talk to you more as an academician because it is as much a
concern tome and all of us together. But if you ask me my personal opinion I think there
are two challenges that faces any industry, one challenge is that is demand generation and
second is the working capital or the liquidities. Now in terms of demand generation
obviously people become a little cautious in terms of spending, wanting scenario to improve
is one thing, second thing is postponement in the decision making saying that I have an
equipment or a laptop or a software, which is working fine so I will postpone my decision
making so that when scenario changes the overall sentiment gets positive as well as in any
space and especially in IT where the government that is Central, State, Public Sector
Enterprises continue to be a big buyers, so unless they start opening up, which is one of the
important buyers in the industry’ things will continue to be slow. That is one part, which we
are yet to see things opening up. It is all linked to sentiments and everything else.Second,
liquidity situation also has not improved as much so we need to see. So it is difficult to put a
timeframe of one quarter. two quarter. three quarters.
I think both these things need to
happen for the whole machinery Co start humming once again.
Rahul Doshi:
Okay. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul
Mehta for his closing comments. Over to you Sir!
Awl Mebta:
Thank you all the participants for joining us today. I hope I have been able to answer most
of your queries. We look forward to your participation in the next quarter and any queries
that you may have in the interim you may contact our investor relations advisors, SOA.
Thank you once again.
Moderator:
Thank you very’ much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Compuage Infocom Limited
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect
your lines.
Page 9 of 9
