呸i Avanti 
a 
呸 Feeds Limited 
Ref: 
AFL/BSE & NSE/2019-20 
The Deputy General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI - 400 001 
Fax: 
022-2272 2041 I 22723121 
Aiding Sustainability & 
Reliability to Aquaculture 
25th November, 2019 
National Stock Exchange India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Fax: 022-26598237/38 
Sub: 
Avanti Feeds Limited -Audio Conference Call for Investors conducted on 31st October, 
2019 - Transcript of Audio Conference call - Reg. 
Ref: 
Our letter No: AFL/BSE & NSE/2019-20 dated 25.10.2019 
*** 
Further to our letter cited, we enclose herewith the transcript of Audio Conference Call for 
Investors conducted on 31st October, 2019 in connection with Un-audited Financial Results for 
the Quarter Ended 30th September, 2019. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for AVANT! FEEDS LIMITED 
呸 呸呸Ct呸l.--dl-( (\,呸, 
C. RAMACHANDRA RAO 
JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
COMPANY SECRETARY & CFO 
Encl: As above. 
Corporate Office: G-2, Concorde Apartments. 6-3-658. 
Somajiguda, Hyderabad-500082, Telangana State, India. 
\.+91140) 23310260/61 i!! +91140) 23311604 
呸 www.avantifeeds.com 
avantiho!clavantifeeds.com 
Registered Office: Flat No.103, Ground Floor. R Square, 
Pandurangapuram, Visakhapatnam - 530003, 
Andhra Pradesh, India. 
CIN: L16001APl993PLC095778 


.r 
...., Avant! 
呸 Feeds Limited! 
"A van ti Feeds Limited Q2 FY '20 Earnings Conference Call" 
October 31, 2019 
IS 
EJst lodi.1 Securities Ltd 
E:..<clkot 
t 
lnv(stmi!nt 
I 
5呸 
MANAGEMENT: 
MODERATOR: 
MR. C. RAMA.CHANDRA RAO - JorNT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
AV ANTI FEEDS LIMITED 
MR. ALLURI NIKHILESH - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
AV ANTI FROZEN FOODS PRIVATE LIMITED 
MR. M. VENKATESWARARAO-GM(CORPORATEAFFAIRS), 
AV ANTI FEEDS LIMITED 
MR. K. P AIDI RAJU - GM (FINANCE & ACCOUNTS), 
AV ANTI FEEDS LIMITED 
Ms. LAKSHMI SHARMA - CS, 
AV ANTI FROZEN FOODS PRIVATE L!MlTED 
MR. NITIN AWASTHI - EAST INDIA SECURITIES LIMITED 
Page 1 of 21 

呸呸 Avanti 
呸 Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Moderator: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Avanti Feeds Limited Q2 FY '20 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by East India Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing '*' and then 'O' on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Awasthi from East 
India Securities, Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Thank you. Good Morning everyone. On behalf of East India Securities, I would like to 
Welcome you all to the Q2 FY '20 results earnings conference call of A vanti Feeds. We would 
like to thank the management for giving us this opportunity to host the call. We have with us the 
senior management of Avanti Feeds Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao - Joint Managing Director; Mr. 
Alluri Nikhilesh - Executive Director, Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited; Mr. M. 
Venkateswara Rao - GM (Corporate Affairs); Mr. K. Paidi Raju - GM (Finance & Accounts); 
and Ms. Lakshmi Shanna - CS, Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited. 
I would now like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir. 
Thank you, Mr. Nitin. Good Morning, Ladies and Gentlemen, we extend a warm Welcome to 
all of you for this investor's conference call today, to review the unaudited financial results of 
Q2 FY 2020. Along with me here are Mr. Nikhilesh-Executive Director, Avanti Frozen Foods 
Private Limited; Mr. Paidi Raju - GM (Finance & Accounts); and Mr. M. Y. Rao - GM 
(Corporate Affairs); and Ms. Lakshmi Sharma- Company Secretary, Avanti Frozen Foods Pvt. 
Ltd. and other senior Finance and Accounts executives. 
The results ofQ2 FY '20 are already with you for some time now and we are sure that you would 
have already gone through them. However, I would like to share with you some of the key 
indicators from the results. This I will deal with consolidated financial results, the comparative 
performance of Q2 FY '20 with that of QI FY '20 and Q2 FY '19 have been given in the 
presentation already circulated to you, which indicates the significant growth in the gross income 
PBT and also PAT quarter-on-quarter basis. 
However, it would be more appropriate to compare the performance of first half -year of FY '20 
with that of first half- year of FY' 19 as this would show the comprehensive performance for the 
first six months in this year compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. 
The gross income for the first half-year was Rs. 2196.81 crores as compared to Rs. 1815.18 
crores corresponding to previous year registering a growth of 21.02%. The PBT is Rs. 285.81 
crores in the first half year as compared to Rs. 211.32 crorcs of the corresponding period of the 
previous year, registering an increase of Rs. 74.49 crores. 
Page 2 of 21 

I 
,1 A 
. 
I .#呸,. vanti 
........... Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
The PBT increased to l 3.0 l % on gross income from 11.64% of the previous period. The PAT 
also grew from Rs. l 45.10 crores to Rs. 228.72 crores registering an increase of Rs. 83.62 crores. 
The PAT increased to 10.4 l % from 7.99% on gross income, which is mainly due to opting for 
reduced tax under new tax ordinance. 
Feed financial results: 
The gross income during first half -year is Rs. 1771.53 crores as compared to Rs. l 487. l 8 crores 
in the corresponding period of the previous year registering a growth of Rs. 284.35 crores at 
l 9. l 2%. The PBT during first half is Rs. 237 .82 crores as compared to Rs. l 70.95 crores in the 
corresponding period of the previous year, registering an increase to l 3.42% from 1 l.50% on 
the gross income. The PAT went up from Rs. l 12.0 l crores to Rs. 185.29 crores with an increase 
of Rs. 73.28 crores registering an increase through Rs.10.46 from Rs. 7.53 on gross total income. 
Coming to shrimp processing financial results, the gross income in the first half of the year grew 
to Rs. 427.03 crores from Rs. 331.25 crores, registering an increase of Rs. 95.78 crores al 
28.92%. The PBT in the fast half of the current year is Rs. 47.23 crores as compared to Rs. 39.86 
crores, i.e. an increase of Rs. 7.37 crores, However, in terms of percentage the PBT has declined 
marginally to l l.06% on gross income from 12.03% during the corresponding period of the 
previous year. 
Shrimp hatchery: The construction of shrimp hatchery Phase I with a capacity of 200 million 
seeds per annum is in the advanced stage of construction and commercial production is expected 
to be commenced by end of this year. 
Industry overview: 
Let me share with you the current status of the shrimp culture industry in India. Indeed, it is a 
matter of great relief that since beginning of this year, shrimp export prices started stabilizing 
and farm gate prices of shrimps are also improved significantly assuring the farmer of the 
sustainability of the shrimp culture in the long run and provide much needed confidence to 
resume shrimp culture at normal levels. But for this development, the shrimp culture would have 
declined further in this year also, However, even with this positive environment, the expectation 
as per the Global Aquaculture Alliance in the recent seminar, the significant growth is not likely 
to happen in the shrimp production in this year. But however, they expect that there would be 
growth in the future. We expect that the production would be around 6 lakh tons as in this year 
also. This is evident from the estimated consumption of about 7.75 lakh tons of feed from 
January to September compared to 8 lakh tons consumption during the corresponding period of 
2018. It is estimated that a further 3 to 3.5 lakhs tons would be consumed during October to 
in the last year. 
Page 3 of 21 

Av anti 
#f '呸 Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Coming to the A van ti Feed sales - In spite of expectations of a degrowth by about 10% to 12% 
in shrimp production during 2019 as per the GOAL survey, the present trend indicates that the 
shrimp production in India is likely to be same as in the last year, which is about 6 lakh tons. 
Correspondingly, the feed consumption also is likely to be around I 0.5 lakh tons to 11 lakh in 
2019 also as in 2018. As you know, Avanti has not only been keeping its farmer's base intact, it 
is also adding new farmers and new areas to its sales network year after year. As a result, the 
market share of feeds have gone up from 45% to 48% during the first half of this year and this 
will assure about 4.75 lakh tons sales as against 4.22 lakhs tons in FY '19 for the whole year 
with approximately I 0% growth, provided the existing shrimp culture environment continues 
for the rest of the season, which appears to be quite possible in the second crop also. Coming to 
the shrimp processing and exports, as per the presentations made at GOAL last week in Chennai, 
the shrimp aquaculture production is projected at CAGR of 4.9% during the period from 2015 
lo 2021. According to this report, after recording a growth of about 5% in 2018 over 2017, i.e. 
from 6% to 11 %, the growth is projected to be flat with normal increase of about I% in 2019 
over 2018. Thereafter, it is projected to grow at about 4.9% annually, till 2021. 
The global production is projected to be about 4.8 million tons in 2019 and production by India 
is projected to be about 0.55 million to 0.6 million tons in this year. As per our estimate also, the 
production is expected to be about 0.6 million tons in this year in India same as in the previous 
year. During the first half- year of FY '20, 6139 tons of processed shrimp were exported by us 
compared to 5041 tons during the corresponding period of FY '19, registering a growth of l 098 
tons at 21.78%. The combined capacity utilization of both the plants during the first half of FY 
'20 is 63% as compared to 52% during corresponding period of FY '19. The Company envisages 
to achieve a combined capacity utilization of about 70% by end of FY '20. During the first half 
of FY '20, 1670 tons of value-added products were exported as compared to l 039 tons during 
the corresponding period of FY' 
19 registering a growth of 54.82% as we stated earlier, we are 
focusing on the value-added products. It is the endeavour of the Company to focus more on the 
exports of value-added products and also increase exports to other markets other than US market. 
Coming to the Government support, in our previous investors call, we had told you that several 
measures are being taken by the Central and Stale Governments to lay thrust on the development 
of fisheries, which is identified as a potential growth sector for employment creation and exports. 
However, the specific measures contemplated for growth of this sector are yet to be announced 
by the Government and it is hoped that it will materialize in due course. As we staled earlier, a 
separate Ministry has been created by the Goverrunent of India, but still the full active 
involvement in the development of the fisheries and allocation of files, the distribution of funds 
through the nodal agencies like MJ>EDA, CAA is yet to come from the Government. I think with 
this brief note on the present status, we will now take up the questions from you lo answer. 
J(.t ,. y 
Page 4 of 21 

i 
I 
· · Avanti 
I 4 呸 Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Moderator: 
Vimal Cohil: 
CR Rao: 
Vimal Cohil: 
C RRao: 
Vimal Gohil: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Mr. Vimal Gohil from Union Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir, just wanted some clarity, the feed volume growth guidance earlier was about 5% to 10%, 
for the first half of FY '20 you have already achieved 19%, Would you like to update this 
particular guidance or would you want to keep it the same and if it is the same, why is it so? 
Normally the feed sales depend upon the movement of the culture and how it is taking place. 
One quarter over the other quarters sometimes what happens is the culture gets extended. For 
instance, earlier they were harvesting at a smaller size, now they are going for a bigger size, So 
naturally the duration of the crop itself gets extended, so that is the reason why in the first half 
we have registered a very impressive growth, but normally the last quarter that is October- 
November-December, if you look at the past record, it is normally the declining season because 
as the winter approaches the culture activity comes down, but we find that this year the culture 
is likely to be continued because in some of the places in India which were starved of rain in the 
last couple of years like in Andhra Pradesh, Nell ore districts and other surrounding areas and 
also in Tamil Nadu where the rains were not there last year. This year we are getting good rains 
now. So we expect that the same trend would continue, but we cannot assure that it will be 19%, 
but definitely it will be slightly better than the corresponding quarters of the previous year, that 
is what our expectation is. Of course, too much rain also sometimes is not good, we expect but 
this will help the culture in this quarter also of October-November-December quarter. This will 
continue for the next quarter also that is Jan-Feb-March Q4 of FY '20. This will have an impact 
there also because culture continues there also, so we will have sales even in that quarter 
compared to better than earlier year quarters. 
Would you want to slightly increase your volume growth guidance outlook for the full year of 
FY '19 from 5% to 10%? 
What we told is, last year around 420 we made and we expect about 460 to 470 this year, which 
means it is about 10% to 12% on an average for the whole year. If we get good culture it goes 
till January-February also, we may even cross that, it may go to 12% to 13%, so average would 
be 14% to 15% growth will be there. 
Sir, the second question is on shrimp processing- on the margins, despite the healthy sales growth 
of 15%, the margins are going down why, can 1 get some clarity on that? 
There are two aspects to this - one definitely the market is becoming competitive as well as 
increasing the sales, we are getting into new accounts so basically we need to build the business, 
so sometimes to enter the account we are building the business and that is the first point, the 
market is very competitive. The second is most of our products which just happened to be that 
Page 5 of 21 

Avanti 
Fi:eds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
they are in transit, so that is the second reason. Usually, you can expect the same 10% to 12% 
level like that is the normal level that we normally guide. 
Vimal Gohil: 
C RRao: 
Moderator: 
Nitesh Jain: 
CR Rao: 
Nitcsh .Iain: 
CR Rao: 
Sir, lastly on Bangladesh expansion what are the updates there? 
The performance for our first consignment which we have sent for the first crop, the performance 
was exceedingly good and the response from the farmers, recently we had farmers meet also 
there and this is quite encouraging. But only thing is in Bangladesh only Black Tiger culture is 
allowed and Vannamei - there is a lot of effort being made by the farmers and also dealers lo get 
the Vannamei culture introduced into Bangladesh that is before the Government of Bangladesh. 
If the Vannamei culture is allowed, then we will be having a very good market and a big market 
from Bangladesh also. As of now, the market is around I 0,000 Tons to 15,000 Tons now, and 
we are confident that definitely in the next crop, our share there also will increase and once the 
Vannamei is introduced, certainly we will have a very good market there because the adjacent 
Bengal their performance is exceedingly well, our feed and the Bangladesh farmers have very 
good interaction with the Bengali farmers and they know about our product and all, so definitely 
the Vannamei culture comes, we will have a big market in Bangladesh also. We hope that in the 
coming months in the second crop and all, we are trying to target more there in the Bangladesh 
market. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Nitesh Jain from Birla Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir, basically [ have two questions, number one on the similar lines the export opportunity for 
the feed business, so on the Bangladesh market as Mr. Rao Sir mentioned, r want to know like 
how big is the market like India for example is like 6 lakh tons, similarly how big is the entire 
Bangladesh market and is it predominantly the Black Tiger shrimp? 
Yes. 
Thirdly, like who are the competitors, who is supplying feed currently there, this is the first 
question? 
Let me answer this question and then we will go to the next question. The Bangladesh market - 
as of now, it is around 15,000 tons which is only Black Tiger. They do not have Vannamei, so 
the Vannamei definitely will have a much more peak consumption, so lot of efforts are being 
made to introduce Vannamei in Bangladesh, we hope that it will be approved by the Government 
soon. Tfwe increase it will definitely go beyond two to three times easily will go once they start 
Vannamci culture. 
Nitcsh Jain: 
Like who are the current feed suppl icr? 
Page 6 of 21 

A呸1 Avanti 
I呸 Feeds Ltml t e d ] 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
CR Rao: 
Nitesh Jain: 
CR Rao: 
Nitcsh Jain: 
CR Rao: 
Nitcsh Jain: 
C RRao: 
Nitcsh Jain: 
CR Rao: 
CP is the main supplier there now. 
Sir, this 15,000 tons per annum or per month? 
15,000 per annum. 
That is a very small market I mean? 
Very small market because of Black Tiger, once Vannamei is introduced, they will have more 
consumption and they are trying to undertake culture in more areas also, they have also large 
areas there, they want to do it, but they are looking for support from the Government. 
Secondly, Sir on the raw material side, usually you give an update in the beginning of the call 
only, Can you update us what is the situation there on the Soya meal and fish meal and other 
things, I mean slightly they have gone up? 
Your observation is correct. Slightly it has gone up but nevertheless by our own formulations 
and combinations, we have been able to maintain the same level of performance for the feed in 
spite of the marginal increase. I hope that the soya crop is now due, it is almost ready for harvest. 
It starts coming in November somewhere around l 0-l l'h November 2019, the new crop starts 
coming, but this year the production is likely to be slightly lesser than last year, but the rumors 
are making round that it is around 25% down, but in fact it is not so. It is about I 0% to 15% may 
be reduction in the production, but the price- wise, one good news is that the Indian market the 
price is likely to be stable or remain slightly less than that. lt is not likely to increase much 
because of good crop elsewhere in the world also like Brazil and US, they have also good crop 
not much of price increase we contemplate in the rest of this year. We hope that more or less 
same price level will be maintained. On the fish meal side, it did go up actually in the last this 
thing, but il again came down. The quality which we use is around Rs. 41 now, which went from 
38 to 41 about Rs. 3 it wenl up mainly because of the Minimum Support Price being announced 
by the Government. The Central Government announced this last time Minimum Support Price, 
so that has really taken the price up and there are lot of stocks available and exports are not 
taking place now, because they are not competitive compared to global markets like the US or 
Brazil, so that is why I think we expect that the prices will not go up much, more or less they 
remain on the same levels as in the last year. 
Sir, broadly basically this PBT or EBIT or whatever I mean the EBITDA margin would by and 
large be maintained for the period we expect? 
Yes, it should be more or less that. 
Page 7 of 21 

Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Nitesh ,Jain: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Nitesh Jain: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
CR Rao: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
Nitcsh Jain: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
Moderator: 
I 1 
, ' 
·' 
J 
I 
Lastly, how do you read the current shrimp prices which like have gone up for at least for the 
larger sizes, so you think there could be a big boost to the first crop in 2020 calendar year if the 
current buoyancy sustains? 
Definitely, that is what we feel but normally when we talk with the farmers, they say prices are 
low, even if it goes up Rs. 100 tomorrow, they are going to still say the price is low, but anyway 
that is our expectation, honestly that is what happens now. 
Global shrimp prices are sustaining at higher levels, so far? 
From the last investor call till now, they have been more or less stable. T think from the last seven 
weeks, some sizes are I% down, some sizes are I% up, but overall it has been more stable and 
that is what all of us want. 
The bigger sizes of shrimps are grown now, they are waiting, farmers earlier in panic last year 
they did harvest at smaller sizes, but this year they are waiting so the prices are also good, they 
are able to make that. 
1 would not say that they are good prices, definitely better prices than last year, 1 think it is a 
comparatively fair price, it is covering their cost of production which it was not covering last 
year, but again it depends on a multitude of things right about how the farmer does manage his 
crop, what sizes he targets and which feed he uses and things like that, but overall I think we are 
in a better situation than last year definitely, but if you say we are in a very good position, I 
would not say we are in a very good position, T would say it is in comfortable level. 
Lastly, Mr. N ikhi lesh can you comment on the export market for the processing business, 1 mean 
this entire inventory hangover which was there last year is now completely out in US and the 
material is moving freely, what is your sense? 
Again, this you can say like a casual discussion when we ask our buyer what is the situation, 
they always say that there is lot of products and because of course they are trying lo negotiate 
for a better price, But honestly on cumulative l think product is moving well in the US, product 
is being sold l think because my personal opinion is that the economy is a good, lot of jobs and 
unemployment level is very low, so 1 think lot of people have enough money and they are earning 
money to spend on a premium category product like shrimp, so it is moving well and product 
that has been held up from last year, most ofit has been moved out and most of the new products 
are being moved out now. From what T see, it is very healthy not only the US market, the other 
markets like China and Japan, there also they seem very healthy this year. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 8 of 21 

I 
1 
• 
·1 
• ,4 Avanti 
,,..,,,., Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Pravccn Sahay: 
CR Rao: 
Pravecn Sahay: 
C RRao: 
Pravcen Sa hay: 
C RRao: 
Sir, my query on the volume of the feed as in the previous question you had mentioned that the 
feed volume would be in the range of around 4,60,000 Tons to 4,70,000 Tons for a year, ifI 
consider those the second half you are expecting a no growth, a flat number? 
What I said was the total consumption for the year as such would be same as the last year which 
is about total 11 lakh Lons in India. Our share last year it was 4,20,000 Tons which will go up to 
4,50,000 Tons to 4,75,000 Tons, which means it is about 10% growth -that is what I said. 
For the second half then that will be flat, some 2% to 3% of growth ifT just calculate on the basis 
of your number? 
If you look at the past trends, normally the first- second quarter is the peak quarter, second and 
third that is the April-May-June and July-August-September normally they are the peak, April- 
May-June is the best quarter if you look at the past records, but what we are trying to see the 
trend 'that now is that it is continuing even in the third quarter, which is October-November- 
December and which will also have an impact on fourth quarter January-February-March, So 
total together we said there will be about l 0% to 12% growth will be there, over the last year, 
that is what l was mentioning earlier. 
Basically, Tam not asking for an entire year, .l am just saying for the second half because you 
had already delivered a 19% of growth in the first half and the total volume of around 2,67,000 
metric tons, ifl will go with your numbers, it will be second half of around 2,11,000, so that will 
be a growth of around 6% to 7%, so is it the way actually you are guiding way forward in the 
year? 
Let me explain to you again, !just explained this earlier also that the aquaculture does not happen 
on quarter-on-quarter basis measurements. It will depend upon the culture situation. 
In this year what happened earlier the April-May-June was less and it picked up in subsequent 
quarters and the culture continued for that and now the stockings are Laking place. It will continue 
up to January-February that is what our expectation is. If you look at the past this never happened 
like that, November-December it gradually comes down, again the fresh stockings start in the 
month of February, that is normal trend of aquaculture. It is not like in any other industry where 
you can specifically say quarter-on-quarter growth, that is the reason in my initial note, I just 
mentioned that instead of comparing on quarter-on-quarter basis it is always better to compare 
a cumulative on six months or nine months basis so that you can have a better idea about what 
is the growth. If the first quarter spills over to second quarter, then you will find a big jump in 
the second quarter which happened now compared to the corresponding quarter of the previous 
year or corresponding previous quarter, so that is not the correct assessment in aquaculture. We 
have to see the total cumulative performance, then feed sales also has to be taken only on that 
Page 9 of 21 

呸! Avanti 
........_, Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
will be around 4,60,000 to 4,70,000 somewhere in that range which means about 10% to 15% 
growth. 
Praveen Sahay: 
CR Rao: 
Pravcen Sahay: 
C RRao: 
Alluri Nikhilsh: 
Modern tor: 
Coming back to the last year number of FY '19 as you were explaining that is 11 lakh metric ton 
of total market last year, you did of around some 4,20,000 metric ton, but that is not give you a 
48% or 49% of market here, the lower? 
It will be like 11 lakh tons does not mean that exactly it is the feed conversion ratio will be 
between 1.5 to 2 depending upon feed. Our feed consumption is that we give a better conversion 
rate, entire 11 lakh tons will not convert into 7 lakh Tons of production, so what we have to see, 
we go by the average numbers. These 11 lakh or 10.5 lakhs Tons, we do not have a precise 
figures as to exactly how much, but we calculate on the basis of the region wise and aggregate 
the total consumption and we arrive at the total estimated our share in the market. There is no 
official data available to say that so much feed has been consumed, No agency, Government 
agency or private agency, has maintained the total feed consumption, It is the estimates made by 
each company so it is around maybe I% or 2% variance is always there. 
Sir, if I look at in your fourth quarter call and the presentation you mentioned 49% of market 
share, so look at the calculation, if! look at for 4,20,000 metric tons of US 49% it comes out to 
flat 60,000 metric tons of our total market and if you are saying of 11 lakh metric tons then it is 
a big variation actually for the entire market? 
What I told is 7.75 lakh tons till now plus another 3,25,000 tons for the rest of the year put 
together it is 11 lakhs that is what I told. These numbers feed consumption as I told you, we do 
not have exactly how much each company is selling the feed nor we have each farm how much 
feed is being consumed- these are all the estimates. The variance of 5% to 10% at present is 
quite possible. We go by the market data, we do our own survey and the production is 11 lakh 
tons is estimated sales, it could be I 0.80 or it could be 11.20, and second thing is the survival 
rate also counts. If the survival rate is high, the consumption will be high, if the survival rate is 
low, the consumption will be low. 
Also just to add to this - it also depends on the counts that are being in the farm , it is more 
complex than just like putting a number onto the paper, it depends on what counts are in the 
farm bigger counts consume more feed, lower counts consume less feed and also the second 
point also being that we usually tone down our market share number when we are giving it out 
from our internal estimate, So we try to give a best estimate when we are providing something 
to our investors. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Nitin Gosar from Invesco Mutual fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 10 of 21 

Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Nitin Cesar: 
C RRao: 
Nitin Gosar: 
CR Rao: 
Nitin Gosar: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
The question is pertaining to the raw material, you touched upon soya, can you please touch 
upon fish meal and wheat flour, how is the envirorunent? 
Fish meal also is likely to be on the same level this year. The only thing is what we are seeing is 
recently the Government has levied 5% GST on it. We are trying to represent the Government 
not to charge 5% on that, but Finance Minister recently bas given that from July l , 2017, to 
September 30, 2019, it is exempted from GST. So we are now again making representation to 
continue the status, not to charge GST on fish meal because this is going into the production of 
shrimp which is for ultimate export purpose, so this is what we are trying. l f that 5% is levied 
then the cost will go up, but for that by and large the price remain at around Rs. 89 to Rs. 91 per 
Kg of fish meal, that is the range. The catches are also not exceedingly good, but they are okay, 
they are able to produce the fish meal because now the season has started, fish catches are 
reasonably good, now and then it is less but by and large the rate is likely to be between Rs.89 
and Rs. 91 per kg. 
Flour? 
Flour it is around Rs. 29 per Kg, whenever the Government announces minimum support price, 
the prices of wheat flour tend to shoot up, so we are expecting that it will be around Rs. 27 to 
Rs. 29 per Kg., that is the range which we are looking for. Again, I am saying that they are going 
to announce Minimum Support Price to all the wheat and etc., but we do not know what they are 
going to do, but it will be around Rs. 27 to Rs. 29 and an average of Rs. 28 per Kg. 
The question pertains to shrimp export industry, so last one year has been quite slow for the 
industry in terms of the present behavior have been on the end realization, so with recent 
improvement in realization, is it good enough to say that the farmer profitability is back and 
probably the production will be in-line plus the export realization are also healthy? 
Just one thing- l think one of the concepts that you have got is not accurate. The realizations are 
lower actually because the raw material prices moved up higher than our realization price in the 
export market, so the profit the company realizes is actually lower for the packers. For the Fanner 
like I answered the previous question, it is not like the farmer community is more comfortable 
than they were last year, but I would not say that they are very happy about the current price 
levels and everybody expects pricing level to go higher, but it is in a good level from what I see 
as a personal opinion, so normally from what [ say if we just take a look at the trend, last year 
the prices were not good so the first crop was down and then once the prices move to a more 
comfortable range, the farmers came forward and started their activity again, and there is 
stability now and looking at all these factors in the business I feel that there is definitely a more 
comfortable situation for them to continue farming and increase their fanning size. There are lot 
more farmers who take in a holiday and if all of them come forward, definitely we can expect a 
higher crop and there is potential in India that is the most important thing for new farmers and 
Page 11 of 21 

/l A 
· t· 
..... 呸 
van _1 
........., Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Moderator: 
Mano] Garg: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Manoj Garg: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Manoj Garg from White Oak Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhilesh, ifwe look at your shrimp processing business, I think we have been highlighting time 
and again that obviously the focus is more on the value-added and even on the opening remarks 
also, Mr. Rao had indicated the same thing, however, little bit surprised in terms of the realization 
in the margins for the quarter, [ think despite the high sales l think the previous participants also 
asked this question that despite the higher sales, the margin probably in the processing business 
is lowest in the last four to five quarters, so if you can put some more light out there? 
What we have seen - the raw material price increased about 4% to 5% higher than the realization 
side, just in a broader picture because we increased the number of value-added products, we did 
not get impacted as much as we should have because the first thing is that about a majority of 
about 70% to 75% of our cost is the raw material prices, it is an expense of commodity. If the 
price of this commodity increases a lot, that means that our sales price also has to increase 
relatively. 
But in this instance what happened was the raw material increased 5% to 6% but the realization 
increased much less. So that was the gap that we saw reduction in margin, actually from just a 
calculation that I think our margin should have fallen to 8%, but since we increased our value- 
added products we actually were able to maintain it in the guidance that we always give, which 
is 10% to 12%, but the other thing is that we are continuing to increase our value-added products 
not only the existing products that we do, but we are also working on adding new line to make 
sure any competitiveness in this commodity business does not affect our margins. 
Second thing like you have been indicating in the past instances that we have started putting lot 
more efforts on the Japanese market and probably we have got an entrance through one 
customers, so if you can take us through how the progress out there and how do we see the scope 
in terms of processing business was out there? 
First of all, it is not only one customer there are few customers that we are working with and the 
reason why I highlighted this was not because this business is a substantial business, but it is 
only that we are focusing on new markets. The existing business that we have in the market, our 
existing customers are very happy with our supplies and also we are working on increasing our 
customers over there where they are very specific on certain products we are increasing the 
production capacity of those products. The second, we are also introducing some new products 
which are specific to these markets, it is not machinery mainly it takes a multitude of things 
because it is new product development, it takes probably like six months to one year to introduce 
a new product, so we are working on it right now. We are working towards that, once we reach 
l think in future probably in the next six months or l 2 months or 18 months, you can see that we 
arc doing more volume lo these markets, But another thing that l want to also point out is these 
markets are something that we are improving and adding into our account to reduce our risk of 
D 
Page 12 of 21 

Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
dependency on the US market, But this quarter our performance in the US market has been very 
good. One thing is because of it even providing very good quality of products, our customers are 
very happy with the quality they are receiving from us, our on-time deliveries are multitude of 
factors which come into the business and also we are opening a lot with new accounts, so we 
have seen good increase in the US markets which is very healthy because it is already a very big 
market and we are also increasing in it, so it is not still we have not saturated, we are still growing 
very well in these markets as well. 
Manoj Garg: 
CR Rao: 
Moderator: 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
C RRao: 
Dhccresh Pathak: 
This question is for Mr. Rao, Sir like are we going to get any benefits of this new tax regime, 
which Govenunent has announced and even like are we looking to take advantage of the newer 
tax regime for the new manufacturing, can we participate in the new lax regime also in any way? 
The new tax regime- as mentioned earlier that Avanti Feeds is opting the new tax regime, which 
means is a lesser tax by about 9. 7% to I 0%, approximately I 0% less tax. Since we do not have 
any MAT tax credit or we do not have any carry forward losses or additional depreciation, none 
of these benefits which are not available under the new regime are not there for Avanti Feeds. 
So we are going to opt for it, we get the advantage of that I 0% less tax that is one thing which 
we are doing. As far as the frozen is concerned since we are availing the 80-TB which is the tax 
holiday for first five years, we are in the middle ofit, this is the third year, so we are almost the 
new plant whatever the profits generated by the new plant is exempted from tax till 2022, so we 
will not take that option and we take the 80-IB benefit, the tax holiday and will have to review 
at that time because still we will have MAT credit. We expect that we will have about Rs.70-80 
crores of MAT credit also will be available at the end of that year then we will have to see 
whether it is advantageous to go for the option or continue this, we will give you at that time but 
for the time being, Avanti Feeds has opted for the new tax regime and Avanti Frozen is 
continuing with the existing tax structure. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Dheeresh Pathak from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, if you do not mind can you repeat the guidance for the shrimp feed volume for the full year 
FY '20, at one question you gave 10% and you mentioned 15 and then you gave some other 
number, so if you can repeat that guidance again? 
First, let me share with you the absolute quantities that are going to be consumed in India versus 
our Avanti Feed sales. The total estimated sales for FY '20 is 11 lakh tons of which we hope to 
get about 4,65,000 to 4,70,000 tons that is what we have. So far we have done 2,67,000 up to 
six months, so the balance we will make up and by end of the year we will be reaching about 
4,60,000 to 4,70,000 tons. 
On the volume on the processing side, if you can give the guidance how much we expect to do 
for the full year? 
Page 13 of 21 

I 
A 
ti 
, A·'"J 
van I 
I.........., F呸eds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
Dhecrcsh Pathak: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
CRH.ao: 
Dhcercsh Pathak: 
CR Rao: 
Dhceresh Pathak: 
CR Rao: 
Moderator: 
Ayush Mittal: 
You can expect 10% increase from last year minimum. 
Sir, this is much lower than what you had, sorry I understood last time you had given about some 
25% to 26% growth guidance? 
. No, I do not think we gave that guidance. 
So only 10%, so can you just explain? 
Minimum I 0%, When it comes to the frozen business, it is a contract basis, so we finish the 
contract for the December sales, so that is their year end, about if you see 80% of our product 
goes to the US market and coming December all the products which is the peak season 
November and December for their sales which is basically Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year, 
they call this the holiday season sale, once all these sales go into the US after December once 
they finish their holidays, everybody is going to get back to the office and review their stock 
positions and give the new contracts only in the mid or end of January or early February, so it is 
very hard to predict right now because we need to see how much it will sell over there also, so 
it is very hard to give, so next quarter will give you better update. 
Last question for the raw material typically you gave the quarter average prices, Can you share 
those numbers for the three raw materials the average cost for you for the quarter? 
Feed raw material- I said that it is expected to be more or less it will be on the same level as in 
the last year in the first and second quarters also, the third quarter also it will be the same level. 
Actual per Kg cost for Q2 FY '20 that you incurred in this quarter? 
Q2 it is around Rs. 52.5 per Kg, we take only major three, soya, wheat flour and fish meal, Rs. 
52.3 per Kg that is what the raw material cost is. 
What was the individual breakup, soya, fish and wheat? 
The prices are there, but not the percentage, combined only we can tell you, the rate I can give 
you that the Q2 average rate of fish meal was about Rs. 89.25 per Kg and soya was Rs. 4 I .60 
per Kg, wheat flour was Rs. 24.51 per Kg. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Mittal from MAPL Value Investing 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Sir, first question is around the GST which might gel introduced on the fish meal, if that happens 
will we be increasing the feed prices? 
Page 14 of 21 

..-呸, Avanti 
........, Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
CR Rao: 
Ayush Mittal: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
Ayush Mittal: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
CR Rao: 
Definitely, marginal increase will be there, but compared to the previous quarter than last year 
if the fish catches are good and the prices come down which happened two years back, then it 
will be at the same level, But it will have some impact 5% would mean about Rs. 3 to Rs. 4 on 
the per KG cost. 
Sir, second is the question which we have asked earlier also around the cash balance that we 
have, but we keep seeing that nothing has been done on the utilization of the same, it is a request 
that the dividend payout should be increased because on this cash generation is pretty high? 
Ayush, I think for the last many conference calls you bought out the question we gave in the 
same reply every time that we are looking for good opportunities to utilize the cash or the 
reserves that we have, so that we can grow the company. 
Our focus is to grow the company because you know very well it is so hard to raise money and 
the interest levels are very high, Every quarter the interest rates have not changed now, so even 
now raising capital at low interest rate is very difficult and we have been saying we have been 
looking for new opportunities. 
We do not want the company to have debts, but the thing here is that even if you do something 
on the acquisition or may be on expansion, the capital outlays or not that high in the industry 
and given the cash surplus we are sitting on and the cash we generate, perhaps there is a need to 
relook at the dividend payout ratio? 
Tl depends on what industry, I mean I cannot say what type of opportunities we are looking, but 
they are all big, medium and larger, looking at all types of scale. 
Let me just add to what Mr. Nikhilesh said, tell me that today on any investment, what is the 
pre-tax and post-tax returns that you can expect. Can you tell me any industry today, we are in 
the month of almost in October-November. Today, looking at the economic situation- sluggish 
economy with this present situation, what is the Return On Investment that you can expect, you 
please let me know the industry which has got the highest Return On Investment and what is the 
reasonable return that an investor can expect not compromising on the safety and liquidity. 
Please let me know which are the industry. We are also seized of this matter very well, at the 
Board level we discuss almost every time but we will have to see. Today, if you look at an 
average Return On Investment that we are making, our post tax is about 5.5% to 6.5% is the 
Return On Investment. The policy of the company is that the first priority is given to the, we 
have told already as Nikhilesh mentioned, is the security of the principal the investment as such, 
secondly is the liquidity, we should be able to liquidate our investment and get the cash back as 
and when we require. The return is given the third priority. Considering these aspects, we decide 
our investment policy and you tell me, we are looking for such an industry where our investors 
value goes up and we gel a good consistent, sustainable returns on the investments made. Lt is 
the endeavour of the Company to take care of the investors and at the same time money which 
Page 15 of 21 

_.:J Avanti 
.......,. Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
we have hard earned money we keep it, we do not want to invest without going into all aspects 
of the risks involved in the new projects, that is the reason why we are taking time as Nikhilesh 
said, definitely we are working on that we will communicate at the appropriate time. 
Moderator: 
Dipcsh Kashyap: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
CR Rao: 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
CR Rao: 
Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Mr. Dipesh Kashyap from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sir, just couple of questions, do we have any CAl'EX plans this year or next year? 
We do not have any large CAPEX plans, there are some CAP EX plans from feed side, Mr. Rao 
will update. For the processing side, we arc working on CAPEX plans on some new equipment 
and also establishing new lines, but it is not large CAPEX, it is very small CAf>EX but not any 
substantial amount right now. 
We are working on the feed also, we have been telling you that one of the Fish Feed and other 
types of the animal feed, we are working on that. Definitely, in due course, we will come with 
some concrete proposal, that projects we are working on that, we will come lo you at the 
appropriate time, but as Nikhilesh said it will not be a big huge investment like that, which we 
do not want to risk at this point of time, we are reading the markets. 
That I understand, !just wanted to know that in this year we are targeting around 70% utilization 
of our processing capacity, is that right? 
Yes, you can expect 70% and also you can expect it lo keep growing for the at least next five lo 
six quarters. 
So 70% - 80% utilization is kind of optimum capacity, so you may have to increase your capacity 
in processing, by how much can that increase, 10,000 -15,000, not worried about the CAPEX 
because I know the number will not be huge, but how much capacity can you increase like 
without taking any more land or any new plant? 
Just on this Mr. Dipesh, We are focusing more on value-added products, so it is more you do not 
expect like large increase in the quantity or the tonnage of the finished products, it would be 
smaller but better margins that is what we are targeting and we do not want to fight with the 
commodity side of the business with everybody, we are looking to do more specialty products 
where people look to partner with the good company such as ours, so that is our target because 
the commodity space has become very, very competitive right now. We are doing a lot of that 
business, we are going to grow that side of the business as well but the larger focus is going lo 
be put on value-added products. 
T may add to what Nikhilesh said. Dipesh, the thing is that we do not have to do much investment 
on the infrastructure. By and large, we have all the investments, the infrastructure available and 
<' 
1, 
Page 16 of 21 

I 
--:iA 
-· 
1 
..-.};; vantt 
!.........., Fi;eds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
we may have to add may be some machinery and processing equipment to go for high end value- 
added products which we can do in a very short span of time. Lt is the moment that we get the 
orders and we look at potential market, we are ready lo take that up immediately that will help 
us to increase the capacity utilization and also total volume of exports that we can do. 
Dipcsh Kashyap: 
CR Rao: 
Dipcsh Kashyap: 
C RRao: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Dipcsh Kashyap: 
CR Rao: 
Moderator: 
C. Narayanan: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Sir, last question, you gave a number of 15,000 Ions per annum in Bangladesh to a previous 
caller, just want to understand is it your size or the total market size you talked about? 
It is the market size Dipesh, it is not ours. We have just started. The first crop we have done this 
year it has come up very nicely, the results were exceedingly good, the farmers are very happy. 
We are able to get lot of farmers attend the meeting, so they are all willing lo changeover and 
come to Avanti Feeds and we arc planning for the next season also. 
Sir, according to UN data, the total shrimp production in Bangladesh is around 3 lakh tons and 
I think 15,000 tons is less than the Nellore area you are doing? 
Three lakh tons maybe sea-caught also. 
You should really toned down these reports, because organized sector where they use feeds, 
where they have farms, where they have infrastructure is very less like where they arc doing 
multiple species in one pond or they are getting sea-caught is different. 
For 15,000 tons, is it worth lo go to Bangladesh because I think you can target more market in 
Orissa or West Bengal, because 15,000 tons? 
We are already doing in Orissa and all, we arc increasing Dipesh. The thing is that we arc 
targeting because shortly they are likely lo go lo Vannamei culture Bangladesh also. They are 
going lo increase the area or culture and also shift to Vannamei from Black Tiger, so once they 
shift to Vannamei culture definitely the consumption will be much higher. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. C. Narayanan from BNP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, if you can throw some light on Indonesia the joint-venture, if you can speak about it one, 
and second on the fish side also we were trying to start a business, so if you can talk about that 
as well? 
On the Indonesian side, I think there is progress, but we do not want to comment more about it 
right now because majority or the project is owned by Thai Union, which is a public listed 
company and they are planning, it is confidential information so I do not want lo comment more 
about it now, but we can give out more in the future calls. Righi now it is not a good time lo 
discuss about that. 
Page 17 of 21 

I 
'
1 Avanti 
I呸 FeeJs Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
CR Rao: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
C. Narayanan: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
C. Narayanan: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
C. Narayanan: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
Moderator: 
Nitin Gosar: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Modern tor: 
l can add lo what Nik.hilcsh said. We have only 5% investment and the major investment comes 
from Thai Union, so they are monitoring and we do not have the updated information on that. 
We will share with you as and when we gel it, perhaps next. 
But definitely on that side, the project is moving forward. 
I-low big is the market there? 
Indonesia is a very, very big market. In the Southeast Asian producing countries, it is the second- 
largest producer. 
On the fish side? 
Fish - again this is a new project that we have been working on, that is actually to be clear we 
had a meeting, recently in past one week regarding it as well moving this project forward, but as 
of now, there is no meaningful update lo give right now, but we are working 011. There is a lot 
of background formulation work, partnership, market update. If you sec the fish market, it is 
not an export market, it is a domestic market predominantly, so it is a different ball game 
altogether, so we are working doing market analysis, see what is the right time of our launches, 
what species and things like that. 
How big is the domestic market be for fish? 
At the moment, it is not very large, we do not have the exact number because actually if you see 
the fish market, it is not like the prawn market where there is only one species dominating the 
whole market. In fish there are several markets like Fungsi, Tilapia, Sea Bass, there are so many 
which are segregated, so at the moment we are looking at one or two species, meaningful species 
which we sec good potential in the domestic market in the" long-term, so we are working on it, 
but as of now, there is no meaningful update to give. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Nitin Gosar from Invesco Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, one book-keeping question, what is the export incentives that has been booked for the 
quarter? 
It is Rs.19.3 crores. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Manish Poddar from Nippon India Alf. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 18 of 21 

I 
I 呸. 'J Avanti 
!..........., Fe e d s Llrn l t e d 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Manish Poddar: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Manish Porklar: 
Alluri Nlkhilcsh: 
Manish Poddar: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
Manish Poddar: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Manish Poddar: 
Alluri Nikhilesh: 
( l 
Sir, can you provide the guidance on the processing segment because in one place you had 
mentioned that we will go at 70% utilization and in other place you had mentioned that we will 
try to do at best I 0°/., growth in volumes, so what is let us say the guidance for the full year as 
such? 
Basically, like I have told, normally this period is very grey area to ask for a guidance right now, 
the reason being that we are coming to the year-end for the US market which is the largest, so 
right now usually when I ask my customers or my clients in the US for their guidance and 1 can 
provide my guidance. But right now everybody is in the position of moving their stocks and they 
would only get back with a guidance next year, so for the next call I can give a guidance, but 
right now I can tell minimum healthy percentage of I 0% increase you can expect. 
When you say 10%, it is second halfoflast year versus second half of this year, that is what you 
mean? 
For the full year. 
for the full year, because if you build in I 0% that is largely flat, there is no growth in the second 
half that is what you are trying to suggest'! 
Thal is not what I am trying lo suggest, what 1 am suggesting is, I would need to give you an 
update next time because right now we are in a grey area, but T can tell that I am confident on a 
minimum of I 0%. 
One more thing, this question was asked earlier also, when you are looking at the processing 
business and pricing per ton let us say the data which is available for the last four lo five years 
keeps on moving up and down badly because of either the mix or the season, so is it the right 
way to look at that segment in terms of El31TDA per ton or how should one look about it? 
I am s01Ty I did not get your question. 
Let us say, if l will lake processing pricing per ton in the processing segment because of mix and 
because of the order sizes and the regions which you will be catering to, the pricing per metric 
ton keeps on varying, so let us say in FY '16 it was somewhere around 6500 per metric Ion, in 
rv '18 it was 7400 per metric ton and this number now in this quarter in the first half was about 
6800 per metric ton, so is there a right way to look al it from an EBITDA per metric ton because 
of the mix in sizes? 
To be frank, you cannot monitor it in such a way because this market or this business is more 
dynamic- it changes two times per week minimum, the price goes up or down, like it keeps 
changing every week, ii changes every month, so it is very hard to monitor it in such a way, a 
good way to monitor it is to look at the guidance of the company, so what we try to do when we 
Page 19 of 21 

., Avanti 
.........., Feeds Limited 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
are selling or buying or anything is to maintain a minimum 10% to 12% margin in the business 
like that is the guidance that we provide. So I think that is how you should be looking at it as 
well and also another thing is to monitor the raw material prices which is a major constituent of 
the cost. 
Mauish Pnddur: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Mauish Poddar: 
CR Rao: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Thakkar: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Ashish 'I'hakkar: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Ashish Thakkar: 
So effectively if the end product price, the share prices let us say a few when you are giving a 
quote to the customer, you will do an X plus 10% or 12% that is how? 
We do not do that, it depends on the mix of the product and what is the market situation, what 
are the acceptable levels in the market, our cost, there arc multiple things, but it is not X plus 
12%. 
I am just trying lo understand what is the interest rate let us say which is charged for the sector 
at large? 
Interest rate were LLBOR plus 0.55 for our export (PCFC) packing credit, it is around 11 % on 
the other CCs, we do nol use any of this· you know that we are not using much of these facilities. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Ashish Thakkar from Motilal Oswal, Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhilcsh, you have been saying that we are focusing on value creation so is there any scope for 
margins to expand from current levels in either or the businesses? 
That is where our focus is al. We want lo increase the margins in the business and al the same 
lime, it is a whole mix, we want lo do value-added, we want lo do commodity. Right now, our 
business is more commodity like the rest of the Indian exports but we want to get in more value 
addition where this value addition is being mostly done in countries like Vietnam and Thai land. 
So we want lo get that value addition, high-value products into India into our factory, so we can 
give a broad range of products lo our customers, number one, and also we can realize belier 
margins with the mix. But both businesses arc very, very important, why we are saying value- 
added is that, we have been building up that business from almost zero from the last two years, 
so we are trying to gel the right mix. If you have loo much only value-added products then it is 
very slow moving product, no volume, high overhead, but of course great margin, so we need lo 
have a good mix of everything into the company that is what we are trying lo build. 
Okay, this may not necessarily come at the cost of volume, right? 
Definitely nol the cost of volume that is what I am saying we need lo give the right mix. We 
should have perfect mix of everything in the business. 
On the processing side two questions, is Bangladesh a good market for the processing business? 
Page 20 of 21 

·r1 Avanti 
J Fet!ds t.unl t o d 
Avanti Feeds Limited 
October 31, 2019 
Alluri Nilchilcsh: 
Ashish Thnkkar: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Ashish Thakkar: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Moderator: 
Ashutosh G.: 
Alluri Nikhilcsh: 
Moderator: 
Nitin Awnsthi: 
Moderator: 
Do you mean to process or to export? 
To export? 
No, it is not. 
Last question on the US side of the market, are we looking to change any structural in the way 
we operate in the US just like some other companies might be having their own distribution in 
the US, is this something on our mind? 
As of now, we want to stick lo our existing business model, but of course like you asked, we are 
watching all the changing business environment very cautiously to see how the business models 
are progressing in the industry. But we need to take a very decisive call when doing something 
like because it changes the model of the business itself, but we arc closely monitoring the 
changing business model in the industry. 
Thank you. We take the last question from the line of Mr.Ashutosh G. from Avendus Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, just wanted to understand the impact of these trade benefits being withdrawn for Thailand 
by US, how does this impact us, would impact us positively but will the slow in maybe in short- 
term or long-term how basically it works for us? 
You are talking about the removal of OST for Thailand, So first of all the same OST has been 
removed from India in March. This OST, when the US Government has given out that they are 
removing GST, it has a list of products under the OST regime and shrimp is not included in that 
either for Thailand or India-so there is no net impact for both the countries. 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Nitin Awasthi for his closing comments, over to you, Sir. 
Thank you. On behalf of East India Securities, I would like to thank the management for their time 
and also the opportunity to host the call that was given to us. I would also like lo thank everyone 
for participating in the call. 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of East India 
Securities Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
*** 
Page 21 of 21 

\ 
'J ' , ', 
