Varroc Engineering Limited 
Regd. & Corp. Office 
L-4, MIDC, Industrial Area 
Waluj, Aurangabad 431 136 
Manarashtra, India 
Tel +91 240 6653600 
Fax +91 240 2564540 
email: varroc.info@varroc.com 
www.varrocgroup.com 
var roe 
CIN: L28920MH1988PLC04733S 
VARROC/SE/INT /2019-20/63 
To, 
/ 
1) ;ne Manager- Listing 
V The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051. 
NSE Symbol: VARROC 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
November 25, 2019 
2) The Manager - Listing 
The Corpora~
t
elation Department, 
BSE Limited, 
) 
Phiroze Jeeje 
h 
Towers, 
Dalal Stre , Fort, 
Mum 
·-400001. 
BSE Secu 'ty Code: 541578 
Security ID: VARROC 
Sub.: Transcript of Investor Conference Call for Varroc Engineering Limited for the quarter and 
half year ended on September 30, 2019 
We submit herewith the transcript of Investor Conference Call of the Company, which was held 
on Wednesday, November 13, 2019 at 09:30 a.m. 
Kindly take the same on your record 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Varroc Engineering Limited 
Chetan Sharma 
Sr. Manager (Legal & Secretarial) & Compliance Officer 
l:.ncl. : I ranscript of Investor Conference Call 

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“Varroc Engineering Limited Q2 & H1 FY-20 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
November 13, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARANG JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. STEPHANE VEDIE – PRESIDENT & CEO VLS 
BUSINESS 
MR. ASHWANI MAHESHWARI – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR & CEO, INDIAN BUSINESS 
MR. T.R. SRINIVASAN – GROUP CFO 
MR. NITIN KALANI – AVP FINANCE & HEAD 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 13, 2019 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Varroc Engineering Limited Q2 & H1 
FY20 results conference call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Varroc Engineering Limited Management is represented by Mr. Tarang Jain – Managing 
Director along with Stephane Vedie – President and CEO VLS Business, Ashwani 
Maheshwari – Whole Time Director and CEO Indian Business, T.R Srinivasan – Group CFO 
and Nitin Kalani – AVP Finance & Head Investor Relations. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Tarang Jain. Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
Tarang Jain: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone, Tarang Jain here. I am the Managing Director of the 
Varroc Group. I would like to thank you for joining the quarterly earnings call of Varroc 
Engineering Limited.  
Before I discuss the financial performance of the last quarter, I would like to quickly recap the 
industry situation. Each of our major passenger vehicle markets has seen declining volumes 
over the past few quarters. This quarter too we saw flat volumes both in Europe and North 
America. The Chinese market during the quarter declined by 5.3% year-on-year and the Indian 
passenger vehicle production fell by 20%. The Indian two-wheeler market too saw substantial 
decline of almost 15%. Each of these markets are facing several challenges ranging from a 
changing regulatory in emission related norms, slowing economic growth and result in weaker 
consumer confidence and trade-related uncertainties.  
As you are all aware we are in the middle of expanding our geographical footprint in Varroc 
Lighting Systems Business and are adding capacities at various locations. This is in line with 
our long-term global strategy and is towards catering to the new business won by us over the 
last 2.5 to 3 years from large global OEMs. The new facilities at Brazil, Morocco and the H8 
Lines in Czech Republic which were commissioned towards the end of last year, are ramping 
up gradually. In the initial phase of the operation these facilities run at sub-optimal capacity 
utilization resulting in operating losses in the first few quarters. The rate of ramp up has been 
slower than expected due to the weak market conditions resulting in lower unexpected 
profitability for VLS for the current year. 
In the current quarter our revenue declined by close to 10% overall. The revenue of the India 
business declined by 12% year-on-year while for VLS it declined by 8.6% part of which is due 
to the exchange rate impact. Our consolidated EBITDA margins were impacted by the lower 
revenue along with the sub-optimal capacity utilization in the new facilities. EBITDA margin 
for India business was at 10.2% while lower than the margin of 12.2% in Q2 FY19; improved 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 13, 2019 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
sequentially as compared to the previous two quarters. The VLS margins at 7.2% in the current 
quarter were lower than the 8.5% margin recorded in Q2 FY19. However excluding the new 
VLS facilities in the ramp up phase VLS was about 9.6% for the rest of the business. Our 
China JV also suffered both from declining revenue and higher overheads, the EBITDA of our 
China JV declined by 96%, loss for China was at about Rs. 64 million negative as against a 
positive PAT of Rs.71 million in the same quarter last year. 
Depreciation and finance cost were higher largely due to the adoption of Ind-As 115 and Ind-
As 116 and a higher asset base. Our PAT for the quarter is at Rs.229 million, a decline of 77%. 
PAT was impacted negatively by lower revenue, largely driven by market decline, operating 
losses at new facilities during the ramp up phase, higher interest and depreciation and losses in 
China JV. During the first seven months of the year we have won some significant business, 
our VLS business secured orders of €262 million equivalent annual revenue of which orders 
for almost 145 million are new orders. I would also like to highlight that of these orders almost 
50% are from North America region which de-grew this year were almost 26% year-on-year in 
the first six months. The new order wins in the region bodes well for our future growth. We are 
on track to achieve our full year target order intake of €385 million in annual revenue.  
With this we are happy to take your questions now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Varun Bakshi from Equirus Securities. 
Varun Bakshi: 
My first question is regarding our North America business; we have demand more than 25% in 
North America while the industry has been flattish. So can you through more color on this? 
Stephane Vedie: 
About Varroc Lighting System in North America especially in Mexico, the decrease has been 
driven by the decrease of revenue from our Tesla customer. We are present in module S, 
module X; we anticipated decrease of these vehicles. They have been on the market for almost 
5 years; earlier or more than 5 years now, so we did forecast for this decrease. At the end we 
have less decrease than what we initially forecasted for. But compared to the trade this year in 
this quarter; we have a decrease on revenue with this customer by 41%. 
Varun Bakshi: 
Going ahead, what could be the outlook for North America business in VLS? 
Stephane Vedie: 
In North America we have been able to win some major projects, some with shorter time to 
market. We don’t anticipate recovery during this year but when we start up the new businesses 
and some will start early next fiscal year, will start to recover some of the revenue. This is very 
important for us that we focus on this region on this plant in particular to acquire new 
businesses because this is one of the few plants where we have really available capacity. So 
that means every incremental business that we are putting in this plant, we don’t need new 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 13, 2019 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
investments; we don’t need new CAPEX, so that’s really interesting for us to leverage these 
plants going forward. 
Varun Bakshi: 
Can you please provide the customer-wise growth for India and our VLS business? 
Tarang Jain: 
We are talking about VLS now, if you talk about VLS when it comes to the VW Group we 
have grown about 47% over the previous year. They are our major customers we have grown 
with this year. Other than that where we have had a de-growth has been largely with Tesla 
which is de-growth of about 38%. When it comes to Peugeot, we have had an increase of about 
22.5% over the previous year. When it comes to JLR, we have had a de-growth of about 20%, 
when it comes to Ford which is our largest customer, we have had a de-growth of about 6% 
and with FCA we had a de-growth of about 14%. In VLS these are our major customers at the 
moment, Renault is also there, Renault is still a smaller customer at the moment but there we 
have seen a 400% growth but on a lower revenue base. This is how we are actually moving 
ahead. Going forward with for the various businesses we have won over the last 2.5 years; 
there is a lot of focus on the two of the large groups, the VW Group and the Renault-Nissan-
Mitsubishi Group where we have won substantial business in the last 2.5 years and that would 
start playing out from this year onwards gradually and ramp up in the next 2 years largely 
more with these two groups. Other than of course with our traditional customers of Ford, JLR 
and also PSA will of course remain as strong customers for us moving forward. 
Varun Bakshi: 
Similar kind of numbers for India business, if you could provide? 
Nitin Kalani: 
India Bajaj declined by 9.4% year-over-year, Honda group declined by about 14%, Royal 
Enfield grew by about 6%, India Yamaha was down by about 25%. Mahindra & Mahindra was 
flat as compared to last year. 
Tarang Jain: 
The overall for the India business this year we were expecting a growth in the Indian market 
but seeing the way the situation is and with some of the new BS-VI products in the last quarter, 
which will show up in the last quarter, we are hoping that we are almost at a similar scale to 
last year that is what we are counting up in India. 
Varun Bakshi: 
On margin front, we have been guiding for double-digit margins in FY20 in VLS; so do we 
still see such kind of double-digit margins in FY20 given the slow economic conditions as well 
as other new plants coming up? 
Tarang Jain: 
What we are seeing now is that; we were expecting of almost like a 10% growth in our VLS 
business this year and at the moment we are trending a little bit negative for the half-year may 
be at around 4.5%-5%. In Indian rupee terms for the full year we probably see a flattish sale in 
Euro terms. In Euro terms this year almost a similar sale to last year and with the Ind-As 116 
impact, we are still hoping for a double-digit EBITDA margin. 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 13, 2019 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
Varun Bakshi: 
The adjusted margins? 
Tarang Jain: 
Adjusted to Ind-As 116 would be 9.5%, if we knew were to take that out. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec Capital. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
In Renault, in VW the progress has been quite encouraging even in Renault but if you see the 
others share that is almost 15% – 16% of our overall VLS revenue there has been still little bit 
of a decline so Renault has also grown by 400%, there would have been a steep decline of 
other customers. If you can throw some light Stephane on this? 
Stephane Vedie: 
With the other customers we went at the end of the projects with Daimler. We have the one 
project phasing out in Europe and one project phasing out in North America. There the new 
Daimler projects that will start at the end of the third quarter this fiscal year that the Mercedes 
CLA; so this will help us to recover some of the revenue in Daimler. Daimler was one of the 
main competitors than the others of the decline. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Stephane are you hearing some kind of a deferment of commissioning of new project 
especially from the two big customers like VW and Renault where the growth is linked to the 
new plant coming on stream. Are you hearing some kind of deferment of commissioning 
dates? 
Stephane Vedie: 
With Renault so far, we are able to start the Renault Master, The Renault Twingo. Right now 
we are hunting up the Renault Zoe, so Renault has been very good to expect the timing initially 
committed. We are also anxious to start in Morocco, the new Dacia Logan from Deho that will 
come in two quarters from now. With Renault we have been on time. We would again see 
them starting on time the project but we see them with a very slow ramp up. It’s our 
understanding that one of their major platform, they have some software issues so this is 
delayed the ramp up of this platform so this is impacting the ramp up of our H8 additional line 
in Czech Republic instead of ramping right now we will be ramping up, most of them you will 
see in the term of revenues in the next 5 months. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Tarang if you can help us understand how the ramp is up in TVS happening and in terms of the 
number of product line, TVS is engaged with us now and what are the discussions for the other 
product lines? 
Tarang Jain: 
TVS is a customer we have acquired almost 9 months ago and they have given us one product, 
the AC generator or the magneto as you call it. These are all for the BS-VI kind of production 
which will start probably in January. So I think initially the business which we have received is 
for about 720,000 magnetos a year that is something which will start from January onwards 
and based on how we perform; within six months they will take a decision whether can give us 
additional volumes to take us to almost hundred thousand, it is generate as a month. So there 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 13, 2019 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
are lot of other products also under discussion with TVS. I find TVS to be a very open 
customer, very open to Varroc; they just want to test us as it’s a first-time relationship. They 
just want to test us on how we perform for this first product and once they get the confidence it 
will open doors for multiple other products at least a few other products which are all already 
in a discussion with also probably get finalized. So this probably may happen somewhere 
around March-April where we can see some more traction on some new business with TVS. 
Moderator: 
Your next question is from the line of Niranjan from Equitas Capital. 
Niranjan S: 
On the downward revision in the Lighting business of the revenue potential from Brazil. In Q4 
you had mentioned 60 million at full capacity whereas we now see about 30 million. Similarly 
the Romanian JVs, Romanian revenue potential has been marked up from 50 million to 85, if 
you could give us reasons behind that; that’s the first question. The second question was on if 
you could give us some guidance on the tax rates on the Lighting business as well as the Indian 
business? 
Stephane Vedie: 
About the first question, I did not catch the second but I can answer for it first. In Brazil we 
started in two-phase in Brazil. Phase 1 is capaciticizing the plant for 30 million, on our plant 
for Phase 2 was towards second module to reach 60 million. Right now in the current situation 
of our industry we decided not to proceed with this Phase 2. We are going to stay with our 
Phase 1 investments, maximize the capacity. We have very older business to fulfill one of the 
present capacity and deciding not to invest in Brazil which is a more challenging country or 
more challenging area towards very-very good return. So that’s to answer about Brazil. In 
Electronics on the other hand the return that we can reach on the Electronic has been very 
convincing. Every business case that we have been working on show that it’s really where we 
need to put our money, so we decided to increase the capacity there. We were able to fit 
additional SMC lines, so we decided to really with our partner to take a full advantage of 
return and add additional revenue to this. 
Niranjan S: 
Just a follow-up question to that; does that mean that CAPEX which you would have planned 
for Brazil that would come down to reduction on what we were planned for Phase 2 and 
secondly is that is it linked to not getting as much expected revenues as you expected from 
Volkswagen Group?  
Stephane Vedie: 
In terms of CAPEX we are cancelling this Phase 2 CAPEX. Right now we are offering to put 
the brake on older CAPEX so I think this was a good opportunity to use CAPEX here. In 
Brazil the issue is not to have enough business to be when it first comes to be with Phase 2, we 
had even to go back to customers and return some business in order to fit with this plan of 
staying only with our Phase 1. In fact plenty of business in Brazil to choose from because 
many suppliers are a little shy right now investing there. 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 13, 2019 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
Tarang Jain: 
Just to add to what Stephane had said, the reason we have got a Brazil footprint is to support 
our main customer, the VW Group and the Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi Group and support 
ourselves also for the global platform where the volumes are very high like this Dacia Logan. I 
don’t think that we could have got this big program of 800,000 vehicles if we didn’t have a 
Brazil location. So I think it’s more from a strategic angle that we have a Brazil location, it’s 
not the most exciting location to be in, it is a difficult location to work in, there is a lot of 
overcapacity which already exist there at the moment. It’s just that we have got that footprint 
mainly to support these two bigger customers in that region and the reason that we are 
reducing the sales thing is that because if one of the global customers where we are not so 
present at the moment; we were hoping that if we were to take some business in Brazil we 
would get some of the other platforms from them in North America or in China. That was 
actually our wish but that’s not something which is playing out. If that’s not playing out we 
don’t want to increase our exposure in Brazil. That’s the reason that we are not going ahead 
with that much of revenue; than that much of revenue which is being downside is basically 
from this one customer and we have offered that this particular program we can do it out of our 
existing part in Mexico or otherwise we would not want to do it. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Chirag Shah from Edelweiss. 
Chirag Shah: 
Is this the new facility that you are separately indicated in presentation; at what level they will 
breakeven and what level they can generate better return on capital than the existing 
businesses? 
Stephane Vedie: 
On the slide #5 in the deck that we made available we are trying to communicate with 
breakeven of each of this new facility, each of this new capacity that we put in place. You can 
look at this for each of the facility. The Morocco, Poland, Electronic JV to track all of this 
major facilities with the most important side, they will help us improve of the older 
profitability. The business case for each of this plants is showing a better return than what we 
have right now. 
Chirag Shah: 
At what level of utilization you can achieve those desired results; is it 70% level, 65% level 
and this revenue number that we have shown at 123 crores of revenue, it represents what level 
of utilization? 
Stephane Vedie: 
When you look at the slide #5 in our deck I don’t know if this is an available to you right 
now…. 
Chirag Shah: 
I am looking at that. 
Stephane Vedie: 
The full revenue corresponds to the full capacity. The breakeven is obviously much earlier 
than this. If I take the example of our Morocco plant; right now we are just at the revenue of € 
1 million per month, our full capacity we are putting in place in Morocco will be at €15 million 

 
Varroc Engineering Limited 
November 13, 2019 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
per month. We will go gradually in Morocco but we will reach the breakeven at around €3 to 
€4 million per month, to give you an idea. 
Tarang Jain: 
This is EBITDA breakeven. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference back 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you all. 
Tarang Jain: 
Thank you. I just would like to conclude by saying that we are working, we worked medium 
and long-term strategy that will continue, in our case both for our India Business as well as for 
our Global Lighting Business. There have been some challenges, this year which we have 
faced because of lack of growth in the global markets and the de-growth in the Indian market. 
But having said that like I have also mentioned in my statement; that we are of course looking 
inwards and this also gives us an opportunity to right size our various costs were come whether 
its material, whether its manpower, other overheads and that’s something I think we have been 
working on for the last 6 months and we are pretty confident of achieving much better results 
going forward. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Varroc Engineering Limited we conclude today’s conference. Thank 
you for joining. You may disconnect your lines now. 
