Page 1 of 34 
 
 
“Wonderla Holidays Limited 
Q2 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2019 
 
  
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. JIGAR SHAH - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. GEORGE JOSEPH – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– WONDERLA HOLIDAYS LIMITED 
MR. 
SATHEESH 
SESHADRI 
–CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - WONDERLA HOLIDAYS LIMITED 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 2 of 34 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the 
Wonderla 
Holidays 
Limited 
Q2 
FY2020 
Results 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
will now hand the conference over to Mr. Jigar Shah of 
ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Jigar Shah: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. It is a pleasure to 
welcome you all on behalf of ICICI Securities to Wonderla 
Holidays Limited Q2 FY2020 earnings conference call. 
We have with us today on the call Mr. George Joseph, 
Joint Managing Director and Mr. Satheesh Seshadri, CFO 
of the company. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
George Joseph: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone. On behalf 
of the management of the company, we extend a warm 
welcome to all of you. We are here on this conference call 
to discuss the earnings of Wonderla Holidays Limited for 
the Q2 of the FY2019-2020. At the outset, I am extremely 
happy to announce that the much-awaited exemption from 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 3 of 34 
entrainment tax has been received from the Government of 
Tamil Nadu. We are now in the final stages of receiving 
the necessary project approvals to begin the construction 
of our much-awaited fourth park in Chennai. Our strength 
and expertise in running the complex amusement park 
business in the most optimal way has been greatly 
appreciated across the country. 
 
As a further testimony to our operational efficiency, we 
have recently received an offer from the Government of 
Odisha to setup a new amusement park in that State. The 
Government of Odisha will provide the land on a long-
term lease basis thus enabling us to develop an asset-light 
model and balance sheet friendly amusement park. The 
board of the company has given an in-principle approval to 
evaluate the proposal and we will keep you updated about 
the progress. These developments are giving a further 
impetus to our overall expansion plans. Let us now look at 
the Q2 and the H1 performance of the company. 
 
As you are aware, the Q2 is typically unfavorable to 
outdoor parks due to the onset of monsoon. The footfalls 
get impacted and naturally so does the revenue and the 
profitability. Looking at our financial scorecard, the 
revenue for Q2 of 2020 were almost flat running at just 
1.2% lower on a Y-o-Y basis from Rs.41.3 Crores to 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 4 of 34 
Rs.40.8 Crores. Our ticket revenue per visitor declined by 
5%, while our non-ticket revenue remained flat during the 
period. Our Q2 2020 revenue growth was affected due to 
lower footfalls, largely due to the demand slow down, 
excessive rainfall, and the floods prevailing in both Kerala 
and Karnataka. Our Bengaluru Park in particular witnessed 
a decline of 22% in footfall mainly due to unfavorable 
weather conditions for outdoor activities. 
 
In contrast, our Kochi Park saw a 60% increase in footfall, 
albeit on a lower base of Q2 FY2019, while our Hyderabad 
park footfall grew by 5% despite witnessing some 
unseasonal rain. Our Q2 FY2020, EBITDA declined by 
39.4% Y-o-Y from Rs.9 Crores to Rs. 5.48 Crores. Our 
profit after tax for the quarter was Rs.16 lakhs as against 
the PAT of Rs.94 lakhs reported in the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year. Our cash PAT that is PAT 
plus depreciation declined marginally by 1.5% from 
Rs.10.8 Crores in FY2019 to Rs.10.65 Crores in FY2020. 
On a six-monthly basis, we saw our footfall increase by 
6.7% on a year-on-year basis. Our half year revenue has 
also increased by 9.1% from Rs.145.1 Crores in H1 
FY2019 to Rs.158.4 Crores in H1 FY2020. 
 
Our EBITDA for H1 stood at Rs.74 Crores, an increase of 
11.3% in comparison to H1 FY2019 and our profit after 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 5 of 34 
tax for H1 stood at Rs.42 Crores an increase of 24.4% 
from corresponding previous period. Our cash PAT stood 
at Rs.63 Crores, which also increased by 17.6% for the 
corresponding previous half year period. At our resort in 
Bengaluru, the occupancy for H1 FY2020 was 51% and 
revenue stood at Rs.6.3 Crores representing 14% rise over 
the corresponding H1 of FY2019. With that let us start 
with the question and answer session. I thank you all very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. We have our first question from the line 
of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the Odisha and the Chennai 
projects. In Odisha, which city has been shortlisted, and 
have they given this proposal to others or only to you? 
When you say asset-light amusement park, how is that 
different from the Hyderabad park? I understand you are 
evaluating the proposal, but is this a serious kind of 
proposal or you keep getting this kind of proposals? 
George Joseph: As you mentioned, we are evaluating and the board has 
permitted the company to discuss and negotiate with the 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 6 of 34 
Government of Odisha. It is an exclusive offer for 
Wonderla as we understand because the concerned 
authorities including the Minister of Tourism and the 
Secretary to Tourism visited to our Bengaluru park, then 
they came down to Kochi to meet us. We identified 4-5 
locations, then zeroed in on a location in Bhubaneswar, 
which is around 19 to 20 km from Bhubaneswar and about 
2.5 km from the National Highway. We are happy to 
mention to you that this is a very proactive State, they 
want to develop their tourism and they have offered many 
incentives. First is a long lease of 90 years at a very 
competitive rate, the rate per acre comes only to Rs.6 
lakhs. Secondly, they are giving 20% investment subsidy 
capped at Rs.15 Crores. Thirdly, they have agreed to give 
us access from National Highway to our park. As of now 
there is a 30 feet road, they will convert it into a 60 feet 
road with a double line and the government will bear the 
cost. Number four, they will give potable water connection 
from Mahanadi River directly to our site at their cost and 
the water charge agreed is one-tenth of what we are paying 
at Hyderabad. This is a great offer and we are keen to grab 
it; however, we are doing a feasibility study to understand 
the feasibility of the park in Bhubaneswar and thereafter 
we will go to our Board and make the appropriate 
investment. By asset-light model what we mean is that we 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 7 of 34 
do not need to incur heavy capex to obtain land-asset. If 
we look at our Chennai park, the investment in land is 
around Rs.75 Crores and in addition we have incurred 
around 10.00 Crores for filling, levelling and compound 
wall. In total it cost us around Rs.85 Crores whereas the 
cost of land in Bhubaneshwar is only Rs.3 Crores. We told 
the Government of Odisha that initially we will only go for 
a water park plus a few land rides and later we will go for 
some additional land rides depending upon the acceptance 
or the reception of the park by the people of Odisha. So we 
would like to restrict the initial investment to the extent of 
about Rs.75 Crores to Rs.100 Crores. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Just one follow-up here, before we go to Chennai park, in 
terms of the timelines, when can you start? Because it 
looks too good on paper, so your timelines can be also 
quite short? 
George Joseph: Number one, the timeline as per the government’s 
direction is that we will have to complete the promised 
construction within a period of three years. Our first 
priority is Chennai and we have the bandwidth to take up 
the construction for Odisha and Chennai simultaneously. 
However, we do not want to combine those two, we will 
start Chennai first and thereafter, after stabilizing the 
construction activities in Chennai, we will go to Odisha 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 8 of 34 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, now let us discuss Chennai in terms of timelines? 
George Joseph: We have already submitted the papers for approval of 
Chennai park. As mentioned in our press release on 
Chennai, The Government of Tamil Nadu has given the 
permission to exempt our park from the LBT (Local Body 
Tax) for five years from November 1, 2019. As per the 
Order, the Project execution period is also included in the 
exemption period of 5 years. This is an anomaly. 
Therefore, we are meeting the Chief Minister and 
representatives of Government of Tamil Nadu, this week, 
to request exemption for five years from the date of 
commencement of operations, instead of from the date of 
order. We have just uploaded the required documents for 
necessary approval. We hope to get the approval in a 
couple of months’ time. Hopefully we would like to 
commence the construction by January 2020 after the rainy 
season.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir my second and last question is on the Kochi park, we 
have a good footfall growth of 60%. I understand base was 
smaller, and even this year we had higher rainfall. Why 
Kochi has done better and Bengaluru has really suffered 
because of the rains? 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 9 of 34 
George Joseph: In Kochi park, the base was low. As you are aware, last 
year we lost around 1.67 lakhs of visitors due to the 
excessive rainfall, the Nipah virus, the hartal due to 
Sabarimala issue and the floods. During the current year, 
though we almost had a flood like situation, it did not 
culminate into a calamity like last year. Due to our BD, 
BDP related activities, there is a good growth in groups 
footfall, especially from Tamil Nadu. But we could not 
bring back the entire crowd, we lost last year due to floods. 
If you look at Bengaluru, the groups have grown by almost 
about 60%, but there is a de-growth in the walk-in. Almost 
every day it was raining, and when it rains in Bengaluru, 
the temperature comes down. People are reluctant to come 
out on such days and avoid outdoor activity. Another 
reason was the political situation. On account of the arrest 
of one of the Ex-Minister, Shri D.K. Shivakumar, there 
was all-round protest resulting in closure of the Bengaluru 
park for a day and road blockage on many days. We also 
witnessed the demand recession across all our locations.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Thank you, Sir. Very detailed answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Tejas 
Shah from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 10 of 34 
Tejas Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question pertains to 
the final arrangement with Tamil Nadu Government. Is 
this arrangement as per your initial demand because we 
believe we wanted the abolition to be permanent and not 
for only five years and the subset of that question is how 
does it change our calculations on payback period or IRR 
for the project. 
George Joseph: It is exactly not as per our initial demand. Our initial 
demand was for a permanent exemption covering all 
amusement parks, not Wonderla alone. The other parks in 
Chennai are not happy and they are pursuing their case 
with the Authorities.  
Tejas Shah: 
Sir, when is the park expected to commence operations? 
George Joseph: We hope to commence commercial operations by July 
2021 i.e., 18 months from the date of commencement of 
construction.  
Tejas Shah: 
Sir, was Odisha on our potential list? 
George Joseph: I have not covered second part of your first question. I 
would like to take you through the earlier regime of 
entertainment tax, which was very low across all our parks, 
and subsequent service tax @ 15% and then 28% GST, 
thereafter reduction of GST to 18%. During the period of 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 11 of 34 
hefty increase in Tax, the reduction in footfall was around 
7.5% and reduction in revenue was 5%. Therefore we 
assume that, even if the LBT is introduced after five years, 
the maximum impact on the footfall and revenue would be 
around 7.5% and 5% respectively. We are confident that 
Chennai being the largest market, we will be able to reach 
our projections as per plans. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sir, second question pertains to Odisha, was Odisha on our 
potential list at all or the state government invitation has 
made us consider the opportunity here? 
George Joseph: Odisha was not in our radar initially. However, we have 
made some study after the government authorities invited 
us and find that an asset-light model will definitely be a hit 
in Odisha. There are no amusement park worth mention in 
Odisha. There are couple of small water parks. They are 
badly maintained. In our analysis we find that, being an 
asset-light model and the ticket prices lesser than what we 
have in our other parks, it will definitely be financially 
viable and we will have the same payback period like other 
parks. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sir, as a firm do we have the capability to work on two 
parks simultaneously or we will still go one by one as we 
have done in the past? 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 12 of 34 
George Joseph: Yes, we do have the management bandwidth. We are very 
confident about it. But this is the first time we are going 
for two parks simultaneously. Therefore we will 
judiciously space the Project work in such a way to avoid 
any strain on our Resources. We will initially start the 
work in Chennai and thereafter, after stabilizing the Project 
flow there, we will initiate work in Odisha. There will be a 
gap of about 6-9 months between commencement of work 
in Chennai and Odisha. 
Tejas Shah: 
Any update to understand when will Mr. Arun 
Chittilappilly resume active management? 
George Joseph: Mr. Arun was with us in our recent Board meeting at 
Bengaluru and he is also joining us in meeting the Chief 
Minister later this week. Even though he is not physically 
available, he is actively involved in the management. We 
interact with him regularly. Yesterday he was with us 
attending the Annual Day Celebrations of our Bengaluru 
Park. He will take an appropriate call on resuming duties, 
after his preoccupation abroad. 
Tejas Shah: 
Great Sir. Thanks for very elaborate answers and all the 
best. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 13 of 34 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rohit 
Balakrishnan from Vrddhi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir if I look at footfalls at 
your Bengaluru and Kochi park over the last five years, 
there is a decline across both these parks. If I look at 
Bengaluru park, over a five-year period footfalls are down 
by 2% and even Kochi is down 4% to 5% till 2017 
excluding 2018 for heavy floods. Sir, is it fair to say that 
these parks have reached their peak in terms of visitor 
potential? 
George Joseph: Mr. Balakrishnan, if you analyze the footfall decline with 
respect to macro environment, the decline is related to 
certain events. It is not that we have reached our potential. 
If you look at 2008 there was a recession that has affected 
the footfall. Thereafter we were slowly getting back to the 
growth trajectory and around 2014-15, we had peaked. 
Then came the levy of service tax at 15% and there was a 
resultant decline. That was followed by 28% GST which 
resulted in a further downturn. Later in January 2018, GST 
was reduced to 18% and we saw an uptrend in footfall. So 
you can observe that the footfall movement is related to 
certain events. We believe that such events are bound to be 
in the economy. Currently the climatic conditions and the 
slow down are impacting the growth. We are sure that the 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 14 of 34 
growth will pick as we see economic upturn. We are aware 
that at the 19-year-old park in Kochi, 14 year old park in 
Bengaluru, customer is looking for new experiences. We 
are adding new rides in every park every year. In fact last 
month we inaugurated two new rides in Bengaluru. We 
also find that we have not exploited the potential of the in-
bound tourists to each of the States where we are currently 
operating. For example, Kerala gets about 1.5 Crores of 
tourists every year. We have not tapped this segment fully.  
Similarly, Karnataka, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh get large 
tourist inflow. Currently a small percentage of them are 
coming to our park. We are going to target them in a big 
way and exploring the strategies required for attracting the 
inbound tourist to our park. We have not even covered 5% 
of the target group in all the states. So there is still ample 
scope to boost footfalls. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: If I look at both parks, Bengaluru Park sees 10 lakhs 
visitors per year and similar numbers were seen at the peak 
for Kochi Park. So do you still feel that there is enough 
headroom? 
George Joseph: Yes, there is enough headroom and we are confident about 
it. I have always said, good decisions are taken during the 
bad times. Right now we are taking some strategic 
decisions to tap the inbound tourist segment. For example, 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 15 of 34 
we have now appointed prominent tour operator in Kochi 
as our BDP. This tour operator has large inbound tourists 
base on hand and 120 buses. Similarly we have lined up 
around four prominent tour operators in Hyderabad. We 
are selling our ABC i.e., Advanced Booking Coupon 
through these Tour operators in Hyderabad. These are the 
segments we have not exploited till now. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: When you said 1.5 Crore tourists visiting, you mean 
this is for Kochi? 
George Joseph: No, that figure is for Kerala. Out of the 1.5 Crores, tourists 
flow about 1 crore are inbound from other States and 50 
lakhs travelling within the State. Whereas our footfall is 
around 7 to 9 lakhs per annum. So if we rightly tap the 
inbound tourist market, we can expect higher footfall. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: The population of Bengaluru will be close to about a 
Crore? 
George Joseph: Yes. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: And we are already at about 10 lakhs to 11 lakhs. If 
you take 1 to 1.1 Crores people in your overall catchment 
area in Bengaluru, then you are broadly at 10% to 11% 
penetration. Is that a fair number or you think it can go 
higher? 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 16 of 34 
George Joseph: Our catchment area is not just Bengaluru city alone but the 
entire Karnataka state. We have a strong BDP setup in the 
State. In addition, as I mentioned, there are people coming 
from Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra, Telangana etc., to 
Bengaluru park promoted by BDPs in these States. So if 
you look at it from a broad perspective, we have not 
exploited even 5% of our target crowd. The BDP setup is 
doing well and we want to realign the setup further. Our 
market penetration initiatives will hopefully see us through 
higher numbers in the coming years. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rohit 
Potti, who is Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Potti: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I would like to express my 
appreciation for transparency in detail with which you 
answer each question. I also find it insightful to interact 
with your investor relations team that interacts with the 
shareholders, because they are probably the most prompt 
team that I have seen. My first question is on the Odisha 
Park. Sir, the way you are approaching construction is 
quite interesting because you are slowly scaling up over 
time; starting up with primarily a water park and then may 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 17 of 34 
be adding rides in future. Why not go for something 
similar in the new park at Chennai as well? 
George Joseph: Chennai is a very big market and we want to come up with 
a park which can attract the large population in Chennai. In 
Odisha, as I mentioned, they are not used to parks. They 
have some water parks in and around Bhubaneswar, which 
have not been maintained well. So with a water park of our 
standard, and a couple of land rides, we will be able to 
attract sufficient crowd in the first year of operations. We 
promised to the government that in the second year we will 
come up with a land park and then in the third phase we 
will create a convention center and in the fourth phase we 
are planning a resort in Odisha. In Chennai we need full 
model with all activities because there are competing parks 
like Kishkinta, MGM, VGP’s ocean park & aquarium. So 
our offering should be better than current offerings in 
Chennai. 
Rohit Potti: 
One follow-up there, how large is the land parcel that you 
are getting in Odisha? 
George Joseph: It is 50 acres at lease rental of Rs. 6 lakhs per acre, totaling 
to Rs.3 Crores for 90 years lease. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 18 of 34 
Rohit Potti: 
That is a great deal. Second question, could you speak a 
little more on the Hyderabad Park, because I do not think it 
is doing up to your expectation so far? 
George Joseph: Even though we had a footfall growth of 5% in the current 
quarter, it is lower than our expectation. But there were un-
seasonal rains in Hyderabad. I was in Hyderabad last week 
and I told our staff that the rain should be welcomed, 
because if the temperature comes down, people should be 
out enjoying the environment. But the on-ground reality is 
that these rains are affecting the people, as they fall sick, 
contract viral fever, dengue etc. Hence, people are afraid to 
venture outdoors in the rainy season. This phenomenon has 
majorly affected the Hyderabad park footfalls, but then in 
Q3 and Q4, we are confident to see a rise. In Q3FY19 we 
had 2 lakh footfalls in Hyderabad last year. We are 
confident that we will improve upon it in this year. We are 
also doing a lot of activation in Hyderabad. We have 
appointed more BDPs and BDs. We have been regularly 
doing certain outdoor market activation programs in 
Kerala during Onam, Christmas etc., Our Teams go around 
the entire State during these festival seasons and with the 
help of the local BDP, perform Wonderla show in crowded 
places like beaches, malls etc., These shows are quite 
popular. We are going to replicate this in Hyderabad and 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 19 of 34 
nearby places and even in Chennai to stimulate the market. 
We will also increase ad and communication spend in 
Hyderabad and tie up with tour operators. As I already 
mentioned, four tour operators are selling our ABCs right 
now. We also have a tie up with the tourism department, 
and our name appears in the tourism website in 
Hyderabad. Visitors who come through the tourism 
department get a discounted offer. I think all of these will 
improve the situation in Hyderabad. As you have rightly 
mentioned, we are not happy with the growth we achieved 
in Hyderabad especially the current year, but we are 
hopeful that the things will improve. 
Rohit Potti: 
Great, thank you. I want to just end with one suggestion. I 
meet few businessmen from the north, and most of them 
have kids, which are the perfect target group for Wonderla. 
But even though most of the businessmen do travel to 
Bengaluru and Kochi, they are not aware of our parks. I 
am primarily from south and I am aware of your parks and 
I love the experience you provide. So I found it surprising 
that people who seem to be the perfect target group and 
also visit Bengaluru are somehow not aware of the brand. 
So when we get these people flying in, if there is 
something about Wonderla that might help. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 20 of 34 
George Joseph: Thank you very much for your feedback and suggestion. It 
is very valid. We will have to make Wonderla as a brand 
known across the country. With upcoming project in 
Odisha, our visibility across the country will be better. We 
are also targeting major cities in north, West and the East, 
wherein we are going to conduct one-to-one meeting with 
the tour operators. We are also exploring the idea of 
communication in the national media, both print and the 
electronic. 
Rohit Potti: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We have the next question from the line of 
Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Good morning, Sir. Thanks for giving me the 
opportunity. Sir, you just mentioned about the focus on 
improving the footfalls in Hyderabad Park for Q3. As the 
festive season has begun, have you seen any improvement 
in walk-ins in all your three parks? Rainfall got extended 
till Deepavali this year, so do you see an impact of the 
same or have you seen some kind of improvement? 
George Joseph: Mr. Pawaskar, as I mentioned in my opening remark, the 
rains and the slowdown in economy have affected the 
footfall across all the parks especially the walk-in. We 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 21 of 34 
could push group footfalls, which grew by about 50% 
across the parks, but the reason for the overall drop in the 
footfall is on account of the drop in the walk-ins. Q3 and 
Q4 are going to be the predominant quarter for the groups. 
We are particularly confident in Hyderabad because we 
have lined up many groups. So across all three locations, 
Q3 we will have the school & college season. With the sun 
brightening up, there will be change in the mood of the 
people and we will have better footfalls. But as mentioned 
earlier the downward cycle in the economy will have its 
impact and it will continue for some more time. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: In that case the realization of average ticket will be 
lower considering the fact groups are given higher 
discounts. So the realizations will be lower on Y-o-Y 
basis? 
George Joseph: I absolutely agree with you. Q3 is a quarter of groups 
where we see increase in footfall at the same time lower 
realization. However, on a Y-o-Y basis, I think there will 
be at least minimum 5% growth in the revenue. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: For the second half of FY2020? 
George Joseph: No, Q3. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 22 of 34 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Sir, your non-ticketing revenues have also seen a 
decline. Previously even though you had drop in footfalls, 
your non-ticketing revenues used to continuously grow. 
But for the last two quarters, we have seen that even non-
ticketing revenues have seen a dip, so what is the reason 
for the same? 
Satheesh Seshadri: 
In the Bengaluru Park it is directly 
proportionate to the footfalls. So when the footfall are low, 
there is a dip the non-ticket. If you take the average non-
ticket revenue per customer, there is an increase both in 
Hyderabad and the Bengaluru park while there is a small 
dip in Kochi park, on an account of the dip in the F&B. 
We are improving with new menus and other offerings, we 
hope to catch it up. 
George Joseph: As I mentioned, in Q2, there is a growth in groups, and a 
dip in the walk-in. Groups from schools, colleges have 
lower capacity to spend, hence the non-ticket revenue gets 
impacted due to the change in mix of the footfall. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: There were plans to bring in some value for money 
food options in all the three parks, so are you working on it 
or still it will take some time? 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 23 of 34 
Satheesh Seshadri: 
We have already launched all-day meal 
coupons, which is running for sometime now and we have 
also introduced buffet options. We have seen good traction 
in these two numbers. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Thanks for the clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We have next question from the line of 
Sanjay Ladha from Concept Investwell. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Ladha: Going forward, from a 3 to 5 years perspective, what are 
the parameters for the sustainability in amusement parks 
business? 
George Joseph: If you look at the CAGR of the amusement park industry 
in the country, it has been growing at around double digits 
over the last decade. If you compare with the global 
model, the penetration of the amusement park industry is 
much less in India. Once economic activity gains 
momentum and the GDP and per capita income go up, 
there will be about 10% to 12% CAGR across the years to 
come. 
Sanjay Ladha: From your point of view, business will grow at 10% to 
12% on revenue for a longer timeframe, not in short term? 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 24 of 34 
George Joseph: Exactly. In the current year, across the County there has 
been a de-growth in footfall for all listed parks. Even 
though Wonderla has not de-grown, there is a flat growth 
in the current quarter. We are in touch with all other parks, 
and we find that in all parks there is a de-growth in the 
footfalls. 
Sanjay Ladha: Sir, all the points you have mentioned are external factors, 
but what are the internal factors towards ensuring business 
sustainability? 
George Joseph: We must look at our strengths. At Wonderla, our USP is 
cleanliness, hygiene, and safety, which are unmatched 
across the industry. No other park can match the 
cleanliness, hygiene standards of Wonderla. The high NPS 
score reflects that all our visitors are thrilled and they will 
definitely come back in higher numbers. Even though there 
was a decline in the footfall of other parks in Q1, 
Wonderla could show a growth of about 10% to 12% 
because of our business process re-engineering. Plenty of 
activation have been done internally and we are confident 
to register a growth higher than the industry. We will 
continue to add new rides and give a new look to all our 
parks across locations. We have the best talents and our 
people are our strength. I am happy to mention that our 
company has been certified as a “Great Place to Work” by 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 25 of 34 
the “Great Place to Work Institute”. Globally, about 10000 
companies participate in the survey on an annual basis and 
only a few of them get certified. We have been certified as 
a Great Place to Work in the first year of our participation 
in the survey. The trust index of the company that includes 
trust by the employees and the cultural index are extremely 
high compared to firms of similar size (employing 500 
people or more). Then we also have a strong BD, BDP 
network, which are unique to us. We recently had an 
annual celebration for the BD & BDP and they have been 
recognized and awarded prizes. Apart from footfall and 
revenue, we evaluate the BDPs on many qualitative 
parameters like quality of their staff, the office setup, CRM 
implementation and other initiatives. For a BDP who 
scores 60% in the current appraisal we tell them you 
should score at least about 85% to 90% in the next 
appraisal. We are constantly trying to improve the quality 
of our people including the BDPs. We are apprising them 
every quarter on a five point scale and we are pushing their 
potential and the capability so that they will continue to 
benefit, not only the company, but also themselves by 
earning good commission and hope they will stay with us 
forever. These are some of the initiatives, which give us an 
edge over other companies and other parks. We are 
confident that our superiority in the business will continue. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 26 of 34 
Sanjay Ladha: In the previous call you have mentioned that you are 
looking to operate other parks, what is the progress on that 
front? 
George Joseph: Yes, we were looking at it and there is no update on that 
front. 
Satheesh Seshadri: 
We checked some parks in Karnataka 
region and some other region, but the quality of the rides 
and other things was not to our level, so we could not take 
it up. 
Sanjay Ladha: Okay Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rahul 
Agarwal from VEC Investments. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Mr. Joseph, I 
have two questions. Firstly, on the way you plan a park. It 
is a top down question. After initial setup costs, do you 
look at certain occupancy levels for about three to four 
years to calculate your paybacks? How will this change in 
the new parks wherein you will have a lesser capital cost 
for the land as you have a long-term lease. Further 
question is on the older parks where you own the land. 
You spend a lot of money on the land to enhance it, hence 
it takes longer to get your payback. If we divide the capex 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 27 of 34 
into these two parts where you have a long-term lease and 
land ownership and how do you look at optimum levels of 
occupancy, what is the payback period you plan currently? 
If the optimum level of ROCE is 20%, in what timeframe 
can the company achieve it on an overall basis? Thank you 
so much. 
Satheesh Seshadri: In case of Bengaluru and Kochi parks the payback 
period was about 7 to 9 years because the investment 
levels were also under control and in case of Hyderabad 
park, we have invested about Rs.272 Crores, so the 
payback period is going to be about 12 years. ROCE 
excluding the reevaluation of land is about 6% to 7% now. 
If you only take Kochi or a Bengaluru park, our ROCE is 
much higher. In case of Chennai park, where the 
investment is going to be about Rs.350 Crores plus and the 
major part is on the land, the payback period could be 
beyond 12 years. We are expecting ROCE on the parks to 
start with about 4% to 7% and go up to 10% to 12%. But at 
the same time, in the Odisha model where the investment 
in land is minimal, we will pass on the benefit to the 
people by reducing the ticket prices. But we expect higher 
footfall on account of the affordable ticker prices. 
Rahul Agarwal: So Chennai park will incur Rs.365 Crores of capex, of 
which Rs 85 crores was on land? 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 28 of 34 
George Joseph: Yes. 
Rahul Agarwal: And then the balance of 280 crores will be spent on? 
George Joseph: It is will be spent on the rides and the equipment and civil 
works. 
Rahul Agarwal: Could you help with a broad percentage breakup between 
ride, equipment and civil works? 
Satheesh Seshadri: Building & civil work will be 30%, the rides will 
account for another 30% and we have got the land for 
30%, the balance 10% will be on plant and equipment. 
Rahul Agarwal: For Chennai you will start with ROCE of 5% to 7% 
peaking at 12% is that correct? 
George Joseph: Yes. 
Rahul Agarwal: And for Odisha if one is assuming it a 10-year life cycle of 
ROCE would you generate on basis of current 
assumptions? 
Satheesh Seshadri: We are still working on the investment and pricing 
strategy. As said in the beginning of the call, the survey is 
being done and we will firm up on the pricing and then we 
will get back to you on that. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 29 of 34 
Rahul Agarwal: Do you have a benchmark rate when you start evaluating a 
project below which you may not take up a project? 
George Joseph: We do have that, and it is being evaluated. 
Rahul Agarwal: In which year do you think the company will achieve 20% 
ROCE overall on a blended basis? Is that a very high 
number, and a 12% to 15% would be a  reasonable range 
over next 5 years? 
George Joseph: Yes, that could be the number. 
Rahul Agarwal: Alright. Thank you so much. Thank you for answering 
my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rohit 
Balakrishnan from Vrddhi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
What is the new tax rate applicable? 
Satheesh Seshadri: 
We have already opted for the new tax rate of 
25.63%. Earlier it was 35%. Considering our turnover 
was under Rs.400 Crores, it came to 29%. Now it is at 
25.63% inclusive of all cess, we do not have MAT or any 
incentives under section 10. We have already availed the 
benefit of reduced taxation during this quarter. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 30 of 34 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
I would like to know what would be the projected 
annual footfall for Chennai park broadly, just to get a sense 
how big is the market? 
George Joseph: Market is quite big. We have recently visited the 
Vandalur Zoo at Chennai. We found that the average 
footfall to the zoo is around 20 lakhs per annum and some 
years it has peaked to 24 lakhs per annum. That being the 
level of footfall is seen in a zoo, we are confident of good 
visitor turnout at Chennai. We had recently gone to the 
aquarium setup by VGP near OMR Road in Chennai and 
found that there is good traction. We had footfall 
concerns when we started Bengaluru Park, but then we 
found that the Bengaluru Park turned out to be the best 
revenue generating park. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Do you track the repeat footfalls? 
George Joseph: More than 30% footfalls are repeated and we have a 
mechanism to track it. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
And this has been the same for a few years or that 
has increased recently? 
George Joseph: We have a loyalty program which we introduced last 
year, named Wonder Pass. We have issued around 30,921 
Wonder Passes in the year 2018-2019 and in the current 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 31 of 34 
year till now we have issued around 40,000 Wonder Pass, 
an increase of 33%. The redemption rate last year was 8% 
and in current year redemption is 17% till date. So that 
means we are able to get back 17% of the people who 
took the Wonder Pass. This loyalty program will gain 
popularity in the years to come and definitely we will see 
further improvements in redemptions. 
Satheesh Seshadri: 
This is only on the walk-in, but the groups, we still 
have the higher numbers repeating, schools and corporate. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Okay. This has been very helpful. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of 
Hardik Vora from Union Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Vora: 
Thank you for the opportunity. When we had two parks, 
the ROCE was upwards of 35%, what is different now 
because you are guiding for a lower ROCE going forward, 
so what has changed as far as the business structure is 
concerned? 
George Joseph: After our two initial parks in Kochi and Bengaluru, we 
added Hyderabad park with an initial investment of about 
Rs.272 Crores and now with the addition of Chennai park, 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 32 of 34 
ROCE will get impacted. Going forward with addition of 
parks, we expect the ROCE to come down. 
Hardik Vora: 
Right, but once the Hyderabad park is mature that is five 
years out, we would have three mature parks operating 
right, so the ROCE should upwards of 20%, excluding the 
land revaluation? 
Satheesh Seshadri: 
The ROCE including land revaluation for 
Hyderabad park is about 4% and excluding revaluation is 
about 5% for the H1FY20 and for Kochi park the ROCE 
including revaluation is about 5% and excluding 
revaluation is about 29% and for Bangalore park ROCE is 
about is about 28% including revaluation and excluding 
revaluation it is about 156%. Chennai park will also have a 
similar ROCE in the initial years like Hyderabad park 
because the capital base is going to be bigger number, in 
4% to 7% range and rise up to 10% to 12% range. 
Hardik Vora: 
Thanks. What is the expected lease rental for the Odisha 
project. 
George Joseph: For a 90 years lease, charges are only Rs.3 Crores for the 
entire 90 year period. 
Hardik Vora: 
And what would be the cost of setting up the project? 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 33 of 34 
Satheesh Seshadri: 
We are looking at Rs.75 Crores to Rs.100 Crores. 
Hardik Vora: 
Okay, got it. Last time you had indicated that you have 
also rationalized your A&P spends. 22% was being spent 
on print and you realized that a shift to digital will be more 
cost effective, so has that happened in this quarter? Was 
some benefit seen in this quarter? 
Satheesh Seshadri: 
Last time we spoke about moving from above the 
line which is the print initiative to the BTL. We increased 
below the line activities with more banners, Onam 
processions, enabling the BDPs with pamphlets and also 
pamphlets distribution. We are also simultaneously 
working on the digital initiatives. We increased film 
theater and on the radio advertisement compared to the 
print advertisements. Full impact of our efforts in first 
half was not seen due to the impact of rain due to which 
the reachability was not effective. 
George Joseph: Coming to digital, we have two models. First is direct 
online booking via our website, second is through the 
portals like Paytm, MakeMyTrip etc. These portals 
initially offered a lot of discounts and cashback which 
they have tapered down over a period of time. We found 
that the booking through the portals has come down, and 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
October 31, 2019 
 
Page 34 of 34 
at the same time, the booking through our online portal 
has substantially gone up. 
Hardik Vora: 
Okay, thank you for answering these questions. All the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last 
question. I will now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Sir, over to you. 
George Joseph: Thank you very much for the insightful questions. 
Though the Q2 performance was flat, we are not unduly 
worried as the Q2 accounts for around 16% of our annual 
turnover. We are confident that with the new parks 
coming up, we will have exciting days ahead for the 
company. With our lofty standards, we are here to stay, 
perform and flourish. I once again thank all of the 
participants for the meaningful interaction, which will 
enable us to improve further. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf 
of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining with us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
