Regd. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No. 93, 
Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India. 
Tel: +91 (20) 6645 8000 
2 December 2019 
y 
Listing Department 
DEEPAK FERTILISERS 
AND PETROCHEMICALS 
CORPORATION LIMITED 
The Secretary 
SSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
"Exchange Plaza", 
Sandra - Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Subject: Management Transcript for Q2 FY 2020 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
We would like to provide the Management Transcript for Q2 F.Y.2020 Earnings 
Conference Call, which was held on 1gt1, November, 2019. 
The transcript of the Q2 F.Y.2020 Earnings Conference Call is also available on below 
mentioned Youtube video link: https:/ /voutu.be/ 6QRboD-GfY 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Deepak Fertilisers 
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
K. Subharaman
Executive Vice President {Legal) & Company Secretary
Encl: as above 
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 I www.dfpcl.com 

 
 
 
 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
 
Q2 FY2020 
 
November 18, 2019 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sailesh Mehta – Chairman & Managing Director  
Mr. Amitabh Bhargava – President and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Deepak Balwani –Associate Vice President, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
Hosted by  Elara Securities Private Limited 
 

    
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Deepak Fertilisers & Petrochemicals 
Corporation Limited Q2 FY2020 earnings conference call hosted by Elara Securities 
Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by entering '*' then '0' on your 
touch-tone telephone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Tholiya from Elara Securities Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
On behalf of Elara Securities, I would like to welcome all the participants who have logged 
into this conference call of Deepak Fertilisers to discuss the Q2 results. From the 
management side, we have Mr. Sailesh Mehta – Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. 
Amitabh Bhargava – President & Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Deepak Balwani – 
Associate Vice-President, Investor Relations. At the outset, I would like to thank the 
management for giving us this opportunity to host this conference call. I would like to 
request Sailesh sir to begin with his opening remarks followed by which Amitabh sir can 
walk us through the quarterly numbers. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Mehta: 
A warm welcome to all of you. It is my great pleasure to welcome all of you for Deepak 
Fertilisers Q2 results conference call. I hope all of you have had a chance to go through our 
results that were uploaded but I will give you some of the broad highlights as I see and then 
of course, Amitabh can take us through the details. In a nutshell, it has been a very 
challenging Q2, and from an overall economic perspective also, as you would be aware, 
the infra, mining, manufacturing all of them have been at their lowest levels. We also were 
seeing overall climate change going really peculiar and impacting in a very peculiar 
manner. First, the rains were delayed by a month and then there have been incessant rains 
extended and as a result, initially the fertiliser sector saw a lot of pileup of inventory. Then 
we had a break and the season began briskly, then again the farmers have lost a lot of crops 
and things at the end of Q2 were into a very peculiar zone. What we now understand is the 
government has announced its keen desire to bring in subsidies for the losses that the 
farmers have suffered. On the other hand, what we see is that all the water dams are also 
full, the ground level water is of course much higher, and as a result, there is expected to 
be a larger acreage under cultivation going forward. We expect, the rabi season right up to 
the next kharif to be a better in comparison to the earlier years. 
This incessant rains also impacted the mining activity. As you are aware, mining activities 
typically in the monsoon are low, but this kind of an extended rain and some of the flooding 
in some of the mines also has impacted the mining activity at larger extent during the 
quarter. And with the broad slowdown in terms of the real estate, cement infrastructure 

    
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
being impacted. All of it put together, we saw also its impact on technical ammonium 
nitrate, one of our major product line. Of course, now we see gradually over the next 2 
quarters that also climbing back to normalcy but Q2 was certainly challenging.  
We also had a very large dumping of cheap Chinese IPA and that impacted our IPA 
products. Currently, things have somewhat bounced back where our raw material to 
finished product delta has somewhat improved. And we have also filed for safeguard duty 
protection. 
In the quarter, we were also adversely impacted with unjustified wrong water cut by MIDC. 
As a kind of a blanket, 50% water cut on all companies in Taloja MIDC area and this had 
impacted almost 42 days of our production and roughly around Rs.15 crores odd impact. 
By considering this aspect, of course, the logic of it has been accepted by the Supreme 
Court who then put a stay and the water has been restored. 
There was also, again, a forced closure at the Dahej facility because of the GPCB aspect 
where again we felt that it was too harsh a step and where again we got hit by 3 weeks but 
whatever were the requirements have been completed fully and now, of course, the plant 
is in full swing back. 
We also saw a certain degree of underutilization on the fertiliser side because of the flip-
flop and high inventory because of the way the monsoon behaved, and which brought in 
also a certain kind of margin erosion. Having said that, we are also seeing some good 
positives that are emerging and they also to us trigger the early green shoots for the next 
12 months. There have been good declines in the key raw material prices – phosphoric 
acid, ammonia, propylene – and all of it we see as a positive trend. 
As far as the fertiliser side goes, we were seeing some very good trends. As you all know 
that we have moved more and more towards a speciality product rather than the commodity 
NPK, and in this product line, we have now a much greater confidence. This is derived 
from the fact that we had almost 13,000 to 14,000 demo plots which could conclusively 
prove that the efficacy of our speciality NPK is something that clearly at a ground level 
was well proven. And that aspect reflected in the confidence that the channel – the 
wholesalers and the retailers – showed plus we have had a good pickup of the speciality 
fertiliser from a perspective of the farmers accepting even at a premium price to our 
product. We have seen a very positive traction for speciality fertiliser and sold almost 
1,50,000 tonnes and which would mean that almost a million farmers are the ones who 
have utilized the fertiliser and found its benefits. So, the marginal cost benefit ratio that we 
were seeing and which we are talking about now seems to have also percolated to ground 
level where the farming community has seen the benefits and despite the premium that we 
had charged, there was a positive traction in terms of both sales and liquidation. 

    
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
The other aspect that we see is that in terms of our production at Dahej, we have now 
proven 100% capacity utilization of both the concentrated nitric acid and weak nitric acid 
products, which establishes the fact that Dahej is now fully in good shape.  
At the Creativity Mall also, our occupancy levels have reached 83% and with a 30% year-
on-year improvement in the footfall. 
We have also somewhere kick-started our efforts on monetizing the non-core where the 
investments that we had made in the agri venture were monetized and also some of the 
surplus land that has been monetized. And going forward, we will be continuing those 
efforts. 
We have also had IFC Washington disburse their first tranche of and CCD and FCCB and 
that has also come in as reconfirming the confidence in Deepak Fertilizers’ operations and 
growth plan. And from the promoters' side also, further investments of Rs. 25 crores against 
the total preferential allotment further came in at around Rs. 309 per share. 
From a system perspective, we have also made a lot of efforts and moved from SAP to 
SAP HANA. We have brought in other IT-driven systems in terms of sales and operations 
planning and ensured that the system in process backbone of the company is further 
strengthened. Going forward, all these would be bringing in a much stronger crux in the 
marketplace that we have planned. 
This is broadly the overview. I now request Amitabh to take you through the details and 
explain a variety of aspects in financial terms plus of course then he can take in the question 
& answers for any clarifications that you may need. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Welcome ladies and gentlemen. During the quarter Q2 FY20, we have reported a total 
revenue of Rs. 1,151 crores. Operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 117 crores with operating 
margins of about 10.1%. In Q2 FY20, operating margins were about 6.5% in Q2 of FY19 
and about 10.7% in Q1 FY20. Net profit stood at Rs. 25.5 crores in Q2 FY20. 
In chemical segment, manufactured chemical business reported revenues of Rs. 524 odd 
crores in Q2 FY20 as compared to Rs. 670 crores in Q2 FY19. The segment performance 
was impacted primarily due to relatively lower economic activity in the country and certain 
flooding situations at customer's site at Dahej.  
During the quarter, acid volumes increased by about 6.3% YOY, and during the quarter, 
MIDC though the point that Mr. Mehta was mentioning earlier that MIDC curtailed the 
inlet water to all the industries in Taloja industrial area in the first week of September which 
kind of continued till the end of the month resulting in production volume loss of various 
products. The water supply was restored in October 2019 after stay from honorable 

    
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Supreme Court. On a positive note, we have tested operations at our Dahej plant for 100% 
capacity utilization. 
In IPA business, despite IPA products coming into positive zone, the impact of dumping 
from Chinese continues to affect IPA margins. During Q2 FY20, IPA volumes were lower 
by 11% YOY, although volumes have increased by about 72% compared to Q1 of FY20. 
Despite the recent softening in RGP prices, IPA margins remained impacted due to 
reduction in IPA import prices. 
Our TAN business also reported subdued performance during the quarter. TAN sales were 
impacted mainly on account of reduction in sales volume of low-density ammonium nitrate 
by 27% and high-density ammonium nitrate by 23% owing to incessant and extended rains 
in the mining regions, stagnant growth in cement production, and weak infrastructure 
development and some bit of degrowth in Coal India's coal production during the quarter. 
The volume loss was offset to some extent by sales volume gain of TAN solution by nearly 
37% and better price realizations of HDAN and TAN solutions during the quarter. The 
situation is expected to improve over the H2 FY20. 
As per the strategy, we are consciously reducing chemical trading business and it has been 
reduced from Rs. 409 crores in Q2 FY19 to Rs. 105 crores in Q2 FY20. Going forward, 
the company will continue to consolidate its trading portfolio and focus on high-margin 
products. 
Our manufactured fertilizer business reported revenue growth of 18% YOY to Rs. 420 
crores in Q2 FY20. Sales volume of NPK increased by 22% YOY and NP grew by 25% 
YOY. However, the segment profitability was impacted on account of high channel 
inventory and abrupt price disruption in our core command area. This has been partially 
offset by decline in the prices of key raw material compared to Q1 FY20 and Q2 FY19. 
The business is now well on course with the strategy of product differentiation and 
becoming a crop nutrient solution provider whereas Smartek as a percentage of NPK sales 
increased from 37% in H1 FY19 to 57% in H1 FY20. The company has also increased 
Smartek premium on MRPs in Q2 FY20 from Q1 FY20 with increased focus on Smartek 
products. We have shifted 100% production to Smartek products now with effect from 
September 2019. Under crop-specific water-soluble grade fertilizers, we have introduced 
3 crop-specific products for pulse, flowering, and sugarcane. 
Fertilizer trading business was reduced from Rs. 325 crores in Q2 FY19 to Rs. 92 crores 
in Q2 FY20. The reduction in traded revenue in CNB was in line with the strategic decision 
to move towards differentiated NPK grade. 

    
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
As on September 30th 2019, our total debt of the company declined to Rs. 2,994 crores 
compared to Rs. 3,032 crores at the end of March 2019. Short-term debt declined to Rs. 
1,064 crores in September 2019 from Rs. 1,176 in March 2019. Long-term debt was Rs. 
1,845 crores and net debt was down to Rs. 2,868 crores. Net debt-to-equity stood at 1.34x 
in September 2019 compared to 1.26x in March 2019. Our ICRA long-term debt rating is 
A+ with stable outlook while short-term debt rating is A1. 
As  Mr. Mehta also mentioned, International Finance Corporation (IFC) has successfully 
subscribed to the first tranche of $30 million, i.e., approximately Rs. 210 crores by way of 
compulsorily convertible debentures and foreign currency convertible bonds into Deepak 
Fertilisers & Petrochemicals (DFPCL) and its wholly owned subsidiary Smartek 
Technologies Limited. The investment by IFC in the company is part of its $60 million 
investment commitment by way of CCDs and FCCBs. The second tranche of USD 30 
million is expected to be subscribed in the next 3 months. The proceeds of the issue would 
be utilized for funding Capex including expansion projects and working capital 
requirements of the business. 
With this entrusted confidence in the business of the company, the promoters have also 
recently infused Rs. 25 crores into the company towards conversion of warrants into equity 
shares and this was done at Rs. 309 a share. 
We have also embarked on the path to sort of monetize our non-core assets and flow back 
the capital into our core business. As part of these efforts, the company has recently sold 
75% of its holding in Desai Fruits & Vegetables Private Limited to Contract Farming 
Mauritius Private Limited for Rs. 28.2 crores. This was done in July 2019. Desai Fruits has 
business of growing banana plantation and supplies to domestic as well as international 
markets. Furthermore, as a strategy to divest non-core investment, the company is in the 
process of monetizing its other non-core assets including real estate assets. 
Management is focused on tight cost control measures for optimizing workflows and 
implementing operational improvements to enhance profitability. Mr. Mehta mentioned 
about our transition from SAP to SAP HANA. We would continue to focus on our 
leadership position in core products and develop markets for the newer value-added 
products which will help us to sustain and scale up our profitability. 
Going forward, with expectations of good rabi season, gradually improving business 
dynamics and various strategic initiatives undertaken by us. We are quite confident of 
maintaining positive momentum in the coming quarters. 
With this, we would be happy to take your questions. 

    
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Rachit Jain from RJ Investment Studio. Please go ahead. 
Rachit Jain: 
My question is for Mr. Amitabh. What is the current blended cost of financing, sir? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I would say our short-term cost of funding is about 9.5%; long-term would be roughly 
about say ~10.6%; and blended cost would be about 10.2%. 
Rachit Jain: 
One more thing I wanted to ask was, what is the amount of outstanding subsidy as on 30th 
September 2019? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Our outstanding subsidy is about Rs. 263 odd crores. It was about Rs. 396 crores at the end 
of March 2019. So, it is down by roughly about Rs. 130 cores in this period. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nityanand Pradan, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Nityanand Pradan: 
My question is to Mr. Mehta. Sir, can you please provide reasons behind lower sales 
volume and impacted profitability of IPA during quarter 2? Going forward, what is the 
outlook for IPA in FY20 considering the excess IPA supply from China? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
In IPA as you know, in Q1 FY20 we were in the negative zone in some sense because our 
raw material prices were yet to correct while IPA prices had corrected sharply. In Q2, we 
have moved to positive zone primarily because the RGP prices also corrected in Q2, though 
as far as IPA prices are concerned, the domestic prices continued to remain subdued. In 
fact, they went further down in Q2 vis-a-vis Q1. Now what is happening is that as such, 
the international prices of IPA have started moving up and the new import that is coming 
into the country, as even in Q2, had been priced better than Q1 and we are seeing the prices 
further going up in Q3, but because of certain inventories which were imported earlier, at 
least in Q2, we did not see the price correction – IPA upwards correction. We believe that 
with these inventories getting exhausted, the prices of IPA would start reflecting the recent 
hike in international prices of IPA. And we believe that H2 would be definitely a better 
half than H1. 
The other aspect that Mr. Mehta mentioned was that we have kind of also applied for 
certain safeguard duties given that there has been a dumping from China. And if that 
application and government takes certain measures there, then we believe that if not in H2 
but in quarters after that, we should get the positive impact of both the price correction as 
well as any safeguard mechanism that government may decide to impose. 
Nityanand Pradan: 
My next question is, during the quarter, we have also seen acid business performance 
remaining subdued. Can you please share the factors affecting the same? 

    
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Generally, Q2, relatively among the quarters, is a weak quarter for both acid and TAN, 
primarily because the downstream TAN capacities as well as the other capacities are 
running at lower utilization level. So, there is more acid in the market. What did happen is 
other than the normal cyclical factor of Q2, we also saw a certain flooding situation is some 
of our customers' plants. So, the offtake from Dahej was weak. Also, to an extent, we saw 
evacuation even on certain highways like Mumbai-Bengaluru highway was interrupted 
because of flooding situation. And Mr. Mehta was also mentioning that GPCB also had 
taken certain measures which we believed were harsh measures, and as a result, our Dahej 
plant was also down for a period. So, I think, a combination of all these 3-4 factors, the 
acid was even weaker than what it normally is in Q2. 
Nityanand Pradan: 
Sir, there are some news floating around EC of NPK. Could you please highlight what is 
the status of EC of NPK plant? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
EC of NPK, we had the application pending with Ministry of Environment and Forest but 
they have given us the approval for 11.25 lakh MTPA. That is already obtained. It was 
done during this period, in July. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rahul Anand from 108 Valuations. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Anand: 
Sir, I have 3 questions. First is, you have mentioned in the presentation that the company 
is making good progress on monetization of other non-core assets. Can you please throw 
some light on that issue? 
My second question is that in your presentation, you mentioned that gross debt has come 
down from Rs. 3,500 from March of 2018 to Rs. 3,000 crores in September of 2019. Can 
you provide guidance on a debt-to-equity ratio for going forward for the next 2-3 years 
how it would be? 
My third question is there have been recent changes in the corporate tax regime. Does that 
have any impact on Deepak Fertilisers and subsidiary and how that impact will be visible? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
To your first question on monetization, we mentioned that the DFV which is the subsidiary 
that we have already sold our 75% stake. Also we sold one other land parcel that we had 
in Gujarat. Of course, that process is underway, but we have got all the required approvals 
as such. The other couple of assets that we are progressing – of course, it is very difficult 
to commit any timeframe right now – but one land in Odisha, we have land parcel in Pune, 
and we have another subsidiary of Smartkem, an overseas subsidiary, all these three we are 
at different stages. We are taking the help of some intermediaries also in this. This is 
something which the whole process is on, but it is very difficult to commit any time, and 

    
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
we will come back to the investors and stock exchange once we have any concrete step 
taken on any of these monetization initiatives. 
On your second question on gross debt and your question was on debt-equity ratio going 
forward, normally we would not want to give any prognosis or any projections of future 
debt-equity but like you are aware that we have our ammonia project where nearly I would 
say about 40-45% of debt is already reflected in our books. The balance debt would be 
taken over the next say 2 to 2.5 years but equally we would start repaying and we are 
already repaying NPK debt. We would start repaying Dahej and the other long-term debts. 
As far as the working capital debt is concerned, it all would depend on the capacity 
utilization of CNB business. Put together, I would see that while the long-term debt would 
grow because of our Capex and would also equally come down because of the repayment 
on our existing long-term debt that we have started repaying but it is very difficult to predict 
right now on working capital which way it would move. So, we would not like to give any 
sort of guidance as such on that. 
Your last point on corporate tax; we are aware of the new regime and we are still in the 
process of evaluating its long-term impacts on tax liability. As such, there are factors that 
we need to consider. Of course, once we opt for the new tax regime, there is no room to 
come out of it in the future. There are brought-forward losses pertaining to exemptions and 
investment allowances under section 80-IA and 35-AD, etc., that will also have to be 
forfeited, and I would say that there would also have to be a forfeiture of carried-forward 
MAT credit. Given that there are these elements, we are still in the process of evaluating 
whether to opt for the new tax regime or not. Moreover, I think there is still a little bit of 
an uncertainty around depreciation because they had, I think, said that depreciation rate 
may be prescribed, and we are awaiting those details. Once we have clarity on what 
depreciation rate would be applicable for the new tax regime, we would take that view in 
due course. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Renu Bajaj, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Renu Bajaj: 
I have a couple of questions. First is, what is the impact of water cut by MIDC in 2nd 
quarter on production of ammonia, TAN, and acids? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I don't have those figures and normally we don't talk about our production numbers. So, I 
wouldn't be able to say in terms of quantum what was the loss but Mr. Mehta did mention 
that. Overall I would say about 30,000 to 33,000 tonnes of various products put together 
there was that production loss. I wouldn't be able to share a split of that in terms of various 
products that you are asking. 
Renu Bajaj: 
Another one, despite higher sales volume, fertiliser segment's profitability during the 
quarter impacted significantly. Can you please share factors impacting profitability? 

    
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
One is, there was a price disruption in Maharashtra in our core command area where on 
one hand while the raw material prices went down, there was also a price reduction by 
competition. So, we also had to follow suite. Now, the other thing that happened which as 
such while the overall inventory in the market remained high, in our case, our inventory 
was actually lower because we sold our bulk fertiliser. Q2, obviously, volumes went up but 
our overall closing inventory was lower vis-a-vis our opening inventory. And I would say 
in a downward correcting market where MRPs are coming down, some of this reduction in 
inventory also reflects in your P&L. So, a combination of price reduction and I think 
inventory valuation loss, I think these two were the reasons why we lost overall volumes. 
Also, our trading was much lower as you would see which was consciously done, and to 
an extent, there were trading margins last year but there were no trading margins this year. 
So, a combination of that reflected in our overall margins. 
Renu Bajaj: 
Another one, what is our strategy for trading in chemical business going forward? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
We will continue to trade in IPA. And as you have seen, we have substantially reduced the 
volumes of overall trading and within other products. IPA is the only product that we are 
trading in. We will continue to do that trading. But overall, I think volumes have already 
been reduced and by and large our run rate for IPA volumes would be similar to what you 
saw in this quarter. 
Renu Bajaj: 
My last question is, Other Income in Q2 FY20 was Rs. 30 crores compared to Rs. 13 crores 
in Q2 FY19. What is the reason? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
We had capital gains on account of DFV sale and that reflected in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pravin Sinha, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Pravin Sinha: 
Sir, coming to our fertiliser business, since the monsoon hasn't relatively good this year, 
should we expect our fertiliser plants to ramp up the production in the coming quarter? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Yes. I think it's a combination of two. One is, of course, there are market inventories that 
continue to be high of bulk complex fertilisers. Second is, like we mentioned, we are only 
producing Smartek now. So, to that extent, we don't plan to sell plain vanilla bulk and 
therefore our production going forward would be a combination of market inventory, our 
own Smartek production plan. But it is fair to say given H2 is looking a good rabi season 
and then running into the next kharif, most of our sales in the 1st quarter, we expect that 
the volumes would be better than H1 and to that extent, our capacity utilization should 
improve. 
Pravin Sinha: 
This seems to be a positive news. So, have you given any additional discounts to clear the 
inventories in Q2? Were there huge inventory piled up, sir? 

    
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Overall industry inventory was high and likewise our inventory was also high. As such, 
whatever discounts we have given in the market for collection are in line with what industry 
was offering. That's a normal business situation in any quarter as such. To an extent, we 
need to also be at par with the industry on such discounts. 
Pravin Sinha: 
Also can you please provide some more details about this IFC funding? It seems a bit 
complicated to understand. How much is in Deepak and how much is in Smartchem? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
USD 30 million; USD 15 million is in Deepak and USD 15 million is in Smartchem. 
Smartchem, it is compulsorily convertible debenture while in Deepak, it is foreign currency 
convertible bond where the conversion price is Rs. 250 a share. Both of these are for a 
period of on an average about 6 odd years. 
Pravin Sinha: 
 I have two more questions. You have mentioned that raw material prices have declined 
compared to Q2 FY20. Can you share how much it has decreased compared to Q2 FY19? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Normally, we don't indicate the prices, but I think all raw material prices, whether it is 
RGP, phosphoric acid, ammonia, and I think gas, all of them were down vis-a-vis YOY as 
well as QOQ. We don't normally disclose the numbers as such. 
Pravin Sinha: 
My last question to you, sir. Can you please share your thoughts on our strategy towards 
manufacturing of methanol and what is the current scenario of raw material prices and 
methanol prices? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Methanol is a swinging capacity for us. We produced only to the extent we have gas and 
methanol delta positive. We don't normally budget any fixed capacity utilization for the 
year. It is very-very opportunistic. Last year was the only case where we had taken a view 
on prices of methanol which sharply tanked, and to an extent, in Q3, I think we incurred 
losses in manufacturing. Going forward, we by and large would plan to produce methanol 
so long as we have back-to-back commitment from buyers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Shah, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
Congratulations on such a great set of numbers. My question was, there is a substantial 
reduction in the Other Expenditure. Is there some one-off or is it more or less sustainable? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Essentially there were certain operating provisions that we keep reviewing on a quarter-
on-quarter and 6 monthly basis along with our auditors. As such, we take provisions for 
various operating expenses whether it is inventory or transportation loss of our bulk raw 
material or certain damages or transportation cost. To an extent, both could be under 
provisioning or overprovisioning in certain quarters. We keep correcting that on a quarterly 
or 6 monthly basis. And this is part of that. 

    
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Raj Shah: 
Because I understand that last quarter, there was a spike in Other Expenditure due to some 
litigation cost, right? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Yes, we had also earlier given a guidance that we had a number of performance 
improvement initiative that we had taken, whether it is SAP to SAP HANA. We were also 
working on a couple of other initiatives like sales and operations planning where we had 
consultants working for us. So, some of the fees which was there last year has substantially 
come down. There is an element of variable fee also for some of these consultants. While 
some of it, in the beginning, on a quarter on quarter we may provide to an extent they don't 
become due. We also do not provide on a going-forward basis. As such, there is a reduction 
in Other Expenses because of some of the consulting assignments have come to an end and 
also some of the fee that we had anticipated may not materialize. 
Raj Shah: 
Maybe going forward, we might see an increase in Other Expenditure? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
On an average, compared to last year, there will be a reduction. 
Raj Shah: 
And for the realty business, you are saying that the occupancy levels have increased, and 
the footfall has increased but it is still generating loss. It is more or less the same; from Rs. 
3.7 crores to Rs. 3.4 odd crores loss. I don't really see change happening when it comes to 
numbers in the realty business. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Yes, your observation is correct. As such, right now in the short-term, we are coming only 
closer to, I would say, a breakeven or where we don't incur EBITDA losses, but I think it 
will take us some time before it moves into positive domain. Given that our capacity 
utilization is also fairly good, 80% plus, the positive margin has to come from further sales 
as such and our share of revenues from the various other businesses where there is a sharing 
arrangement. But I think Mr. Mehta did mention and which I also mentioned in a little bit 
of more detail that we are looking at monetization of all our non-core including our Pune 
real estate. This, over a period of time, I think we need to, while we parallelly pursue the 
monetization strategy…. 
Raj Shah: 
But do we have a pie of the market for such a huge realty business? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
It is very difficult to say but the point is the land as such that we have in Pune is at a very 
opportunistic place which is very close to the airport opposite golf course. 
Raj Shah: 
If I am not wrong, that land is basically valued at some Rs. 800-900 odd crores, right? The 
entire land with the mall, right? How difficult is it for you to find a buyer who can actually 
make an upfront payment of such an amount? 

    
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
 First of all, it need not be 1 single parcel of land that has to be sold. There is an option and 
possibility of within that land, it could possibly be sold to more than one potential buyer. 
So, the transaction size could actually be lower than that. Having said that, if there are 
buyers who are looking at that larger size, we also have that option. It is too early at this 
stage to say what kind of valuation and how soon we would be able to conclude this, but 
we have commenced the process and we will have to see based on initial response. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Govind Saboo from IndiaNivesh Portfolio 
Management Securities. Please go ahead. 
Govind Saboo: 
Sir, what is the status of our upcoming ammonia plant? Have we received the EC and all 
those things? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
We got a clarification that for our ammonia plant, we don't require MoEF approval. We 
now only require a consent to establish from the Government of Maharashtra, which 
application was lodged. We have got the clarification from MoEF just prior to, I would 
say, when the code of conduct had come in. We had filed our application, but we are now 
awaiting in some sense government to form and to take a view on our application. But 
given that MoEF approval is not required, we don't expect the process to be a long-drawn 
process. 
Govind Saboo: 
Now we have IFC money also plus we have loan financial closure also tied up for the 
project. This delay will not have any impact on the financial closure in terms of the loan 
repayment and all those things? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Financial closure is already achieved. We have drawn a part of the funds, and in our overall 
debt, nearly about Rs. 850 odd crores of ammonia project debt also reflects in our overall 
consolidated debt. Now, as such, given that the initial phase which is a long lead item where 
some of the large equipments can take time or engineering and some of the initial work can 
take time in a normal project cycle, we have completed all of that. Nearly 60-65% of our 
equipments are already there with us in warehouse and the balance are in different stages 
of transit. So, we expect the construction as such to be a much faster activity. We don't 
anticipate much delays as such. 
Govind Saboo: 
Any timeline for the commencement of production? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Commencement of production, we are looking at 3rd quarter of 2021. 
Govind Saboo: 
So, 2 years from now. Secondly, what was the capacity utilization of our nitric acid plant? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
You mean Dahej nitric acid plant? 

    
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
Govind Saboo: 
Yes, the one which was recently started. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
In H1, our capacity utilization was about 45%. 
Govind Saboo: 
When can we expect a ramp up? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Just to answer your question, at a run rate on a per day basis, we are currently running 
almost at 90% capacity. Of course, there were issues of rains, initial teething problems and 
the GPCB issue that we mentioned. Going forward, we expect that the capacity utilization 
would be significantly better than what we saw in the 1st half. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Hardik Shah from Prospero Tree. Please go 
ahead. 
Hardik Shah: 
In the press release, we mentioned that the prices of raw materials are down on a quarter-
on-quarter basis and YOY basis but as a percentage of sales if we see, it is 68% for this 
quarter compared to 62% in Q1 FY20. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Are you looking at the figures including the change in inventory? 
Hardik Shah: 
Our change is almost the same for Rs. 1,150 crores and Rs. 1,122 crores but the raw 
material costs for this quarter is Rs. 840 crores compared to Rs. 755 crores. So Why  there 
was increase in the raw material cost on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I think you have perhaps not looked at the inventory adjustment. If you include it along 
with inventory adjustment, the numbers should compare. 
Hardik Shah: 
Another is on the Other Expenses side. What is the normal Other Expenses that we should 
consider? Because it is fluctuating too much, for this quarter Rs. 110 crores versus last 
quarter Rs. 167 crores. What should we consider going ahead the Other Expenses? Can 
you guide on that? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
It is difficult to give any guidance on Other Expenses, but I think this would be the range; 
Rs. 110 to Rs. 130-140 odd crores. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nishit Shah from  Aequitas. Please go ahead. 
Nishit Shah: 
Sir, I want an outlook on fertiliser segment. Do we see margins improving going forward 
in Q3 and Q4? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Q3 and Q4, one is, the MRPs have stabilized as against what we saw in Q2 where because 
of competition, we had to also slash our MRPs. The overall raw material prices, I would 
say, there is a possibility that phosphoric acid prices may come down further marginally 

    
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
and as such, overall, our Smartek as a percentage of our total sales has seen an improvement 
from 37% up to 57% and our MRPs are also in August we improved our premium from, 
5% over competition to nearly 10% over competition in MRP in Smartek. So, a 
combination of all these 3 factors, I would leave it to your judgment but I think it should 
result in better margins vis-a-vis H1. 
Nishit Shah: 
Sir, in TAN segment, how have October and November panned out? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I can't give you any guidance on that, I am sorry. 
Nishit Shah: 
But going forward, are we bullish that the segment will perform better? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
The TAN segment saw, like I said, a little bit of a setback. It was also because of flooding 
situation in Coal India mine. Obviously, with rains coming to a halt, the production in Coal 
India mine should come back. In general, H2 compared to H1 is nearly 30% to 35% higher 
in terms of volume. So, I would say if everything remains normal, we should see similar 
increase of volumes in H2 compared to H1. 
Nishit Shah: 
Sir, you said that we are going to monetize the land in Gujarat. What kind of amount can 
we get from this? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
We are yet to give this guidance to the stock exchange. We will shortly be giving that and 
you could gather this as part of our stock exchange guidance. 
Nishit Shah: 
Sir, what is the current price of ammonia and phosphoric acid? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Phosphoric acid, the international pricing is $625. Ammonia prices changes almost every 
week, but we would be about $250 FOB Middle East. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would like to hand the floor back to Mr. 
Pratik Tholiya for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
On behalf of Elara Securities, I would like to thank all the participants who have logged 
into this call. Thanks to the management also for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
I would request Amitabh sir to make his final comments. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Thank you everyone for your participation and patient hearing. For any further queries or 
clarifications, please feel free to get in touch with our Investor Relations team. Deepak 
Balwani would be happy to answer your questions. Thank you all again. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 

    
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2020 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Deepak Balwani  
Associate Vice President – Investor Relations 
deepak.balwani@dfpcl.com  
+91 20 6645 8733 
 
Ajay Tambhale 
Churchgate Partners 
deepakfertilisers@churchgatepartners.com  
+91 22 6169 5988 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reg. and Corp. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No.: 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India 
Web: www.dfpcl.com 
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without 
limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to DFPCL’s 
future business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our 
assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These 
factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements 
in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial 
conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business 
and financial performance. DFPCL undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
future / likely events or circumstances. 
