Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai  - 400 001 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 506194 
Class of Security: Equity 
Symbol: ARIHANTSUP 
Series: EQ 
&Rao 
I I et. 
Company Secreta 
AV! 
M M RAI 
ARIHANT 
SUPERSTRUCTURES LTD. 
CONTINUING STABILITY 
L, • I I n .1 I WO SI P II IL I T Y 
29th November, 2019 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call: 
Sir /Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached Transcript of Conference Call, organized on 
Friday, 15th November, 2019 at 4:00 P.M. to discuss the Unaudited Financial Result for 
Quarter ended on 30th September, 2019. 
Kindly take the same in your records and inform the Stakeholders accordingly. 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully 
For Arihant Superstructures Limited 
Enclosed: a/a 
151900MH1983PLCO29643 	
Arihont Aura, 8-Wing, 25-  Floor, Plot No 13/1, 
Tel.: 022 6249  3333 Website  :  wvnv.asInet.in  
TIC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, 	 022  6249 3344  Email :  info@osl.netin 
Turbhe, Novi Mumbai, Maharashtra  - 400705 

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“Arihant Superstructures Limited Q2 FY20 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK CHHAJER – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 
MR. UMESH JHAWAR – VICE PRESIDENT (STRATEGY 
& INVESTOR RELATIONS), ARIHANT 
SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited  
November 15,2019 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the Arihant Superstructures 
Limited Q2 FY20 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Umesh Jhawar – VP, Strategy and IR. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Umesh Jhawar: 
Thanks Inba. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us for the Q2 FY20 
Result ended on 30th September 2019 Earnings Call for Arihant Superstructures. I am 
Umesh Jhawar and I take care of strategy and industry relations at Arihant 
Superstructures Limited. 
Please note that the results and presentations have been mailed and you can check 
this in our website www.asl.net.in. To take us through the results and to answer your 
questions today we have Mr. Ashok Chhajer – Chairman and Managing Director of 
Arihant Superstructures Limited. 
We will be starting this call with a brief overview of the company’s performance 
followed by a Q&A session. I would like to remind that everything said on this call 
that reflect any outlook for the future and which can be construed as a forward-
looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with uncertainties and the risk that 
we face. These uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what we have 
mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and in subsequent annual reports you 
can find on our website. 
With that said, I would now turn over the call to Mr. Ashok Chhajer. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Welcome everybody. This Quarter 2 we could almost achieve the same top line of 
revenues which was 531 million and the EBITDA was about 74 mn but the PBT was 
negative of 12.87 mn and consolidated the PAT was around minus 14.82mn. This 
Quarter 2 we could achieve sales of 177 flats despite rainy season,  we did144 in 
Mumbai and 33 in Jodhpur, Rajasthan which amounts to around 69 crores sale value 
and a total of 178,000 square feet. So in terms of sales though not really on the higher 
side, but it was not on average trend and the average sales price also has been 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited  
November 15,2019 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
increasing a bit in Mumbai - it was Rs. 4,336 per square feet and for Jodhpur it was 
Rs. 2,350 per square feet. 
I open up the whole session for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Chetan Shah from ARG Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chetan Shah: 
Just a couple of questions what impacted the margins negatively during the quarter 
because your sales have increased, but at the same time operating margins, EBITDA 
margins have come down? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
One the selling price we had to sell some of the products at a little lesser price and 
secondly the total interest cost as well as the administrative cost increased and due to 
that the total margins have been on a negative side. 
Chetan Shah: 
Sir, if I look at the details reserves there has been substantial change in the inventory 
that we are holding, so can you just share your comments on that sir? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Inventory WIP is already there, but in terms of total number of projects we could into 
ready possession mode with unsold inventory at two of the projects reached 
possession stage where OC was received and that total inventory of around Rs. 181 
crores and which is to the tune of 442 flats. So Mumbai has 283 flats and Jodhpur 39 
flats and this is how the old total inventory in terms of sales of number of units will 
inch up as the projects are moviing towards completion stages. 
Chetan Shah: 
There is also a note which is being shared that the management has reduced the 
promoters interest outgo from 15% to 8%, so what will be the impact is it a prorate 
basis for the full year, can you just highlight on that and what will be the measured 
impact on that on the full year basis? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The managing director of Arihant Abode Limited requested the promoters to reduce 
the interest charged on promoter loans and that was accepted by all the promoter 
lenders and it has been decreased from retrospective effect 1st April, 2019 to 31st 
March 2020 for the whole financial year and that would amount to Rs. 11.5 to 12 
crore. This outgoing would be reduced by the company for the interest being paid. So 
that would Arihant to reduce costs and to also get into good traction mode.  

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited  
November 15,2019 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
Chetan Shah: 
So 12 crore would be for full year? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Rs. 12 crore of total amount would be the difference of interest rate which would be 
paid less to the promoters. So it would be Rs. 12 crore paid less to the promoters for 
the loans given by them. 
Chetan Shah: 
So that would be the 12 saving that in turn for the company if I am interpreting it 
right? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Pretty perfect. 
Chetan Shah: 
Sir, just if you can share some views of the real estate sector and how do you see 
going ahead six months, one year down the line? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The last six months again when you see the directional news in terms of industry and 
sector right from Delhi NCR to Mumbai. So it has not been good that there had been 
situations where NCLT cases have increased and we see that in the coming 6 to 12 
months also would be on the same line where though it would be supported to a large 
extent by the government for in terms of fresh infusion of funds into the system that 
is NBFC and real estate sector particularly, but what would be appreciated would be 
if more facility being given to the home buyer that could enhance the strength and 
capacity of each induvial end home buyer and going forward yes around one years of 
time it is not a good time and the reduction in the expenditure maybe direct or 
indirect and efficiently working can help the company to sustain this period and post 
that would a good cycle. The small projects are doing still good. We are launching up 
a new project this week which is a 259 flats project in the holding company Arihant 
Superstructures Limited in 2 acres which should be a 80-IB project also. So no tax 
will be paid on the amount earned through this project and we see that we could be 
able to achieve good numbers and balance out the expenditure and also reduce our 
expenditure maybe in interest, maybe administrative expenses and on that lines as a 
Chairman Managing Director I have foregone the salary or the remuneration for the 
next six months also. 
Chetan Shah: 
Sir, what was the total outgo in terms of for the remuneration that we are drawing? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It was 65 lakh annually and six months would be 32.5 lakh.  
Chetan Shah: 
So that also will add to the bottom line in terms of savings for the company? 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited  
November 15,2019 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It will at least take care of the imbalances between the expenditure and the income. 
Chetan Shah: 
Sir, the government has recently announced with regard to the affordable sector 
where some projects are stuck there would be some purpose has been created where 
government will be funding those, any of our projects would qualify or do any of our 
projects need that kind of funding, would it benefit us from this kind of purpose that 
has been created by the government? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Unfortunately we would not be benefitted because none of our project are into that 
category which are stuck or which are not moving and it requires these special 
funding. Fortunately or good thing about this as a management that we have been 
able to avoid that situation.  
Chetan Shah: 
Sir, we were discussing the special purpose fund created by the government for 
distressed project? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
So we do not fall into that category A that is due to the good management experience 
since the last two decades and we have sailed through such set of instances three 
times earlier and I think in the next two years also we would be comfortably sailing 
through all this turmoil and we will come out with great numbers, great performances 
ahead also.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Bansal from Ajinkya MPL. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Bansal: 
Couple of questions one is out of this total loans of roughly 400 crores how much is 
the contribution from promoters? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Total contribution from promoter would be around 169. 
Mohit Bansal: 
And the rest would be from bank or NBFC? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Majorly from the banks because HDFC who is with us from the last 8 cycles more 
than 8 cycles that is 10 year and above and ICICI so we have fairly good lenders who 
have been supportive and who has been very comfortable with us. The major of them 
are HDFC and ICICI. 
Mohit Bansal: 
And how do you see their response in the current environment in terms of you know 
further lending to projects? 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited  
November 15,2019 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
Ashok Chhajer: 
They are interested in new projects also, but as a policy out of the 15 projects we 
have 6 projects only which has availed financers and the rest are non-finance and 
self-sustainable projects though they may be going into the little slower space due to 
reduction in sales proceeds or sales numbers, but it is good that they are debt free and 
we will still maintain this ratio of not availing loan on each and every project which 
we have and the lenders were today also very much supportive meaning they want to 
lend for new projects also.  
Mohit Bansal: 
And can you please comment on throw some color on the sales velocity sir over the 
last two, three quarters? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The last quarter we could do up 177 flats sales and prior to it also were something 
around the same numbers 170 something and this quarter I think as it is a season time 
and say October, November, December and then second quarter say 6 months we 
should be able to do far more than or higher than the numbers of the last two 
quarters. 
Mohit Bansal: 
And any particular strategy that you are deploying for increasing the sales that you 
would like to comment? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Strategy wise it is like we are reaching out to the maximum field spread across and 
maximum number across all the mediums maybe digital may be print etcetera. 
Channel partners are working with us and depending upon the projects in and around 
and the inclination from the client sides that is where the sales may dip for some of 
the projects which are of a higher ticket size, but the smaller ticket size flats are still 
are selling good. 
Mohit Bansal: 
Now basically you are talking of flats which are sub 35 lakh? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Strategy wise we are working hard and seeing that all the people in the sales teams as 
well as our brokers are on their toes and up to the mark they are servicing the best to 
the clients and the performance from the company side in terms of giving possession 
of around two projects in the last two quarters and some more in the next quarters 
attracts and give them lot of confidence to the buyers who are enrolling up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Chetan Shah from ARG Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited  
November 15,2019 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
Chetan Shah: 
Sir, can you just clarify on this strategy on the one hand there are some projects 
which are doing slow sales and at the same time we are launching new projects, so 
what is the thought process behind this and what exactly is going of the shelf very 
fast whether it is new projects that it is in a prelaunch or where the projects are under 
completion or ready stock is being bought by the consumers right now preferred by 
the consumers. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Well, some of the big ticket size projects that is 1 crore going great velocity of sales 
and the question that why a new projects should be infused. So with the experience 
we feel that sticking to the just current projects will not help out you need to have 
additional revenues and the business development if we are able to figure out projects 
where the cash outflow and inflow cycle is very short and we are doing a Anaika-IV 
so that is in sequel we did up Anaika-I, Anaika-II, Anaika-III we sold out around 
(+200) flats prior to that one year ago Anaika -2 and then ahead of it was Anaika-1 
good hit sequel and we can see that this time also we would get the same numbers as 
Anaika-3 in the same period. So small projects at a good locations are doing good, 
small projects at distinct far locations have far less velocity and we are taking up 
projects only which are having only extensively high velocity we will be taking up 
new projects also if everything suits good, good land deal or good configuration, but 
the hands would be only on very high speed velocity of sales projects we would be 
taking up more. 
Chetan Shah: 
And with regard to the consumer preference where are people buying more they are 
going for ready position or projects being launched or projects which are under 
completion if you can just give some light on that? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
In low ticket size there is fewer inventories available across the market and hence 
people prefer up in an early stage of that is the ground breaking stage also and that is 
what at Anaika-3 happening before we could start construction we could sell out of 
250 flats of the whole project. Similarly we see here also that some of the projects 
that are big ticket sizes, we would like to have ready position status. So both sells but 
very high ticket size at under construction may not because of high ticket size, but if 
the pricing is not right it cannot have a good response, but if we see L&T also doing 
up Rs. 1.5 crore house at Nerul Navi Mumbai they got great sale of around 500 flats. 
So Navi Mumbai still is not under pressure and the properties are moving well  and it 
has not dipped out from the last one decade rates also. It has not gone into a negative 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited  
November 15,2019 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
side yet the margins have been reduced. Navi Mumbai still has a preference location 
for the buyer. 
Chetan Shah: 
Going ahead do we further see margin pressure over the next six months or we see 
bottoming? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Next two years the margins would be very less but momentum has to be kept same 
and for higher margins it would be I see around one and half, two years and later 
only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I would now like 
to hand the floor over to Mr. Umesh Jhawar. Over to you, sir. 
Umesh Jhawar: 
Thank you everybody for joining us on the concall and we will look forward to again 
expect you to only as a Q3 FY20 Concall. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen on behalf of Arihant Superstructures Limited that 
concludes. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
