November
29, 2019
The
National
Stock
Exchange
of India
Limited
"Exchange Plaza",
Bandra
- Kurla
Complex,
Bandra
(East)
MUMBAI
-
400
051
NSE
Symbol:
APOLLOPIPE
SCRIP
Code:
531761
Department of Corporate
Services/Listing
BSE
Limited
Phiroze
Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal
Street, Fort,
MUMBAI
-
400 001
Sudesh Group
Sub:
Intimation
under
Regulation
30
of
Securities
and
Exchange
Board
of
India
(Listing Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations,
2015
-
Earnings
Call
Transcript
Dear
Sir/Mam,
With
reference
to
our
letter
dated
November
13, 2019
and
pursuant
to
the
SEBI
(Listing
Obligations and
Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find
enclosed
herewith
Earnings Call Transcript of Earnings Conference
Call held
on
November
14, 2019.
You
are
requested to kindly take
the
same
on
your
records.
Thanking you
Encl.:
A/a
APOLLO
PIPES
LIMITED
(Formerly Known
as "Amulya Leasing And
Finance
Limited")
Regd. Office:
37, Hargobind Enclave, Vikas Marg, Delhi-110092,
India.
Tel: +91-11-43334000,
+91-11-22373437
I Fax:
+91-11-22373537
I Email: info@apollopipes.com
Website:
www.apollopipes.comf CIN:
L65999DL
l 985PLC022723

 
 
Page | 1 
 
 
 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY20 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 14, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Apollo Pipes Limited 
earning conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR 
India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Apollo 
Pipes Q2 and H1 FY2020 earnings conference call. We have with us,  
Mr. Sameer Gupta – Managing Director and Mr. Ajay Jain – CFO of the 
company. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the 
management, following which we will have the forum open for a question 
and answer session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today’s call may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. I 
would now like to invite Mr. Sameer Gupta to make his opening remarks. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hello everyone. On behalf of the entire management team of Apollo Pipes, I 
would now like to extend a warm welcome to all of you for our Q2 & H1 
FY20 Earnings Conference Call. I will now share the operating highlights with 
you.  
During the quarter, we had delivered a steady operational and financial 
performance despite facing external challenges such as muted demand 
sentiments in the domestic market and impact of heavy monsoons and 
flooding in key geographies. We have reported a sales volume growth of 
11% in Q2. This was driven by a healthy contribution from the CPVC, HDPE 
pipe and value-added product segments of ‘Fittings’. Steady volume growth 
was resulted in a healthy revenue growth of 14% Y-on-Y at Rs. 96.5 crore. 
Profitability during the quarter remained healthy with operating profits and 
PAT growing Y-o-Y by 18% and 29% respectively. 
From an operational standpoint, our existing manufacturing facility at Dadri 
and Ahmedabad continue to mark a stable operating progress. The 
utilization levels at these plants are steadily increasing and we remain 

 
Page | 2 
confident of further improving it to the optimal levels in the quarters ahead. 
The integration of the recently acquired plant at Bengaluru is also 
progressing well. We are focusing on strengthening the dealer & distribution 
system and building on our brand presence in the existing and newer 
geographies. This will enable us to capture a higher market share and 
solidify our business operations in the markets. 
Our previously-announced capacity expansions are also on-track. The 
brownfield expansion at Dadri facility is as per schedule as the Company 
expects faster ramp-up in existing capacity, given the stronger demand 
scenario in the North India markets. In addition, the Company is also 
establishing a manufacturing line for its high-margin ‘Fittings’ product at the 
recently acquired facility in Bengaluru. With better capacity utilization levels 
and expanded capacities going on stream, it should enable us to deliver a 
healthy sales momentum, going forward. In Ahmedabad, the ramp-up in 
volumes have been below internal expectations as we are operating in a 
relatively new geography in a tough environment. So we are working 
towards driving volumes from this facility in the second half leading to higher 
utilization of the facility. Following which, we will aggressively take up the 
expansion plan in this location.  
We are also pleased to share that our brand new range of products that we 
launched last quarter such as the premium plastic faucets, taps, showers, and 
other accessories, are receiving a very positive response from the market. 
Going ahead, we remain keen on growing its share in our product basket. 
On the macro-front, the Government is undertaking various pro-growth 
measures in the irrigation, sanitation and housing segments. This, along with 
the recently announced ‘Nal Se Jal’ government scheme should lead to better 
demand and consumption of PVC pipes in the domestic market. To further 
build on this opportunity, we have already registered with the state boards 
of Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh and are also 
registering with other key state boards such as Punjab, Uttaranchal, 
Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh. 
So, on the whole, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the 
enormous growth potential across the Indian market. Further, our focused 
approach towards increasing market share, improving capacity utilization at 
existing plants and our innovative product portfolio should also help us to 
deliver and maintain a strong a sales volume growth of 25-30% CAGR over 
the next 3 years. 
Before I conclude, I would like to share that Apollo Pipes’ shares have begun 
trading on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) effective at the open of 
markets on November 11, 2019. The trading of Apollo’s shares on the NSE 
will play a key role in increasing the stock visibility among investors, enabling 
an improvement in the investor base.  
On that note, I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Jain to run you through key 
financial highlights of the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2019. 

 
Page | 3 
Ajay Jain: 
Good afternoon everyone. I will briefly cover the financial performance 
during the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2019 
In H1FY20, our total net revenues grew by 15%, stood at Rs. 214 crore vs 
Rs, 185 Crore in H1FY19. The net revenues for the quarter came at  
Rs. 97 crore as against Rs. 84 crore in Q2FY19, higher by 14%. Our volumes 
for the quarter stood at 10,306 MTPA as against 9,271 MTPA in the 
corresponding period last year, delivering a growth of 11%. Volumes for the 
half year ended September 30 stood at 24,258 MTPA, up by 16% as 
compared to 20,910 MTPA in H1FY19. The volume growth was driven by a 
healthy contribution from the cPVC, HDPE pipe and value-added product 
segment of ‘Fittings’. 
Moving on to the profitability front, our EBITDA for the quarter increased by 
18% YoY to Rs. 12 crore as against Rs. 10 crore in Q2FY19. Margins for the 
quarter were higher by 56 Bps and stood at 12%. EBITDA for H1FY20 stood 
at Rs. 30 crore as against Rs. 26 crore in the corresponding period last year, 
growing by 15%. Improving contribution from the high-margin ‘Fittings’ 
segment resulted in a better margin performance during the period. 
Depreciation costs during the quarter were up by 25% in Q2 FY20 to  
Rs. 3 crore. For H1 FY20, it stood at Rs. 6 crore as against Rs. 5 crore in the 
same period last year, higher by 20%. Higher depreciation was on account 
of commissioning of new capacities. PAT for the quarter grew by 29%, stood 
at Rs. 6 crore compared to Rs. 5 crore in Q2FY19. PAT for the half year 
ended 30th September, 2019 stood at Rs.16 crore as against Rs. 13 crore in 
the corresponding period last year, higher by 17%. 
With this, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. We take the first question from the line of  
Saurabh Poddar from Lucky Investment. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Poddar: 
I had a few questions for you. First of all, do we have any excess inventory 
or debtors in the dealer channel? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No sir, it is very much in line, we don’t have any excess inventory, or you can 
say debtors. We are pretty much as per the business that is going on. A little 
bit of increase is there because of you can say low season demand, 
otherwise pretty much in line. 
Saurabh Poddar: 
Can you quantify the increase, is it a significant increase? 
Sameer Gupta: 
In debtor days, there is not so much, around, you can say 20% or 25% 
increase is there in the debtor days. Other than that, you can say that the 
inventory is on the lower side as compared to the previous quarter. 

 
Page | 4 
Saurabh Poddar: 
My next question would be, what would be our breakup of the B2B, B2C like 
contract business? I think if I clearly remember 10% of our business was 
contract business but if you could just clarify? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Again, it is on the same line, we are not pretty much focused on the contract 
business. We are mainly working with the dealer network and the trade 
network only. 
Saurabh Poddar: 
Last question from my side would be, are we planning to tie up with various 
state bodies in terms of doing government contracts going forward and if so, 
what would be the working capital cycle there? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, let me tell you, we are tying up with the state body government for 
supplies, but we will not be supplying directly to them. Our brand is 
registered with them and our distributors or dealers, they will be supplying to 
these channels. So, in any case company will not be directly supplying to any 
of the state bodies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ankit Merchant from 
SMC Global. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Merchant: 
My first question is related to the utilization levels across the plants, can you 
throw some light on it? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Across the plant, if you talk about utilization levels, Dadri is pretty much in 
line with utilization level. It is above around 75 to 80% for H1FY20. If you 
talk about Ahmedabad, because being a newer market and newer 
geography, it is somewhere around to 40 to 50% of the utilization level. 
Ankit Merchant: 
And for the whole year, the Ahmedabad facility will be operating at 40% to 
50%? 
Sameer Gupta: 
We are targeting to take this facility to around 60% by year end, which we 
are targeting. By March 2020, we should reach this utilization. 
Ankit Merchant: 
And the Bengaluru facility will start by when? 
Sameer Gupta: 
For the Bengaluru facility, we are already in progress, our team has already 
lined up there and we are ramping up all the necessary initial arrangements 
at this facility. So by this month only we will be starting the production at 
Bengaluru facility. 
Ankit Merchant: 
My another question is related to the raw material pricing, I believe in the 
last quarter the realizations had gone down, so are you seeing any uptrend 
in the raw material and vis-à-vis what is the price realization which we have 
been able to get? 
Sameer Gupta: 
The price trend if you talk about the major raw materials for the current and 
the next quarter, it is pretty much under pressure right now but we see that 
from the next quarter it should start increasing but in the current quarter we 
don’t see any major, you can say, increase in the prices of the raw materials 

 
Page | 5 
in current or the next month. From January, I think that it should increase and 
accordingly, the prices of our finished goods will move if it increases, but if 
you talk about trend, it is, you can say right now, at the stable end. It is not 
decreasing and there is not too much scope for increasing. 
Ankit Merchant: 
When it comes to our dealer management, are we seeing any sort of delay 
in payments or the contracts getting delayed or related to any issues in the 
payments? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, slightly you can see this is as per the business scenario. Some of the 
dealers get stuck sometimes, somewhere but it is general business dealings. 
There is nothing alarming that we should be concerned about. It is as per the 
general business practice only and all our dealers that we are dealing with, 
they are pretty old and they are right now in track with the payment terms, 
not very alarming. Seasonal effect is only there. 
Ankit Merchant: 
And just one last question from my side. So for the states which you are 
operating in, how is the scenario when it comes to the irrigation projects or 
the projects which have been undertaken and which particular projects are 
we keenly looking forward? 
Sameer Gupta: 
If we talk about the projects, you are talking about the government projects? 
Ankit Merchant: 
Yes. 
Sameer Gupta: 
For the government projects, earlier also I told that we are not very much 
keen to supply to the government projects. We are only supplying to these 
projects who have a distributor dealer network. So, because of that, 
considering the volumes are not very high with these government projects 
unless and until we participate directly in these projects. So, we are not 
relying on these projects for our volume growth. We are much more focused 
on the trade, you can say, general market where we will be establishing our 
brand to get the market share from this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Praveen Sahay from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
As you already reported that 11% of the growths in the volumes, can you 
give some more colour on that because if I look at your PVC business, it is 
flat, so we had not observed any volume growth in that? 
Sameer Gupta: 
So, if you talk about the volume growth of 11% it is mainly derived from our 
value added products such as CPVC and Fittings which we are mainly 
focused on and as our brand is getting more popular day by day. We are 
getting good response for these products from the market. Apart from that, 
we are getting good response for our HDPE pipes also. So put together, we 
are getting the volume growth mainly from these products. PVC, because of 
the low season during the last quarter and good monsoon was there, because 
of that the demand was very low in this quarter, so we could not register a 
good growth in that agri pipes. In the coming time we also see that there 

 
Page | 6 
should be a growth in this product also. So, put together, there should be 
healthy growth for all in the company. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Sir, there is a sales number that is flat, and we can see there is some 
improvement in the PVC prices, so have you observed a de-growth in the 
uPVC pipes? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, there is no de-growth in the PVC pipe sales. The prices are pretty much 
you can say stable and it was dropped only during the last month of the 
quarter, so the price impact was not too much on that and the prices if you 
see during the whole quarter, it was pretty much stable. The volume has not 
de-grown, it is growing, but very marginal growth is there, around 3 to 4% 
pipe growth is there, but overall if you see that, put together other products, 
cPVC and these Fittings, we have registered the growth. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And secondly on the cPVC as you are focused on and growing in that and 
there is an anti-dumping duty imposed on the Korea and the China, cPVC 
procurement, is that impacting you whether you have a procurement from or 
you are taking from the Korea and Chinese player? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Regarding the cPVC supplies, we are taking the supplies from Kem One PVC 
plants from France and there is no antidumping on these plants, so we are 
pretty much in line with for our supplies and there is no impact on our cost. 
They have increased the cost of material because of the antidumping, but it 
is as per the industry standard, the entire industry is going for this increase. 
So we have not been affected by such antidumping on our products. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And any capacity number can you give in the PVC? How much is yours? 
Sameer Gupta: 
cPVC? 
Praveen Sahay: 
Yes, how much is yours? 
Sameer Gupta: 
cPVC, right now we have the capacity of making some around 380MTPA 
which is increasing slowly and right now it is at 380 MTPA. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And Bengaluru, have a facility to offer cPVC pipe or a uPVC pipe? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, the facility for cPVC pipe is there in Bengaluru. With the addition of this, 
additional you can say around 1.2 KT will be added at the Bengaluru 
capacity for this, which is actually included in the capacity that we are 
disclosing. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Also in a press release, you mentioned about you are increasing your fitting 
capacity in the Bengaluru, so how much is current fitting capacity and how 
much you are adding? 
Sameer Gupta: 
If you talk about the Bengaluru unit, there is no facility for Fittings right now. 
So, we have ordered new machines for Fittings production at Bengaluru unit 
and we have ordered also the Moulds for making those Fittings. Apart from 

 
Page | 7 
that, we are also increasing the capacity of Fittings at our existing set up at 
Dadri also. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And currently, can you give the SKUs number? 
Sameer Gupta: 
SKUs, talking about Fittings, it is roughly around 800 SKUs and if you talk 
about metric tonnes, it is somewhere around 6000 MTPA capacity is there 
with us, right now for Fittings. 
Praveen Sahay: 
In the presentation, you had mentioned about the Q2 FY20, 57 distributors 
increased. So in which geography those have increased and in which 
segment? Agri or plumbing, which segment? 
Sameer Gupta: 
As we are entering into the new markets for South and the Western India, we 
are mainly working for increase in distributors in these areas only. We are 
increasing distributors for both the products, for agricultural products as well 
as for the building products. Apart from that, because of the products are 
getting enhanced, we are also able to reach to the Eastern markets. We are 
also increasing our distributor network in those areas also. So, put together, 
the distribution has increased, and it is for both products for agriculture as 
well as building products. Our main focus is on building products only for the 
near future. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And as you have talked about the East geography penetration, how are you 
serving the East geography, from which part? 
Sameer Gupta: 
We are serving the East geography from Dadri plant only and we had 
started it last year when we were having a plan of putting in Raipur, but 
right now it is deferred, but the dealer expansion and the distributor 
appointments are already going on in these areas and we are working for 
building products from the Dadri plant only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ankit Gor from 
Systematix Shares. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gor: 
Sir, my question is with regards to distribution. We have seen good amount 
of addition in distribution, is it mainly because of reach hence going out in 
Western and Southern market and we are able to get benefit of it and if 
yes, will this number aggravate further? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Actually Ankitji, what exactly is happening that we are hunting the new 
markets and we are appointing new distributors in all the areas wherever 
we go. Sometimes what happens that we are not sure that which distributor 
will exactly work for us and what exactly performance we will get from 
them. So we are keen on appointing the distributors first and as time goes 
by, we analyse that how effectively the distributor is performing with our 
product and whether we are comfortable to work with them or not. It may 
happen in the near future that we might be shifting from one distributor to 
another distributor in the same area, so that better performance and better 
results can be achieved in those areas. So, these numbers will remain in this 
line only and we are basically working for our product distribution at a 

 
Page | 8 
larger scale. So, initially, we are much more focused on that line only, 
because of that thing, we are appointing distributors in all those areas where 
we are going in the newer markets only, so it may happen that the 
distributor may be you can say decreased or further you can say changed to 
some number, but it will be in same line only. 
Ankit Gor: 
My question was more pertaining to the Jain irrigation and Kisan, where they 
are not going so strong in Maharashtra, in Western region and lot of 
distributors are shifting to other brands. So my question was pertaining to 
that, are we just capturing that market as well or not? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, we are trying to capture those markets, but as you know we are new for 
PVC goods in those markets. We are trying to capture those markets where 
these companies were supplying and in some areas we are also getting 
benefit from approaching them, but not in all areas because as per the new 
brands, they are also very much reluctant regarding believing on the 
capacity is that what exactly capacities we had over there and whether we 
will be able to justify to replace that brand of Jain or Kisan. So, we are 
working on that line and we are getting good response from there because 
of the absence of some good brands on the market, but you can see that it is 
going as it is, not at very speedy pace, slowly we are getting the response 
from the market and they are also giving a good response regarding this 
thing. 
Ankit Gor: 
And what are the top three criteria for us to select any distributor? 
Sameer Gupta: 
First of all, the financial capacity should be there. The stocking and the 
holding power of that space and distribution network should be there, and 
you can say that the person whom we are dealing with, he should be of 
good nature that we should be comfortable in dealing with them rather 
dealing with any cunning person; we rather try to deal with the good nature 
person. 
Ankit Gor: 
My next question is with regards to this Fitting thing, the share of Fitting is 
comparatively higher versus cPVC pipe, so this Fitting which is 17% share, 
does it include plastic taps and plastic shower which recently launched or 
how it is or just it is related to just cPVC, ULV? 
Sameer Gupta: 
It includes plastic faucets also. Right now, the volume for plastic faucets is 
pretty low and very negligible. So, it is actually not impacting that sale of 
Fittings too much, so if you see the Fittings numbers, it is pretty much Fittings 
only. The plastic taps numbers is pretty low right now and we are working 
hard for the brand and the market distribution. So, if you see the Fittings 
number, you can imagine that these numbers are mainly from the Fitting 
segment only. 
Ankit Gor: 
My question was cPVC pipe revenue contribution is Fitting contribution, so the 
Fitting contribution to the revenue is higher which is 17% compared to cPVC 
pipe revenue which is just 6%. So, just trying to understand the breakup of 
Fitting revenue between PVC and CPVC Fittings, if you have them handy? 

 
Page | 9 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, right now those reports are not handy with me. If we talk about the 
fitting revenue, the cPVC actually is growing in line with pipes. Whatever the 
pipe sales are there and according to that, Fittings are only sold. So, that 
growth would be line with that only, now the figures are not very handy with 
me right now, but I will share those details with you later on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Gada from 
Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, my first question is regarding how is the current demand scenario in Agri 
pipe segment because if I look at our first half numbers, even in terms of 
overall revenue growth, it has not been that encouraging. Just wanted to 
understand because are we able to capture market share especially from 
the unorganized players and how is the overall outlook there? 
Sameer Gupta: 
If you talk about the Agri pipe demand, these were affected because of the 
heavy rains in the last quarter. So, many of the areas we could not supply 
too much quantity because of flooding in those areas. But overall the 
demand, we are pretty much in line with supplying in the market for those 
areas where we are operating. But because of the other constraints, we have 
been facing challenges for this. It is not like we have been beaten by our 
competitors in the demand for those areas. So, wherever we are actually 
working, if the demand is low, we cannot hold too much in those areas 
because of agriculture product and we are totally dependent on the 
weather. So, because of that only, we have not registered a good growth in 
PVC pipes in the agriculture sector, but we are again working very hard so 
that we can cover up this thing with good numbers for PVC pipes also in the 
coming quarters. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So, my general understanding is that we have seen some amount of shift in 
the organized space at least in the plumbing pipe segment, but that has not 
been the case in Agri pipes. So, are we still seeing that the unorganized 
player continue to remain very strong in the market? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. If you talk about Agri pipes where market is dominated by the 
unorganized players mainly because we had to deal with the farmers 
directly with them and they are not very educated. They are not that 
confident with us, but we are looking how to make them understand 
regarding the quality, regarding the brand presence and regarding other 
things so that the quality and the brand is at par as compared to our 
competitors. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Secondly on the capacity expansion front, so I understand that you said that 
we are not being able to ramp up our Ahmedabad facility the way we 
wanted. According to my understanding we were trying to expand capacity 
by another 5000 MT in Ahmedabad, so is this plan still on or are we 
deferring it? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No sir, the plan is still on, but we do not want to just add our capacity without 
any utilization. Our first motto is to utilize the capacity and if it is utilized, 
then only we will add the capacity. We will just not put up the facility without 

 
Page | 10 
any demand over there. So, we are working very hard regarding the 
demand in those areas and we are pretty sure that by March, we will be 
adding up the capacity in those areas. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And that will be the case in Dadri as well, because we were expanding 
capacity over there from 53,000 to 60,000, if my understanding is correct? 
Sameer Gupta: 
In the pipe we will be adding the capacity in Dadri also because we are 
also working in these areas also and response is really positive in Dadri 
plant and in the North area also. So, by year end, you will see the capacity 
addition in Dadri plant also. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir just last question. In terms of cPVC, I understand we have done very good 
growth and there has been an improvement in realization as well. Would it 
be possible to give a number of how much volume growth did we do in Q2 
as well as in first half? 
Sameer Gupta: 
The breakup is for the cPVC that means product wise the breakup is not with 
me for the volume. I can get this numbers later on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Govind Saboo from 
India Nivesh. Please go ahead. 
Govind Saboo: 
Just couple of questions. One was that we have given a guidance of 25-30% 
growth for the full year whereas in the first half, if we see the growth has just 
been around 15%-16%. So, to catch up in H2, we would require a very high 
growth number, maybe 35%-40% kind of number. So, are we still 
maintaining that guidance? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Actually, we have given this number with the view that we will be acquiring 
this Bengaluru unit by September or October, but it was delayed by one or 
two months. So, because of that, it was a bit delayed, but we are pretty 
much on target to give a growth of 25%-30%. We have got our total 
strategy and roadmap for achieving those targets with us. You can say that 
start of our Bengaluru unit by the end of this month; we will be pretty much in 
line because the regular growth will be coming from the existing facilities. 
Apart from that, the Bengaluru unit will be giving us additional support in the 
capacity of around 3%-4%. So, put together, we will be achieving the 
capacity of total around 25-30% from the total volume. 
Govind Saboo: 
So, we expect Q4 growth to be back-ended and Q4 to be a high growth 
quarter for us because Bengaluru will be full and fledged working for us? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Of course, we are working in that line. 
Govind Saboo: 
My second question is regarding our cash deployment. So, we already have 
a large amount of cash in hand for us around Rs. 125 crore plus there is 
additional one year of warrant conversion which is supposed to come. So, we 
would be having a cash of around Rs. 200 crore with us and plus, we are 
generating cash flow from our regular operations. So, how should we look at 
this cash deployment over next 18 months or so? 

 
Page | 11 
Sameer Gupta: 
Right now, we are looking for the expanding the areas where all the 
facilities that we have and apart from that we are also looking for the 
acquisitions that is available in the market. So, by keeping this cash, we are 
pretty much in line of acquiring any distressed asset that is available in the 
market at a good price. So we can actually encash on that opportunity that 
will be available. So, because of that, we are reserving this cash with us. 
Apart from that, whatever expansion that we are doing that the interest cost 
is not too high as compared to the reserves that we are maintaining at our 
end. So, that impact is not on us and to encash any opportunity because right 
now we don’t see new cash requirements in the general business. So, we are 
nearly targeting on acquisitions of any new projects where we can use this 
cash. We are only reserving this cash for that. 
Govind Saboo: 
I suppose that consideration for Bengaluru acquisition was done in H1, so that 
is the CAPEX which we see in our cash flow for the H1 around  
Rs. 23 crore kind of? 
Sameer Gupta: 
That CAPEX is not still there in the last quarter. The payment for the 
Bengaluru acquisition has actually been in this quarter, in the current quarter, 
this will be seen in the next result. So, with that all those investments that are 
made on the other facilities like Dadri or our head office that is there in the 
books right now. 
Govind Saboo: 
So, Bengaluru acquisition is still to come, cash outflow plus expansion at 
Ahmedabad and Dadri are still to come in the H2? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. 
Govind Saboo: 
And what would be the total CAPEX outflow for those, Bengaluru is  
Rs. 30 crore and expansion at Dadri and Ahmedabad approximately? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Probably around Rs. 15 crore. 
Govind Saboo: 
Okay. So, Rs. 30 plus Rs. 15 crore of CAPEX in H2. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. 
Govind Saboo: 
And sir lastly on the strategy front, and it is a basic question, but I am new to 
the company, so I would like to ask that. So, on a strategy front, are we 
competing with branded players like Astral and Finolex and Prince and likes 
of those or are we trying to compete with the unorganized players -  the 
small timers in the market. So, how are we positioning ourselves in the 
markets where we operate? 
Sameer Gupta: 
When we talk about Astral, or Finolex, they are pretty much bigger in size 
from our company. But we are working to compete our products with them 
only. But right now, we are not directly competing with them. We are trying 
to take the shares of unorganized players and increase our capacities and 
position our products in the line of these big players. So, we are trying to 
build up our brand as you are seeing that, the ad for Apollo steel pipes is 
going on air, or you can say, during the last 10 days it is going on and we 

 
Page | 12 
are getting good response because of this advertisement on TV. So, because 
of all the ATL activities going on, we are getting a good response from the 
market, for our brands and we have tried to get position in the coming days, 
we tried to position our brands in competition to these bigger brands, but 
initially we are not targeting them. 
Govind Saboo: 
Because around 40% of the market share I would say is with four people, 
Astral, Finolex, Supreme and Prince - these big 4 guys. And rest 60%, there 
are lot of small capacities which are available. One of them, we might be 
leading amongst those small capacity players, but like behind the larger 
ones. So, I just wanted to understand on the strategy front, what we have in 
our mind. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Actually, we don’t want to compromise with the margins, you can say too 
much on increasing the sales. So, we are trying to maintain some margin as 
well as increase our sales. So, keeping the both things whether it is a bit 
tough challenge for us, but we are working in that line, so that we can grow 
in a healthy way and wherever we are growing, we can sustain ourselves for 
a longer period. 
Govind Saboo: 
Alright. Sir last question is more kind of a, so in what we have observed is 
that, we have very well maintained our working capital position. Maybe 
because we were in our strong region of North India and larger sales were 
coming in from Dadri. But as we are moving towards Western and Southern 
geographies and also in Eastern geographies, what kind of working capital 
should we expect going forward? 
Sameer Gupta: 
In the initial time, you can say that we may face some challenge with the 
working capital cycle in these new areas because we have to convert the 
dealer’s orders or the distribution network to our brand. So, we may 
temporarily face some challenges regarding the working capital cycle, but 
over the period we will again bring all those new players back to our 
company policy only, which is around 30-40 days of credit which we are 
working with all the distributors, all across India. 
Govind Saboo: 
So, let us say, near term, next 6 months or 18 months, how much stretch in 
debtors we should assume? 
Sameer Gupta: 
It should be maintained in this line only where we are right now standing 
because we are already approaching newer areas and we have increased 
our debtor days by around 20%, but we are trying to maintain this trend 
only. We will not be increasing too much on the debtor days. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Forum Makim from Equentis 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Forum Makim: 
I just had a couple of questions. So, sir, we can see an improved contribution 
from the high margin products like cPVC and Fittings on a QQ basis. But we 
don’t see the same kind of improvement in our EBITDA margins excluding 
other income on a QoQ basis. So, could you just explain the reason for the 
same? 

 
Page | 13 
Sameer Gupta: 
Actually, ma’am what exactly is happening is that, we are new entrants in 
this building products line. We are not very old in this building products. So, 
we are trying to achieve a level in terms of market and newer distribution 
and dealer networks. For that, we have to pass on the margins to get some 
product and market so that customer attracted to our products. Because of 
that thing, we are not straight way seeing increase in the EBITDA margin and 
impact of margins of these efforts immediately on the EBITDA. But in the 
coming days these products will definitely be on the picture. 
Forum Makim: 
Okay sir. And what would be your margin guidance for H2 FY20? 
Sameer Gupta: 
We are trying to maintain the same margin lines that we are what we have 
achieved earlier. 
Forum Makim: 
12% to 13%. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, 11% to 13%. 
Forum Makim: 
Okay sir. And what is the peak utilization that we can achieve from the 
Bengaluru unit? 
Sameer Gupta: 
In this quarter or you are talking about the whole year? 
Forum Makim: 
For the full year? 
Sameer Gupta: 
For the full year, if we talk about, around 5 months only left after this month, 
so we expect that from 40% to 50% of the capacity utilization we can 
achieve. 
Forum Makim: 
And for FY21? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Again, the same like 50% around. 
Forum Makim: 
Okay sir. And sir what would be our target debt to equity ratio by the end 
of the year? 
Ajay Jain: 
Actually, if you check out, we already have ample cash with us and which is 
lying in the shape of FDR, so still our debt equity ratio is negative. There is no 
debt per se as such on the company. We have not enhanced any working 
capital limits on the bankers, and we have restricted our term loan facilities 
also. 
Forum Makim: 
And just one last question what is your target for the Fitting’s revenue for 
FY20 and 21? 
Sameer Gupta: 
We are targeting Fitting growth at least by 30%-35% in the coming years. 
Forum Makim: 
3o to? 
Sameer Gupta: 
35% minimum growth should be there in Fittings. 

 
Page | 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Govind Sabu from India Nivesh. 
Please go ahead. 
Govind Saboo: 
I just wanted to check on our employee cost. So, since we are ramping up our 
field force to approach newer markets. So, is that the reason for the increase 
in employee cost or is there anything? 
Sameer Gupta: 
It is mainly because of that, because we are creating the system and we are 
increasing the sales force for sales only that is the main reason for an 
increase in employee cost. Apart from that, we are also increasing the 
capacities for both the locations. For that reason also, that you can say that 
impact is there. But percentage to employee cost is pretty much in line with 
our targets only. 
Govind Saboo: 
So, the drop in the current quarter margin was because of the front ending 
of that cost? 
Sameer Gupta: 
No, it has not impacted that much because we are also increasing the 
production line for Fittings where the manpower cost is pretty high as 
compared to normal pipes. So, because of that reason, it is there. 
Govind Saboo: 
So, Fittings require much more manpower? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. 
Govind Saboo: 
And can you just give me a number of employees which we have in our 
company and what would be the field force percentage out of it? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Roughly, we have got around 400 to 500 employees right now working with 
our company. Around 10%-15% is for the field force, 15% you can say. 
Govind Saboo: 
And in production? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Production you can say, roughly around 60% of the total strength. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like 
to hand the floor back to the management for closing comments. 
Ajay Jain: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. If you need any further clarification or would like to know more 
about the company, please feel free to contact our team of CDR India. Thank 
you once again for taking the time out to join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Apollo Pipes Limited, we conclude 
today’s conference. Thank you for joining. You may disconnect your lines now. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy.  
