Himatsingka Seide Li,mited 
10/24, Kumara Krupa Road, High Grounds, Bangalore - 560 001, India. 
BSE Ltd 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Script Code : 514043 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: 
Transcript of conference call. 
November 28, 2019 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block,Bandra-Kurla Complex,Bandra(E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HIMA TSEIDE 
Please find enclosed a copy of transcript of conference call held on November 8, 2019. 
Please also note that the transcript of conference call will also be available on our website 
www.himatsingka.com 
This is for your information & records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
Phone: +91-80-4257 8000 Fax: +91-80-4147 9384 
Email : hslblr@himatsingka.com Website : www.himatsingka.com CIN : L 17112KA 1985PLC006647 

Q2 FY20 Earnings Conference Call 
November 08, 2019 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 

Page 2 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Pavitra: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. I am Pavitra moderator for the conference 
call. Welcome to Himatsingka Seide 2QFY20 post results conference call 
hosted by B&K securities India Private Limited. As a reminder all participants 
will be in listen only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing start then zero on 
your touchtone telephone. Please note this conference is recorded. I would 
now like to hand over this floor to Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala. Thank you and 
over to you Madam. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you Pavitra. Good evening everyone. On behalf of B and K Securities, 
I would like to welcome you all to 2QFY20 post results conference call of 
Himatsingka Seide Limited, from the company we have the  senior 
management including Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka, Managing Director and 
CEO, Mr. K.P. Rangaraj, President Finance and Group CFO, Mr. Ashok 
Sharma, Senior Vice President & CFO (Strategic Finance) and Mr. Ashutosh 
Halbe, Executive Vice President and CFO (Operations). I would now like to 
hand over the call to Mr. K P Rangaraj. 
Mr. K. P. Rangaraj: 
Thank you, Prerna. Thank you for the introduction. Good evening ladies and 
gentlemen. And very warm welcome into our conference call. On behalf of 
the company, we would like to welcome you  for the 2QFY20 earnings call. 
As usual I’ll start with a short business update followed by a commentary on 
the financial performance for the quarter ended 30th September 2019 and there 
after a short commentary on the financial ratios, post which I will hand it over 
to our Managing Director Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka. So basically, in terms of 
the business update for the quarter, we commenced commercial production at 
the Greenfield Terry Towel Plant, as per schedule on 3rd October 2019.During 
the quarter, revenue stream from brands stood at ₹585 crores v/s ₹567 crores 
during the Q2FY19. On the consolidated financial performance for the 
quarter, consolidated total income was lower by 6.5% during the quarter and 
stood at ₹653 crores versus ₹698 crores in the corresponding quarter of 
previous year. Consolidated EBITDA, for Q2FY20 decreased by 8.8% to 
₹140.61 crores, versus ₹154.13 crores in Q2FY19. Consequently, EBITDA 
margin was 21.5% as compared to 22.1% in Q2FY19. Our consolidated EBIT 
for the quarter was down by 10.4% to ₹114.52 crores versus ₹127.86 crores 
in Q2FY19. The Consolidated profit before tax, before exceptional item, for 
the quarter ended Q2FY20 stood at ₹67.72 crores versus ₹87.20 crores in 
Q2FY19. The exceptional item of ₹6.64 crores represents impairment of 
investment in equity share. The consolidated profit after tax, before 

Page 3 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
exceptional item, for the Q2FY20 stood at ₹40.72 crores versus ₹52.73 crores 
in Q2FY19. The consolidated profit after tax for the quarter ended 30th 
September FY20 stood at ₹34.08 crores versus ₹52.73 crores in Q2FY19.  The 
consolidated cash profit after tax for the quarter ended September FY20 stood 
at ₹66.81 crores versus ₹79 crores in Q2FY19.  
I now move on to the consolidated financial performance for the half year 
ended September FY20. The consolidated total income was marginally lower 
during H1FY20 and stood at ₹1,297 crores versus ₹ 1,300 crores in H1FY19. 
The consolidated EBITDA for H1FY20 decreased by 1.6% to ₹ 283.68 crores 
versus ₹288.43 crores in H1 FY19. The EBITDA margin was 21.9% as 
compared to 22.2% in H1FY19. The consolidated EBIT for H1FY20 declined 
marginally to ₹230.83 crores versus ₹235.87 crores in H1FY19. The 
consolidated profit before tax before exceptional item for H1FY20 stood at 
₹140.0 crores versus ₹158.65 crores in H1FY19. Consolidated profit after tax 
before exceptional items for H1FY20 stood at ₹85.97 crores versus ₹ 97.31 
crores in H1FY19. The consolidated cash profit after tax for H1FY20 stood at 
₹138.82 crores versus ₹149.87 crores in H1FY19.  
I now move on to the debt profile. The consolidated gross debt as of 30th 
September, 2019 stood at ₹2,698 crores compared to ₹2,832 crores at the end 
of Q1FY20. The total term debt stood at ₹1,798 crores and total working 
capital debt stood at ₹900 crores. The cash and cash equivalents and current 
investments stood at ₹214 crores as on 30th September 2019. Consequently, 
the company's net debt outstanding as of 30th September 2019 stood at ₹2,485 
crores compared to ₹2,505 crores as of June 30th 2019.  
Leverage ratios. The net debt, excluding project work-in-progress debt, to 
EBITDA was 3.47 times at the end of Q2FY20 against 3.57 times at the end 
of FY19. Debt Coverage ratio stood at 1.90 times at the end of Q2FY20, as 
against 1.95 times at the end of Q2FY19.The net debt to equity ratio stood at 
1.74 times at the end of Q2FY20 versus 1.7 times at the end of FY19. The net 
debt excluding project work in progress debt to equity ratio stood at 1.4 times 
at the end of Q2FY20 versus 1.46 times at the end of FY19. Capital efficiency 
ratios. On TTM basis the Return on Capital Employed, excluding capital 
employed in projects work in progress, at the end of the quarter 30th September 
2019 stood at 13.1%, which was the same as at the end of FY19. 
The Return on Equity stood at 13.2% at the end of Q2FY20 compared to 
14.9% at the end of FY19. With this I complete my update we will be happy 

Page 4 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
to take on any questions. I hand over the stage to our Managing Director Mr. 
Shrikant Himatsingka. Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. If you have a question please press star and 1 on your 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like 
to withdraw your request you may do so by pressing star and one again. I 
repeat, ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question please press star and one 
on your telephone keypad. First question comes from Nihal Jham from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Thank you so much and good evening to the entire management. I have three 
questions. My first question was that, if I look at the business, we basically 
have two main parts, which is the retail and distribution and second would be 
the B2B supplies to the big box retailers. Now when we look at the industry 
data both in terms of the retail sales and the US, they have been decent and 
when in India export for home textile, have been reasonably good in at least 
the last quarter. So, in this background, any specific reason why our sales 
have, you know, degrown. I would believe the volume growth, the volume 
degrowth will be higher because we would have had a currency benefit also. 
So just wanted your comments and outlook also on this. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Fair question. While there has been approximately 6.5% correction in total 
revenue. You know there's no specific movement as such that we have to share 
with our investors. It's sort of range bound movements that one can see from 
time to time. You know there were a couple of roll outs during the last year 
and this quarter which haven't repeated during the same timeframe in two 
recent promotions and so on. But these are ordinary cost movements. So 
overall revenue streams have remained stable. I don't see any specific 
degrowth as such, I would look at this more as ordinary cost movements that 
at least we at Himatsingka, we do see from time to time between quarters. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure sir. Any sense if the order that you mentioned that are not repeated that 
they could be possibly they've gone to some competitor you just believe did 
not taken place itself this time down. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, we don't believe you know if you look at us sequentially from 644 crores 
we have gone up to 653 crores in Q2 you know, from Q1. So, we don't see 
any issue of revenue migration to competition and so on. Having said that 
there will always be the revenue migration both outward and inward either 

Page 5 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
way, competition that happens you know, all the time but it's nothing 
directional. 
Nihal Jham: 
Absolutely. So just on the margin front I think we did alluded to the fact that 
we've been getting high incentive and there was an issue with the drapery and 
upholstery business in the last quarter. If I see margins in the current quarter, 
is there an impact of the same which is continued? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes, we continue to see headwinds as I have shared with investors from our 
niche product divisions in the retail operations in Italy, Italian retail operations 
and also our legacy Drapery and Upholstery business, shared this earlier and 
the slight shift that we have seen on EBITDAs have also seen a contribution 
coming in from the weakening numbers in the Drapery and Upholstery and 
the Italian businesses. We are in the midst of addressing this issue and as Q3 
and Q4 play out we are evaluating various restructuring initiatives for the 
business, which we would like to roll out. So those initiatives are currently 
under evaluation because as they currently stand these businesses are 
obviously not performing to our satisfaction and are eating into the operating 
performance of our core businesses. So, these restructuring initiatives are 
being currently evaluated and hopefully we will start rolling them out during 
this quarter and the next quarter.  
Nihal Jham: 
Just a sense of it, in the first half what has been the negative EBITDA impact 
from the Italy business and drapery and upholstery? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I can’t share the reasons and the specific numbers and such, Nihal. But you 
know there been significant deterioration YOY with regard to these divisions. 
Obviously these divisions are small. They're cumulative revenue contribution 
is approximately 5 to 5.5 percent of gross consolidated gross revenue or 
consolidated revenue. But their EBITDA contributions’ are negative and has 
substantially detoriated from the same quarter last year. And so the reduction 
in EBITDA has largely come from those impacts. 
Nihal Jham: 
OK. Because I think in Q1 you mentioned a number of 14 to 15 crores was 
the total impact, I was just wondering if that is what it is in this quarter also. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Please repeat your numbers. 
Nihal Jham: 
I was saying that in Q1 there was a mention of 14 to 15 crores kind of an 
impact on EBITDA because of these businesses. I was just wondering if it is 
the same number in this quarter also. 

Page 6 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
14 to 15 you said? 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah it's continued… Yeah, around that region… 
Nihal Jham: 
Okay. Just one last question. If I look at the balance sheet, CWIP was around 
₹810 crores this I assume because the towel unit got commissioned, I think in 
the first week of October entirely relates to that. So at the outset was that the 
cost that you know we were expecting to spend on the towel unit and now that 
entire capex having been completed how much have you spent in total. I 
remember the press release from September 15. We were looking at it 1300 
crores, spent in total on all the three capexes. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So, the capital work-in-progress includes not only the towel plant, it also 
includes other assets. So and as you rightly pointed out the assets of the towel 
plant had been capitalized on October 3rd last month. So, with that, that’ll sort 
of you know move out of capital WIP. Some other ordinary course organic 
capital expenditure programs will always continue, but our main Capex 
largely has come to a close and some small campus capital expenditure 
continues, as I said on an organic basis. But there's nothing material that's 
really left vis-à-vis the overall capital program which we had undertaken over 
the last three years. 
Nihal Jham: 
And what was the amount that we spent on these capex that we've done over 
the last three years?  
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Including organic capital expenditure and some debottlenecking capital 
expenditure, which was not a part of this three year project, approximately 
₹1,800 crores in over the last three years including organic capital expenditure 
programs, including our debottlenecking initiatives and our main capex and 
including some working capital margins and so on. 
Nihal Jham: 
Okay. Sir, what is the Capex number that we're looking at for this year? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka:       What is the capex we will be looking at for what? Sorry? 
Nihal Jham: 
So, for the remaining part of the year. Now that you are done with the Capex, 
so for the remaining part of the year how much more do we expect? 

Page 7 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So now it’s not material, you know it will be in sort of double digits and some 
organic capital expenditure that will continue from time to time. 
Nihal Jham: 
Okay. And any chance of that paying down debt considering that you know 
the cash flows could be used to for that purpose. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I couldn't hear you, Nihal. Can you repeat please? 
Nihal Jham: 
I was just asking in terms of debt repayment; we've done some debt repayment 
in this quarter. For the remaining part of the year and the next year, what is 
the trajectory we are looking at? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, as I shared with investors, we are clear on our deleveraging focus. We 
will start to see deleveraging; some we have already started to see. There could 
be organic movements in debt levels depending on working capital 
requirements and things like that. But overall we will look to deleverage going 
forward. So, we will start some deleveraging in H2 and FY21, that will be a 
strong focus as well. We are also focused on improving our working capital 
cycles. We have consistently been decreasing our inventory over the last three 
quarters. Our inventory, it stood at ₹1,175 crores during the end of March 
FY19 corrected to ₹1,113 crores by June and that's following ₹1,091 crores 
during September. So we will be focused on optimizing our working capital 
cycles. We will be focused on deleveraging vis-a-vis. our existing businesses 
going forward. 
Nihal Jham: 
This will help us, sir. Thank you so much. Good talking with you. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen if you have a question please press star 
and one on your telephone keypad. Ladies and gentlemen if you have a 
question please press star and one on your telephone keypad. Next question 
comes from Mr. Pankaj Kumar from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mr. Pankaj Kumar: 
Hello, Good evening Sir. My question is gross margin has perhaps come 
down, last year. So, is there, some improvement is there in the but overall how 
you see the raw material price scenario is going to benefit us in terms of gross 
margins. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well our gross margins Y-o-Y have improved from 50.6 percent to 51.2 
percent I would say they are range bound because that also changes with the 

Page 8 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
product mix from Q2Q. At this point, you know we are not seeing the benefits 
of lower raw material prices as yet because we have booked raw materials you 
know at least two Qs out if not more in some cases. So you know we should 
hopefully start seeing those benefits more in starting FY 21. I see limited 
upside on raw material benefits during the second half of this year.  
Mr. Pankaj Kumar: 
And sir in terms of demand scenario in that how is…give us some sense how 
it is.  
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I think the demand for us is stable. We are optimistic about our new terry towel 
plant. We are off to a good start with the terry facility, at the same time we are 
seeing some headwinds in our bedding division. With inflation and some 
product mix challenges and things like that we are also focused on reducing 
inventories. So, there are some softening on that account. I think overall we 
look at our portfolio to be stable. We will be focused on enhancing our 
capacity utilization levels across both our bedding and bath divisions during 
H2 and going into FY21. 
Mr. Pankaj Kumar: 
So, since now the towel plant is operational, so in terms of the orders that we 
have what kind of utilization we can see in next one or two years on that towel 
facility?  
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I think we should be running at full utilization over the next two years. 
Mr. Pankaj Kumar: 
Full utilization? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
That's right. 
Mr. Pankaj Kumar: 
And how much we see internally from our own plant? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Mr. Pankaj Kumar: 
How much utilization capacity would be that we are seeing utilized for our 
internal requirement? For our own brands and that licensed... 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Our utilizations in terry as I said will ramp up to full over the next two years. 
We announced last fiscal that we've completed our de-bottlenecking initiatives 
in our sheeting division and enhanced our capacity to 61 million meters per 
year. So, we would like to see you know some utilization enhancement in that 
division as well. Going into a FY21 this will be our central theme for both our 

Page 9 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
divisions. Our spinning division is obviously full because it's a backward 
integration initiative and it's doing well. And so that will be our focus. 
Mr. Pankaj Kumar: 
My question was on the internal requirement on the towel side. So, for our 
own brands and licensed brands how much capacity for the towel plant to that 
you look at utilizing... 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I can’t tell you what's what capacity we will specifically allocate for brands 
but our own requirements for our brand portfolios are also substantial, which 
will be met with capacities. Obviously, that alone will not be enough to fill 
the plant over the next couple of years. So, we will be looking at a) our own 
brands and b) the private label portfolios both in conjunction to be able to fill 
out capacities. 
Mr. Pankaj Kumar: 
Ok. Thank you. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you Sir. Next question comes from Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala from 
B&K securities. Please go ahead Madam. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Hello Sir! I just wanted to understand the traction in the new brand acquired.  
Is the performance better than our existing brand or in line with that. To get 
some understanding on the portfolio. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well the major brand that we acquired the rights to was the Tommy Hilfiger 
brand and that's doing well as we see it. It's part of our national brands 
portfolio and we see the brand doing fairly well and in line with our 
expectations. Some of the other additions that we have made off late in the 
form of Royal Velvet and Waverly brands. These are smaller brands. They've 
been taken to address specific issues in the market. You know they will 
obviously not be anywhere close to the size of national brands. 
So our national brand portfolio with Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein and Kate 
Spade lead our brands portfolio and on cotton Brands portfolio, which is part 
of our ingredient branding portfolio continues to be robust and we continue to 
lead the track and trace sort of capabilities viz-a-viz cotton. And we, the group 
will continue to look for enhancing and continue to look for opportunities to 
enhance our branded revenue streams. Y-o-Y we've seen them inch up as well. 
And I think that traction should continue through the year. 

Page 10 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And sir,  in your previous comment and  I mean the benefit of lower 
cotton prices cannot be seen in the second half and it will be seen only in 
FY21. Can you please explain a little more because the cotton price drop has 
been significant around 12- 10% in the last three months. And this is a 
procurement time as well. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, I mean when we cannot see anything substantial is what I meant because 
we are covered on some of our purchases. So by the time the enter our system, 
go through the system really you know the weighted average in the system 
connects to those levels that the markets are at today. We will be in early at 
FY21. Because you will barely have you know let's say 20 weeks left for the 
rest of the fiscal. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And in terms of working capital we have seen improvement from 
inventory and receivables both the sides. Can we quantify or just give a 
direction, how much improvement is possible in the given  next one year time 
frame. as per the effort you are taking and the strategies you are 
implementing? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
The one-year time frame should continue to see inventory reduction measures 
playing out it because of the ramp up of the Terry plant, we could see some of 
that benefit getting offset. But I think net-net you know at least another 10 to 
15 percent reduction in overall inventory levels is what we will gun for. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Ok, and Sir, my last question will be on capacity utilization of the bed sheet 
plant. What can actually drive the utilization levels over there because we 
were largely targeting the brands business. So if brands continue to grow at 
mid single digit, I mean just assuming US market is growing at that number. 
So what will actually drive the utilization levels for the sheeting business. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Basically more than the directional movement in the US market it will be more 
company specific opportunities in gaining market share. That's what will drive 
it. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Number one. Number two, efforts to diversify our geographical presence by 
having a stronger focus on the European markets and other ROW markets. 
That should also help utilization levels. So, I think these twin objectives 
together will help the utilizations in the in the bedding division. 

Page 11 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Sir, can you update us on status of these two markets you launched 
Himeya brand also last  quarter - Q4 quarter. Any update on that as well as on 
European markets?. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Europe seeing good traction as I shared with investors earlier. We have, we 
have a pretty small presence in Europe at this point. Over the last year we have 
been doing a lot of work to get traction in the European region and we are 
beginning to see that unfold. So I think going into  FY21 maybe approximately 
8 to 10 percent of revenues or maybe 6 to 8 percent of revenues could be 
emanating from that region.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And in the ROW market. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
In ROW market, more specific updates… Himeya as I've said earlier Prerana, 
is another brand in our portfolio. It's a new brand and it's for certain target 
audiences and so on. So it's not like we're going to scale it very aggressively 
but at this point we've just launched it to nothing specific to talk home about 
viz-a-viz developments on that front. But for its positioning and in its target 
audiences and its offerings, it seems to be off to a good start as is the case with 
all the other brands. Which is why you're seeing the revenue streams from 
brands inched up so we're overall happy with the progress we're making in the 
European front. We are happy with the progress we are making on the brands 
front. Our focus will be to enhance utilization levels across bedding and bath 
divisions. And don't forget as I have shared with the gentleman earlier, we will 
be looking to roll out some restructuring initiatives of niche products divisions 
over the next couple of quarters in order to align them right. We make our best 
efforts on that front. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you so much for answering all the question. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, Madam. Next question comes from Mr Resham Jain from the DSP 
mutual fund. Please go ahead Sir. 
Mr. Resham Jain: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First is on these 
European operations which you mentioned plus the drapery business where 
we are in incurring 14, 15 crores per quarter kind of loss. When we actually 
look at the gross margins they're actually seeing some improvement Y-o-Y. 
So most of these losses must have been coming at the expenses level. So if 
you can just help us elaborate on those what kind of expenses are these and 

Page 12 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
how you feel these expenses over the next two quarters can come down. Just 
have to get more clarity on what kind of losses are these. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Points to simple case of you know higher operating expenditure viz-a-viz 
revenues and over the next two quarters if we have to embrace some pain viz-
a-viz re-structuring of these divisions, we will do so up on appropriate 
evaluations. And the nature of such expenses essentially are retail stores that 
we've operated that we operate, personnel that we employ and various other 
promotional and marketing spends that we incur and so on and so forth, both 
fixed and variable in nature. So, from largely fixed and these are the expenses 
that we'll have to look at trimming down very clearly and we have to get a 
model right as well which is why I use the term restructuring. So we have to 
restructure the divisions to get the model right. If we don't do that then 
unfortunately the headwinds from these divisions continue and while they are 
small in size that they're impact both at the EBITDA and Net levels are 
significantly negative. So that will be our theme. 
Mr. Resham Jain: 
Yeah. But do you feel like the next let’s say two quarters you are seeing 
quarter 3 and quarter 4, there'll be more initiatives? So the proportion of these 
loss going to further go up before they settle down or you feel like. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
They could because the restructuring demands, that upon appropriate 
evaluations if we have to align the models right and we have to take some pain 
on that front that might involve that. But there will be more short term. 
Mr. Resham Jain: 
Okay. But from a FY21 onwards you feel things should be sorted out over 
there.  
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, substantially so. 
Mr. Resham Jain: 
Okay. Okay. So that's my question number one. Question number two is on 
the debt side as you mentioned now going forward you don't have any material 
CAPEX left. And if I just read the cash flow you'll be generating closer to 600 
plus crores of cash back and there'll be some additional working capital 
requirement but just based on the rough mathematics do you feel that 400 odd 
crores of debt reduction could happen over the next six quarters? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes. I cannot commit but I cannot dispute your thinking. So it’s directionally 
right. 

Page 13 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Mr. Resham Jain: 
OK. Okay. Fine. And sir, on the growth outlook for the second half if you can 
have some comment on that. That would be helpful. Based on the order book 
you have. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
FY20 has been so far a year of several initiatives and consolidation measures 
we have taken. We have stabilized our spinning operations over the last 10, 
12 months. We have completed our terry towel plant on schedule and 
commissioned the same after a lot of work on that front. It’s a world class 
plant and I would invite investors to come and see if we can organize a visit 
for investors maybe. And we've also integrated well over the last twelve 
months - 14 months our Tommy Hilfiger brand and a couple of other brands 
that we signed up.  In addition to this we've been working out recipes as to 
how best to address some of the challenges that they're facing on our niche 
products divisions. So that's something we have been doing along with a host 
of other initiatives. So, you know I think FY, the H2 of FY20 we'll just be 
focused on some of these initiatives. Towels will start to play out. As I shared 
we are facing some headwinds on sheeting. So I largely see that to be a stable 
H2 that we'd likely to be this. 
Mr. Resham Jain: 
Okay. Thank you very much, Sir and all the best. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen if you have a question please press star 
and 1 on your telephone keypad. Next question comes from Shradha Agarwal 
from Asian markets securities. Please go ahead. 
Shradha Agarwal: 
Hello, Sir. Good evening to the management team. You alluded to some 
challenges in your bedding business due to some product mix. Can you 
elaborate more on this please? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well markets had their challenges. We are seeing some pricing pressure 
globally on products. You know we are also seeing inflation at the other end. 
As I said as far as Himatsingka is concerned we are not yet seeing any benefit 
on the cotton front, it will take some time to trickle in. So I believe together 
you know create some headwinds for us on the bedding division.  
Shradha Agarwal: 
But then are we confident of you know taking the utilization up in the second 
half or would it be again a drench found in second half as well. 

Page 14 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I think there could be a mixed bag and difficult for me to specify exactly. But 
I would say that it will remain stable viz-a-viz our core operations. As I said 
our niche operations will be undergoing some restructuring during Q3 and Q4 
depending on our evaluations. And that's a separate affair. 
Shradha Agarwal: 
Right sir, and there were hopes that since home textiles had all been covered 
and that the U.S. - China trade war issue, India should really benefit out of 
this. So have there been any early signs of you know any incremental market 
share gains coming India. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Actually you know, up to March as I shared with investors, we didn't really 
see any material inquiries emanating on account of trade tensions between the 
U.S and China. I must say that over the last couple of months the intensity of
enquiries has significantly increased. Will they result in the business, time will 
tell. But this is the current status. Having said that there is also some news that 
keeps floating around about easing of trade tensions and things like that. So it 
depends on obviously the larger policy frameworks that will unfold between 
the U.S. and China. But yes there has been an increase in inquiries. There's 
not been any conclusions of such inquiries as yet. 
Shradha Agarwal: 
All right, Sir. One bookkeeping question, just taken a hit of close to 6.6 crores 
on account of payment on investment in some equity shares. Can you give 
some more details on that? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I mean it's just a onetime hit ma’am on an investment that we carried on an 
equity exposure. We only had one such exposure and in line with standards 
we have provided for the same. 
Shradha Agarwal: 
Right Sir. And any plans of moving under the new corporate tax or we 
continue with the existing tax rates? 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
The implications of the new tax regime are under review. We haven't made 
any change in our stance for Q2 FY20. The same is being evaluated and we 
will come out with our stance over the next couple of quarters. 
Shradha Agarwal: 
Right, Sir. And just to prod you of the bit again on the restructuring that secure 
undertaking in Europe. Any you know any ballpark indication as to how big 
can this expense be? Because you know we've already taken a hit just 30 crores 
in the last two quarters because of EBITDA loss in these businesses. But you 
know how would the debt look like in the next two quarters? Any directional 
sense would also be helpful. 

Page 15 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No. I cannot comment specifically on what this could be. It could be mirroring 
what you saw in H1. It could be a little more than that. But what I'd like to 
assure investors is that these divisions, as I said small they are not part of our 
core growth for years. If we have to take some short term pain in order to align 
the models of these businesses and get them right on track then we will do so. 
But our core operating businesses as I said will continue to remain stable for 
H2 FY20. And going into FY21, our teams will be focused on enhancement 
of utilization levels across bedding and bath divisions. The deleveraging piece 
which we will be focused on, our working capital cycles which will be focused 
on and also our capital efficiencies which we continue to work on. So, I would 
see if at all there are any hits of any kind vis-a-vis the restructuring of the 
niche products division, will be more sort of short term. 
Shradha Agarwal: 
Sure sir. That’s helpful. And one last thing if I can you know. My initial you 
know channel check suggests that the Cotton crop this time around is not a 
very good quality,  the Indian crop. So any thoughts on the same would be 
appreciated, Sir. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
You're right. The quality of the initial crop at least the varietals that we 
consume are not comparable to earlier seasons. There has been a deterioration 
for various reasons on the quality. It’s a wait and watch ma’am, in terms of 
whether this quality degradation that attributable only to the initial crop or the 
you know to more than that I think this the broad consensus is that only the 
initial sort of crop is witnessing such issues and as the season progresses these 
issues shall be resolved. 
Shradha Agarwal: 
Sure sir, that’s really helpful. Thank you for your thoughts. Thank you!. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you Madam. Ladies and gentlemen if you have a question please press 
star and 1 on your telephone keypad. Next we have a follow up question from 
Mr. Pankaj Kumar from Kotak securities.  Please go ahead sir. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Thank you for the opportunity sir. Sir, this MEIS scheme, whether we have 
taken any benefit in the process?  
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We've taken benefits we can take that off line Pankaj, we will have to look at 
it but we have taken benefits in line with the export incentives that we're 
eligible for. 

Page 16 of 16
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 08, 2019 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Ok sir, thank you. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Hello. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
I am done with the question. 
Pavitra: 
Next question comes from Rukun Tarachandani from Kotak Asset 
Management, please go ahead. 
Rukun Tarachandani: 
Hi. Can you just give some more color on the revenue de-growth year-on-year 
that we've seen so far? Was it any particular brand, any particular segment 
where you're seeing an excessive pressure or is it much more broad based, you 
know across your all the segments and brands. So any additional color on 
this?. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Rukun if you look at y-o-y net sales have decreased 3.3 percent there's been 
some correction in other income which is down from 32.9 crores to 9.7 crores. 
We have always requested the investors to look at other income in conjunction 
with sales because of the standards applicable. So you know these are ordinary 
course movements and it's broad based. It's not pointed to any one place. 
Rukun Tarachandani: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, Sir. That would be the last question for the day. Now we hand 
over the floor to Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka for closing comments. Over to you 
Sir. 
Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka: 
As always thank you all for the patient listening. We'll be happy to answer any 
further questions that you all have. Do reach out and we'll make sure that 
you've got all the answers. Thanks again and catch up soon. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes your conference for 
today. Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha Conference 
call service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a 
pleasant evening!  
