Date: November 18, 2019 
To, 
To, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “540743” 
Ref.: “GODREJAGRO” 
Subject: Transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with Investors & Analysts held on 
November 5, 2019. 
Dear Sir, 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited held on Tuesday, 
November 5, 2019 at 4.30 p.m. IST. with the Investors and Analysts.  
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.godrejagrovet.com 
Please take the same on your records 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Vivek Raizada  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS - 11787) 
Encl.: As above
VIVEK PRITAMLAL 
RAIZADA
Digitally signed by VIVEK 
PRITAMLAL RAIZADA 
Date: 2019.11.18 
17:45:34 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY20 Earning Conference Call Transcript 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Devrishi Singh from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Devrishi Singh: 
Thanks, Karuna. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us on 
Godrej Agrovet Q2 and H1 FY20 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us 
Mr. Nadir Godrej - Chairman of the company, Mr. Balram S. Yadav - Managing 
Director and Mr. S. Vardaraj – Chief Financial Officer of Godrej Agrovet 
Limited. 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management following which we will have the forum open for an interactive 
question-and-answer session. Before we start, I would like to point out that 
some statements made in today's call may be forward-looking and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you 
earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Nadir Godrej to make his initial remarks. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Good evening everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet conference 
call to discuss the operating and financial performance for the second quarter 
and first half of the financial year 2019-20. I shall take you through the summary 
of the results followed by the key developments and operational highlights for 
each of our businesses. 
For the second quarter, our consolidated total income was 1862 crore 
compared to 1592 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year, 
registering a growth of 16.9%. Consolidated profit before taxes was 81 crore 
compared to 114 crore reported during the same period last year. Similarly, for 
the first half of the year, consolidated total income was 3575 crore compared 
to 3080 crore reported for the first half of the previous year, registering a growth 
of 16.1%. Profit before taxes was Rs. 195 crore when compared with 235 crore 
for the corresponding previous period. Please note that the total income and 
profits before taxes for the second quarter and first half of previous year 
exclude a nonrecurring income of 29.9 crore earned on sale of land which was 
included in other income. Please note this is the financials for the second 
quarter fiscal year 20 and first half fiscal year 20 include the financial results of 
Godrej Tyson Foods Limited and Godrej Maxximilk Private Limited which 
became subsidiary with effect from 27th March 2019. 
Now, I will discuss the quarterly performance of each of our business 
segments. In the animal feed business, volume growth was 9.2% driven by 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
growth in layer feed, cattle feed and fish feed segments. We have taken price 
increases for most of our products which resulted in year-on-year revenue 
growth of 31.9% during this quarter. Consequent to the volume growth and 
price increase, segment margins improved significantly by 91.1% compared to 
second quarter fiscal year 19. In the coming months, we will continue to focus 
on maintaining our volume growth momentum along with increasing the 
segment margin. In the oil palm business, the revenue was lower by 11.2% as 
compared to second quarter fiscal year 19 due to a sharp decline in prices of 
the end products. While arrivals of fresh fruit bunches increased by 23.8% over 
the previous period, crude palm oil, CPO and palm kernel oil, PKO prices were 
lower by 16% and 32% respectively. On account of this, the segment 
performance was significantly impacted and was lower by 37.2%. 
In the crop protection business, standalone segment revenues and segment 
result degrew by 2.2% and 7% respectively. This was mainly on account of 
initial delay and subsequently extended and skewed monsoon. 
In our subsidiary, Astec Life Sciences, we had strong growth of 24% in 
revenues for the quarter; however, operating profitability was adversely 
impacted during the quarter due to poor realization, increase in input prices 
and deferral of export orders. Creamline Dairy Products Limited, our dairy 
subsidiary posted revenues of 306 crore in the current quarter compared to 
300 crore recorded in the same period last year. EBITDA margins improved by 
53.4% over second quarter fiscal year 19 primarily as there was no butter 
provisioning during the quarter. The salience of the value-added products for 
the first half of the year was 29%. Going forward, our focus will continue to be 
on strengthening the Jersey brand and increasing the salience of value-added 
products. 
Godrej Tyson Food Limited, our poultry business posted revenues of 108 crore 
in the current quarter compared to 115 crore in second quarter fiscal year 19. 
However, EBITDA margins were under pressure on account of increases in 
the cost of live birds. GAVL’s joint venture in Bangladesh, ACI Godrej recorded 
a robust revenue growth of 34.2% over the second quarter fiscal year 19, 
driven by strong volume growth in cattle, broiler and aqua feeds. 
With this, I conclude our business and financial performance update for the 
quarter. We will now be happy to take your questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Ankur Jain 
from Alfa Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Jain: 
Sir, my question is on the Astec Life Sciences, see the margins have declined 
and the return on capital employed is also dipping, which is in line with the 
guidance but what is the outlook now? 
 Balram Yadav: 
Astec Life Sciences, the problem has been postponement of lot of our orders, 
so there is a spill over from Q2 to Q3 and we are also seeing some spill over 
from Q3 to Q4. So, that is one of the reasons why there is a decline in margin. 
The second reason was that the Propiconazole has been banned in EU 
countries and not only we were hit by lower margins because we had to 
dispose out that material elsewhere but because of high cost of raw material 
because we had manufactured for Europe in the last quarter of the earlier 
financial year. There are several things which have hit us in Astec Life 
Sciences, we also claimed some benefit over the last few years on account of 
exports which several agri companies including us have done that and now the 
government had disallowed that so that also has been provided for. Of course, 
we are still contesting that but almost 6.5 crore has been provided for this. 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
These are the multiple reasons why Astec Life Sciences is suffering this year. 
The only thing I can say is that definitely the pipeline of order is strong, almost 
90% of capacity in next 2 quarters including the current quarter is sold out.  
S.Varadraj:  
We are quite hopeful that in the balance 2 quarters, current quarter and the 
next quarter, we will be able to recover lot of lost ground and show a little bit of 
growth over last year. 
Ankur Jain: 
And sir, then second question is on, you have got 4 different businesses, in 
one of the recent interviews on a business channel, you alluded to feed having 
a very high ROCE of almost 80 to 100%, would you mind just giving us a 
breakup of your business wise ROCEs or feed is 80% you said, may be you 
can confirm that and what about dairy, chemicals and oil? 
Balram Yadav: 
I will just give you a flavour but offline I think we will give you. Feed, definitely 
we will do more than 100% ROCE. Agri and oil palm, anything between 30 to 
35%. Godrej CDPL, we will be at about 10% to 15% this year. 
Ankur Jain: 
10% to 15%% for which business? 
Balram Yadav: 
Food businesses, which is the chicken as well as CDPL. 
Ankur Jain: 
15% right? 
S.Varadraj : 
I think 10-15% we are looking right now. So, my sense is that at a blended 
consolidated level, we will do an ROCE of 20% to 25% in the coming two 
quarters and the return on capital employed at the consolidated level of (+20%) 
should be possible. 
Ankur Jain: 
So, ROCE consolidated at (+20%)? 
S.Varadraj: 
Yes. 
Ankur Jain: 
So, is there any possibility of going back to our IPO time level ROCE, I think 
was close to 30% at a consolidated level? 
Balram Yadav: 
The answer is that is the expectation, but you know that last few years, we 
have been investing in creating production facilities, etc. Unfortunately 
because of macro conditions largely those utilizations have not been good, so 
that is the problem we have right now, but going forward we believe that things 
will improve, but having said that you all know what is happening in the agri 
sector and initially there was drought and now today, there is excess of rain 
which has disturbed several things. So, I think we will have to wait a quarter or 
two for this recovery to happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Joshi from ICICI. 
Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
Sir, just regarding the oil palm business, so we are looking at lower oil content 
in the fruits, so what can be the particular reason? Also secondly on the entire 
agri sector, do you see with the excess rainfall there is impact on the Kharif 
crop and probably the food grain or even the fruit and vegetable production 
cutting and net-net it impacting the farmer income levels, which in turn may 
impact our various agri businesses, do you see any probability of that? 
S. Vardaraj: 
Anirudh, Vardaraj here. In oil palm plantation business, we witnessed an 
unusually high temperature in the current year. Because of this high 

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
temperature, which was witnessed, there was a condition of pseudo ripening 
wherein the fruits came to be ripe from outside but were not actually ripe. 
Consequently, the oil synthesis within the fruit was lower and that resulted in 
the lower oil content in the oil palm fruits. This is an exceptional situation 
because of the unusually high temperature in the month of June, July. 
Balram Yadav: 
But  week on week for last 6 weeks, there is an improvement in OER and now 
we are clocking more than the standard also now because the rainfall has been 
very good, the crop condition has improved substantially. So, my sense is that 
when we account for the whole year, we will be not too far from last year OER 
level because the current OER is very high. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
Yes, agri sector, how do you see the agri sector, considering excess rainfall 
and then how do you see the impact of lower farmer incomes on Godrej 
Agrovet segments? 
Balram Yadav: 
Let me tell you that this rain has been disastrous in last 3 to 4 weeks. The crop 
is ready for harvesting and in several parts of the country, the harvesting has 
been delayed. So, one of the things is that government prediction of Kharif crop 
was close to about 141 million tonnes which was almost the target last year. 
Our sense is that it will be revised downwards. That is point number one. Point 
number two is that supply chains of lot of our raw materials in animal feeds and 
fruits, vegetables, poultry as well as milk have been disturbed. Other 
competitors of milk have also talked about disturbance in supply chain which 
has resulted in milk cost not going down in flush also, so that is definitely 
hurting all our businesses actually. Normally, we saw a decline in milk prices 
and animal feed raw material prices from the second half of October, now we 
are in the first 15 days of November and decline has just about started and it 
is very gradual not the decline which normally happened in the flush season in 
last several years. So, definitely there will be a challenge as far as several of 
our businesses are concerned, but we are still hopeful because where will the 
crop go, it has to come into the market and we will see decline in milk cost and 
raw material prices which will help both our businesses in the coming months. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
Do you see impact on revenues itself or you see probably only the margins will 
be hurt and if I am correct, can we see the margins cutting down compared to 
the FY19 levels? 
Balram Yadav: 
The topline will not be affected because high raw material prices mean high 
inflation and we will with some time lag pass it on to the customer, so the impact 
will definitely be margins because in both these businesses, nobody takes 
price increases in these months as the raw material prices and the milk prices 
come down and the profitability of business has improved. Rather in animal 
feed business, there are price cuts in this season because there is a substantial 
drop in cost of feed and a big part of that is passed onto the farmer. Now, if 
you ask me in feed businesses, we are very well placed as far as costs and 
margins are concerned. Any drop in cost, a significant part of that will be added 
to margin, so we are quite hopeful and once the raw material prices come 
down, we will be able to improve margin in both animal feed and in milk 
business. 
Anirudh Doshi: 
Sir, last question with tax rate reduction, so the company would be 
accumulating additional cash flows, so any plan on that front and also in order 
to take the benefit of lower taxation, is there any big CAPEX that the company 
would like to announce or is thinking about? 
Balram Yadav: 
Total tax benefit as per our calculation and as per our expectation for the year 
will be close to 65 crore at a consolidated level and half of it will be one-time 
restatement of the deferred tax, so this is the impact. Second thing is that we 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
have a plan for continuous investments in our businesses. There is 150 crore 
expansion which will be completed in the next 2 months in the animal feed 
business. There is a new expansion which we have started in Astec Life 
Sciences which is close to about 60 crore or so, so there are several projects 
which are in the plan and with a little bit of disturbance in the macro 
environment because of lower prices and high rains resulting in disruption of 
supply chain, we still have not altered our expansion plan as far as CAPEX is 
concerned; however, we have pulled back big time in our fixed cost and that is 
one good thing about Agrovet is that we can do that because several of our 
fixed costs are also variable. And if I give you an example, our manpower cost 
is almost at par when compared with last year and our fixed cost is only 6% 
higher than last year and we have only utilized about 93-94% of what we have 
budgeted. I think we are taking all care that we do not slip up on what we can 
do to ensure that business performs but we are also not punishing future by 
cutting down the investments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question from the line of Preet Nagarsheth 
from Wealth Financial Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
My question is regarding maize, I think the last quarter I had asked this 
question that how do you see the availability of maize and I think the answer 
was that there would be quite a lot of it available at Rs. 16, Rs. 17 a kg. Now 
with the rains being extended, how do you see the scenario, could you give us 
some colour there? 
Balram Yadav: 
So, everything has changed in last 30 days because of this rain, it is harvest 
time of corn and it is raining in several corn areas. Unfortunately corn arrivals 
should have started around 20th of October and they are still trickling on 5th of 
November. I am saying that the crop is late, and my sense is that the crop will 
be less. So our expectation was that in season, base price of bulk maize will 
go to Rs. 16, Rs. 17. My sense is that we will not see that number, it may be 
something close to Rs.18, Rs. 19, so that base will change, and I would say 
MSP has also been changed 5 to 6% by the government. So, definitely the 
maize sowing in area was more but productivity will definitely suffer and either 
we have the same quantity of maize last year which was short or we have less 
than that this year for the maize will be under pressure for at least 3 to 4 
months. Having said that, I am still hopeful that because of very good rains, 
the Rabi maize which is in East India, particularly in Bihar, in every year that 
acreage is increasing and if the prices are good, we believe Rabi acreages will 
go up further, so we will not have to import the maize but maize price is not 
likely to go down the way it used to go down in past. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
By when do you think the Rabi crop will become available? 
Balram Yadav: 
So, the trickle has started in several mandis. Unfortunately, the initial maize 
which is coming is very high moisture of 16% to 17% which we don’t buy. I 
think my sense is that in case the sunny conditions prevail for another week or 
so, the maize arrivals will increase substantially. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
And the question is, when do you expect the Rabi crop to start arriving? That 
would be what, around April? 
Balram Yadav: 
Rabi crop comes April end. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
So, this quarter and the next quarter, there will be an effect of that? 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Balram Yadav: 
We will produce about 22 to 23 million tonnes of corn in India, almost this year 
75% will come in the next 2 to 3 months and only about 25 to 30% will come in 
April, May. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
So, you are still hopeful to receive reasonable quantities, do not enter lower 
cost that you are anticipating? 
Balram Yadav: 
If you really ask me, feed cost there is a pass-through with the time lags, so 
we are not very concerned. The problem is in our chicken business where we 
will have to absorb the cost in case output prices don’t go up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
My question is regarding palm oil, so we have seen a significant price decline 
of palm oil and palm kernel, 16% & 32%, so could you please talk about what 
is the outlook of palm oil price? 
Balram Yadav: 
Last 2 weeks, we are seeing a steady rise in prices of crude palm oil. They 
have risen from Rs. 52,000 a tonne to about Rs. 59,000 to Rs. 60,000 a tonne 
and the big problem this year has been the palm kernel oil prices. If we see 
last 10 years, palm kernel oil prices are about 1.8x to about 2.2x of crude palm 
oil prices and a lot of our profitability in this business come from palm kernel 
oil prices. This year unfortunately, palm kernel oil prices are 1.1x the crude 
palm oil prices and that has hit us very hard apart from low oil prices during 
season. Having said that, we are very happy that palm kernel prices and CPO 
prices are increasing but unfortunately only 30% of our business is in the 
second half, almost 70% of the business is in first half where the hit has been 
very severe and I don’t think whatever has been lost even though the prices 
remained very high and efficiencies improved, just because not too much of 
crop is left, so we are unlikely to recover whatever we have lost, but having 
said that second half will be better than expected but unfortunately it will be a 
small portion of the total business. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And second half the H2 FY19, we have seen some neighbouring area supply 
of FFB from your area to other area, so that is going to benefit? 
Balram Yadav: 
Last year that problem was there because we have our plantation very close 
to Telangana and Telangana price was higher than the Andhra Pradesh price. 
The price fixation as you know is done by the government and lot of our fruits 
went to Telangana to Telangana oil Fed which is the government oil mill. So, 
last year mid season, government of Andhra Pradesh had partially corrected 
this formula and they said that they will bear the difference which stopped our 
fruit from going to Telangana. Moreover, we also made sure through some 
incentive that FFB does not pilfer to Telangana. This year, we have been very 
careful from start. The government has been very helpful in terms of giving 
incentives to the farmers. So, this year I would say that absolutely zero 
pilferage of fruits has happened out of our plantation. 
Sumant Kumar: 
That is going to benefit in H2, right? 
Balram Yadav: 
No, H1 is the main thing. H2, I told you only 30% of the business is in H2 and 
definitely it will be more than expected but not enough to cover the gap created 
in H1. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, talking over the crop protection margin, we have seen a significant decline 
in Astec Life Sciences, so do you think the recovery is likely to be happened, 
the price is likely to be poor and input price volatility is there. So, assuming 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
whatever deferral sales is going to happen in Q3 and Q4, so some operating 
efficiency will be there but overall, realization and the volatility in the raw 
material price is going to impact overall operating performance of the crop 
protection? 
Balram Yadav: 
So, operating performance of the Astec Life Sciences definitely will increase in 
Q2 and Q3. We have the orders and the level at the cost level and the price 
level at which the material has been sold. We are very sure that expansion in 
our margin as compared to first half will happen. The only thing which can be 
a spoiler is postponement of orders. That is one of the things which is 
happening regularly for lot of our intermediates and technical supplies because 
this season in other country is also erratic and this will pick up 15-20 days later, 
we missed the quarter and sometimes we will miss the financial year also, but 
we are hopeful that if everything happened as plan which is not very 
aggressive, we should be able to show some marginal growth over last year 
after providing for whatever we had to return to the government. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, what is your say on poor realization, how it is going to improve and how? 
Balram Yadav: 
As I told you in last question also, I said that in all our sales the realization has 
suffered only in Propiconazole because of the ban in EU and that was one of 
our main products, so we had manufactured at very high cost and sold at very 
high prices in the last quarter of last year which was supposed to be dispatched 
in first quarter and we would have made significant margin on that but 
unfortunately because of EU ban, the prices fell and we were left with high cost 
Propiconazole which we disposed our lower margin to get rid of that stock, so 
that thing is over and unfortunately, the loss has been quite significant in that 
plus 6.5 crore provision we had made for some export benefit claim we had 
met in past several years, which has been disallowed by the government; 
however, we are still disputing that and the provision has been made. 
Moderator: 
We move to the next question from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
Sir, just wanted to check on a couple of line items. If I look at the staff cost and 
the other expenses on a Y-o-Y basis that seems to have gone up by almost 25 
to 30%, is that more in the normal course of things or is there some additional 
expenses which have come in from this quarter? 
S. Vardaraj: 
No, there are no one-off expenses which are there, may be offline we can give 
you the detail separately. So, Godrej Tyson Foods and Godrej Maxximilk have 
been consolidated in the current year only and previous period financials do 
not have the results of these two entities so we need to factor in especially 
when we are looking at other expenses etc., 
Madhav Marda: 
And the other question was on the dairy business, when can we expect 
because this time we didn’t have the butter provisioning losses also that 
happened last year. By when do we see margins picking up and what could be 
sustainable margins, may be next financial year for the dairy business? 
Balram Yadav: 
In respect of dairy business, in the second half the cow milk and buffalo milk 
prices will fall, if you go by last year’s about 4 to 5%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ishmit Singh from RBL Bank. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Ishmit Singh: 
I had a question regarding Astec Life Sciences regarding the ban of 
Propiconazole in EU, could you shed some light on how much percentage it 
contributes to the overall production and how much of that was sold in EU? 
Balram Yadav: 
The budgeted contribution was close to 12 crore which is almost half of 
contribution from Propiconazole. 
Nadir Godrej: 
The Propiconazole prices fell because of the ban in the Europe because there 
was an oversupply, but the oversupply situation is now correcting and the 
Propiconazole capacity can be used for other products as well over time and 
the transition will be a bit difficult. 
Ishmit Singh: 
And sir, any reasons why the countries that banned the Propiconazole, any 
other countries are going to ban it in the future and are there any substitutes 
stand to replace that product? 
Balram Yadav: 
In past, we have seen once one country starts banning, definitely within 2 to 3 
years other countries also start banning that molecule because this was also 
an indication that the originator of that molecule is not available. Having said 
that, we also are looking on some substitutes which can be introduced in next 
2 to 3 years and we have also converted that capacity into Tebuconazole 
where we short of production and we are oversold as far as Tebuconazole is 
concerned, so I think that way one of the things which we have done in past is 
to make our plant a little more versatile. 
Ishmit Singh: 
And sir, that 12 crore contribution was to the topline or was it to EBITDA? 
Nadir Godrej: 
No, this is margin after variable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Nishant Sharma from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Just 2 things from my side, one is that sir, we have some 17 crore kind of loss 
on the other segment, on the segmental bit, is it one-off or how is the case, can 
you just explain a little bit on that? 
S. Vardaraj: 
Other segment is basically Godrej Tyson Foods and Godrej Maxximilk and 
others which is there, so primarily Godrej Tyson Foods. 
Nadir Godrej: 
It is primarily Godrej Tyson Foods. 
Nishant Sharma: 
So, are you expecting anything improvement on that going ahead or how is the 
case on that? 
S.Varadraj: 
On the other segment? 
Nishant Sharma: 
Yes, on the other segment because last quarter that is Q1, we had marginal 
profit on that but from this quarter onwards it is a huge bump up because the 
main core segments are also witnessing some headwinds and to add to on the 
taking down around 17 crore of profit, so what is the view on this segment as 
well? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Godrej Tyson Foods is affected in this quarter as a very high price of live birds. 
As we move towards the winter and raw material prices come down, the cost 
of live birds should fall and the margins in the poultry business should improve. 
The other businesses of Godrej Tyson are doing quite well. 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Nishant Sharma: 
And the second line sir, are we sharing any guidance on topline and the 
EBITDA margin because this time around we have been able to clock in around 
16% growth on first half but in terms of the EBITDA, we failed to pour some 
growth on the EBITDA front, so any guidance that you are sharing on the 
EBITDA margin on a console basis or anything on that? 
Balram Yadav: 
I will be very honest with this. So, let me just tell you that considering the past, 
I am not talking about 1 to 2 years, I am talking about decade, animal protein 
businesses have always done well in second half because raw material prices 
go down, the animal protein prices rise and we get the benefit of expanded 
margin. Having said that, we still don’t know what is the full impact of the rain, 
so everybody is talking about disruption in supply chains of raw materials and 
supply chain of milk and it is pretty well known that milk flush has not started 
and it used to start towards the end of September, beginning of October and 
milk prices ex-farm continue to be high. So, my sense is to answer this 
question, I would like to wait for another one or two weeks and see how this 
shapes up because in spite of spending 3 decades in this business, this is a 
very unique year when half the season was drought and half the season was 
excess rains which continued at the time of harvesting, etc., so hard  for me to 
give you a confirmed answer as the situation is not very clear. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Just last one thing, what would be the tax rate for this year and the next year? 
S Vardaraj: 
So, for Godrej Agrovet, the total tax including the onetime benefit of deferred 
tax should be around 18%, 17.7% or so. 
Nishant Sharma: 
That would be consol, right? 
S. Vardaraj: 
On consolidated basis, it should not be very different because Godrej Agrovet 
Creamline Dairy is also similar rate, Astec will be around 21% but salience in 
the consolidated profit will not be so significant, so it should be around 18% or 
so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from East India 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
I just had two questions, one was on the poultry industry and the second one 
also on the aqua industry, both of these are very important feed categories for 
you and the poultry industry, we have been hearing some news that the 
industry is not being doing so well, like you mentioned that you are also in that 
business, the price of live birds are up and the second complaint which most 
of these farmers are saying the feed prices are just rising and the final product 
price is not rising enough, so are you going to be taking a price cut in this 
segment going ahead? 
Balram Yadav: 
You are talking about poultry feed? 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes sir. 
Balram Yadav: 
So, poultry feed, I think the problem continues in broiler, there the cost of bird 
has risen because of almost 25% decrease in feed cost for over last year and 
because of oversupply, the prices of chicken are not rising and they are still 
below cost of production and they had been like this for last 4 months and that 
is why you see reports that poultry industry is not doing well. So, having said 
that, egg industry particularly is doing well and that is reflected in our numbers 
also. If you see our layer feed sales which go for the birds which produce eggs, 
the growth is close to 35% in volumes. Aqua feed industry, particularly fish feed 
is growing very well. We have grown almost 50% in the first half. Shrimp feed 

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
actually the industry has done well, not from the point of view of volumes 
because the crop was less but the prices of shrimp have been very good and 
very remunerative which are reflected in the results of some of our competitors 
and if you remember, we were not a very significant player in shrimp feed but 
we will definitely this year in spite of being not a very good year for volumes 
will arrest that decline at least, but in fish feed we are growing very well. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Sir, on the aqua feed side, again prices of one major raw material has gone on 
the spot under disruption because of some policies that have come in, I am 
talking about fish meal, has that been sorted? 
Balram  Yadav: 
Fish meal, 5% GST has been managed and that has been included in the cost 
I think that increases the cost of aqua feeds between 1 to 1.5% or something 
like that but I would say that that will be compensating the effect in the coming 
season because soybean is an important ingredient of shrimp feed which is 
likely to fall because the season has started and de-oiled rice bran is a very 
important component of fish feed, almost 50% of fish feed is de-oiled rice bran 
which will also fall because as soon as the selling starts and solvent extraction 
plant start, there will be a big inflow of de-oiled rice bran. So, I feel that shrimp 
season is almost over, now the season will start in February, but my feeling is 
that fish will continue to grow in the coming months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohan: 
Rohan here from Edelweiss. Sir, one quick question on this Astec Life, can you 
just quantify that how much dependency is there on Propiconazole and how 
much inventory losses you have suffered in the first half? 
Balram Yadav: 
As I told you that 12 crore was the loss we suffered on account of lower prices 
and higher cost. 
Rohan: 
So, this is complete ban in Europe, and you have taken all the related loss or 
you still have some inventory which can have impact on your…? 
Balram Yadav: 
I think that correction we took very early. Most of it has been already cleaned 
up, we don’t have any stocks and now we are selling is there and why we have 
to reduce price because the raw material cost reduced after that. 
Rohan: 
So, have you moved completely out of Europe market as far as the 
Propiconazole is concerned and this product is sold through another channel? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, we are out of that market, but we are definitely selling it in India and 
several other markets. 
Rohan: 
Would it be possible to quantify that how much revenues we are getting from 
this particular product? 
Balram Yadav: 
We can share offline. It is an important product for us. 
Rohan: 
I will collect that sir. Sir, second is on your aqua feed and shrimp feed business 
which you mentioned that the industry continue to do well, can you give some 
number that how the industry growth was this first half and in terms of like the 
rise in raw material prices and you mentioned that you expect soybean prices 
also likely to come down while our understanding says that there is an impact 
on soybean output in MP and that may lead to high prices of soybean, so I 
think that there is some disconnect, so do you see that the raw material prices 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
will come down further in second half and the industry growth rate if you can 
that give some number on both shrimp and aqua feed? 
Balram Yadav: 
I think there is no dispute as far as soybean crop is concerned, so we also are 
hearing reports that in several places in Vidarbha and Madhya Pradesh the 
crop has been hit but you must also realize that soybean prices are also 
dependent on how much we can export and how much we can consume 
domestically. Now my sense is just because broiler industry is not doing well 
and we have seen that there is a shrinkage of industries and never cash losses 
they suffer for a reasonably long period of time, so production drop might be 
compensated by consumption drop for some time. So, our sense is that the dip 
may not be as big as it used to be, but there will be definitely dip, there will be 
opportunity to cover but as far as overall soya crop and overall year is 
concerned, we strongly believe that soya prices will be higher than last year, 
so this is what I was saying that there might be temporary drop because 
temporary contraction of broiler industry which is the biggest consumer of 
soybean in terms of domestic industry, so this is point one. Point two, I would 
say that broiler industry has definitely grown significantly over past 12 months 
and that is what is causing a little bit of glut which is under correction because 
how the correction happens is that lot of parent stocks, etc., come into 49:18 
(Inaudible) so the numbers are reduced because of purely of supply and 
demand situation which leads to low prices and then this correction has started, 
my sense within 2 to 3 weeks this correction will happen and broiler prices will 
become negative but once the correction happens, for it to go back to original 
level, since this is a breeding business that takes time. As far as shrimp 
industry is concerned, it is definitely lower than last year or at par. Fish has 
grown by 15 to 20% and that is what we are seeing that not only it has grown 
but category conversion has also happened that is why our growth in floating 
fish feed is close to 50% because when the fish prices are very good, farmer 
shifts from raw material to compound feed and that category conversion we 
are seeing. 
Rohan: 
Sir, just last question, you mentioned on these non-remunerative prices on 
palm kernel oil which definitely used to be linked with the crude palm, 1.8x to 
2x now, 1.1x, any particular reason and how long you see that this is likely to 
continue? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Palm kernel prices are not likely to have a very high premium over palm oil but 
palm oil prices are currently very high. Palm oil prices in India has already in 
the futures market are at Rs. 61.5 per kilo. Indonesia has announced plan to 
use 30% palm biodiesel with diesel in Indonesia and that has put fire under the 
palm oil market and we don’t think palm kernel oil will have a big premium over 
palm oil but it is definitely always going to be higher than palm oil, so it is not 
going to go very low. 
Rohan: 
So, this is mainly because of high prices of crude palm oil, not because of the 
problem in? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Because of the high prices of crude palm oil. We don’t think it will have high 
premium for the near future. We would need failure of the coconut oil crop to 
have a big premium of palm kernel oil of palm oil because palm oil production 
is quite high now. Palm kernel oil is the proportion of the palm oil production, 
but coconut oil and palm kernel oil are close substitutes for each other. If 
coconut oil production falls, then palm kernel oil prices can go to big premium 
of palm oil, but that looks unlikely. 
Balram Yadav: 
One more thing I want to add on shrimp feed. For first 6 months, shrimp feed 
numbers are marginally less than last year, almost 2% drop but if you see the 

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
skew, most of the damage was in the first quarter and over the second quarter 
last year this shrimp feed is higher by 44%. 
Rohan: 
So, do you see that the trend likely to continue in H2? 
Balram Yadav: 
That is what I am telling you that all these disruptions or noise happen when 
the crop is delayed. Overall, I feel that we will be flat, but we would arrest the 
decline which was happening for last few years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Chaudhary from 
Samarth Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Sir, you had spoken about 6.5 crore provision that you had taken for some 
export benefit, when was this taken? 
S. Vardaraj: 
In terms of this particular export benefit, which is there, we had taken this 
export benefit based on a specific classification. The government is saying that 
the classification is not right, and they are asking us to reclassify it which means 
that the export benefit gets reduced. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And this was taken in Astec Life Sciences, right? 
S. Vardaraj: 
Yes, in Astec Life Sciences. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Which particular year or quarter? 
S. Vardaraj: 
This is pertaining to prior years, so it is pertaining to I think 18-19 and 17-18. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And this expansion you spoke about of around 60 crore for Astec, what is the 
kind of asset turns you expect out of this in because given that Propiconazole, 
one of our major products may not contribute to us in a major way in times to 
come? 
Balram Yadav: 
I will just reply in a very short sentence that Astec Life Sciences was dependent 
only on Triazole, almost 90% of our turnover came from Triazole which is a 
very big risk and we had embarked on trying to figure out future strategy of 
Astec Life Sciences. We were advised by global consultants on that the project 
which was undertaken a few months ago, it was the project where we charted 
out this strategy for growth. This plant is not for fungicides or Triazole, it is part 
of our diversification into other genre of chemicals in the agri space. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. Over 
to you sir. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. 
If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, we would be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for 
taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Godrej Agrovet Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
