Ref: SEC/SE/2019-20
Date: 20/11/2019
Scrip Code: NSE - DABUR & BSE - 500096
To,
Corporate Relation Department
BSE Ltd
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001.
^^A^-
T^Kur
India Ltd.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/l, G Block Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E)
Mumbai-400051.
Sub: Transcript of Investors' Conference Call for Dabur India Limited - Q2 FY 2019-20
Financial Results
Dear Sir,
Please find attached the Transcript of Investors' Conference Call organized on November 5,
2019 post declaration of Financial Results for the Quarter & Half-Year ended September 30,
2019, for your information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
\
01
ai
(^ E V P (^rhance)and Company Secretary
End:as above
DABUR INDIA UMFTED, Punjabi Bhawan, 10, Rouse Avenue. New Delhl-110 002. Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax: +91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3. AsafAII Road, New Delhi -110 002 (India)
PAN: AMCD0474C, CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908. Email: corpcomm@mall.dabur, Webslte: www.dabur.com

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Dabur India Limited Q2 FY’20 Results Investor Conference Call” 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. MOHIT MALHOTRA - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. LALIT MALIK - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ASHOK JAIN - EVP(FINANCE) & COMPANY SECRETARY) 
MR. ANKUSH JAIN - HEAD (FINANCIAL PLANNING & ANALYSIS) 
MS. GAGAN AHLUWALIA - SR. GENERAL MANAGER (CORPORATE AFFAIRS)  
 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the Management of Dabur India Limited, I 
welcome you to this Conference Call pertaining to the Results for the Quarter-Ended 30th 
September 2019.  
Present here with me are Mr. Mohit Malhotra - Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lalit Malik - Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Ashok Jain - EVP(Finance) & Company Secretary and Mr. Ankush Jain – 
Head (Financial Planning and Analysis).  
 
We will start with an overview of the “Company’s Performance” by Mr. Malhotra, followed by a 
“Q&A Session”. I now hand over to Mohit. Thank you.  
Mohit Malhotra: 
Thank you, Gagan. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Dabur India Limited’s 
Conference Call pertaining to Results for the Quarter-Ended 30th September 2019. 
Demand for the FMCG products saw further slowdown during the quarter, with volume growth 
going down to low single-digits in most categories. Navigating the macro headwinds and liquidity 
issues in the trade channel, Dabur reported a growth of 4.1% in revenue in the consolidated 
business. Standalone revenue grew by 4.9%, backed by volume growth of 4.8% in the domestic 
FMCG business. 
As Foods category saw a deceleration, domestic growth without Foods was at 6.8%, backed by a 
volume growth of 7.4%. 
Health Care business stayed resilient, growing at 11%. Health Supplements grew by 14.4%, led 
by a robust growth in Glucose and Chyawanprash. 
Digestives category recorded a growth of 10.2%, driven by a strong performance of Hajmola 
tablets. 
OTC & Ethical business grew by 6% on back of new product launches, medico-marketing, 
distribution and visibility enhancement initiatives. A range of single-herb churnas and NatureCare 
Kabz Over were some of the new product initiatives during the quarter. 
HPC business reported 4.3% growth, impacted by a sharp slowdown in Hair Oil, Oral Care and 
Skin Care categories. These large staples saw volume growth falling off to flat or negative territory. 
This impacted our growth in Hair Oil, Oral Care, also we continued to grow ahead of the categories 
and gain market share across all segments. 
In Oral Care, Red Toothpaste continued to perform well with 9.5% growth. Babool Ayurvedic was 
launched in the last quarter and is showing promise, as the initial response to the product is very 
encouraging. Our market share in toothpaste category increased by 66 basis point versus last year. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Hair Care reported growth of around 4%, led by double-digit growth in shampoo segment. Dabur 
Almond Hair Oil, Brahmi Amla, Sarson Amla posted very strong growth. Our market share in 
Hair Oil segment went up by 30 bps and in shampoo by 65 bps. 
Skin Care category was flattish, mainly due to very high base of last year. 
Home Care category grew by 7% in this quarter, backed by strong performance of Odomos. 
Foods business declined by 5% on account of sharp slowdown in overall juice consumption. The 
J&N category reported 7.2% decline in volume on account of significant down trading by 
consumers to low priced alternatives, such as dairy and carbonated drinks. We believe that going 
forward the category should recover with improvement in consumer sentiment and macro 
recovery. The J&N category still has a lot of headroom for growth as penetration levels of food-
based beverages in India is very low at a 3 percentage point level. In order to manage the 
slowdown, we are continuing to launch differentiated value-added products in our Foods portfolio 
on one hand and increasing our presence in lower price points on the other. Real Fruit ORS, Mixed 
Berries juice, masala drinks and recently launched Kiwi and Aloe Vera variants are few examples 
of this. Real Koolerz Mango at Rs. 10 price point, which was introduced in quarter one is also 
being ramped up. Real ORS, which was just marketed in Northeast, is also being launched in other 
markets as well. With these initiatives, our market share in J&N category rose to ever highest to 
60.5%, an increase of 420 basis points over last year. 
With the liquidity situation continuing to remain challenging in general trade, our growth in 
modern trade and e-commerce was resilient. E-commerce posted a growth of greater than 63%, 
taking its contribution to 2.2%. Modern trade grew at 6%. We are continuing to expand our direct 
reach in both urban and rural India. During the quarter, our direct reach increased to 1.18 million 
outlets and our village coverage expanded by 3,000 villages to touch around 51,000 villages. This 
indicates the company’s intent to continue to invest strongly in its channels and GTM initiatives. 
International business reported constant currency growth of 3.2%, mainly impacted by VCTS 
implementation in Nepal and infiltration issues in Bangladesh. Excluding the SAARC market, the 
growth was 8.5%, led by a recovery in GCC markets, which reported a growth of 9%. Turkey 
business posted a strong growth of 54% in constant currency, while Namaste U.S. business 
reported a good recovery. Operating margins improved in International business by 160 basis 
points on account of soft commodity price and favorable country mix. 
Consolidated operating profit posted a growth of 8.6%, with operating margin seeing an 
improvement of 91 bps to touch 22.1%, about 40 bps out of which was on account of IndAS 116 
changes. Consolidated PAT increased by 7%. An exceptional provision of Rs. 40 crores was made 
during the quarter on account of impairment of investments because of rating downgrade. Growth 
in PAT before the exceptional items was 15.1%. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Although the demand situation continues to be stressed, and there are no green shoots visible yet, 
we are staying the course in terms of our strategy to invest strongly behind our business, expand 
our distribution footprint in rural and enhance our competitive strength in the marketplace. So far, 
this has enabled us to grow ahead of our categories and gain market share across our portfolio. We 
plan to continue on this path and ride out the consumption headwinds while they last. 
With this, I open the session to Q&A. Thank you.  
Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss 
Tushar: 
This is Tushar. Sir, my question is, you were facing liquidity crunch in the market, so is there 
something you are doing specifically to change the situation? Are you extending more credits to 
your wholesaler, are there any other initiatives taken by the company? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Tushar, we guys are selectively extending the credit in the marketplace, selective distributors who 
require a credit, earlier our credit used to be in the range of around six days, which has gone up to 
a level of around 15 to 20 days also. If you look at our working capital also, that has gone up 
because of the selective trade extension that we are doing. But we are very selective in terms of 
credit extension. And we are not changing our credit policy. Credit policy is remaining the same, 
but exceptional selective credit extensions are happening in the business. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, this is Abneesh here. So my first question is in toothpaste, this quarter your growth and 
Colgate’s growth is quite similar. In the past few quarters for many years we have seen mostly in 
all quarters your growth has been ahead. I understand Red Toothpaste continues to grow at 10%, 
but anything you would like to call out that now your growth and Colgate’s growth is similar? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Abneesh, not really. I think Red Toothpaste on the high base is continuously growing at 9.5%. The 
real true barometer of performance is market share. Our market share continues to surge, we have 
gained around 66 basis points of market share in the Oral Care category, which is growing at 
negative 3%. In a category which is minus 3%, growing at 9.5% is pretty creditable. I think the 
Babool portfolio still needs to revive, while we have launched Babool Ayurvedic and we are seeing 
a lot of green shoots in the brand as the brand seems pretty promising, but is not really impacting 
the entire portfolio. So we are in the process of revamping our Babool brand also. And also we are 
customizing a communication for Meswak and reshaping and revamping our Dabur Herbal 
Toothpaste also. So it will be stage by stage improvement of the brand that we will continue to do. 
But I don’t see any cause of worry in terms of growth getting muted. We are maintaining the same 
headroom vis-à-vis the category growth rate. So there is no alarm or there is no cautious there. 
That being said, competitive intensity has gone up, but we are matching the competitive intensity, 
both at the trade level and also the consumer offer level because in slowdown environment, 
consumer is also seeking more value and which is what we guys are providing. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Abneesh Roy: 
Mohit, my second question is on the fruit juice business. Last three quarters your growth has been 
quite muted at minus 6, 1.5 and minus 5. If you see Varun Beverages’ numbers, they saw 20% 
organic growth in their business. So is any customer shift happening from fruit juice business to 
the aerated beverages? 
Second is, is this because of the down trading, because most of the aerated beverages will be at a 
much lower price point, so could you elaborate what’s happening? See, market share is fine, but 
three successive quarters of (-6), (-5), 1.5 kind of numbers, market share may not that be that 
relevant, right? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, I don’t agree with you. I think market share is pretty relevant. We are sitting at all-time high 
market share of around 60.5%, but then we have gained market share by 420 basis points in juices. 
That being said, I think Varun Beverages’ growth is driven by, you are right, the carbonated 
beverages. As I told you last time also in the conference calls, we have seen carbonated beverages 
growing as a market segment of Rs. 24,000 crores is growing at the rate of now high-single-digit 
that is because of low price points. And there are clear signs in the slowdown of consumer down 
trading and choosing cheaper drinks. As I told you last time, our juices are Rs. 100 for a liter, 
whereas the carbonated beverage sits at around Rs. 50 for a liter, and drink and milk-based 
beverages at around Rs. 35 to Rs. 40 for a liter. So consumers are definitely down trading without 
paying much heed to health. 
But I think it’s a matter of time that we will turn the bend around in the cyclical, as and when the 
slowdown bottoms out and we see the growth, I think the juice growth will come back again. And 
like mentioned last time, we are embarking on lot of initiatives to mitigate this kind of slowdown 
by innovations. And I spoke in my narrative also, we are launching multiple premium variants in 
juices. We are looking at new format of packaging, which is a PET bottle. We already got into the 
drink segment, which is Rs. 6,000-odd crores, which is where the growth is also in double-digits 
and also working on the GTM. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Mohit, two follow-ups here. One is in terms of LUPs of your fruit juice business, what is it and 
where do you see this number from a longer term perspective? And have you seen higher 
slowdown in rural area because Varun Beverages said, a lot of their expansion has come because 
of the rural area. Earlier they were not there, electricity has come, and now, obviously, refrigerated 
cold drinks is finding a lot of consumption. So have you seen bigger slowdown in rural? I 
understand rural, everything is slowing down, but is there more slowdown in fruit juice business 
in rural areas? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. So LUP business, business potential is huge, because I told you Rs. 6,000-odd crores is 
drinks category, and majority of the drinks category happens to be in the low unit price point, 
which is Rs. 10, driven by Frooti and Maaza. So we have got 160 ml juice, which is priced at Rs. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
10, which has got a huge headroom for growth. And as we have launched it, we don’t have 
capacities to service whatever demand that we are having. So we have launched Real Koolerz at a 
Rs. 10 price point, which is showing great traction in urban markets, and also will have good 
traction in our rural infrastructure. So that’s one side of the story, which we are trying to capitalize 
in the rural market. 
Our juice business is mainly urban. I think 80% of the juice consumption happens in urban India. 
We got more impacted by Jammu and Kashmir lockdown in the juice business. In J&K, our market 
shares are ahead of 80 percentage points, which was completely locked down for almost a month 
and the supply chain got impacted. So around 2 to 3 percentage points of growth was impacted 
because of J&K, and also some flood situation here and there. That being said, we wouldn’t have 
been negative, we could have been flat, and we have gained market shares. So that’s where we are. 
So I don’t think rural is too much of a pressure for us, while for the category, definitely rural is 
having a steeper decline as compared to urban. But for us, because we are more urban 
consumption, rural didn’t impact us much there. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And Mohit, my last question is on Hair Oils. We have seen all the players show a marked 
slowdown in this quarter. In Q1 you grew almost 30% on a two-year basis, while in this quarter 
on a two-year basis growth is much, much lower. So one, has your aggression, which was 
translating to market share, has that come to a standstill? And second, why do you see the entire 
category slowing much more than other categories? It’s not that hair oil is 90% penetrated, there 
is still a 30% unorganized in hair oil. So what’s the reason for sharper slowdown here? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
First of all, on the category, the category seems to be a little more discretionary as compared to 
other staples. Hair oil is discretionary, in a slowdown environment there is a pressure on the 
consumption, and consumer will delay the purchases and all that and start consuming less. As far 
as our aggression is concerned, I don’t think that has gone down. We continue to gain market 
share. We have gained 30 basis points market share; our flanker strategy remains intact. Brahmi, 
Sarson, all the brands have actually done well. On premiumization, we have launched Amla Kids 
and that is showing good traction. Even Dabur Amla, the growth rates are although flat, but the 
brand is gaining market share there also. 
In Coconut Oil, our performance has been muted, because of the copra prices going down, there 
is a windfall to the competitor, and the entire windfall was passed on as consumer scheme. 
Therefore, the competitive intensity went up, and we took time to kind of get back to them and re-
gear ourselves to match with the competitor. We thought that the prices would go down, but the 
prices didn’t go down in the marketplace and it took us some time. So therefore, we lost month, 
1.5 months to gear ourselves. And that’s why in coconut our performance has been a little 
lackluster in the quarter. But perfumed oils, we have done well. Almond, as a matter of fact, has 
grown by 24% for us and doing reasonably well. I don’t think there is a problem there. Plus, the 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
business also got impacted by floods in Maharashtra, Bihar, MP and also in Gujarat and some 
areas of West Bengal. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And sir, one question on International business. Pakistan, 20% growth, when economy is not going 
anywhere. And second, Nepal, could you clarify this implementation of VCTS, what is that? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So Pakistan business continues to do well for us, 20% plus growth. And this is constant 
currency growth that we see. While, when you translate the growth becomes much more muted 
because the currency has kind of depreciated. But we are continuously gaining share, both driven 
by our Digestives business there, which is Hajmola driven, and also Hair Oils driven. Even Vatika 
shampoo is doing reasonably well and gaining share from local and multinational competitors in 
Pakistan. We have got a great team in Pakistan and the business continues to do well, that’s one. 
Nepal, business got impacted by VCTS implementation. VCTS is called Vehicle Consignment 
Tracking System. It’s the likes of E-way Bill conformance there where all the intermediaries when 
they are shipping goods have to divulge their VAT and PAN numbers. And a lot of people sitting 
on stock have bought the goods not declaring their VAT and PAN. So the business came to a 
standstill for almost a month and a half but is limping back to normalcy as we go forward. So I 
think in the month of October, we have seen good sales in Nepal, and we should recover very soon. 
These are teething problems like we faced in India during GST implementation, so is the case in 
Nepal now for us. 
So excluding Nepal, our International business clocked a growth of 8.5%. Nepal declined by 35%. 
And in Bangladesh also, we faced some few issues of infiltration of stocks from Calcutta to Dhaka, 
and wholesale got impacted because of rate issues, which are internal hygiene issues, because we 
operated some schemes in India which were not there in Bangladesh, so stock infiltrated from one 
area to the other, which we are correcting very soon. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And this Nepal issue would have impacted all the players, right, not just you? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, that has impacted all the players. So our market share, again, has gone up in Nepal. And 
again, 70% of the business in Nepal is juice business, that got impacted. So if you look at the 
domestic growth rate, it’s minus 5%. But if you look at total international plus domestic in 
segment-wise reporting will be minus 7% because it got accentuated by the issues in Nepal. 
Percy Panthaki from India Infoline 
Percy Panthaki: 
This is Percy here. Sir, just I was looking at your quarterly volume growth for India, and one 
quarter it is good and the very next quarter it is low, and that has been continuing for a few quarters 
now. So is this just a coincidence or is there any other explanation you can offer for the same? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Percy, I think it is coincidence. But the way you see the Dabur portfolio, Dabur portfolio is pretty 
mixed bag, and it’s not really a single category that you may be used to seeing in other companies. 
We are a health care, personal care and foods business, which also happens to be pretty seasonal. 
So there are quarters wherein you are pushing more sales as a part of loading in, and the 
consumption happens in the other quarter. In one quarter we do primary sales; in other quarter we 
do secondary sales. Like giving you an example of Pudin Hara, the loading happens in the fourth 
quarter; Glucose loading happens in the fourth quarter, consumption happens in the first quarter. 
Also, Chyawanprash loading happens in the quarter two, consumption happens in quarter three, so 
likewise. That’s why you see up and down, but that’s got to do with the product portfolio for us. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But sir, on a YoY basis those things should cancel out, right? I mean, we are seeing YoY growth. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So I think it’s more coincidental, if you ask me. It’s not really anything else. Our pipeline of 
stockists remains at 20 days and that has been there and this has been now. Our debtors are pretty 
much in control. So I don’t think there is any other cause of worry. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood, sir. Secondly, on the juices portfolio, you mentioned that there has been some down 
trading and aerated drinks has been growing much faster. But intuitively, since aerated drinks and 
fruit drinks price points are not very different from each other, wouldn’t a fruit juice consumer 
down trade to a fruit drink rather than aerated drink? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. There’s a difference in the price point. The carbonated beverages sit at the lowest price point 
level, so that is where we see the consumption getting kicked in. So drinks are a little more higher 
as compared to carbonated beverages, carbonated beverages are the lowest end. And this has 
happened in six, seven years that we have seen the carbonated drinks going up. I don’t have too 
much of understanding, but from the data analysis it seems like down trading very clearly, because 
drinks are also going up, so are carbonated beverages and so are milk-based beverages. And all of 
them are at almost half the pricing as compared to the juices. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. So that is the point I was making that maybe the down trading is happening, but into drinks 
and not aerated drinks, and aerated drinks is growing irrespective, not because of down trading. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Perhaps. But in seven years it has not grown. We have seen this year as a exceptional year and end 
of last year that this has suddenly started growing. With so much of health awareness coming in, 
intuitively one would not imagine the carbonated soft drink to be growing at the level what it is 
growing now. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. And one very general question. On the demand side, nothing to do with Dabur. See, if I 
look at the macro parameters between FY18, FY19 and now in the last two or three quarters when 
we have seen a further leg of slowdown, there doesn’t seem to be much change in the macro 
parameters. In fact, monsoon has been normal and farm incomes in the last two or three quarters 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
would not have been materially different versus what they were in the last two years. There is trade 
liquidity issue which has come up newly in the last few quarters. But apart from that, do you see 
any other reason for this second leg of slowdown in the last two or three quarters versus the last 
two or three years, which anyways have been slow? For the rural India, I am talking about. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, definitely, there is a slowdown. I can’t pinpoint the exact reason why the slowdown is 
happening, but this seems to be long and a protracted slowdown. To your point, sequentially it has 
impacted. So I can’t tell you reasons beyond what we have stated that would have impacted this 
slowdown. But definitely, incomes with the consumers have gone down. We have a severe 
liquidity crunch happening in the market. I think it has got to do with the impact happening since 
GST implementation. While we thought that this kind of normalized, but the normalcy came from 
a low base, but things really have not improved. Lalit, do you want to add? 
Lalit Malik: 
Sure. I think I just want to add up. Before even GST, if we look at demonetization, that is where 
actually it started where the real-estate got impacted, as one sector. Then we saw even the 
automobile sector now is getting impacted. The intermediary like wholesalers and all, they were 
finding it difficult to deal with those changes, etc., in the initial period. And overall, to couple with 
that, our unemployment is increasing quite high, and we have a young population, which is also 
putting pressure with regards to the earnings that are there. And specifically to your question on 
the rural, though a lot of fiscal incentives have been announced, but not very clear whether that 
has completely gone into the hands of rural population, where they are able to have more 
purchasing power in their hands. 
So these are multiplier effect of all these factors, which is leading into the liquidity crunch. And 
as a result of it, new investments are not happening at the pace in which it was happening couple 
of years back. So all those things are putting pressure. And our GDP is getting suppressed because 
of that. And therefore, there is a strong need and a lot of fiscal initiatives have been taken recent 
past. Hopefully, they should start putting thrust that is required for the economy to start growing, 
including the RBI rate reduction, et cetera. But currently the way it appears is that, all these factors 
are adding up into the liquidity pressure. Not growing these businesses or future expansions, 
unemployment is becoming very high, all these factors are having a multiplier impact. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. So in light of all this, is there any need to revisit your full year sort of expectation of a high-
single-digit volume growth? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. At the moment, I think we want to maintain our guidance of mid to high single-digit volume 
growth, that is what we targeted at the beginning of the year, and we don’t see feel there is a need 
to alter it. Our first quarter was good. Our second quarter, not so good. Let’s see how our third 
quarter and fourth quarter goes. But overall, we will maintain mid to high single-digit guidance 
for volume for India business. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Aditya Soman from Goldman Sachs 
Aditya Soman: 
My first question is on urban growth. Is the slowdown relative? I mean, you have mentioned that 
rural has grown faster than urban, is this largely a function of juices or is there some other sort of 
insight into this? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. For us, rural is trending much ahead of urban. The rural growth is in the range of around 6%, 
whereas urban growth is in the range of 3%. Now, urban growth is low because juices, you are 
rightly saying, are 80%, 90% of the portfolio sales in urban for juices because juices has not fired, 
that’s why urban growth is actually low. If you separate the urban growth into GT, MT and e-
commerce, our e-commerce business has grown by around 63%. Our modern trade is trending 
greater than 6%. Our GT urban, which is more again juice-driven, was almost flat to 1.5% kind of 
growth level. And rural is trending at around 6%-odd, which is very contrary to what the market 
indicates. Market indicates 300 basis points urban growth higher than rural, but I think it’s on back 
of the infrastructure improvement that we have done in rural and adding villages and direct reach 
and building demand in the rural areas. 
Aditya Soman: 
That’s useful. So in rural, basically, you have grown largely as a function of this distribution and 
sort of more product going down the pipeline, right? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Correct. So distribution initiatives, portfolio enhancement and demand generation and activations 
that we do at the rural hinterland levels and the wholesale levels. That’s why we saw that growth 
coming in. 
Aditya Soman: 
And secondly, I think on Oral Care, you answered briefly earlier as well, but are we seeing an 
increased challenge in the recruiting consumers for natural toothpaste relative to Colgate and Lever 
both sort of stepping up on advertising on their own products or is this just a timing issue right 
now with sort of Babool being launched during the quarter? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. I think the overall slowdown is actually impacting Oral Care. I don’t see competitive intensity 
becoming so high that we can’t counter the same. If you actually analyze the business, 30% of the 
total market segment of Oral Care is growing which is herbal, ayurvedic and natural, which is 
growing at 10% and which is where we are a natural beneficiary, and that’s why we see a growth 
of 9.5% in Dabur Red, it being a flagship brand. Competitive intensity is something which was 
there in the past also and which is there now also. So that will continue to happen. But we have 
also stepped up on advertising as also on consumer and trade inputs to match up with the 
competitive intensity. I think more than competitive intensity and matching up by way of 
resources, I think it’s more positioning, more meaning of the product to the consumer, which is 
natural herbal and our products genuinely better than competitors. That’s where we see that we 
will have a edge over our competitors. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Aditya Soman: 
I think just to follow-up on that. I mean, my question was largely on the natural space itself. So 
historically it was just largely a two-player between you and Patanjali. Now we have had Colgate 
and Lever also sort of get more aggressive in that category. So is that impacting growth or you 
think that you just have a much stronger position, so that shouldn’t be a cause of concern? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. We feel we have a much stronger position because Patanjali headwinds have actually abated. 
Patanjali, that used to grow at very high double digit, growth rates have come down to high single-
digit level. And the other multinationals that had herbal, natural, ayurvedic offerings have not 
stood credibility test in the consumers’ mind, so they are not doing so well. So we feel that we are 
in a best position to capitalize this kind of a tailwind of natural herbal positioning. And as our 
market share has gone up by 66 basis points, we are only strengthening our competitive positioning 
in the marketplace, which in the long run will keep us in good stead. 
Harit Kapoor from Investec 
Harit Kapoor: 
This is Harit from Investec. Just 3 questions. Firstly, on the International Business, how do you 
see the growth rates sustaining at this high single, early double-digit levels for the business once 
Nepal comes back? And also, on the margins, you have seen an improvement there. If you could 
just help us with, do you see the margin improvement sustainable as well? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. So Harit, International business, we feel we are in a good place now. We have already turned 
the bend. International business bottomed out last year and after that, we have seen a growth rate. 
And this growth rate, we feel is sustainable because the category growth rates are also now into 
low single digits, which had actually gone down, they were declining. So post the decline in the 
major categories where we are in HPC space in International Business, most of the categories are 
now growing at low single digit. That being said, the market shares in all the categories are growing 
reasonably well. Within the number of countries that we are present in, our GCC business is in a 
better space and GCC is high-margin accretive. So because of country mix, our margins will 
steadily improve, but we cut back on advertising. 
So all the margin improvement that we have due to the country mix and benign raw material and 
commodity prices, we will be plowing it back into the advertising spend to strengthen our position 
in the marketplace. That being said, I think International Business should be trending at mid- to 
high-single-digit sustainable growth rates going forward. And there are lots of bright spots. GCC 
is a very bright spot. Our Nigeria business is, again, growing at more than 20%. Pakistan business 
is doing very well. Egypt business is growing at 10%, and that is sustainable level of sales. The 
Nepal business was impacted by this macro VCTS implementation. I think it should also be back 
in, at best, one more quarter, and then that should also see a growth back. So I don’t see too much 
of issue in International Business, both on margin front and also top line. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Harit Kapoor: 
Very clear, sir. Second question was on the India business. You mentioned in your initial remarks 
that there are no real green shoots that you are seeing on the demand side. My question was more 
on the fact that though there are no green shoots, have you seen demand more or less kind of 
bottoming out at least from a category growth perspective over the last, say, three, four months or 
you have seen a continued slide, which might concern you going forward? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So quarter-on-quarter, we have seen continuing slide. But if you look at month-on-month, maybe 
there is a little bit of bottoming out which has happened, and we feel that the business should -- or 
the category growth rate should trend up going forward. The festive season has not been too bad 
for us. The monsoon has been near-normal and now the winter is also coming in, and we have got 
winter skewed product. So we feel the worst should be behind us, and we should be trending 
upwards from where we are going forward. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Last question was more bookkeeping. On the tax rate side, so I think you mentioned on TV that 
you will look at 17.5% for this year. Just wanted to understand how do you see that, the tax rate 
going forward, when does it start to increase from 17.5%? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Lalit may want to take the question? 
Lalit Malik: 
Sure. So I think what we do expect in lieu of the MAT credit that’s available to us that we will be 
into 17.5% for this fiscal year as well as for next year. And beyond that, we should be somewhere 
between the range of 22% to 24%. As of now we will have to look into how we can minimize that. 
But certainly, till next year, we will be around 17.5% as an effective tax rate for India. 
Prakash Kapadia from Anived PMS 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I had two questions. If I look at our current Q2 EBITDA margins of around 22%, I think these are 
one of the highest margins on a Q2 basis. So going forward, isn’t it better to give some more 
promotions to boost volume growth in these testing times, especially in the Indian context? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. I would agree, Prakash, completely agree with you. So I think this tax rate came in the mid 
of the quarter, otherwise whatever upside that we have because of benign raw material impacting 
prices and renewed tax rate, we would be investing back into our brand building and would give a 
guidance, so maintaining our margins with no urge to increase our margins, but to maintain our 
margins at the level where they are and invest the money into our advertising, brand building, 
consumer trade, to shore up volumes and our market positioning here. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And typically in a slowdown, would promotions work better or not necessarily? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. Promotions definitely work better because now with consumers the entire market is fighting 
for a limited share of wallet of the consumer, so the competitive intensity goes up. And when the 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
competitive intensity goes up, now the trade has to be lubricated better because trade has limited 
amount of money, either you invest in company A or company B. Whoever offers the better 
lubrication to the trade, he is the one who is able to push the stock in the marketplace. So I think 
trade promotions work there. And when the share of wallet of the consumer shrinks, consumer 
also seeks better value and, therefore, consumer promotions also work much better than  
advertising. So that’s what exactly what we have done. If you look at our advertising growth rate, 
it’s almost flat, around 0.8% level, and our trade spends have gone up by 15% and our consumer 
spends have gone up by 50% in the India business. So we will continue to steer on the path of 
higher consumer and trade. And if there are surplus funds available, then we will invest behind 
building demand and advertising. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure. And secondly, you know on the Babool relaunch, is there availability and reach? Why I am 
you know trying to understand this, especially in Western India, a lot of stores say brand is not 
available, it is short, so have we done the relaunch of Babool? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So we have not done a relaunch of Babool. We have launched a new product called Babool 
Ayurvedic and that’s also a selective launch. We have rolled it out in North India. East, West and 
South, the brand is not present. We are seeing how it performs before we make it national. So in 
the North India, also we are now going to be advertising it. Wherever we place it, we want the 
demand and the traction and the repeat purchase to happen before we roll it out nationally and 
increase the reach and distribution. It’s actually both ways. The more you build demand, the more 
people demand, and your distribution also picks up, so it’s a chicken and egg here. We don’t want 
to place the product in outlets and the demand is not there and then the product comes back. It is 
better that we have slow trending revenue ramp up rather than immediate ramp up and then you 
know repeat is not happening. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure. And lastly on Dabur Red, so the market share is happening or Western or Northern part of 
India? And I guess rural would be still be a very low contribution to Dabur Red? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, you are right. Rural is a low contributor to Dabur Red because we very recently augmented 
the capacity for low unit price points and accessible price points in Dabur Red, but we have started 
this from the second half of last year. We have augmented our capacities for low unit price points 
and accessible Rs. 10 price points, which is now going in a dispenser form to the retail outlets. 
This is also enabling distribution there. So rural distribution is limited. And the market share gains 
are majorly in North India and that too through urban at the moment, but a huge headroom for 
growth in the rural. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And anything on Red Gel, it’s been quite some while we have launched it. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. We launched it. The brand has not been received very well in the marketplace, so we are in 
the process of revamping our entire mix. The feedback from the market initially wasn’t great, so 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
we are in the process of relaunching and repositioning, the entire marketing mix is being reworked 
and the team is working on the same. 
Shirish P from Centrum 
Shirish P: 
Just a few questions. We have spoken last time when we met, you said the Health Care, Health 
Supplement segment is driven by wholesale. So I was more keen that what’s happened in 
wholesale because we incrementally listen that wholesale is collapsed, wholesale is not working. 
So would you have any thoughts what’s wholesale is shipping up, it has gone out of the business? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So wholesale has not gone out of business. Wholesale contribution to the business is still in 
the range of around 30%, 33% of our business happens through wholesale. Wholesale growths are 
muted. Wholesale growth will be in the range of around 3-odd percentage point level. So it’s not 
out and about. Unorganized wholesale are the two types of wholesale, one is a consuming 
wholesaler and one is a broking wholesaler. The consuming wholesaler is still there and they’ve 
got redistribution. The ones who used to broke the deal, take the goods from you at a vapor-thin 
margin they, will be redistribute to others. They are kind of working on low margins and with GST 
coming in, that fraternity has actually got shrunk. 
But now we have reached a new normal. That being said, I think wholesale is growing. And our 
health care dependence is, yes, it’s through wholesale, but also it’s through direct reach. We 
already reached to more than 2 lakh chemist outlets directly. So that reach is available with the 
company and the balance distribution happens through the wholesale. So I would not say that 
wholesale is out and about. The growths are muted. And yes, the channel got shrunk. But when 
the channel gets shrunk, there are big large wholesalers who are the ones who are feeding to rural, 
and in the rural we are reaching out to villages directly. In urban, we are reaching out to chemist 
outlets directly and we targeted ourselves to reach out to the chemist outlets directly. As we speak, 
we have increased the number of chemist outlets by around 12,000 in the last quarter. We are 
reaching out to 235,000 chemist outlets going forward and we will consistently increase the 
numbers going forward. 
Shirish P: 
When I visited marketplaces across, I have seen that there is a new term, which is coined, which 
is organized wholesale, so likes of cash and carry, likes of METROs and Walmarts and Bookers 
and these all, so these are also penetrating. Is that helping us in terms of parallel wholesaling where 
the traditional wholesale is not growing to that speed? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. I think it’s early days yet. But to your point, with a new ecosystem of these wholesalers which 
has emerged, even the e-commerce platforms like Big Bazaar, Amazon, Grofers, now they’ve also 
launched their wholesale verticals and -- which is called B2B wholesale. So earlier Amazon used 
to be a B2C platform, now there is a B2B also, and Big Basket also has B2B. If you look at our e-
commerce growth, I think we have grown by around 60 percentage points. I think a couple of 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
percentage points also come from this wholesale channel. Besides the e-commerce portals who 
have launched their wholesale businesses, which are going to substitute the regular wholesale and 
we are working with them very closely. There are other players which are private equity funded, 
who have come up, which are also a variety of the wholesale, which is may not be a really a cash 
and carry like a METRO and others, but they are also reaching out to the retail directly, the types 
of Udaan and others. So we are working with them very closely and partnering with them to see 
how we can capitalize on their infrastructure, which is reaching out to retail outlets, which we 
don’t service directly. But when they do the same, we have to be very cautious on the price parity 
that you maintain between the wholesale, these new emerging channels and also to the regular 
stockist channel, so that we are very mindful of. So even if the need arises, we cut back on the 
orders in order to maintain the pricing equilibrium in the marketplace. 
Shirish P: 
See, Mohit, the reason why I’m asking is that if I look at this change, which has happened post 
GST and demonetization, this number was 50 outlets, which has now already gone up to 150 to 
200. And this, they are talking about a big expansion likes of Siam Makro in Delhi, which is LOTS. 
If we look at Walmart has expansion plans, Reliance Market has expansion plans. So do you think 
this channel is very important in the absence of wholesale? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So whether absence of wholesale or not absence of wholesale, this channel is definitely very 
important because if you look at other countries, besides developing countries, where the channel 
is very well developed. Cash and carry contribution today is in the range of around 3% to 4%, and 
we are committed to be developing this channel. The only caveat here is that this channel leads to 
a lot of price disturbances because when you supply, they expect very high DUs, which are higher 
than your regular wholesale. And when you give them and honor them with those deals, it 
infiltrates into my regular market and it upsets my almost 30% of the market. Imagine, 3% of the 
market disturbing 30% of the market. So we hold back on the orders that we take. So with 
maintaining pricing discipline, this channel is definitely something which is a sunrise and we will 
continue to engage with them going forward. 
Shirish P: 
I completely agree, and this is the point which I wanted to raise. While doing our field trips, we 
found this is the disturbance which is happening. So my comment what I am expecting from you, 
right now the saliency is just 3%. But if this channel is going to cater to the ultimate traditional 
trade and on the other side, we are finding it difficult to find out distributors in the large metros, 
so how are you going to tackle this? Because though it is emerging, so it is important. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So absolutely. So what’s happening is now Reliance is also getting into platforms, like e-commerce 
along, with the cash and carry, along with the retail model, we are working very closely with them. 
So you are rightly saying that this will over a period of time take a significant share from the 
wholesale business. And it’s good for us that we engage with them and this helps us to filter our 
products even though we are not available. So, did I answer your questions? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Shirish P: 
Sir, last point on this. What is the margins we offer to these alternative channels? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, we maintain margin parity across our channels, be it distributor, wholesaler, e-commerce or 
modern trade, because we are very sensitive on the pricing discipline, unlike other companies 
because they are sunrise channels and they would want to engage with them, they will do annual 
DOTs and, therefore, offer high margins. We maintain a nondiscriminatory policy when it comes 
to margins and pricing across all channels. 
Shirish P: 
Okay. All right. Just last one question on Oral Care, I mean we have discussed it so much. You 
said that the herbal, ayurvedic and natural is growing almost 30% of the portfolio, 10% plus it’s 
growing. So which segment is declining? Is the low price pack declining? Which segment? I mean, 
I fail to understand why the category is declining because if you look at the exit number of 
September, the category has declined? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Correct. So therefore the herbal and natural segment, around 30% of the total market, which is 
growing at 10%. So the balance part of 70% of the market segment is the one which is declining. 
Now how to subsegment that market of 70%, either on price points, I don’t think it’s the price 
point. So high price would be declining definitely, but the low price would be growing, I would 
imagine. But the segmentation should not be just done basis the price point. It has to be done basis 
the product and the usage. Now Gel market, to me, I think low price gels would be growing, high 
price gels would be declining. Calcium carbonate white toothpaste should be declining. Herbal 
players are the ones that are growing. Low price white players who would be increasing penetration 
would be growing. High packs of white would be declining. Sensitive and more benefit-oriented 
players would be growing, and more generic calcium carbonate would be declining. So there could 
be several cuts of segmentation that you can do in Oral Care in the 70% of the market to provide 
that segmentation. So pricing, I don’t think is the right segmentation variable to cut the market in 
these subsegments. 
Rahul Ranade from Goldman Sachs 
Rahul Ranade: 
Sir, just one question. Wanted to know how the gift pack business has done for us since, I think, 
most of it would have come in this quarter since the festivals were earlier. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. The gift pack business essentially came in October for us and it has done reasonably well. So 
when I talked about little green shoots in our business, I mentioned Foods business was a gift pack 
business. So gift pack has done well. So Diwali gift pack has done reasonably all right. Outside of 
gift pack, the other business is what is very sluggish for us. That being said, if you look at segment-
wise reporting, our margins have also gone down in the Foods business. That is on account of the 
gift packs, which are little margin dilutive to the regular business. 
Rahul Ranade: 
Okay. But most of it came in October here, you are saying, is it? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. Most of it came game in the October. Diwali was end of October 27th. There was a marginal 
loading, which would have happened in the month of September. I think majority happened in the 
month of October only for us. 
Percy Panthaki from India Infoline 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, Percy again. Just one follow-up on the tax rate, which has already been asked, but I just wanted 
to know the ETR for the consol business, not just the standalone, if you could provide that? And 
also secondly, the ETR which comes in the P&L is one thing, but how much will the tax be in 
terms of the cash flow basis? 
Lalit Malik: 
Well, I think whatever we have talked in terms of the cash flow is the one that we paid on account 
of effective MAT rate. On account of consolidation, again, the rate that you see here in this quarter 
is around 12.3% or so. But this has got a very different country mix, wherein if you look at our 
Dubai business, it is nontaxable, but if you look at U.S., it is taxable. So a lot depends upon the 
profit mix of a country that we have. However, for this quarter, if you look at it, it is around 12.3%. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My question was more on a full year basis. Quarter, I can understand there will be a lot of volatility 
and there is adjustment of Q1 also. But for a full year FY20 and FY21 and then FY22 onwards, 
what will be the ETR on a consol basis? 
Lalit Malik: 
Sure. So I will first tell you on a standalone basis, which I said earlier. It is going to be 17.5% for 
this fiscal year as well as for the next fiscal year. And going forward, it appears to be between 22% 
to 24%. However, we are working out to see what are the opportunities available to optimize that 
further. As far as the consolidation is concerned, on an annualized basis, we should be somewhere, 
if you look at in the past, we were around 18% to 20% on a consolidation basis. But again, it will 
depend upon the country mix, how it is going to pan out. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. And the tax rate that we see in the P&L versus the tax rate as per the cash flow, will it be 
the same? 
Lalit Malik: 
That’s right. So that’s what I said, because what we are doing is with regard to this effective MAT 
rate, that’s where we pay, it may have some adjustment on account of TDS that is being deducted, 
etc. But at a very, very broad level, it is in line with what we see as a charge in the P&L. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. So on a consolidated basis, in the P&L, you are likely to see around 20% for the next two 
years. And even after 2022, it will be at 20% only or after 2022, it will increase? 
Lalit Malik: 
So just to clarify again that when we talk about next two years, because my standalone will come 
down to around 17.5%, in the past. I said we were around 20%, 21% in consolidated in the past, 
but now it will be lower than 20%, 21% on a consolidated basis. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
November 05, 2019 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. In the P&L itself, okay. 
Lalit Malik: 
That’s right. On account of the payment part of it, I said that as far as India is concerned, we pay 
whatever is the effective MAT rate, there would be some adjustment that would happen on account 
of TDS and there is also an element of deferred tax at times that we provide. So that’s a incremental 
thing that at times we have to consider the deferred tax also, which appears in the annual accounts 
as a separate line item. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So in the ETR guidance that you are giving, the ETR in the P&L, you are not considering deferred 
tax as part of that? 
Lalit Malik: 
No. We do factor that in also. So 17.5% plus deferred tax, if we will take it, it will be somewhere 
around 1%, 1.5% effectively, that may be there. But that again depends on what is my 
capitalization, what is my depreciation difference, et cetera. So somewhere if you want to take as 
guideline, I would say you take 17.5% for India; for consol, you take below 20%, somewhere in 
line with 17%, 18%. So for this we can get... 
Percy Panthaki: 
And this includes deferred tax charges also in the P&L? 
Lalit Malik: 
That’s right. It will include deferred tax also. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay, sir. And the same FY22 and onwards, I should take an increase, right? 
Lalit Malik: 
FY21, FY22 onwards, you should take an increase. The reason for that is that we would have 
utilized our MAT credit that is available to us by next fiscal year. But having said that, we will 
still be below 25%, which is the threshold if we don’t factor in all the incentives that are available 
to us considering that tax exemption in Himachal that we had and at the same time with Northeast 
states, et cetera, that we have. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for participating in this conference call. A webcast recording of 
the call and transcript will be put up on our website soon. If you have any further queries, please 
do get in touch with us. Thank you and have a nice evening ahead. 
 
