03rd February 2020
Dear Sirs,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Q3 FY20 results
This is further to our intimation dated 28th January 2020 pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, regarding the
conference call to discuss the Q3 FY20 Financial performance of the Company.
The transcript of the conference call held on Friday, January 31, 2020 is enclosed for your
reference and records.
Thanking you.
Yours faithfully,
For Orient Green Power Company Limited
P Srinivasan
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl: as above
The BSE Limited
Corporate Relations Department,
P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400 001.
Scrip Code: 533263
The National Stock Exchange
of India Limited
Department of Corporate Services,
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Mumbai-400 051.
Scrip Code:  GREENPOWER

Page 1 of 9
Orient Green Power
Q3 FY20 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
January 31, 2020
Moderator:
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the Orient Green Power Q3
FY20 Earnings Conference Call. . I would now like to hand the conference over to
Mr. Suraj Digawalekar from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Suraj Digawalekar:
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome all of you to Orient Green Power Company
Limited Earning Call to discuss the performance for the quarter and 9 months
ended December 31st, 2019. We have with us today Mr. S. Venkatachalam -- CEO
and Managing Director and Mr. K. V. Kasturi – the Chief Financial Officer. Before
we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today’s
discussion maybe forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and
uncertainties. Document relating to our financial performance were email to all of
you earlier and have also been posted on our corporate website. I would now like
to hand over the floor to Mr. S. Venkatachalam. Thank you and over to you, sir.
S. Venkatachalam:
A very good afternoon to all of you and I would like to begin and we are saying that
we are glad to announce that we have a PBT of Rs.378 lakh for the 9 month ended
December 2019 and this is despite the fact that if you recall that we had talked
about overall that this was a subdued wind year. Now if you recall that H1 we had
lower by about 5.6 crore units and this was made a partly in fact significantly in Q3
where we had about 1.6 crore unit extra and overall, we have got a shortfall of
about 4 crore units as far as the 9 month period is concerned.
Overall, the turnover difference would have been a lot more, but then the REC
actually kind of reduced the gap because the REC for the 9 month period traded at
an average of Rs.1,584 as against Rs.1,161 for the corresponding period in the
previous year. In fact for the third quarter the REC is traded at 1,769 as against
1,248 in the previous year and this REC difference almost made up by about Rs.11
crore for the 9 month period and thereby restricting the shortfall in the revenue and
the EBITDA by about Rs.10 crore as compared to previous year, but then with the
finance cost reducing by about Rs.39 crore thanks mainly to the group support by
waving the interest component, we now reported PBT positive of Rs. 38 million
over the 9 month period for the continuing operations.
Now coming to the overall business scenario as far as renewable are concerned if
you recall about 3 years back competitive bidding was the most disruptive packet
introduced about 3 years back and then since then that has been the norms for all
the bidders to take part in and participate in various contracts for both wind and
solar segments. This competitive bidding in fact took the prices down to levels of
Rs. 2.43 paisa as far as the wind is concerned and Rs. 2. 44 paisa as far as the
solar is concerned of course in this it is predominantly I would say apart from the

Page 2 of 9
Government taking initiatives to introduce competitive bidding it was the bidders to
blame because they themselves quoted these kind of very low rates.
Now taking a cue from this particular competitive bidding, the success of
competitive bidding the Government started floating more tenders so as to be able
to achieve their 175 Gw target which they had set for themselves by 2022, but the
thing was the government introduced caps on all the competitive bidding various
competitive bids that were floated by the Solar Energy Corporation of India (SECI)
and various other State Governments.
Now the caps over a period of time have acted deterrent because even the
previous rates that people had quoted at even Rs. 2.70 paisa or close to Rs. 3 in
fact one of the tenders in Tamil Naidu has Rs. 3.42 paisa most of them have not
been able to achieve financial closure they have had issues with respect to getting
funds from the banks, their issues in Gujarat with site availability and various other
issues because of which most of the projects are lying incomplete well beyond the
due date of their completion and in fact as a consequence of this they have
ordered a few Government’s which were threatening to revisit the PPAs because
they said the regulators determined tariffs were far too high when compared to
what the bidders themselves had quoted in the range of Rs. 2.43 paisa to level of
about Rs.2.75.
So this went on for a little while and that died down because the regulators and the
various state Government realized that they cannot carry this forward, but then in
the last year on the Andhra Pradesh Government started this particular exercise all
over again. They started challenging the bids or the determined tariff at Rs. 4.70
and Rs. 4.80 which was set by the previous Government and they started
challenging this and they said that it should not be more than Rs. 2.43 paisa and
they stopped all the payments to the various wind energy and solar energy
developers. This obviously set back numerous investors who had put their I mean
Wind mills in the state of Andhra Pradesh and the payments were also pending for
a long time. Obviously the various investors and the associations went to the high
court and the high court finally give an interim order saying that you know at least if
you are saying Rs.2.44 then you should start paying a Rs. 2.44 paisa and
subsequently we will come up with the final hearing and actually speaking PPA is a
sacrosanct document, it is a sovereign document and if even one state revisits it or
even if a high court gives an order in the favor of any of the states obviously it will
set off chain reaction various other states.
So we are confident and there is no way that the PPA can be revisited by various
State Governments, so it is only a matter of time that the Government is posed to
recognize the previous PPA which are being signed with the Andhra Pradesh
Government. As a result of this interim order we did get some amount of payment
from AP, but some amount of payment is still expected from them and in fact even
these payments were actually funded by the Central Government who are very
keen that the State government should not default on the payments to the various
developers. Some funding is arranged from the IREDA and this was taken forward
and some payments were made of course we are expecting some more payments
to come in the next couple of months after by which time the entire order will be
coming from the court upholding the PPA sign tariff.
Overall, apart from this there are few positives which I would like to state the
Government are taking numerous initiatives seeing the kind of lackluster bids even
the large bids which couple of weeks back the government had put a cap of Rs.
2.93 paisa and there was no bidding on that particular bid for the wind energy
segment. The Government has also recognized the fact that the bidders are unable

Page 3 of 9
to ask the developers or unable to continue the operations because of huge delays
in payments from the various discoms. At least as far as the thermal sector is
concerned in Tamil Naidu they have forced the Tamil Naidu TANGEDCO to open
LCs in fact number of other states are also following soon and are opening LCs for
the thermal sector and soon there will be forced to open LCs for the wind and solar
sectors as well.
In fact the state Government has threatened this is the various state Government
that they will stop funds to the states and kind of they are putting a pressure on
them. It is like very much like the pressure that they put on the REC trading itself
because of which you can see the result of the REC trading, they are trading well
above our in fact you may recall that the government had revised a rates of REC to
the Rs. 1,000 based at the floor, but the RECs are as I mentioned in the 9 months’
period as traded at an average of Rs.1,584 which was above the Rs.1,500 which
was earlier trading when the trades were not really happening when the obligations
were not being fulfilled by the various states.
Now with enforcement of the obligations, RECs are trading well in fact the large
session of REC was traded in the two exchanges at Rs. 2,100 and 2,200
respectively. So this bodes well and I am sure that these all these issues I am once
again confident that these will be issues of the past and the payments will come
and once the payments come as I have been saying we will be in a position to
refinance because until we come on regular terms with the banks without having
any delay we are likely I mean the other banks may not take up the case of
refinancing and definitely there is a scope for huge interest reduction. We have
talked to various banks, but they are saying just come regular and then we will take
up your case. So with this I would like to leave you with a positive note saying that
we have had a profitable 9 month period and with issues and the Central
Government taking huge amount of measures to ensure compliances by the
various states. It is only a matter of time when things will look up further. Thank you
so much.
Over to Kasturi who will take you through the financials.
KV. Kasturi:
Thank you Mr. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on our
earnings call. I will briefly run through our financial performance for the year under
review post which we can start the Q&A sessions.
Starting with the top line the total income for the quarter stood at Rs.43 crore as
against the Rs.34 crore reported during Q3 FY19 higher by 26%. Growth was
largely owing to higher unit generation on the back of steady wind patterns. On a
nine month basis the same stood at from Rs.273 crore as against Rs.283 crore
previous year. As most of you are aware that FY20 on a whole has had a relatively
benign wind season which in turn impacted our H1 performance. This quarter
performance has helped us to potentially recoup the gap in units related this year
versus last year. Although, we are still lower by 4 crore units from 5 crore 5.5 crore
at the start of the quarter and had it not been there we would have been able to
maintain our regular run rate and clocking a solid operational performance.
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.22 crore as against Rs.11 crore garnered
during corresponding period last year.
Ona nine month basis though EBITDA remained largely stable stood 206 crore
against Rs. 210 crore generated during nine month in the FY19. Depreciation for
the quarter stood at Rs.29 crore as against Rs.27 crore Q3 FY19. On a nine month
basis related to the same at Rs.86 crore. Interest outgo for the quarter is Rs.38

Page 4 of 9
crore as against Rs.48 crore reported Q3 FY19 while on a nine month basis
interest expense stood at Rs.116 crore as against Rs.115 crore outgo during nine
month FY19 lower by 23%. We have been working diligently towards reducing of
the debt in this year. We have been successfully lowering our debt over the last 5
years we even exited loss-making biomass business utilized part and profits from
its reducing our debt. Our discussions with the banker are progressing well, we
hope to say we will fructify in lowering our interest cost and in turn help us who is
cash flow and liquidity fund. To conclude I would like to reiterate what Mr.
Venkatachalam spoke earlier we believe that the sectors fundamentals are very
strong. The near term challenges will get address in a short term. Government’s
focus on increasing the share of green energy in the overall country mix coupled
with our strategic initiatives position us well and create value for our stakeholders.
Thank you.
Moderator:
We take the first question from the line of Manish Bukshi Individual Investor.
Manish Bukshi:
Can you please explain to me what exactly is this profit and loss from discontinued
operations?
KV. Kasturi:
Yeah continuing operations is nothing, but our wind operations and discontinued
operation basically the biomass operations still small operation still there that is the
discontinued operations.
Manish Bukshi:
And when do we expect this to become zero?
KV. Kasturi:
Because we are in the process of exiting all biomass units and in the process of
disposal maybe in another I think two quarters 31st June end we should be able to
come out of the entire thing.
Manish Bukshi:
And what changed in current quarter that will be posted a profit in this discontinued
operation?
S. Venkatachalam:
See basically as I had explained one is despite the lower wind that we had the
main difference is the interest cost reduction by about Rs.39 crore largely
supported by interest waiver from the Group because there is a group loan sitting
in the books which over the last few quarters they have waved the interest so that
makes because that Group loan in any case you are not paying this particular lot of
the interest part of it because it is subservient to the bank loans that we have had
the Rs.1,100 crore across the various SPVs. So the group has decided to wave the
interest component of that though the loan is still sitting in the book. The interest
component has been waved so we are not accumulating any further interest as far
as the Group loan is concerned and we are not been repaying them also over the
last so many years we have not repaid them.
Manish Bukshi:
And of the total AP discom dues what is the total and how much have we received
as of now?
S. Venkatachalam:
See the total was about Rs.56 crore and we received about Rs.16 crore and in the
process of receiving some more. So the outstanding as on date is about Rs.40
crore that is left with us.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Benny John, Individual Investor.
Please go ahead.

Page 5 of 9
Benny John:
Sir, just wanted to know why the Key Managerial holding in the Company
relatively low?
S. Venkatachalam:
I would like to take on this and answer this see basically if you see over the last few
years we have had various issues which we have been talking about I mean
definitely the sector was very promising for the initial stages and also they are
again looking to revise this sector over a period of because the Government has
realized that things are kind of challenging for the various investors in this particular
sector and they are looking at a 175 Gw target and there are areas where they are
even talking about 450 Gw those are very far-fetched ambitions. So even if the
sector goes to about 125 or 130 Gw by 2022 it is still a very promising outlook for
the next couple of years at least. Now what has gone wrong over the last few years
first and foremost the grid background was a big issue which really set us back by
about Rs.200, Rs.300 crore, Rs.250 to Rs.300 crore in Tamil Naidu were
consecutive 4 years they were not able to evacuate till they mastered the entire
thing along with help from the various associations and the wind developers itself in
Tamil Naidu by doing a scheduling and forecasting by strengthening the grid itself
in the Tamil Naidu regions when the wind from the wind rich areas to the
consuming areas then sale of power outside the state and also lot of effort from the
associations of bringing people from Europe to educate them as to how they are
able to take more power from wind and solar into their grid and so all these have
helped in Tamil Naidu evacuating about 95% of the wind and solar power in the
state as against for a few years it was about 60%.
Now having said that then okay we also had a biomass business where the
Government were pretty unsupportive in terms of tariff increases when the fuel
prices were going up. So as a prudent measure we exited the biomass business to
come out of this particular area. In fact when the wind business was very low the
RECs were also trading at one point in time were about Rs.80 crore of REC in our
stocks and thereby impacting our cash flows very heavily. The Mgt. if you really
see they have really bailed us out, they have overall invested about Rs.700 crore in
fact the loan book itself will find about with the interest about Rs.444 crore is sitting
is as far as group loan are concerned which clearly shows I will not comment on
the individual shareholders which is a personal thing, but group has funded this
much amount that is where you find the group loans, internal loans company itself
is sitting on the books which they have bailed us out each time. We were not able
to pay the banks they have made us out and over the last 7 or 8 quarters they have
waved the interest component also.
So if you really see the intrinsic value of the share is far higher in fact because
there are certain like IDBI was selling the last couple of quarters they have their
own pressures, so they were exiting for their own reasons. I think they still have a
little bit they may just off load some more shares. So that was putting us kind of a
self-pressure on the market itself and this I mean obviously they have got their own
reasons, and this obviously creates a lot of problems as far as the investor
sentiments is concerned. You would find similar things happened with IDBI and
even Suzlon and other shares are going through the downturn. Now it is only a
matter of time see the Government has taken very stringent measures over the last
couple of months they have realized that there are no people no longer bidding
because they have lost interest in the sector. So they have mandated the payment
they are really putting a lot of pressure probably I would not expect some little bit of
announcements tomorrow in the budget as far as renewable sector is concerned
because it is really seem that this is beginning to take a backseat and the discoms
are the ones the culprits apart from the bidders themselves which I said they are
bidding too low.

Page 6 of 9
Now all this I mean if you see the intrinsic value of the shares our own share is not
definitely Rs. 2
Benny John:
That is the only reason why I am holding on to this that is the only reason why I am
holding on to this. I do not have any further amount to invest I cannot buy. I have
averaged out at 7, 8 all this things I have done, but there is no way of exit.
S. Venkatachalam:
See if you also take when they calculate the share price they also take the Group
loan into account which really speaking I mean it is kind of waved only if you really.
So basically the external loan of Rs.1,100 crore is what really matters which we
have to repay I mean when you look at the I mean shareholding the EBITDA
multiplied by whatever 7x- 8x whatever factor you want to put minus these really
speaking the external loan is what needs to be taken into account.
Benny John:
That you have been trying last many quarters I have been hearing this, but the
progress has been slow, why is that?
S. Venkatachalam:
See basically I mean each time when you want to refinance also I mean now the
issue is that of Andhra payment. Now I am sure the next couple of months the
Andhra payments also will become a thing of the past because the power minister
whom we keep talking to he is saying that we will solve this because this is setting
back the sentiments of the renewable energy investors across the country.
Benny John:
See that thing is out of your hand because that is a political thing that I can
understand?
KV Kasturi:
See hopefully this external factors like both the pricing level and at the discom level
definitely that issues will be definitely addressed. We are hoping that in next 3 to 6
months’ time because all the efforts are on because today there is no attraction for
anybody to invest in renewable power because of this dues on tariff and also the
discom nonpayment of dues. So I think there will be some sort of conflict which
was expected to happen in the next 3 months to 6 months timeframe and some
quality level will be decision taken. Probably one is private distribution all those
things will happen today because of the monopoly of the state discoms so that
some sort of arm-twisting is happening and a lot of are freebies are happening. All
these are putting lot of inefficiency on the system. So thereby causing lot of
deficit
in the system. So there are lot of opportunities are there no doubt because people
are hoping that the consumptions will keep going up every year, every quarter. So
definitely there is a great scope especially on the renewable today we are only
hardly around 10% of overall power generation is renewable power. We are
targeting as a country; we are targeting our 23% to 25% in the next 3 to 4 year
timeframe.
Benny John:
For power demand has it picked up because last 2, 3 months there has been.
KV. Kasturi:
That has been around 5% to 6%.
S. Venkatachalam:
Basically the power demand over the last few months have actually gone down if
you look at that because the industrial growth has not happened and the prices the
government is quite concerned I mean earlier they used to brush it away saying
that there is no problem, but if go to the visit their center that is at Delhi at the
MNRE and the power ministry itself you will find that we are really concerned by
the thing chain of events which have happened especially in the renewable sector
and because it is also felt subject to the prime minister in fact he has made some
statement saying that we will definitely address these issues and we cannot allow

Page 7 of 9
these kind of things to happen in the State Government to take operate the way
they want as far as nonpaying the people, not recognizing the need for growth in
the renewable sector and so on and so forth.
Benny John:
So this year some magic should work out?
S. Venkatachalam:
Hopefully we ourselves are very optimistic on that and we wish along with you that
all these magic work out really.
Moderator:
We take the next question from the line of Manish Bukshi Individual Investor.
Manish Bukshi:
I have a couple of questions the first one is do we have any update on when is the
expected supreme court hearing on the money that is lying on the escrow account
regarding the REC which was sold at 1,500 went into escrow?
S. Venkatachalam:
Yeah it was listed for January, but then again it has got push down the road
probably February is when they next date of hearing. I do not have the exact date,
but it was pushed to February as far as I know and we are waiting because that
judgment has to come we are quite confident that it will happen and it has to come
in our favor because anyway the REC are trading above 1,500 which is what it was
parked at and secondly this is equivalent to what Andhra is doing to there actually
going back on original old PPAs similarly this is our old REC you cannot go back
on something which is promised and our argument with the courts has been saying
that you are going back on an old REC and it is because your inability to enforce
the RPO the renewable power obligations there it is stuck. It is now that they are
enforcing their renewable power obligations now we are seeing the price discovery
at much higher levels than the floor prices, but you cannot hold back something
because you did not reinforce it. So basically people who are and those who have
bought REC in the past even the few who are buying in that time they are being
penalized. So that is our argument I mean unfortunately it is getting kick down the
road month after month. So we are just hoping that the associations also trying to
push it as part and parcel.
Manish Bukshi:
And what is the amount that stuck there?
S. Venkatachalam:
See basically from our point of view as far as the wind business is concerned about
Rs.23 crore there is a little bit stuck in the biomass business also, but right now we
are concerned of the wind business as far as OGPL is concerned which is about
Rs.23 crore, escrow is with the central regulator.
Manish Bukshi:
The next question is regarding the debt from promoters and the interest that they
have been bearing off, is there any indication of them converting this debt into
equity and if yes and at what price will it happen because will it at par or current
price of Rs. 2?
S. Venkatachalam:
I mean there have been discussions at various levels, but right now it is not the
opportune movement I mean because there has been some offloading from IDBI
and all that which I was mentioning about. So at this point in time it may not be
prudent in fact they were considering it quite some time back, but then at this point
in time it is not the opportune movement, but they are looking at converting this at
some point in time or the other subject to all the rules and regulations of the SEBI.
Manish Bukshi:
And we also have many other large shareholders like I think the last equity was
issued to SREI Infrastructure at Rs. 12 or something and even Edelweiss fund has
a stake and they bought it at 14. So that it is a Rs. 2 to these large investors show

Page 8 of 9
interest in trying to know more about the prospects of the company so that they can
probably average out their holdings and increase their stake?
S. Venkatachalam:
See they have been continuously monitoring and talking to us see the SREI part of
it was basically it was they had restructured a loan and the couple of years back we
booked a Rs.16 crore profit by the restructuring I mean we wrote back Rs.16 crore
not a profit I mean we wrote back Rs.16 crore and Rs.10 crore was converted into
equity as part of this thing because they were also hopeful that the renewable
sector will definitely look up. Unfortunately, the turnover from the last one year has
set back the share prices and they are also quite worried and they are monitoring
the sector very closely and we can only hope that they get back at least their
returns and they are also as far as price as concerned they are also under a little
bit of stress to recover the amounts from various from their investment. Similarly
Edelweiss also we are in talks with them in they are also concerned about the
same thing, but they also know that at some point in time things will improve and
get back to normal. So they are also on a wait and watch kind of things.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Suraj Digawalekar from CDR India.
Suraj Digawalekar:
So just a quick one on RECs do we expect the momentum in REC to stay in FY21
also?
S. Venkatachalam:
Yeah basically if you see the obligation itself needs to be fulfilled and year-on-year
the RPO obligations of each state is increasing. So now what happens as far as
the Q3 and Q4 is when the REC pick up to the maximum because the number of
REC available in the market because it is not a great season. There is a shortage
in number of RECs but the demand picks up because everybody is trying to fulfill
their obligations by March that is why we saw a trade at Rs.2,100 and Rs.2,200
and maybe it may even go up in February and March, but the availability of REC
even at our end or at the end of various other obligated entities I mean the REC
certificate supply itself maybe on the lower side, but going forward I see a similar
trend continuing at least Rs. 1,500 and above because the available of RECs they
have not been so much improvement in terms of the number of wind mills or solar
which though the bids have happened if I see more or less just increase marginally
if not increased so much. I would still see the pressure on the REC continuing and
the obligations are only increasing year-on-year by 50 to 100 basis point year-on-
year.
Suraj Digawalekar:
And one last one FY21 assuming we have a let us say average wind season also
because this year was a bit soft assuming if not good if we have an average wind
season do we see the operational performance staying as it is or do we anticipate
even more profitability because of 9 months also if you look at it the core
operations has been good and as you have been also indicating that the
Government has also been taking efforts towards the discom clearing their
outstanding and all and with REC staying good FY21 should ideally be good for us
assuming an average wind year for us?
S. Venkatachalam:
Yeah so basically even a very preliminary indication that this is going to be a good
monsoon year, but it is very preliminary I will not comment on that it is only a
newspaper report based on certain weather pattern they observe in the month of
January, February. So we are hoping it is a good rain year and it is subsequently I
mean as a result of which it could be a good wind year as well. which bodes well
for us even if we get about 5, 6 crore extra in terms of the number of units it is
definitely be a profitable year for us so 5, 6 crore units translates to an average
price of it is about Rs. 4.5 to Rs. 5 which we are having with the various discom

Page 9 of 9
and Tamil Naidu as well. We are looking at something like Rs.25 crore - Rs.30
crore straight which hit the bottom line itself and will be discontinuing operations
and the interest rate reduction is another thing which we are looking at. It would be
only one or two quarters online as far as the interest rate is concerned it is coming
regular with the bank and we have been promised by the Government bank the
PFC power finance corporation, IREDA, the Rural Electrification Corporation REC
and so on and so forth. So that definitely would see percentage point would
separately impact the bottom line as far as the interest rate by about 25 to 30 crore.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Manish Bukshi an individual investor.
Manish Bukshi:
Just continuing on the RECs in the last couple of years we have seen that in Q3,
Q4 the price is about 20%, 30% higher than Q1, Q2, so as we thought about
maybe not liquidating them in Q1, Q2 and doing that in Q3, Q4?
S. Venkatachalam:
Yeah that temptation always is there in fact to hold on and then offload the last
quarter, but with the pressure from the banks we are doing our very best to stay
afloat in terms of our SMA1 or SMA2 that is 60 days, 90 days window with the
banks. So with that pressure it is very difficult to hold on when there is a cash flow
situation mainly created by Andhra have we been a regular you see about couple
of years back Andhra was in a 30 day payment term and over a period of time they
have gone beyond the one year period, had that money available with us probably
we would have experimented with these saying that okay I will not sell this month I
will sell next month and you know it is always tempting to do so with on a
speculative basis, but today we are in that position to do that.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now
like to hand the conference back to the management for closing comments.
S. Venkatachalam:
Thank you very much and I am glad all of you had some very good questions and I
think pertinent questions and I can see the concerns even before the share price
that we are currently trading at and I can see the concerns overall as far as the
wind industry is concerned, but I was only I started off my presentation by talking
about the overall nine months we have reported a Rs.3.7 crore positive as far as
the bottom line is concerned and going forward the Government has taken a very
serious note at least the Central Government has taken a very serious note of the
happening and the wiggling kind of interest that I have been exhibited by various
bidders in the last couple of bids. So they have taken a very strong note of it and
they have also taken a strong note of the fact that the discoms are not paying on
time and that is creating further stretch on the various developers of wind and solar
power producers.
So I am sure in fact the power minister has made some lot of statements saying
that we will support the industry going forward and as I said we also look forward if
they would be any announcements for the renewable energy sector tomorrow and
it may not be come up in the budget speech, but they would be definitely they may
not give incentives or definitely they have come out of the incentive period or the
kind of giving some sops for the industry, but definitely they will definitely look at
least ensuring payments on time and ensuring and I am sure that they have
realized that they cannot keep putting caps on the bids which is what is a deterrent
for the last couple of bids and with these few and we are still very positive in a
period of time to come things will definitely look up for the sector and with these
words I thank you all for a patient hearing. Thank you.
