PPFL/SE/2019-2020/23 
To, 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-40000 l 
Scrip Code: 542907 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
\Al PRINCE® 
--=-----
PIPING SYSTEMS 
February 18, 2020 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Pl2.za, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai -AOOOS l 
Scrip Code: PRINCEPIPE 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR") - Transcript of Conference Call 
held on February 12, 2020 
In continuation to our letter No. PPFL/SE/2019-2020/7 dated February 10, 2020, please find enclosed 
transcript of the Conference Call for Analyst and Investors held on February 12, 2020. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithful! y, 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
PRINCE PIPES AND FITTINGS LIMITED 
Mfg. & Exporters of UPVC, CPVC, PPR & HOPE Pipes, Fittings and Valves 
Corp. Off.: The Ruby, 8th Floor; 29, Senapati Bapat Marg (Tulsi Pipe Road), 
Dadar (W), Mumbai - 400 028; Maharashtra, India. 
T: 022-6602 2222 F: 022-6602 2220 E: info@princepipes.com W : www.princepipes.com 
Regd. Off.: Plot No. 1, Honda Industrial Estate, Phase II, Honda Sattari, Honda - 403 530, Goa, India. 
CIN: L26932GA l 987PLC006287 

Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results 
 February 12, 2020 | 11 a.m. IST
Corporate Participants 
Mr. Parag Chheda 
Executive Director 
Mr. Nihar Chheda 
Avp Strategy 
Mr. Shyam Sharda 
VP And Group CFO  
Conference Call Transcript 

Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
Questions and Answers 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Prince Pipes 
and Fittings Limited Q3 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Edelweiss 
Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal for an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss. Thank you 
and over to you! 
Rohan Gupta: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Edelweiss, I 
welcome all the participants logged in for the conference call of Prince Pipes and 
Fitting to discuss Q3 FY2020 results and industry trend. From the management, 
we have Mr. Parag Chheda, Executive Director of the company, Mr Nihar 
Chheda, EVP Strategy and Mr. Shyam Sharda who is a VP and Group CFO. 
Good morning gentlemen. First of all, thank you very much for giving us the 
opportunity for hosting this conference call. I request you to first share our 
current quarter results and the trends in the industry and then we can follow it 
up with the question and answer session Sir. Thank you and over to you! Please 
go ahead. 
Parag Chheda: Good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us for the Q3 
FY20 earnings call. I am Parag Chheda, the Executive Director. Today, I am 
joined by my son, Nihar Chheda, EVP strategy and our CFO, Mr. Shyam Sharda. 
Firstly, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to you and all our investors 
for the oversubscription to the IPO and showing your strong faith. 
Let me give you a perspective on our strategy before I ask Shyam to take you 
through our fiscal performance. 
I am pleased to announce that the Jaipur plant has commenced commercial 
production in H1 FY20. Jaipur plant will be our sixth state-of-the-art 
manufacturing facility with fully automated compounding facility. It has always 
been Prince Pipes’ core philosophy to have a strategic multi location 
manufacturing network. This is because as you are all aware, freight cost is a 
significant part of our cost structure. It is our clear strategy to move closer to 
the market that we are trying to penetrate through efficient supplies and timely 
service. 
Furthermore, we have recently struck outsourcing contracts with partners in 
Odisha and Andhra Pradesh to help us reinforce our service to the eastern and 
southern markets. The timing of this market consolidation has been favourable. 
In the sense that our capacity addition has coincided with the market 
consolidation, while we are not sure about the extent of actual demand growth, 
the lack of supply from the unorganised sector and parts of the organised sector 
have fueled this growth. What makes this growth sustainable is that we have 

Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
been able to attach new distributors who have shifted to us from these regional 
and fringe national players. Network expansion along with a multipronged 
marketing strategy will help us to achieve my goal of being a preferred brand 
amongst brands. 
 My single line objective to the branding team has always been winning in many 
India’s. It is my conviction that Prince has a strong command in a combination 
of urban, semi urban, Tier II, Tier III towns as well as rural markets. This is 
what makes us unique in the industry, the ability to win in many Indias. For 
example, we have a majority market share in a metro like Mumbai, we are 
parallelly able to enjoy strong brand equity in rural markets of states like 
Haryana and UP as well. 
 Our Brand Ambassador, Akshay Kumar helps us to achieve this goal to have an 
impact on homeowners, plumbers, farmers and borers across the country. We 
have used a multi-medium strategy of branding apart from the usual hoardings, 
shop boards and plumbers meet, we have used two unique mediums for brand 
building. 
Firstly, we have used what I like to call a multi-state single strategy of transit 
media. Across different geographies, we targeted the most popular regional 
mode of transport to build the brand. For example, the Delhi metro, Mumbai 
local train, buses in South India etc. Furthermore, we also created a film co-
branding strategy with Akshay Kumar’s film Mission Mangal in this fiscal. 
We believe that these brand building exercises will not only help us sustain this 
newly found market penetration but also help us in the quest of garnering 
higher market share across many Indias. 
I am also glad to announce that we will be utilizing renewable energy sources at 
multiple factories, renewable energy has the dual benefit of helping us attain 
not only our sustainable goals but also reduce our operational cost. 
We started with our Chennai plant where we have started connecting wind 
energy and plan to start harnessing solar power through the opex model. This 
solar power project will be completed by Q1 of the next fiscal and almost 25% 
of our Chennai plant will be running through the renewable energy and will led 
to savings on our conversion cost. Furthermore, through the next fiscal, we will 
also be using a combination of opex and capex model to harness the solar 
power at Haridwar, Jaipur, Dadra and other plants. These projects will be 
conducted in a phased manner and my goal is to complete this by the end of H1 
in the next financial year. 
Friends, as you all are aware that a provisional antidumping duty has been 
announced on CPVC resin imports from certain sources, while this will result in 
further market consolidation and aid the big getting bigger in the long run. 
There will be a short-term uncertainty on cost structures. Fortunately, we were 
importing from multiple sources, not only from Korea and China but also from 
Europe and Japan. Post the provisional duty announcement we have increased 
our allocation to Japan and Europe as well as domestic sources. I want to clarify 
that we have not been facing any problems in securing our volumes given that 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
we are one of the top four processors of CPVC in the country today. Until the 
actual duty is formally announced, there will be a slight uncertainty on CPVC 
margins. Even though frankly, CPVC only contributes to less than 20% of our 
topline, we have been conservative and realistic with our guidance’s for the 
overall fiscal performance. We continue to maintain our guidance on the EBITDA 
margins that we had mentioned at the start of the fiscal. 
In the past quarter, we have also added in-house capabilities for manufacturing 
plumbing ball valves of running sizes at our Haridwar plant. This project should 
conclude by Q1 of the next fiscal. We shall continue to trade the slow- moving 
sizes. However, valves being a value-added product, we want to eventually be 
able to manufacture the entire range in-house. We are very excited to become 
an integrated manufacturer of pipes, fittings, solvents and now valves as well. It 
is our fundamental goal to have these in-house production capabilities which will 
transform us from being a pipe processor into an integrated system as well as 
end-to-end solution provider. 
Now coming to our new favourite topic of the discussion which is the DWC 
pipes, now everyone is aware of the macros and the huge scope of the business 
growth. For example, more than 70% of our waste today in India is through the 
open gutter channels. Developed countries like USA and Europe are talking 
about the waste treatment, which is a faraway dream for us. We need to start 
with piping our waste as a country. 
As you are aware, Prince is the early mover in the underground drainage 
segment to have a comprehensive product portfolio. We have the in-house 
capability of manufacturing pipes in the range of 100 to 1,000 mm in diameter. 
Furthermore, I am extremely glad to state that we have received a patent for 
our innovative and technologically superior product design of the DWC Coupler 
in this fiscal. Using the product range and the product design as a brand 
differentiator has always been at the heart of our strategies and we have done 
the same by being the first mover with the wide range of DWC products. 
However, in the last couple of quarters, the ground reality is not as black and 
white. 
The delayed monsoon and the election period led to a slowdown in the demand 
for the DWC in the H1 period. This is because all the digging activities must stop 
during the rains which were overextended. Furthermore, EPC contractors at 
large who are the primary consumer of these pipes have been facing funding 
issues as a result of which DWC has got more capital intensive than envisaged. 
This is contrary to our goal of constantly improving our capital cycle. Essentially 
DWC has a short-term challenge and is going to have higher gestation period 
than projected. I strongly believe the secret sauce lies in the product. I am very 
clear and confident in stating that DWC is technologically and economically a 
more superior product than RCC Pipes. In the medium run, we will mature as 
economy and as a country and evolve into making DWC our mainstream 
product. 
At Prince, we have leveraged our multi-location manufacturing network by being 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
the first one to manufacture DWC at all our plants across the country. This will 
help us significantly improve and become more competitive than our peers and 
establish and demonstrate our execution capabilities and intent to the market. 
I am confident that these differentiators of the range and the network, will be 
the front runners of leveraging these opportunities in underground drainage 
system in the medium to long run. 
Lastly, the technology is the key focus area for us. We believe that technology is 
an important tool to drive, change and increase our efficiency. Accordingly, we 
have made investments in the past few fiscals across our manufacturing plants. 
First, automation in the pre and the post extrusion process to reduce the 
manpower cost. Second, the real time and the live data capturing and 
monitoring through our SCADA systems to avoid the manual feeding process. 
Third, we have also adopted automation in non-core processes like pipe lifting 
and product packaging to further optimise the cost. 
The above listed are the various initiatives that are part of the overall projects 
of using technology as not only a cost optimizer but also a disruptor. All these 
initiatives are a part of our overall strategy that will propel Prince Pipes into 
being a preferred brand amongst brands. Thank you for your time and mind 
share. I would now like to hand it over to Mr. Shyam Sharda, our CFO to quickly 
walk you through the fiscal parameters. 
Shyam Sharda: Thanks a lot Parag Bhai and good morning friends. I will 
quickly take you through the numbers of the results which is under review. As 
you are all aware, we have got  listed in the period under  review. We have 
raised total Rs. 606 Crore which comprises of Rs. 356 Crore including a pre-IPO 
of Rs. 106 Crore of primary money for setting up the plant at Telangana, 
upgradation capex and for repayment of  debt. Since it was the end of the 
quarter, we were not able to deploy the funds. 
We have repaid a portion of our debt and are repaying more in the current 
quarter. We have taken a conscious decision to pay our debt in the coming 
quarters to further strengthen our balance sheet. The capex required over the 
next two years or three years will be undertaken through the IPO proceeds as 
well as from the funds which have been raised. 
Before I take you to the results, I would like to highlight one key point, the 
Ministry of Finance issued a notification letting provisional antidumping duty 
under the Custom Tariff Act on the import of CPVC resin from South Korea and 
China. As all of you are aware, before this duty announcement we were sourcing 
CPVC resin from multiple sources including Korea, Japan, China and Europe. The 
company has paid Rs. 7.5 Crore as a provisional anti-dumping duty to the 
government. 
Please note that this is only provisional duty and investigations are still on. In 
order to avail the delta within the provisional duty and the actual duty which will 
be announced post investigation we have treated this as an account recoverable 
from the government in our books of accounts. I would further like to highlight 
that we have stopped purchasing CPVC resin from Korea and China and this was 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
like in one-time occurring. On receipt of the final order, the company will assess 
the same and account for it in the book of accounts. 
Now, I would like to move onto the fiscal performance for the three-month 
ended December vis-à-vis the last three months ended December 2018. The 
revenue from operation grew by 10% to around Rs. 396 Crore vis-à-vis Rs. 351 
Crore in the year-on-year basis earlier. Volumes have grown by around 5% to 
31,122 metric tonne vis-à-vis 29,617 metric tonne in the previous period. 
EBITDA has grown by around 23% to Rs. 53 Crore vis-à-vis Rs. 43 Crore in the 
earlier period. The margins have improved by around 150 BPS to 13.5%. 
Depreciation increased owing to the commissioning of the Jaipur plant. 
For the nine months number on the overall financial performance, the revenue 
from operations grew by 12% to Rs. 1,205 Crore vis-à-vis Rs. 1,073 Crore. The 
volume growth has been 11% at 99,676 metric tonne vis-à-vis 86,533 metric 
tonne, this is the first warning period. Despite a challenging environment, we 
have been able to manage and deliver performance on our key segments. We 
have started manufacturing incremental range of PVC fittings at Haridwar 
facility to serve our northern markets in a better way. This will help us to reduce 
freight cost more effectively and improve our service ability. 
EBITDA has grown by 36% to Rs. 171 Crore vis-à-vis Rs. 126 Crore in the 
earlier corresponding period. The margin improvement is around 250 BPS at 
14.2% owing to a favourable product mix. Our Jaipur plant has been 
commissioned during the period under review and the production is ramping up. 
Capex for the period has seen around Rs. 140 odd Crore which includes around 
Rs. 100 Crore towards our Jaipur plant. Our tax rate is at 25.1% for the period 
and we have adopted the new revised tax rate structure. 
Our long-term debt as on date is around Rs. 64 odd Crore and intent is to 
further reduce the same in the next quarter. Our debtor days have been on an 
improving trend and is presently at 37 days owing to stringent credit control 
norms that we have adopted. We also have facilitated channel financing for our 
key vendors which has further helped us in improving the debtor days. The 
working capital days are at 51 days which is increasing owing to the higher 
inventory days and the gross debt to equity as of today stands at 0.37X. 
With this, we would like to open the floor for Q&A session and would be happy 
to answer your queries please. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin 
the question and answer session. We have the first question from the line of 
Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Devansh Nigotia: Thanks for the opportunity and congratulation on a very 
good set of numbers. In terms of volume growth if you can help us dissect it 
between agri, non-agri that would be really helpful? 
Nihar Chheda: Thank you for your question. So firstly, the total volume growth 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis has been around 5%. As a company policy, we 
cannot give a break-up of those categories or the polymers, but I can give you a 
directional thought process. The reason for the margin expansion has been due 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
to a favourable product mix. So, our goal always is to grow faster in the 
plumbing and sewage range of products as opposed to the agriculture range of 
products and we have been able to achieve that which is the reason that has 
also led to the margin expansion. 
Devansh Nigotia: Okay but in that case, I mean because since there is a 5% 
volume growth and directionally if there is a strong growth in housing vis-à-vis  
Agri, would it be right to interpret that there will be volume degrowth in agri 
side? I mean directionally I am not talking for exact numbers though? Because 
as you highlighted that there is some consolidation in case of Kisan and Jain 
Irrigation, so sounds quite counterintuitive because if we look at compared to 
last year there were in the market but gradually they are phasing out of the 
market, if you can just help us understand in terms of how volume growth has 
played out? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure, I would like to clarify there is not degrowth in agriculture 
segment. It has been slower than what it is in plumbing and drainage, also to 
be honest with you we could have grown at 2% to 3% higher than we actually 
have but then we would have to throw credit because a lot of these distributors 
of the regional players or these fringe national players are used to credit cycle 
which we simply do not want to entertain because in such times quality of the 
balance sheet is something that is very important to us and our sole focus 
above growth is going to be sustainable growth, so the fact that we have been 
able to grow in value at 10% and our volume at 5% and still decrease debtor 
days, you know I sleep a lot well at night knowing that I have been able to do 
that. 
Devansh Nigotia: Yes. In terms of our communication with our distributors in 
terms of the way we used to give credit, I mean how that has changed, the 
channel financing is something to do with it but other than that if you can just 
help a thought process because there is a significant change in data days? 
Nihar Chheda: That is the good question. So, what I would like to clarify is that 
with the market consolidating not only is the unorganised moving to the 
organised but even within the organised, the big are getting bigger. So today 
we have a lot more leverage than we had may be two or three fiscals ago, so as 
a result of which not only have we used channel financing as a tool to improve 
receivable days but we have also fundamentally reduced the credit policy that 
we were giving to our distributors. So, this is a very clear messaging that 
happens to the channel at the beginning of the fiscal when they sign their 
targets and MOUs with us. We can assign the fact that we are going to be giving 
lesser credit to the market and still want to grow but grow in a sustainable 
manner. 
Devansh Nigotia: In terms of other expenses when we look at a percentage 
there is a significant delta around 1.5% to 2%, so if you can just help us in 
other expenses as a percentage of sales when we look at year-on-year? 
Shyam Sharda: Basically, in terms of the overall expenses and there will be in 
couple of heads, which has gone up. One is on an account of power and fuel, 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
which had gone significantly up and also because we have put up some other 
job works sites, also there is an increase in our labour cost as well. Further we 
have been emphasizing, the branding cost has also been going up so that has 
steadily contributed to the increase in cost. 
Devansh Nigotia: Because since our ad spends like when we look at 2018 
against 2019, our ad spends there were significant delta in that period, I mean 
what numbers are you working in terms of ad spends for FY20 in terms of 
absolute amount? 
Shyam Sharda: We should be closer to around Rs. 35 to 41 Crore in terms of 
overall ad spends. 
Devansh Nigotia: So that number is same as compared to last year? 
Shyam Sharda: Rs. 41 Crore. 
Devansh Nigotia: Rs. 40 to 41 Crore was the amount? 
Shyam Sharda: Yes, that should be in the similar range. 
Devansh Nigotia: In case of Jain, can you just help us understand, they are 
still in the market, what is the quantum of agri pipe business they were doing, 
any thought process you have on that? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure. Of course, like you have correctly mentioned Jain was a 
very popular processor with a lot of market share especially in the irrigation 
segment. I think as everyone is aware that there are balance sheet constraint 
and there has been market share that has been up for grabs but that is purely 
in the agriculture segment mainly, while our focus is more towards plumbing 
and drainage. I will not be having exact quantities of what their volume or 
market share was but that has benefitted entire list of top four or five 
processors from this consolidation, I think that is evident in the performance. 
Devansh Nigotia: Okay. Thanks a lot for answering all questions. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Ritesh 
Shah from Investec Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir you did indicate on the 
uncertainty around CPVC volumes and you also did indicate that we are looking 
at alternate sources besides China and Korea. Can you allude on to your 
strategy over here and is there any inventory that we are maintaining right now 
over here? 
Nihar Chheda: Thank you for your question. Firstly, I think we did not say that 
there is uncertainty on CPVC volumes. What we said was that there is 
uncertainty on the CPVC margins because there is currently only a provisional 
anti-dumping duty. The investigation is ongoing, and the actual duty will be 
announced post the investigation conclusion. So, the volumes are intact. We 
have grown in CPVC while I do not want to quantify but we have double-digit 
growth and what I also want to add to that to answer your second question is 
that we have no problem in securing volumes today since we were not only 
sourcing from China and Korea, we had multiple sources of CPVC resin even 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
before the duty was announced, so as opposed to being able to we did not need 
to find new sources of procurement of CPVC resin, we just had to increase our 
allocation. 
Ritesh Shah: Can you give the break of what did China and Korea account for 
versus rest of the regions. I am just trying understand how the pricing of the 
sourcing cost will actually play out for us in the forthcoming quarters on back of 
this? 
Nihar Chheda: While we cannot quantify that because I hope you can 
understand PVC 65% of the market is organised whereas in CPVC 70% of the 
market is controlled by four or five players, so the competitive intensity is very 
high. What I can say is that Korea and China were significant sources of CPVC 
resin for us but today if you see the market at large, India is the only consumer 
of CPVC resins. So, while the number of CPVC resin manufacturers are lower 
their only customer is India. We are the fourth biggest processor of CPVC pipes 
in India. So, we have a significant leverage not only in the trade but also in the 
sourcing part of it. 
Ritesh Shah: Right that is exactly what I am trying to understand because you 
did indicate that market consolidation is one and there could be short supply 
and it could hit cost structure for the smaller guys. So, we want some comfort 
around the sourcing arrangement that we have in place ex China and Korea and 
will we have any price benefit given we have a reasonable size as we are among 
the top four to five players in the country. So, will we get that benefit and will 
we be able to source CPVC at the right price? 
Nihar Chheda: We will be able to source CPVC at the right price and like you 
correctly mentioned having that sort of quantity leverage over the rest of the 
market will help us differentiate our cost vis-à-vis smaller players or even 
regional or even small national players and securing of volume is not going to 
be a concern at all. There will be uncertainty until the final duty is announced 
and I think that is the stance for the entire industry. It is very important to 
understand that in the long run this is going to be leading to market share 
gains. 
Ritesh Shah: What is the timeline for the final anti-dumping duties? At what 
stage this working is on at DGTR? 
Nihar Chheda: So quite frankly there has been some timelines but from what 
we understand is usually these investigations are prolonged and could have 
delays. So, I think it was announced in the month of August, if I am not wrong 
and at least broadly what we are given to understand is it should take six to 
eight months to be announced. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir my second question is on sourcing specifically from Lubrizol 
what we got to understand from the market source is that we had some 
temporary sourcing from Lubrizol. Now are we looking for a tie-up with the 
Company or is it a one-off. How should one look at this? 
Nihar Chheda: I am sorry like I said we cannot give this kind of information 
when four players are essentially controlling 70% of the market. What I can 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
assure you is that there is no problem in securing of volumes and whenever 
there is an announcement to be made, we will make an announcement. 
Ritesh Shah: My last question is on you did touch upon the margins, is it 
possible if you could give numbers on fittings as a percentage of total volumes 
specifically on PVC and CPVC side as even fittings do contribute a significant 
margin and I think that has been our focus area in the past as well. So, any 
colour over here would be useful? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure, so there has been a sustained pipe to fitting ratio that we 
have delivered in the past while I will stay away from quantifying it again that is 
the reason that we have improved our margins and the pipe fitting ratio is 
intact. 
Ritesh Shah: Any number that we target going forward over here or are there 
any incentives that we give out to our distributors and dealers to make sure 
that the fittings ratio is in our favour going forward? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure, if you look the pipe fitting ratio of Prince Pipes already is 
the benchmark in the goal standards of the industry. So, I do not think we are 
trying to increase this ratio, our goal is to constantly sustain this ratio and we 
regularly give quarter-on-quarter schemes and incentives to our channel like 
our peer set does as well. 
Ritesh Shah: Just last question if you can give some qualitative description on 
how our market share has actually played out in the marketplace given 
unorganised sector definitely they will be facing problems on resin procurement 
going forward and you had players like Jain, I think Prince SWR and Ashirwad 
also moving out of the market with change in promoters. Has it benefited us on 
the market share, how do you see it so far and how do you see it going 
forward? 
Nihar Chheda: Absolutely without a doubt. We have been able to garner a 
significant amount of market share and I think as Parag Bhai mentioned in his 
opening remarks not only have we grabbed this market share but we have been 
also able to add new distributors from these companies that have moved out of 
the market which shows you that this increase in sales is going to be 
sustainable because there is going to be an increase in the number of 
distributors as a result of which we have absolutely been able to benefit from 
this growth that has come from this consolidation and we think that this is going 
to be sustainable. 
Ritesh Shah: Can we have a number of distributors and the revenue per 
distributor any matrix that we look at? 
Nihar Chheda: We can share with you number of distributors at the end of 
fiscal because this process of adding new distributors is an ongoing process. 
Having said that there is a criterion that we very strongly follow when we try to 
attach new distributor and I can walk you through that. Firstly, we always want 
to ensure that they are good pay masters. A lot of the distributors of these 
players were used to extended credit cycles which we do not want to entertain. 
So, we always make sure that they are going to disciplined pay masters. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
Secondly, they need to have a robust infrastructure where they are able to have 
a strong retail network and the right infrastructure that is needed to keep the 
right amount of stock because availability of product in the secondary market is 
very important and thirdly, and most importantly for me is that the hunger of 
the distributor has to be paralleled to the Company’s hunger and only if he is on 
the same wavelength of growth and has a very ambitious target of growth if the 
wavelength going to match so that is the foremost important criteria that we 
look at while trying to add new distributor. 
Ritesh Shah: Right just last question if I may squeeze, on slide number 25 we 
have given that we intend to outpace industry growth by at least 2% to 4%. So 
how do we differentiate versus our peer set in the marketplace, is it like more 
discount, more credit or more SKUs. What is our strategy over there? 
Nihar Chheda: Good question. Like you said the scope for product 
differentiation is minimal amongst peers because they are essentially all 
governed by BIS norms so the game for us today has become, how do we 
become a preferred brand amongst brands. So there are two ways in which we 
do that, one would be range of product portfolio so today if you look at us we 
are across multiple polymers, across multiple applications be it plumbing, 
irrigation, sewage, boring, underground drainage as a result of which we 
become a one stop shop for our channel and we have a very high number of 
exclusive distributors higher than our peer set as well and this comes as a result 
of the high product portfolio range that we have. Secondly, I would say is our 
manufacturing network where we have six plants as well as multiple job working 
units across the country. So we are able to minimalize our freight cost and 
penetrate the market more efficiently by minimalizing these freight cost and 
lastly, I would say is what the theme Parag Bhai touched on during his opening 
remark is the strategy of winning in many Indias and we are very proud of the 
fact that we are able to have majority market share not only in urban market 
like lot of our peers but we are also able to enjoy very strong brand equity in 
semi-urban as well as rural markets of India. 
Ritesh Shah: That is helpful I will join back the queue for more questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar 
from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: Sir thank you for the opportunity. Sir my first question is 
could you help us with your product mix in terms of PVC versus CPVC in your 
topline? 
Shyam Sharda: As indicated by Nihar, we would not be in a position to provide 
that though we track it internally but for a better guidance perspective we will 
be able to position give you overall volume growth which is like 5% on quarter-
on-quarter basis and also the value growth which is 10%. 
Parag Chheda: Just to add that, while of course we have various segments of 
Agri, Plumbing, Drainage, Rain water harvesting, what we can  inform is that 
our Company will continue focusing on the plumbing and the drainage products, 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
drainage there are two segments again one is above the surface and second is 
the underground drainage systems. So company shall continue focusing on 
plumbing and drainage products very clearly. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: Sir in terms of your revenue split what would be the B2B 
versus B2C portion. 
Nihar Chheda: Sure, our more than 90% of sales comes from the B2C portion 
if you must ask me what our biggest strength is today, it would be our 
distribution network where we have in north of 1,400 channel partners across 
the country today. We traditionally have stayed away from the project and 
institutional side of business and we will continue to do that and this is because 
our sole goal like we have mentioned previously is on the quality of the balance 
sheet and with the projects we are usually exposed to higher working capital 
cycles and we want to keep that exposure to a minimal. So whatever projects 
we do participate in would be through the channel so it still ends that we sell to 
distributors who then eventually will sell it to a project. So essentially still a 
large part of our sales comes from B2C where the value chain is as follows, the 
company sells to the distributor who then sells to a wholesaler or a retailer who 
then eventually sell to the end consumer be it a homeowner, plumber, farmer, 
borer etc. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: Sir my third question is would you be able to help us with 
your total installed capacity in the region wise mix of that? 
Shyam Sharda: Our total capacity is around 2,41,000 metric tonne and this is 
likely to further go up to may be around 2,60,000 MT because with the Jaipur 
plant fully touching around 20,000 metric tonne by March we should be able to 
grow as that. So, it was exactly 252,000 MT as on December 31, 2019. It is 
categorised to all the six plants that we have, so broadly that would range 
between, if I have to tell you percentage overall thing it is like 59,000 MT for 
Dadra plant around 77,000 MT for Haridwar, Chennai accounts for 62,000 MT, 
Kolhapur is around 20,000 MT and Jaipur plant as on December 31 touched 
around 17,000 MT so that is broadly the overall 2,52,000 metric tonne that we 
have as an installed capacity as on December 31. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: Sure. Sir my third question is you mentioned your ad 
spends sorry I missed the number what is your ad spend to net sales as a 
percentage right now? 
Shyam Sharda: So, it will be range between 2% to 2.5% on an overall basis. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: Sir my last question is on an industry basis, so what are 
the demand drivers that you are seeing going forward in terms any end user 
segments or probably housing and infrastructure? 
Nihar Chheda: So, there are multiple drivers for growth. These drivers would 
be across segments so let me walk you through the main four drivers for growth 
for us one, which is substitution demand from the metal pipe so as you are all 
aware that there is a significant technological advantage of PVC as opposed to 
metal so that substitution market still goes on. The second being the 
government initiatives, so the setting up of the Jal Shakti Ministry and the Nal 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
Se Jal scheme which offers basically the single line mission of Nal Se Jal is to 
bring piped water access to every rural household in the country. It is going to 
be Price Pipes and our peers who are going to be direct beneficiaries of such 
programmes. In fact, I am glad to state that we have already started seeing 
demand from Nal Se Jal programmes at a state level in certain markets which 
we had envisaged as well and of course then there is the usual real estate 
leading to affordable housing and urbanisation that is taking place and lastly in 
terms of new frontiers for growth I think there are two new frontiers for growth 
for us one being the underground drainage segment so like Parag Bhai 
mentioned that more than 70% of our waste today is actually not even piped it 
is through open gutter channels if you are talking about a global bench mark 
today, US and Europe are talking about how much percentage of their waste is 
treated. For us waste treatment is a faraway chapter, we must begin with piping 
our waste. So underground drainage I believe is going to be a very significant 
vertical for us in the coming fiscal and the last frontier of growth from a 
geography point of view would be East India. I think given that freight is an 
important part of our cost structures it is important to have a local 
manufacturing presence and traditionally the top four or five manufacturers 
have stayed only in the West, North eventually then the South. But there has 
been a very small footprint in the East. So, four years ago we actually started a 
job work manufacturing in Patna which has worked out very well for us and 
helped us garner very good market share in the Eastern market and we have 
also struck in outsourcing deal in the past quarter in Balasore, Odisha to 
manufacture pipes which will further help us garner more market in the Eastern 
market. 
Sonali Salgoankar: Sure, Sir you mentioned that Nal Se Jal you are seeing 
some demand in select markets, could you elaborate in which markets you are 
getting the demand from? 
Nihar Chheda: Absolutely not. I do not want my competitors to know. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: Okay Sir and any count of retailers that you would like to 
share with us because you just mentioned you have 1,400 channel partners so 
any retail touch points? 
Parag Chheda: I think as you mentioned that we have more than 1,400 
distributors all across the country. I think more important is to understand that 
more than 80% of our distributors are exclusive to Prince Pipes so that being 
our USP. Now to answer your question on the number of retailers, the numbers 
of retailers would vary from state to state from region to region on an 
approximate basis we would calculate that one distributor on an average could 
be catering to about 400 retail outlets so which means it is 1400 x 400 that is 
the kind of touch points that the company has. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Zain Iqbal 
from Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Zain Iqbal: Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted know 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
the year-on-year topline grew 10% but quarter-on-quarter, it declined by 8% 
what is the reason for this decline this is the first question and the second is 
what will be your debt position by the end of the financial year and if you could 
share a break of short term and long term? 
Nihar Chheda: I am sorry can you please can you please repeat your question 
you were slightly inaudible? 
Zain Iqbal: The topline grew year-on-year by 10% but on quarterly basis it 
declined by 8% so I wanted to know the reason for this weakness for the 
decline in the topline? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure, so let us go question by question. On the first question I 
think your numbers are accurate and if you look at the industry at large Q2 
usually tends to be a stronger than Q3 so there would be a decline across, 
further more I think Q3 saw overextended monsoons as a result of which the 
demand was tepid especially in October and November apart from that there 
was also festive season in October and parts of November as a result of which if 
you look at building materials as a whole Q3 has not been that exciting so we 
are glad that we have not only been able to but also been able to cut the 
receivable days so the growth has been sustainable. 
Zain Iqbal: Okay what will be our debt position by the end of the financial 
year? 
Shyam Sharda: Overall the term loan even as on today post December is 
around Rs. 64 odd Crore and we have in working capital limit which is Rs. 175 
Crore and non-fund that is Rs. 250 Crore so we should be in closure of around 
Rs. 465 odd Crore as an overall basis including non-fund. 
Zain Iqbal: Lastly how much can you improve the EBITDA margins from here? 
Nihar Chheda: I think the goal what we are guiding at is 12% to 13% EBITDA 
margins. We want to be very conservative with our margin guidance’s. What I 
can give is a directional thought process in terms of the levers for margin 
expansion or contraction so the first one being the product mix so there are 
certain polymers and certain applications that have better margins and 
realizations as opposed to others. The second would be the pricing leverage so 
as I mentioned with the market consolidation that is happening we are able to 
pass on whatever increase or decrease that is happening in the raw material 
immediately and with full effect and in certain times even more than what the 
increase has been so that also can lead to margin expansion and the third 
reason potentially is when you have the kind of volume and value growth that 
we have been having there are always operating leverage benefits which lead to 
margin expansions so those three I would say are the cornerstone or the levers 
for margin improvement. 
Zain Iqbal: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Next question is from the lie of Arafat Syyed 
from Reliance Securities. Please go ahead. 
Arafat Syyed: Congrats for good set of numbers. Sir my first question is on the 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
debt which you have with Express Infra, I think that Rs. 200 Crore already paid 
right? 
Nihar Chheda: Correct absolutely and we have also been able to un-pledge as 
we had committed within 24 hours post listing, the promoters use this fund to 
pay off KKR in full and the pledge as we speak today is 0%. 
Arafat Syyed: Sir that is great and secondly, I just wanted to understand 
which are the macros for tracking these kind of sector and companies so it may 
be let’s say the company which is having higher CPVC we see it has a higher 
margin and coming as to the valuations, the number of distributor or a plant so 
which are the main macro we need to track Sir? 
Nihar Chheda: I think like you correctly mentioned there are going to be 
certain value added products so for us those are CPVC, PPR those are our two 
value added products which tend to have better margin and realizations than 
other polymers, of course HDPE is a nascent polymer for us so we are actually 
trying to get a grasp of what margins will be in the long term on HDPE and that 
is as far as polymer is concerned. As far as application is concerned, I think like 
we have mentioned before plumbing and drainage have a better value 
proposition than the agriculture segment and the focus is on that and in terms 
of network I think two networks that are very important is not only your 
distribution network and the spread of that distribution network but also the 
network of your manufacturing facilities. So, I can walk you through that, 
advantage of that in 2008 we were the first movers to put up a manufacturing 
plant in the north in Haridwar whereas most of the processors traditionally 
spread in the West as a result of this we have been able to garner a very strong 
market share in the northern markets of India today. So, this is purely a 
function of being able to minimalize freight cost and being more competitive in 
the market so not only is it important to have a very robust distribution network 
but also to have a very strong manufacturing network of very strategically 
located plant and after our movement to the north in 2012 we acquired two 
plants from Chemplast Sanmar who are actually our resin manufacturers and 
our vendors as well. We acquired their two plants in Chennai and Kolhapur 
which helped us fortify our market of appraisals in the Southern markets as 
well. 
Arafat Syyed: Sir last question on margin side although you have guided that a 
marginal expansion of that product mix and margin leverage is able to pass on 
to increase the margins but Sir this happens across the companies be it 
Supreme, be it Astral, all the companies are showing the expansion to the tune 
of 100 to 110 BPS also Sir my question is can this sustainable for going ahead 
also or can we say at a 13% -14%  is what the industry can do? 
Nihar Chheda: I cannot comment on any of our peer margins and whether 
they are sustainable or not. I think that is for them to answer what I can tell 
you is that while we are guiding at 12% to 13% we are hungry for margin 
expansion and we will try to work day and night to improve our margins but we 
want to be very conservative with the way that we give any commitment or 
guidance. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
Arafat Syyed: Fine Sir that is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from 
Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhawal Shah: Sir my question is A) what is the current debt and how do we 
see it over the next two fiscals and second question is what is the cash flow 
generated for the first nine months before capex after paying taxes and 
interest? 
Shyam Sharda: So, I have said earlier as well, the term loan outstanding as of 
today is around Rs. 64 odd Crore and there is a good chance for it to further 
come down by March end as well and while considering our other limits as well 
we expect overall exposure of around Rs. 450 odd Crore by March 31 which 
include non-fund base limits and our working capital utilisation. 
Dhawal Shah: Can you repeat that numbers, what did you say? 
Shyam Sharda: Around Rs. 450 odd Crore overall which included for fund base 
limit as well as the working capital requirement limits.  
Dhawal Shah: Okay by March end. 
Shyam Sharda: Yes. 
Dhawal Shah: What will be the cash flow for the nine months? 
Shyam Sharda: The cash flow would be around Rs. 115 odd Crore for the nine 
months and in December 2019. 
Dhawal Shah: Okay so this is after paying taxes and interest. 
Shyam Sharda: Yes, this is after paying everything. 
Dhawal Shah: Okay Rs. 115 Crore and our expanded capacity will be 270,000 
MT am I correct? 
Shyam Sharda: Yes, that is like over a period not immediately, so it is around 
251,000 MT as of now and possibly with expansion in Jaipur also shaping up 
that is likely to touch that number in sometime. 
Nihar Chadda: Just to build up of Shyam’s point, what do you must realise is 
any sort of capacity expansion has to happen in a phased wise manner because 
Jaipur is the new plant and we are trying to improve our penetration in the 
markets in Rajasthan and the market adjoining to that state. So, as we fortify 
our market share the expansion will improve so it will be a phase wise thing and 
it is also dynamic in terms of how we are able to penetrate those markets. 
Dhawal Shah: Got it Sir. In terms of our model, we have an outsourcing model 
as well whereas the peers in the industry follow an outsourcing base model, so 
what is our thought process to go for that? 
Nihar Chheda: Good question, I think like I said around four years ago we set 
up an outsourcing unit in Bihar which has helped us really ramp our market 
share there. What we like about the outsourcing strategy is it is an asset light 
model and we do not really have to invest a significant amount of capital and 
still have a regional so we are basically able to combine two important 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
strengths, one is have the asset light and lean model of a regional player, while 
still having the muscle of the national brand and the coupling of these two 
strategies has actually worked out very well for us. As a result, to which in past 
quarter we have gone out and done two more outsourcing deals in Odisha and 
Andhra Pradesh to be able to locally penetrate those markets as well. However I 
would want to clarify that this takes a very high amount of execution capabilities 
and intent so we are very careful in terms of quality that is coming out from this 
job work units so we have monthly and quarterly audit processes and standard 
operating procedures that has been put in place and the plant head from my 
existing plants and the manufacturing excellence guys from our existing plant 
regularly do audits of not only the finished product but also the kind of 
processes that are taking place at these outsourcing units. Not only that we also 
have people stationed there 24/7 x 365 to ensure that it is an in-house factory 
like product and process and just to conclude this thought I would also say that 
this is not a long-term strategy, it is only a stepping stone and a bridge 
strategy. Eventually when I am confident that I have built a strong enough 
market in the East which is sustainable and more importantly able to 
sustainably grow year-on-year, I am more than happy to put my own money 
there and invest in an in-house manufacturing plant. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from 
J M Financial. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: Thank you for the opportunity. Since wanted to check with 
respect to distribution, what is the universe of retailers according to you, pan 
India, how much have we touched up to and what kind of retail additions are we 
targeting on an ongoing basis, yearly basis, if you could help us with that that 
will be useful? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure Achal. So, when you see universe due means for Prince 
Pipes or for the industry? 
Achal Lohade: For the industry. 
Nihar Chheda: Unfortunately, I do not have estimate of what the industry 
retail counter is, I can give you an estimate for a broad data, estimate how we 
do it is that we have around 1,400 channel partners and on average I think 
every distributor would cater to around 300 to 400 touch points, this could 
range. So, this is an average, so I have some distributors who are having 
around 800 retail touch points as well and I also have some distributors who 
only have 50 to 100 touch points as well. It would vary from geography to 
geography, but I think a broad thumb rule that I would like to give you is that I 
think we should take 300 retailers per distributor is what the kind of touch 
points that Prince Pipes would have today. 
Parag Chheda: Achal just to add to this is that so company is focusing on 
expanding our retail base and the company is having a very good plan which we 
call it as RREP, Retail Reach Expansion Plan so I think it is because of this a very 
well-defined and a good structure plan that the company is able to have a 
horizontal and vertical penetration into the markets so I think more important is 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
that we are able to achieve a sustainable number and this is purely because the 
Company is having a very well structured programme on retail expansion. 
Achal Lohade: Got it. Thank you so much for the answer. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Nupani 
from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Nupani: Good afternoon Sir. The first question is like our phase 
volume got impacted in the December quarter due to impact of heavy rain, so 
are we seeing rebound in the volume growth in the current quarter? 
Nihar Chheda: January has been good. February and March will be crucial. 
Having said that I think our prime focus like I keep saying on sustainable 
growth and we do not want to increase our receivables days. In fact we want to 
decrease receivables days and try to sustain the focus on working capital so any 
growth that will come will never happen at the sacrifice of throwing credit to the 
market and the way the secondary market is today is that there might be some 
more appetite than we are being to see but you can only penetrate that appetite 
only if you throw credit to that market which we will simply not entertain and 
we only want to do sales at our terms and at our credit policy and we will not 
deviate from that. 
Utkarsh Nupani: With tightened credit policy what kind of a growth you are 
looking for the March quarter? 
Nihar Chheda: So, we are looking at 8% to 10% growth. 
Utkarsh Nupani: That is the volume growth. 
Nihar Chheda:  Correct. Value I cannot say because it depends on the raw 
material price. 
Utkarsh Nupani: Fine and the debt amount which you have mentioned that 
was the limit, so can you just tell us what is the fund based outstanding that we 
are looking for say March 2020 and March 2021? 
Nihar Chheda: Fund based is around Rs. 290 Crore currently, we are not only 
going to pay through IPO proceeds but also through the internal accruals on 
account of the higher profit than what we had envisaged debt to equity ratio 
today stands at 0.37 and what I would like to say here is when you start 
deleveraging the balance sheet there are actually two benefits, one you are not 
only reducing the debt but secondly and more importantly in my mind you are 
also able to gain a position where you can negotiate on the cost of capital itself 
and right now that is why whatever debt repayment we are doing, we have not 
done in one shot, we are in the process trying to reduce the cost of capital itself 
which will help us win on two fronts not only in the absolute terms but also on 
the percentage finance cost. 
Utkarsh Nupani: In absolute term can you just guide us like how much 
reduction we are looking say by March 2021? 
Nihar Chheda: I would rather actually do the debt reduction and then report 
that number to you. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
Utkarsh Nupani: That is, it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Poddar 
from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Poddar: My question is related to volume growth so for us you are 
saying it is in the range of 5% to 6%, yesterday another leader reported its 
number and they have shown about 50% kind of growth. I know they are 
heavier on the CPVC side, so in your mix though you are not sharing but for you 
the CPVC volume growth was in the range of 12% to 15% and it was because of 
the non CPVC side of the business which impacted the overall volume growth for 
you, any comment on this? 
Nihar Chheda: So, while I do not want to give you a break up across polymers 
I just want to put this at rest. CPVC growth across volume and value has been 
north of 20% which is very stellar in my eyes. So, it is not that there has been 
certain sort of ambiguity in terms of CPVC not being able to grow or there being 
any deviation from the market share point of view or anything like that. 
Ashish Poddar: Yes, and you mentioned it about 25% of your portfolio? 
Nihar Chheda: In the volume and value.20% plus. 
Ashish Poddar: Okay Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Chintan 
Shah from Investec Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Shah: My first question is regarding the antidumping duties what you 
indicated is provisional in nature, Sir has this been disputed by any other party 
right now, where do we see it? 
Nihar Chheda: I am not sure if anyone has disputed, we do not track that. 
Chintan Shah: That is one. Secondly, can you indicate how much was the price 
increase on PVC and CPVC in the quarter gone by? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure. In PVC what you must understand is that whatever the 
increase or decrease that happened from Reliance was immediately passed on 
to the trade and I think that is the norm with the entire peer set. 
Chintan Shah: Right. Is it possible for you to quantify it please? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure, so broadly this is just an estimate I do not want give an 
exact number but I mean I am not aware of the exact number as a ready 
reckoner but in quarter three I think PVC resin saw correction of around 5% to 
7% Q-o-Q. 
Chintan Shah: Sir is it possible for you to quantify on a per kg business 
because I understand there was some Rs.3 increase which was there more 
recently and the last quarter there was some price decline, so is it just trying to 
understand how much was the price increase on PVC and CPVC respectively? 
Nihar Chheda: I can give you the trend. I am happy to share with you since 
this is available in the public domain maybe I can email it to you after the call is 
over but unfortunately, I do have the ready reckoner for that. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
Chintan Shah: Sir indicatively on CPVC how much it would be? 
Nihar Chheda: So, there would be a significant double-digit price increase in 
CPVC. 
Chintan Shah: Sir would it be like 15% to 20%. 
Nihar Chheda: It would depend from processor to processor and source from 
source.  
Chintan Shah: The reason I am stressing over here is I was looking at the 
provision duties which are in effect specifically from Shandong and China, it is in 
the range of 40% to 80% now even if one factors a 60% of the raw material 
cost is through CPVC resin or compound the implied increase which would have 
been required for CPVC would have been quite steep so just I wanted to actually 
get comfort that is it still a profitable proposition for us given the duties have 
moved up so sharply? 
Nihar Chheda: Like you said correctly it is not viable to import from China and 
Korea which we have stopped doing and I think as Shyam mentioned we have 
moved our allocation to other sources be it Japan, be it Europe or be it even 
domestic sources of CPVC resin. So, I want to clarify that we are not sourcing 
from China and Korea anymore because that would not be viable price to source 
resins from. I also want to clarify that absolutely CPVC is value proposition for 
us and continues to be value added product for the organisation and the results 
speak for themselves. 
Chintan Shah: The reason I am stretching over here is if one looks at the peer 
set the price increase is even for PVC or CPVC or for the blend it has not been in 
the same quantum and even if our market checks do suggest that so is it safe 
to assume that CPVC so margins that we have given for the quarter it is despite 
probably the negative contribution from CPVC volumes given earlier we used to 
get material from China and Korea which we would have consumed during the 
quarter and incrementally things can improve? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure. Firstly, CPVC is not a negative product. Yes, there is 
uncertainty on the margins but it is still a value proposition for us and I think we 
will be in a better seat to give you clarity on the margins once we ourselves 
have it once the actual duty is announced but CPVC is a value proposition for 
us. We are the fourth largest processor of CPVC in the country today and we 
have a lot of leverage not only as a seller but also on the sourcing front and yes 
we have taken in some markets a slightly higher increase than our peer set but 
to be honest with you we also have to end up giving schemes and variable 
discounts so there is the difference between the rack rate and the effective rate 
of CPVC in the market today across the peer set. 
Chintan Shah: Sir honestly things do not tap over here for me on the margins 
because you have just said we had double digit volume growth on CPVC, now 
against that basically for any industry player, any larger player you will have 
stock inventory and specifically for us even being the case China and Korea 
were the sourcing regions, so if you have a double digit volume growth, I would 
request to provide some more colour on the price increases on CPVC or some 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
comfort that we did not have any negative contribution on CPVC because as per 
market checks I think our price increases were broadly in line with the peers. 
So, I am failing to comprehend the margin profile and the volume growth 
number that we have on the CPVC side? 
Nihar Chheda: I think if you continue your market checks to understand that 
we have given a slightly more increase than our peers, but I will agree with you 
in terms that there has been a marginal incremental increase as opposed to the 
peer set. 
Chintan Shah: Okay. Fair enough, I have more questions probably I will come 
over and see you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from 
Investec Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: My question is answered. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nehal Shah from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nehal Shah: Congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir most of things have 
been answered. One question on working capital, there has been an alarming 
change in working capital wherein receivable days have been declining for us 
which I think is a very good thing to start with, just one question here, we have 
also been resorting to channel financing in the recent past, so if we adjust for 
the channel financing how do our numbers stack as far as receivables are 
concerned? 
Nihar Chheda: Sure. That is a good question. I think like you said channel 
finance has helped us decrease the receivable days. I also just want to clarify 
for everyone that it is not channel financing that has led to this decrease and if I 
can just try actually I am in a position to quantify that so if you look at 
traditionally debtor days who are in the range of 87 days and 68 days maybe 
two years or three years ago which currently has come down to around 50 days 
if we gross up the channel finance as well, without that would be around 37 
days but if I also include channel finance would be around 50. There is a sharp 
decrease. 
Nehal Shah: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss for 
closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Rohan Gupta: Thanks a lot for giving us the opportunity to hosting this 
conference call. Just couple of follow-up questions from my side and then we 
can wind-up the call. Sir once you clarified that now absolutely there are no 
pledged shares in the market as far as the promoters are concerned right? 
Parag Chheda: Yes. 
Rohan Gupta: Sir, second is on the debt reduction front we have reduced 
almost Rs. 200 Crore debt as of now and before our next capex commission so 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
absolute debt level will remain at the current level? 
Nihar Chheda: So, the Rs. 200 Crore of debt that has been repaid is on the 
promoter balance sheet to pay off KKR while we have significantly reduced debt 
on the company balance sheet of around Rs. 80 to 85 Crore as well and that will 
continue to happen not only from IPO proceeds but from the internal accruals as 
well. 
Rohan Gupta: So, if you just provide us the current long-term and short-term 
debt number? 
Nihar Chheda: Around Rs. 65 Crore to 70 Crore would be the long-term debt 
and around Rs. 170 to 180 Crore of working capital debt. 
Rohan Gupta: What cash is unutilized from the proceed that we have right 
now? 
Nihar Chheda: I would have to get back to you on that number. 
Rohan Gupta: Okay and our capex plans commissioned from next year 
probably Q1 right? 
Nihar Chheda: Correct. 
Rohan Gupta: So, can you just give some spends in terms of total expend 
which we will be doing on our new plant next year? 
Nihar Chheda: For Telangana plant we have raised around Rs. 180 Crore which 
will be a phase wise expansion over the next two to three year’s but the chunk of 
the expenditure will come in year one because the building and the basic 
infrastructure utilities I have to make all those investments in year one itself. 
Rohan Gupta: Okay so year one investment will be roughly Rs. 100 Crore out 
of Rs. 180 Crore? 
Nihar Chheda: Around Rs. 100 to 120 Crore I would have a ballpark range 
currently for Telangana plant. 
Rohan Gupta: That is, it. Thank you so much for once again giving us an 
opportunity for hosting the conference call. I also thank all the participants who 
have participated in the conference call for Prince Pipes. All the best to the 
management going forward. Thanks a lot. Thank you so much. 
Parag Chheda: Thank you all. 
Moderator: Thank you very much members of management. Ladies and 
gentlemen on behalf of Edelweiss Securities that concludes today’s conference 
call. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Aditya Narain, Head of Research, aditya.narain@edelweissfin.com 
 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
 
 
DISCLAIMER 
Edelweiss Securities Limited (“ESL” or “Research Entity”) is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and is 
licensed to carry on the business of broking, depository services and related activities. The business of ESL and its Associates (list 
available on www.edelweissfin.com) are organized around five broad business groups – Credit including Housing and SME Finance, 
Commodities, Financial Markets, Asset Management and Life Insurance.  
This Report has been prepared by Edelweiss Securities Limited in the capacity of a Research Analyst having SEBI Registration 
No.INH200000121 and distributed as per SEBI (Research Analysts) Regulations 2014. This report does not constitute an offer or solicitation 
for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument or as an official confirmation of any transaction. Securities as defined in clause (h) of 
section 2 of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 includes Financial Instruments and Currency Derivatives. The information 
contained herein is from publicly available data or other sources believed to be reliable. This report is provided for assistance only and is not 
intended to be and must not alone be taken as the basis for an investment decision. The user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this 
information. Each recipient of this report should make such investigation as it deems necessary to arrive at an independent evaluation of an 
investment in Securities referred to in this document (including the merits and risks involved), and should consult his own advisors to 
determine the merits and risks of such investment. The investment discussed or views expressed may not be suitable for all investors.  
This information is strictly confidential and is being furnished to you solely for your information. This information should not be reproduced 
or redistributed or passed on directly or indirectly in any form to any other person or published, copied, in whole or in part, for any purpose. 
This report is not directed or intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any 
locality, state, country or other jurisdiction, where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law, regulation or 
which would subject ESL and associates / group companies to any registration or licensing requirements within such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this report in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and persons in whose possession this report comes, should 
observe, any such restrictions. The information given in this report is as of the date of this report and there can be no assurance that future 
results or events will be consistent with this information. This information is subject to change without any prior notice. ESL reserves the 
right to make modifications and alterations to this statement as may be required from time to time. ESL or any of its associates / group 
companies shall not be in any way responsible for any loss or damage that may arise to any person from any inadvertent error in the 
information contained in this report. ESL is committed to providing independent and transparent recommendation to its clients. Neither ESL 
nor any of its associates, group companies, directors, employees, agents or representatives shall be liable for any damages whether direct, 
indirect, special or consequential including loss of revenue or lost profits that may arise from or in connection with the use of the 
information. Our proprietary trading and investment businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the 
recommendations expressed herein. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance .The disclosures of interest 
statements incorporated in this report are provided solely to enhance the transparency and should not be treated as endorsement of the 
views expressed in the report. The information provided in these reports remains, unless otherwise stated, the copyright of ESL. All layout, 
design, original artwork, concepts and other Intellectual Properties, remains the property and copyright of ESL and may not be used in any 
form or for any purpose whatsoever by any party without the express written permission of the copyright holders.  
ESL shall not be liable for any delay or any other interruption which may occur in presenting the data due to any reason including 
network (Internet) reasons or snags in the system, break down of the system or any other equipment, server breakdown, maintenance 
shutdown, breakdown of communication services or inability of the ESL to present the data. In no event shall ESL be liable for any 
damages, including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in 
connection with the data presented by the ESL through this report. 
We offer our research services to clients as well as our prospects. Though this report is disseminated to all the customers simultaneously, not 
all customers may receive this report at the same time. We will not treat recipients as customers by virtue of their receiving this report.  
ESL and its associates, officer, directors, and employees, research analyst (including relatives) worldwide may: (a) from time to time, have 
long or short positions in, and buy or sell the Securities, mentioned herein or (b) be engaged in any other transaction involving such 
Securities and earn brokerage or other compensation or act as a market maker in the financial instruments of the subject 
company/company(ies) discussed herein or act as advisor or lender/borrower to such company(ies) or have other potential/material 
conflict of interest with respect to any recommendation and related information and opinions at the time of publication of research 
report or at the time of public appearance. ESL may have proprietary long/short position in the above mentioned scrip(s) and therefore 
should be considered as interested. The views provided herein are general in nature and do not consider risk appetite or investment 
objective of any particular investor; readers are requested to take independent professional advice before investing. This should not be 
construed as invitation or solicitation to do business with ESL. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ESL or its associates may have received compensation from the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates may have 
managed or co-managed public offering of securities for the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates may have 
received compensation for investment banking or merchant banking or brokerage services from the subject company in the past 12 
months. ESL or its associates may have received any compensation for products or services other than investment banking or merchant 
banking or brokerage services from the subject company in the past 12 months. ESL or its associates have not received any compensation 
or other benefits from the Subject Company or third party in connection with the research report. Research analyst or his/her relative or 
ESL’s associates may have financial interest in the subject company. ESL and/or its Group Companies, their Directors, affiliates and/or 
employees may have interests/ positions, financial or otherwise in the Securities/Currencies and other investment products mentioned in 
this report. ESL, its associates, research analyst and his/her relative may have other potential/material conflict of interest with respect to 
any recommendation and related information and opinions at the time of publication of research report or at the time of public 
appearance.  
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i) exchange rates can 
be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market factors, including world 
and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) 
currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. 
Investors in securities such as ADRs and Currency Derivatives, whose values are affected by the currency of an underlying security, 
effectively assume currency risk. 
Research analyst has served as an officer, director or employee of subject Company: No 
ESL has financial interest in the subject companies: No 
ESL’s Associates may have actual / beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the month 
immediately preceding the date of publication of research report. 
Research analyst or his/her relative has actual/beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the 
month immediately preceding the date of publication of research report: No 
ESL has actual/beneficial ownership of 1% or more securities of the subject company at the end of the month immediately preceding the 
date of publication of research report: No 
Subject company may have been client during twelve months preceding the date of distribution of the research report. 
There were no instances of non-compliance by ESL on any matter related to the capital markets, resulting in significant and material 
disciplinary action during the last three years except that ESL had submitted an offer of settlement with Securities and Exchange 
commission, USA (SEC) and the same has been accepted by SEC without admitting or denying the findings in relation to their charges of 
non registration as a broker dealer. 
A graph of daily closing prices of the securities is also available at www.nseindia.com 
Analyst Certification: 
The analyst for this report certifies that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect his or her personal views about the 
subject company or companies and its or their securities, and no part of his or her compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly 
related to specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.  
Additional Disclaimers 
Disclaimer for U.S. Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited, which is the employer of the research analyst(s) who has prepared the 
research report. The research analyst(s) preparing the research report is/are resident outside the United States (U.S.) and are not 
associated persons of any U.S. regulated broker-dealer and therefore the analyst(s) is/are not subject to supervision by a U.S. broker-
dealer, and is/are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of FINRA or required to otherwise comply with U.S. rules 
or regulations regarding, among other things, communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by 
a research analyst account. 
This report is intended for distribution by Edelweiss Securities Limited only to "Major Institutional Investors" as defined by Rule 15a-
6(b)(4) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act, 1934 (the Exchange Act) and interpretations thereof by U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) in reliance on Rule 15a 6(a)(2). If the recipient of this report is not a Major Institutional Investor as specified above, 
then it should not act upon this report and return the same to the sender. Further, this report may not be copied, duplicated and/or 
transmitted onward to any U.S. person, which is not the Major Institutional Investor. 

 
Conference Call Transcript | Prince Pipes and Fittings 
Q3FY20 Results February 12, 2020 | Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the Exchange Act and interpretations thereof by the SEC in 
order to conduct certain business with Major Institutional Investors, Edelweiss Securities Limited has entered into an agreement with a 
U.S. registered broker-dealer, Edelweiss Financial Services Inc. ("EFSI"). Transactions in securities discussed in this research report should 
be effected through Edelweiss Financial Services Inc. 
 
Disclaimer for U.K. Persons 
The contents of this research report have not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA").  
 
In the United Kingdom, this research report is being distributed only to and is directed only at (a) persons who have professional 
experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”); (b) 
persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (including high net worth companies and unincorporated associations); and (c) 
any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant 
persons”). 
 
This research report must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to 
which this research report relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who 
is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this research report or any of its contents. This research report must not be distributed, 
published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other person.  
 
Disclaimer for Canadian Persons 
This research report is a product of Edelweiss Securities Limited ("ESL"), which is the employer of the research analysts who have 
prepared the research report.  The research analysts preparing the research report are resident outside the Canada and are not 
associated persons of any Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer and, therefore, the analysts are not subject to supervision by a 
Canadian registered adviser and/or dealer, and are not required to satisfy the regulatory licensing requirements of the Ontario Securities 
Commission, other Canadian provincial securities regulators, the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and are not 
required to otherwise comply with Canadian rules or regulations regarding, among other things, the research analysts' business or 
relationship with a subject company or trading of securities by a research analyst. 
 
This report is intended for distribution by ESL only to "Permitted Clients" (as defined in National Instrument 31-103 ("NI 31-103")) who 
are resident in the Province of Ontario, Canada (an "Ontario Permitted Client").  If the recipient of this report is not an Ontario Permitted 
Client, as specified above, then the recipient should not act upon this report and should return the report to the sender.  Further, this 
report may not be copied, duplicated and/or transmitted onward to any Canadian person. 
 
ESL is relying on an exemption from the adviser and/or dealer registration requirements under NI 31-103 available to certain 
international advisers and/or dealers.  Please be advised that (i) ESL is not registered in the Province of Ontario to trade in securities nor 
is it registered in the Province of Ontario to provide advice with respect to securities; (ii) ESL's head office or principal place of business is 
located in India; (iii) all or substantially all of ESL's assets may be situated outside of Canada; (iv) there may be difficulty enforcing legal 
rights against ESL because of the above; and (v) the name and address of the ESL's agent for service of process in the Province of Ontario 
is: Bamac Services Inc., 181 Bay Street, Suite 2100, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2T3 Canada. 
 
Disclaimer for Singapore Persons 
In Singapore, this report is being distributed by Edelweiss Investment Advisors Private Limited ("EIAPL") (Co. Reg. No. 201016306H) which 
is a holder of a capital markets services license and an exempt financial adviser in Singapore and (ii) solely to persons who qualify as 
"institutional investors" or "accredited investors" as defined in section 4A(1) of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
("the SFA"). Pursuant to regulations 33, 34, 35 and 36 of the Financial Advisers Regulations ("FAR"), sections 25, 27 and 36 of the 
Financial Advisers Act, Chapter 110 of Singapore shall not apply to EIAPL when providing any financial advisory services to an accredited 
investor (as defined in regulation 36 of the FAR. Persons in Singapore should contact EIAPL in respect of any matter arising from, or in 
connection with this publication/communication. This report is not suitable for private investors. 
Copyright 2009 Edelweiss Research (Edelweiss Securities Ltd). All rights reserved 
