Scrlp code: CENiRALBK
Scrip code:-328I!
The Executive Direclol =----
National Stock Exchange of hdia Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5rh Floor,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 OSI
senerat [ranager
Dept. of Corporate Servlces.
BSE Ltd.
Phlroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort
Mumbai 400001
arstdq
CO:MBD:2019-20r682
Cenlral Otflco
04ti February, 2020
Thanking you,
Yours falthfully,
For CENTRAL BANK OF
ANAND KUMAR DAS
DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER /
COMPANY SECRETARY
Sc{ 96, rfrqr cRie, 5d{ - 400 02i . RGafr : 2202 6429,6638 7777
SE{ gd, rfrql miiz, gEi - 4OO 021 . (cqi : 2202 6429,6638 7777
Chander Mukhi, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021 . Tet. : 2202 6438, 6638
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub : Transcrlpls of Bank's conteronce c8tl
Further to our tetter no. CO:MBDr2019-20:665
transcrlpts ol confer€nce call held with lhe
Financial Results for the thlrd quarter and nlne
Please take the abovo on record.
with the Anatysts
dated 24rh January, 2020, we submit herewjlh
Analysts on 28.0 j.2020 on Bank,s Reviewed
months ended 31t| December 2019.
o ft-* : (91-22) 2204 4336
o $-* : (91-22) 2204 4336
7777 . Fax : (91-22) 2204 4336
INDIA
"",'i]ii": "g

"Central Bank of India
Q3 FY2020 Earning Conference Call"
Januarv 28.2020
ANALYST: MR. SoEAtr- HALAI - ANTIQUE STocK BRoKNc
MANAGETfi,Na: MR. PALLAV MoEAPATRA - MANAGING DnECToR &
CFIFT ExEcUTnT OFFICER - CENTRAL BANK oF INDIA
MB. P. RAMANA MURTEY - ExEcUTIvE Dn,EcToR -
CENTRAL BANKoF INDIA
MR. B.S. SmIGAWAT - EXECUTNT DIRECTOR -
CENIRAL BANK OF INDIA
MR. ALoK SRIVASTAVA - EXECIrIIVE DRECTOR -
CENTRAL BANK OT INDIA
MR. MUKUL N DANDIGE - CHT T Ftr{ANcIAL OFFICER -
CENTRAL BANK oF INDIA
AA
ANTIqUE
Page I of 18

L
Central Bank of India
January 28, 2020
SohrilHalat:
Ladi6 dd g6tlmm, g@d day and w€l6oe to the Central Bank ot lndia Q3 FY2O2O
eafrings confdfrce call hosted by Antique Stock Broki.e Limited. As a rdindq all
panicipant lins willbe in the listmanly mode dd ths€ will be an opportunity for you to
ask questions aftd the presstaiion concludes. Should you need asklaDce during ihe
conference call pleae si€nal d opemior by presing'r" ihen 0" on a touchtone phone.
Plde note that tiis @nfsqc€ is being rqrded. I oow hand the confqmce over to M..
Sohail Halai ftob Antique Stock Brcking Limited. Thank you dd ovfl lo you Sn!
Tbank you Lizaan. very good qeni.g to all of you. So today we have with us the otire
nanagmenr fton Cmtal Bank of India repr66t€d by Mr. Pallav Mohapah wbo is the
MD, Mr. Muithy, Mr. Shelhawat, Mr. Srivdtava who re the EDs of the @mpany dd Mr.
Mukul CFO. So without spending anyDore tine hde I *illshaight away handed ove.lo
Pallav Sn for his openi.S .ena.ks posl wbich we an ops the floor for quslion and
a.swds. Ovq to you Sirl
Tbank you and good evoing to all ofyou..To siart with my opoing rmdks I willjust
outlineihe inniaiive we have take in the bak on the sttucturc part, proces part, HR pan
add the lT part. ID rhh financial year, we have dore lhe rdtructuring ofour organiation
setup by creting nore r€gional offices so thar ecb regional offlce should have a bandwidth
fion 50 io 60 b8cnes a against @rliq of more thu | 00 bmnches. So there is a focus on
fie businss ard ihs€ is a focus on the 6ntrol. And we hav€ r€duc€d fie zonal of6cers
fiom 13 to l0 lhai is b@ause ths€ zonal offce.s instad of being our sMnd layq of the
controlle., we have bdically created in sucb a way liat tley bsom€ the extoded ams of
cmt al office for stntegy making in their respeclive 86graphi6 and tbey will provide Lhe
sabling tuncrions to tbe reeional ofrc6 so thal the regional ofiicqs de not boeeed down
with all the HR mart6, the IT matters, rhat lhey focus or iie businss targ€B which have
In orda to delayq vdious lay* in lhe systm Gp€cially in the cr€dir side and aho in
i&lution of stresed asets. we cr@ied sevo corporate litance branchs and six nid
corpoEte br@ch€s dd these are reponitrg directly to the GMs in the cotral office ed lhe
prcposah endating ftom these bran.hs do not get rcuted through .egional offce or zonal
offices. Tbis is basically the two-prcneed approach. one is consolidation of th€ qpedse in
the c!€dit arq and the s@nd is to reduce tbe tumaround titue.
The third initiaiive. which we took was, Blructuring of Catzlised ftocesing cotr6 tbr
Rdail Loans. These cenl6 wde not doiog the fld-to-sd procssing iD cde of the .ehil
loo. Aftd a proposal ha! been sourced. lhey wq. doing the procssinS, givitg the sanction
Page 2 of l8

Central Ba k oflhdia
Ja uary 28, 2020
a.d afte. that lhqe w6 no iole and rqponsibility of thee CCPC. Now with this fld-io_md
rsponsibility after getting tle loan prcpo$h, they will not only do the due diligqc€
proc€ss but ihey will do the documqiation. they will open th€ accou.ts on the branch @de
fion whqe the proposals have come dd also th€y wiu do lhe credil monitodng Tlis wd
rh€ basic objetive for crstion of dd-to-od the cqt alized credit prccessing bEnch6.
Tte fouitb one wa cr@tion of s*en strcsed asset nanagmst branchs for SMA I,
SMA ll ed NPAS witb outstanding of Rs- 25 Cror6 aDd above, and eieht ARBS for
account wilh arhouni belw@ Rs, 5 Cror€s md Rs, 25 Crore so thai th€.e is a fastd
rsotution procds whethd il is Btructudng or OTS or ele lo ARC or the DRT process or
fie auction prccss. We have also dated marketing vali€h in the regional oltic€s
because brancl managqs hitherto wqe doing marketing for tieir own customqs 6 well as
non-customqs. To gve more focus to the lrdch managqs lo do up sell and doss seU for
iieir own cusionns, we crat€d tle markeling veliical id the r€ional offics so that thev
can basically source fie blsin6s proposals and aho do the crcss sell for tbe non_cusloms.
They have bd givq the KRh a.d their perfomances d€ neasured based on tbe targ.ls
given to then for eenel,adon of led aod the qualiry of the lead. Tl€ qualitv of lead is
asss€d based o. rhe l@d @nv6ioD.
On the HR ftoni, we have stan€d with sone initialivs which I feel will b€ gane changq to
inprove the qualily of lhe resourca in the bank. One is succession plannine which
includes the compet$cy mapping, Ihat is the officrs who ate having th€ expenise io
panialar ara can be 8rconed in that particula. ra to asume la.gd l@ddhip posilion
w€ have also introduced nw perfomdce msagement system which is based on
neasu.able idgets and this is being rwiwed ot a quaneily bdis lt is not rhat al tbe md of
the y@ only lhey acbieve the target and they get Sood narks. we have built in a level
playine field where the 1016 and r6ponsibilities of tbe same nature de grouP€d undd one
particular @hon, so lhat there is no mismalci iD the assessnet of the ofiicds belonging to
rh€ diffqqt coho s. we have aho introdrced the concept of job fMilv and the
identificadon prccss for a job fanily hav€ bm compleled add the p@ple within that
panicula. job fanily will be posl€d in the rcle pqtaiDing ro that panicular job !p to lhe
level ofAGM (Assisldl Cqqd Manager).
Th€ frlire training architecture is being rwarnped in lhe bank od we have oeaged
consuhant for doing rhe training impacl ualysis to asscs ifth€ curmt trainitg nodules are
the.ighi modu16 to inpan the knowl€dge which is required in this fdt changing boking
scodio and hov the .esou.ces are uFskilled and up-to-date in lhs€ areas We have also
int oduced +leming module od now our of I 00 ndks, five mdks are mudatorilv for the
Page 3 of 18

Ce tlal Bank of India
Ja uary 28, 2020
ei@mine. Ifa pqsn bas noldone this eleaming then he los6 five narks. This is nainly
n focus on impdting rhe knowledee and the rGources to undngo @le based procss so thai
rhey can up skill and upgade their howledse level. We have aho inrroduced hunan
rsource managment sysrm whde fte manage,s cd tudion / app.ove lhe leave or the
adva.ces of their subordinata on the move on lhe nobile applistion.
On revanping the process in lT, we have laks various iniiiadvc. The prccess is undway
tb.ough wbich w€ are soing to have @ od-to-ed loan lifeycle managemot systd which
will stan from the lad gensation, origination of dedit prorbsal, undtuiting and c@djl
nonitonng. It will have APIS wnh ou$ide agdcies so thal the risk mitigation is built into
lb€ credit prccssing as well as in the credit monitorjng. We have al$ inrroduced and
launched our dlerpris€ wide fi-iud risk nanagmfll solutiod, The phase I of thal in five
differ€'rl channeh have be€! implemenred and ihis is a phased mmnq implmdlation and
we will be conpletirg this exacise by Decmber ll, 2020. We have egag€d consulrdt
for running a p@jst on business t ansfomalion in the bank where ihe focus wiltbeon the
retail. agriculture, MSME, cr€dil monnonng, crcs sell dd how to use dala anatytics to do
we have rationalized nuy retail lod prcducts whicb wse ovslapping and in o.dq io
avoid the contusion at the opdatine level and ro giv€ more focus on 6h flow based model.
We have Fiionalized dound out of25 existing retail loan producls to a.ound 12. We have
introduced a new busings retail loan prcduct which is catl€d the cenr business toan. We
Iave shiffed fron security based financins to rhe cash flow based financing. we are also
engaging witl the Finteh conpaDi€s to 8ei a right platfom where we can do online
loding. Though allthepublic sector banks a.e on PSB loans ar 59 ninute online rDrtal for
MSME loans. we are also in discussion with othd Finlech ampani€s, to get a .ighl
platfom fo. othd t|e of loans whqe thde is online processine with inbuit nsk miligarion
This is on the innialivs whicb we have rakq. The presotatioD bas ben posted on ou.
investor page in our website. The highliehts of the pafomance du.ing this quadq. is rhat
nel profit had inprcv€d from a los ofRs.7l8 Crcrs in Q3 FYl910 PrcfilofRs.l55 Crcrs
in Ql FY2020. TheCASA, which is a strong point of our bark has imprcved li.on,t4.64%
in Q3 FY200l9 io 45.49% in Q3 FY2020- The.e is a grcwrh in total delosit. Ou. g.o$
NPA % h6 reduced ftom 20.64010 to I 9.99%- Nel NPA has r€duced ftom I 0.12% io 9.26%
and the prcvision covdage ratio hd inprcv€d fton 69.52% ro 73.73%.
Page 4 of 18

Cektrul Bank oflndia
Ja uery 28, 2020
The NIM h6 afso shown an lpri,ck froft 2.74o to 2.92d/o d6Pit€ the fact ihat we bave
moved to linking our p.icine on Housing, Vehicle lods & MSE loans to the REPo .are
(qternal lenchndk) and thqe hs b@ sofre inpact on ih€ yield on advancc Since ve
are able to do more of the CASA, fie cost of tunds is coming down and on account of
which we see an uptick in nei intsest mdgin.
Opsating prcfit has giown nore ihe doub!€ from Rs. 715 Crcres to Rs. 1696 Crc.s. Net
Profit, ROA and ROE have been positive in tbe lhr@ qua.ters so far in ihe cuFe FY Cost
10 In@ne Elio has also come down ftom 69.70% to 48.14%. We hav€ t€en able 10 onrol
our opeiating qpo<liiure wlich is one of the main r@sons for this siSnificdt imPrcvendl
in the cost to incom€ ratio.
The catiial adequacy nlio also imlroved &on 9.34% to 12.83%. As pn th€ regulatory
guideline tle CRAR fo.31.03.2020 ha to be minimun 11.50% as against tbat we re
The lev@ge ralio has aho inprcved ftom 3.42% to 4.39"/0 a agaiDst rhe iegulalory
requienent df 3.50%. So both the CRAR and lev668e mtio are much above the th6hold
as ps the r€crlatory grideline. On the liability side. I will say thse is r@sonably good
ero*tb and espeially in the CASA d€losits the g.owlh is good tut on the a$et sid€, there
is a degrowth. If I 8o sequotially ftom Septenbd 2019 to D€ember 2019, deerowth is
mainly on account of fie tehnical write offs which we did in case of 13 accounb whqe the
100% provision vas available to the tune of Rs. 2900-odd Crores. Otbd than tbat. we lav€
sem in rhis cutmt finocjal year thai ibough our Pfional se8mdt loan have grow.
€specially in ihe home loe but fitre is a deg.owth in MSME, agrtculiure and als Oe
corporaE roan s€81nen6.
ln Corporate loos. w€ wiU be able to nake up and elieve tbe targel bsause we de
getting good prcposals fion A and betts rated conpani€s. In MSME s€eme.t, since we
moved ftom the seurity b6ed lending to cash flow bs€d l€nding, 1btre bas been largd
r€payments in the ac@unrs on acconnt of wbich the MSME deSrowlh is thqe. we de
trying our b€st and wenn two campaiFs during this financialy@r of45 days @ch dd we
have seen ene uptick in lhe sanclions ad eros disbursmenls ud with the int oduclion of
the new product which is getting lo1 of a(enlion ftob tbe MSME bonow*, we are hopetul
that se will be able to cofre close to ihe tdeet which we have set for ou6elv6 for Mmh
2020.
Page 5 of l8

Central Bank oflndia
January 28, 2020
In lh€ ponfolio ofour orpoEte asset we hav€ arcuDd 65% ofrhebook which is invesmenl
grad€ and above, and around 50% of our book is A .ated and above So on ihe quality of the
@rporate book, it is mairtained and thqe is nor nuch of str6s in that. rf r look ar my
NBFC ponfolio which is ?.810/" oflhe tolal advdca, ihde is a NPA ptrsrage of I4.27%
and najo. pan of dris NPA is@mirg fton th.e NBFCS, Dwan HousinS Fi.anceLimiled,
IL&FS Financial Sdics and Religa.e Fitrv6t. So th6e rhc accounls @nstitute around
92% of lh€ total NBFC NPA.
Othe. than lhese thr€i NBFCS, the NBFC bmk is pdominS well in our bank od.ince Ne
are basically taking exposure on bettq Eted NBFCS throud dire.t €xposure. In qse ofrhe
dnet exposlre we are doing more d pd the RBI guidelinG ofAugust 2019 ci.culdwhich
is based on the onlcldilg qualitiDg for Priodty S@tor Loans. Now we have moved frcm
working capit l advancs to NBFC to 1m loe advdc€s ft.ouci which we are miligating
In case of the unrated, whalwq you see on page #18, lfr" *rpo."t" "sa 
qrufiry, .u.jo,
portion of the unrated is exposure backed by slale govmmql gadanrce or rh€ central
govennent Suardte dd in cme of the stat6 gov€mnent guarante 6ough tbese &ounrs
are unrated but we get ihe b€nefit of 20% risk w€ight. So fton that point of viw, the
qualily of the book is maintained.
This is on tbe businss pan. During the Q3, if you go to page #25 of the praenlaiion there
is a Rs. 4000 Croc of slippage. Out of this Rs. 4000 C.ores of slippage, I would say
around 55% is @ning 6om fte divsgsce ed the rmaining is fron othd than th€
divergmce. tn case of othd han tbe divergmce, najo. ponion is coning ftom the
co.porate book which is giving a slippage of arcund 1600 Crores and there are fiv€ accounts
which constitute na.ior ponion. Th€se are Dewan Housing Finance Linil€d. Seya Industry,
FlqituffVmtur6, IL&FS Ssurity Swics ed Sinplex Inftdtruclure.
Out of th6e five accounrs, we are quite hopetul that in two ac@unis we will be able to do
tle resolution befo.e Mdch 3 I , 2020. We are hopetul thal in the Q4 through 1h€ prccss of
sale to ARC and OTS proposals which have be6 sanctioned and the recove.y uperadalion
of the ac@unts lhrcugh rdtruc.uriDg, we will be able lo upsade or rsovq major ponion
of the slippages which we are seing now.
This is in shon on the businss pdametds On the olhtr slida whicb we have given on the
alhale delivery chdnels. share of alhat€ delivsy clannel also inprcved from 59% to
Page 6 of 18

Central Bank of India
January 28, 2020
70plo ard the trdsaclions though UPI co.ribute lbe najor pan. We are incr6ine our
Intmet banking us6 and mobile banking us6 and we have modeled our mobile
banking alplication, which is morc usq iii@dly. Ou. confibution id the finacial inclusion
is al$ 8rcwing and rhrouSli Prime Ministd Jd Dhd Yojana a@unrs, sizable amount of
deposns nbeine mobiliz€d. Thk is in shod aboul the pafonoce ofthe bank in Q3-
I an r@dy tbr qustions,
Tbank you ve'y much. w€ will now b€ein the qu6tion and answer s6sion. Ladies dd
gotlemm we will wait for a oom€nl while the question quoe asmbl6. The fi6t
question is ftom the line of Anirban Sarkar fiom Principal India. Plede go ah@d.
Thanks for the opportunily. Jusi a 6uple of qu61ions, so while we have done a goodjob of
r€gnition of lhe str6s otr our books ud proactive r@gnirioD of the satue, we stiu
continue 10 se divtrgqc€ being poinred out by rhe RBI so what ould be the resn for
ihe sane and do we see lhis comi.g ofii. tie tuture o. what are we doing b nininize the
gaps which RBI ses as a problm and we do not?
The major ponion oI this divsgoce is coming in the agriculture a@unts. Ther€ were
some issu6 at the time of th€ migrarion ofac@unrs lo cBs. Now all drse cases have b6
rakq care off and the system has bem cleaned up and now th6e t)?e of issu€s is not
comi.g up whether it is aeiculture. MSME or retail. In all th@ seelnents. i.e. aenculture
reiail ad MSME, we have i.ks @e of the systens so rbat bmefonh the div6gmces do
not @me. In the corpo.ate. il would be b4ed on how the regllato. is looking at the
advance In case of corporate loan based on the leaming ftofr the divergences pointed out
by rcgllalor, we de inprcving our und@.iting dd nonitori.g prccases-
Alrigbt.lhmk you Sn and one nore questio. ifl nay so, on one oflh€ biSgq HFCS whicb
on€ bank h6 classified d a ftaud now with the promotq being aftesled tha! ue we
rwnably sure that iow all ba.ks has to .ecognize n as a ftaud and thdefore have to
provide in the next one year o. how should we look a1 it?
Each bank tak6 its d@ision. Tte KPMC Forssic Audit Repon is now available wilh all
the banks. We are aho malyzing rb€ rgpofl and we will tale a call suilably as to what aclion
Okay. And Sir one lasl qu€stion, so did we hale any recoldis fron S R? Did we had it on
ou. books 0d k th€ security Keipt?
Page 7 of l8

Central Ba k oflndia
January 28, 2020
You de asking Seurity Reeipts or Essd.
No I an talkinS abour Esar Steel.
I. case ofEsd Stel, our bek oulsi.nding was Rs. 423 C.o.es. we got a rsovery of463
C!or6 so Rs. 423 Crores wmt to reduce NPA and Rs.40 Crcres was booked as the intdest
incone. Against this Rs. 423 Crcr6 book outstanding, Rs. 160 Crcres wd the provision.
So Rs. I 60 Croc of provision was Mitlq back. The net bqefit whicb ve gor Aom this
rdolution was Rs. 160 Cror6 as the Miie back ofprovision plus Rs. 43 Crcrs as the
intddt income, So we got toral income of Rs. 203 Crcre lion this rdolution,
Ok y fair mough. Thankyou Sir.
Thank you. Tle next question is Aon lhe line ofHash Shah ftom ICIC1 Seu.iti6. Plese
so ahsd.
Sir I have few questions, so first oneis that to @m€out ofthe PCA lhe net NPA has lo go
below 6010 but for us again lhis qlanq we haye sem a sharp rise in ihe nel NPA ratio, s by
whar time do you think will @m€ ont ofPCA?
As pq the.oadnap apprcved by lh€ board, 31.3.2020 is the dneline to .one our of lhe
PCA. Excelt foi.et NPA we are meeting all othq crits,a. The net NPA is now lhe only
parametd on which we d€ Dot qualilin8. Du€ to the divqSoce Sivd by RBI, the
accourts that slipped into NPA as on 31.3.2019, the prcvisioning requneo€nt is l5%. Tle
NPA has gone up with the proftioning of 15% so it wiu detniorate the nel NPA
ptrotage s o.ly 15% prcvision was neld. In Q4 we are quiie sure thal we will be able to
do sone si$ificant Movay or upgradation in major ac@unts and we will be able to
@ntrol the dippage ratio which shot up in Ql 6 aeainst Q2. In Q2 we se.e able to contain
it below one pncst. We will be trying our lael best to maini.in whatevs ae w@ able to
do in ihe slippage rado in Q2. Alongwith this ard by increasing onr advances, w€ d€ Lying
ourlevelbdt 10 bnng n bebw the thrshold givo by RBI fo. PCA.
Sir the slippage ratio dcluding RBI divqgence what would be that?
Slippase F1io excluding RBI divqcqce is l EE%. Beause in this guand, we saw
slippage in Dewan Housing with Rs. 1000 C.ores and tbde sw slippaSc in fouFfive
corponre accounts, total rogerhtr in those five accounts was around Rs. 1400 cror€s. This
was the r€ason for this slitpaee ralio.
Hrrsh Sh.h:
HlnhShrhl
Page 8 of 18

Harsh Shrh:
Cehtlal Bank ofl dia
January 28,2020
Okay. Sir afier the Esar rcolution rhe list one is ve.y snail and the list lwo is arcund
Rs. 5300 Crores so what is the arpetarion ovq thde for rsoven6 because we h€ld a very
good prcvision PCR on tbat?
we lav. 90% PCR in the lkt 2. I am hopitg thal thde will be recov€ry in lwo three
accou.ts, one is Reliarce Codnunicalion. bul thqe the reoverv percdi.ge will be! in the
6geof25% to l0oloi.e. arcund ?0%to 75% haircut. I am hopetul that bv Marcb 31 2020
in fw accounts ths€ will be some Bolution. So thqe will be son€ write back of the
p.ovisions. AccounK in de lisr 2. like Alok Industie, Blushu Pows and St@i and Jaiswal
Neco, wesold to ARC on l00p/o cash basis in Mdch' 19 ln few oths.efraining accounb
if we are able 10 do .ecovdy in three four accounts we will be geiting a wnte back of
provisions ofaround l0% to l5%.
Thal is good. Funha could you qualitatively elaboote sonelbing on the pown s@to.
ln Powq s@ror. one acco!.t got rdolv€d and ihe money has bo received bv all the
b.nks, whichis Raian India. The seond account; which is Coastal Enqgen it wa aere€d
by all 1he bankr to go alr@d wirb the OTS proposal {hde lhe money is coming liom the
inv6lo.. Tworhree bbks are left for eiving the apprcval. tho!8h it was aseed ro in ihe
joint lodes forum by all tbe banks. we are qrite hopelil thar ihe monev will come bv
March 31,2020. in this account also. In the case ofJaiprakch Powd Vdtures Linited, we
have qposure in tvo powq pla.ts one in Nig.i aod the seond is Bi.a. So tbae lhe
rdtrucuring was done in 201 8 wilh ihe unsuslainabl€ portion of debt was conv€ned into
CRPS, whde documenlaiioD is tobe compleled. I am quite bopetul that 1he docunotation
will be compl€ted by the fld of this nonlb. In c6€ of sushinable ponio. the comPanv is
paying 6 pq the repayment schedul€. Bnr since this accou.t *ill be uPgraded onlv with
€ithq repaymmt of20% ofthe residual debt or lwo years, whichevn k la1d, $ this would
be upgraded only in the FY 2021.
So one more your doubl€ BB dd below book is Rs. 9000 Cro.6 S; vhat could be the
$limat€d slippages ftom that?
when you look at Rr. 9000 cror6 which is BB and b€low najor portion oflbis BB dd
below de accounh backed in stale govmment 8r,aranr6. So we a.€ not much woded, tbe
risk weight is aho vdy comfodatle at 20%. Regarding exact figure oul of lhis BB and
below of 9406 how nuch is lhe exposurc aeairct the state Sovmmflr guaranlee, right now
I do nol have the figlre. Wewillsod you s€pa.ately.
Page 9 of 18

Central Bank oflndid
January 28, 2020
HrEh Sluh:
HarshSbrh:
Sir within the 6sel quality lhe MSME book ha sM d incr6e in NPA so wlich sdos
basi@lly are facing sirss, dy s@tor speific strss w€ are facing?
MSME is all a$oss. Thse s@tos are tqtils, inim€diate steel. the swices e1c, It is all
am$, It is not any particular sector which is showing that much of str6s.
Okay and Sir whai abo!1the new id nie r%ine by wha will we take the benefit of nsv
we a.e doi.g lhal a.alysis and wnh the apprcval ofihe boa.d we will 1ake a call and we
have tihe up b 11.3.2020. You are talkine about this @rporate.ate reduction of 35% io
25r/dndhr?
we $ ill lal<e a call, whelh( qe wrll @Drinue wuh rhe MAT or qe w,ll (qnch o;n b Ure
reduc€d td struclure. As ofnow I cannot basically divulge because dll I get the approval
from the board th€n only I will be abl€ to divulge.
one last one. any intq se agr@ent lhal you have signed r@otly?
Ints se ageedent in all rhe accou.ts wnn Rs. 2000 C.o.es and above have been signed.
Some ofthe cas6 whq€ 180 days pqiod have expired by Juuary 10. we are working wnh
the lronotm for *ly Bolution and we are quite hopetul. In slch cas6. we tr€ givine
tine up to say Ma.ch 15, o. Mdch 20. Ifno relructuring happens lho we will file the
applicstion with the NCLT by Mdch 3 I , 2020. In such cases only I 0% additional prcvision
is requned bul ifthse is a rdtructlnnt reslution dd if ihe same is @mplet€d, rhen the'e
is no requi.mmt of addilional prcvisior. Once it is admiued in NCLT rhen rhis I0% will
Si. what is the cutMl PCR wemainrain o. those accounts?
HlnhSbrh:
HlnhShrb:
Haruh Shrh:
Hrr.I Sh.hl
Hfsh Snan:
On those accounts Rs. 2000 Crors and I 500 Crore?
I hav€ th€ list of Individual accounb bul if you ask me the PCR on $ese accounts, I have to
calculale and tben tell you-
okay no prcbien Sn. Ttat would be ilon ny side. Thdk you.
Page l0 of 18

Centrcl Bank of India
January 28, 2020
Thek you. The nqt qu6tion is fton the line ofMB Mahesh fron Kolak Seu.itis. Pl@se
Cood aftemoon Sn. Iu$ a f€w qu6rioDs, on€ @uld you jun again glve the detaih of 1vo
thin8s. one RBI'S inspeclion, what &e they chsking in the a€d portfolio because is it quite
difficult for thm to account to ac@unt to s@ whal divqgoce are there?
In sone states. natuml caladity took place y@ after year. Now in case of the natural
calanity, the aericullure loaos are .$tructured 6 ps guid€lin6 of RBI. As per lhe nastd
cirular ofRBI.ot only 1he rescledulement ofthepaynent is donebnt fr6h loans are also
given. Now in those cases what happens is that suppose a linit ofRs-100 has bM givo, if
thqe d€ thre onssutive natural €lamiiig then the oulstandings may b@one Rs. 130 or
Rs. 140. So ihose are ihe cdes whse RBI is finding concm. Sothis is one fado. whicb is
basically who tbey pull out the dunp ih€y find it and rhey say that rh6e accounts would be
downsBded. Thq€ a.e sone ac@unts whqe dunne the nigration fton nanual to cBS
thqe wqe ene data issu6. Nov we hav€ done'ihe cleaning up and the system has beo
pul in place so lhat lhee is no r@umceof these typeofdivergoc€ in tuture.
Pefst. Sirjusr th€ olhq qu6iion on the slippages can youjust tell us baring Dwan you
just have indicated a few olher accou.ts what wde those? SMnd on ihe re@vd$ whal
arc the najor reovqies for the quarler &d lbird wbat is your qpected r@vsi6 in tefrs
of la.g€ ac@unts for the foudh quans that would be?
Olhe' thar tft. divsesce so it ws bsically mund 2000-odd Crores dd out of this
Dewan is aroudd Rs- I 000 Cro.es. there is anothd account Seya Industry of Rs. I 77 Crcres.
Flqtuff Intflational venturs Limited anoths Rs. 90 Crores, IL&IS Securities Sdices
Linited Rs. 80 Cror6 dd Sinpld lnftastrucb.e Linned Rs. 55 Crores. Th6e are the five
rop accounts whqe 1be slippage inio corporate book happm du.ing rhe l6t qua.tq.
And in tems of major recovsic for the quand?
The major rcovqid are Rs. 453 Crors ir E$ar which include Rs. 43 C.o.es in rhe
intdest. Recovay was in.Jyori Linil€d *he.e lh€ reduction *as Rs. 140 Crors and thse
wqe lot of accounts whde reovdes mdng betwM l0 Crors dd 20 Crc6 wqe thq€
and the lotal is Rs. 1280 Crc6. So if I lake Essar rsov€ry of Rs. 423 Crores in book
outstanding and the 140 C.ors in the Jyoli Indust.is Limited, so this works out 10 arcund
Rs. 570 Ciores and hen there wso.€@vqi6 jn accounts like Lanco Teesta Hydrc Pows
MB Mrhsh:
MB Mrheh:
MBMd4h:
Page ll of l8

Central Bank of India
January 28, 2020
of Rs. 67 Crcres we nade rcovqies in Mosqbaq India Limited through the ele
propeny of Rs. 36 Crcres. Th6e are the ma.jor, orhwise ihae a.e in the tug€
Rs. l0 Cror6lo Rs. 20 Crcrs wh@ rMveries took place.
And for the fourtb quartd Sn?
For the fourth quanq the major aMunrs whne I an dpecling the reovery or the
upgadation, Coasial Endgd book oulstarding of around Rs. 600 Cr. In Marix Fenilizds
ed Chdicals, there will be Btdcluring with rhe existing bomwd so it will be upgaded
only in 2021. I am expeling upgradadon in the ecount of Religare Finver Lituired wh@
there is a change in managment so it wiu be ifrnediat€]y upgraded. So these de the ibG
major amunls whft I am seeing upgradation and reovery we have giva approval for
Sal€ to ARC under Swiss chaUenge method in sone accouDts dd aho in shallaccounts we
are runring nondbcreiionary nondisc.ininatory one tine sertlmedt scheme. wiih expel€d
reolery ofsomething dound Rs. 2000{dd Crcr$. So I an expe.dng something aroudd
Rs.4000 Crors of rMvdy thrcugh all lhele 'n6ur6
Sn the line for the cutmi participant got disconner€d. we will nove to tbe nqt qu6rion.
Thenqt question is ftom the line ofJay MundE fton B&K Seuririe. Pleare go ahead.
Sir tbank you fo. the opponunity. Sir I wanted to know what all ICA tbai we have signed.
standard ICA that we have signed?
Standaid ICA which we have signed whtr the exposure was mo.e than Rs. 2000 Crcrs is
only one lefi that is CMR Kanaldga Energy Linit€d. Tlis ac@urt has come out of SMA
category and now lhe 180 days pqiod will stan wim thqe is a fresh defauft. So now ihqe
is norhirg, ReligareFinvest vas SMA but ir has dipped i.to NPA.
As of now thqe is only one accounl which is in ICA and as of now that hd als bM
resolv€d n8}t, beause it ha! come out of SMA?
S@ond account is the Bajaj Hinduslan Limned which aho cane out of a SMA category.
The ftesh I 80 days will only t isgn ftom the date of nqt defaul1.
Sir in tms of your SMA II highlighled SMA I and SMA II dound 2047 Crores, and five
ofsMA I and II rigbt. Rs.2047 Crc6.
MBMlbAh:
Page 12 of l8

Central Bank oflltdia
Ja uery 28, 2020
Y6. So I want€d to know which arc $e top live accounts bqe?
If I look at SMA II tbft is no najor account whq€ qc@t fo. Bera Wind Fm Private
Limiled ( Rs. 88 Cmres), I do not se any major accounts. There are srnall accounts where
we are quit€ confident that w€ will be able to upgrade.
Okay so that is the o.ly accounl which is substdlial?
Y6, that is the najor account. Oth6 are in tbe mgeof Rs. l0 Rs. 15 Croles. we de
very @nfidgt lbat najor portion of thse, we will be able ro save fron slippage.
Sir in tems of you. BB and below book that you have highlighted in tms of NBFC slide
and also ovdall what arc tle top five acmunis here in BB and b€lo* ategory so let ey if I
s€e your NBFC book and total is aiound I1000 Crcres ofwhich dound 22% is the BB and
BB and below book we hav€ a significant pottion with stare goveohent clarante. Right
no* I do nol have tbat figure with me but my CFO cd share with you. Thtre is no majo.
account. Th€i€ may be some e@unrs with Rs. 5 Cror€s to 6 Crc6 exposurc wbich nay be
in BB Since last two yffi we are not i.king rhe ftesh exposlre in th€ BB & below @red
compoies. In olbq acmunls, we arc ako nol seing down gradation of the a..ounrs fion
the inveslh@t ro b€low invetmenr grade in rhe ld rwo ytr,
Und4iood Sir. Sir wbat is your 1or.l powe. NPA outstanding?
Sir we have ad exposure of around Rs. 9000 Crores in the powq sstor, out of whicb rhe
NPA is Rs. 3600 Cffs and the piovision we are holding against ihat is Rs. 2420 C.ores.
Sir you mstioned that you wqe exp€ting a nd tm recovery Ratan India is already you
In D@embq quanq, we got rh€ recovery in Ratan India, Religare we d€ quite confident
that tbis will be upeEd€d by March 31. In dother accounr - Bqituff. we de qlite
confidot ftis will be upgraded by Mdch 31. Thqe is uothq accounl thar slipped in
Decmbd 201 8, Chentrok. we a.e very confiddt thar w€ wil' b€ abl€ to upgade by March
3l. There d€ few othn accounts aho whq€ the qposure size is in the range ofRs. 85-100
c, we de very @ntidmt eiths sone of these will be upgraded or the recovery qill be done.
In fw rcad prcjets accounts, the prcces for sle to ARC has bm initiated We saw the
success in cde of the sal€ of the road as€ts ro ARc in the fi6l qu.n€r as well as itr rhe
Page 13 ofl8

Central Bank oflndia
January 28, 2020
third quand. So lhe prccGs is being nmp€d and we will be able to sell sone of thqe road
asets to ARC on I 00% cash bais rhioush Swiss challsge nethod.
Okay. And do you hav€ exposure 10.,indal Ldia Thernal Sir?
Thankyou. Thenql quslionjs Aon thelineofAmit Mishn fron IndusEquity. Ptese 8o
Si. 1wo quslions. Fi6i as you ndlioned in your opaing rmdks thai you de revamping
your mploy@ work structurc and you de changing everytling, this quans mploye cosl
h.s Sone down i. quartd. and Sn what are we expectine in tuture?
This 6ti.e ex@ise ofih€ reo.gani2ation was conpleted in JuneJuly 2019 dd within a
psiod of fiv€ monlhs, say up b D@enb6. rye iave sm the ih€ movdent in fie positive
di@io;. We have bm able to see tbe improvmmt in the busidess ercwth. imprcvment
in the recovery, ihe imprcvmot in lh€ cosl conrol which aF m6urable in arcund 70%
ofour regional ofilcs that means around 60 to 65 regional offic6. Hqce the board feh
rhai, this rstrucluring was the right solutiotr as of roday and it was done al tbe right dde.
The tull bqefit of this rstructuring will one in the nexi finecial yea.. Now all oths
measure which we have talen whefie. it is in the HR ae or it is in the technolory are o.
ii is in the prccss area. the major portion of the boefit will @me in FY 2021. And th6e
iniliativ€s have b@ taka keeping in mind the susiainable Srowrh dd inprcvoor ir the
bank. We de looking ro mal€ the proce$, th€ prcduct, the risk and the structure rhat sill
withstand tbe prssure and also to be flexible qough to adapt to new changes in the
Okay. Sn has the actual valuation for IND AS is done for our bank?
We de doing this IND AS .epo.ting to RBI every quarter dd. RBI has basically defwed
rhe intrcduction ofthe IND AS b@ause of$ne legislation 10 be pdsed by the Govmmqi
of India. One thing I can share wilb you tbat s ps the IND AS, ihe profitability posnion of
Page 14 of 18

Centrol Bank oflhdil
January 28, 2020
sir what is our qposur€ to Air l.dia Si.?
we do .ot hav€ dy account.
We had but lhey have paid off, it was around Rs. 1200 Crcr€s whicl was paid offin tlis
okay Sir. I will cone back in the quqe for more questions.
Thank you. The next question is fton the line of Anand Ahuja liom Smriti Invctm€n$
Most of dl€ questions have bs dswqed. I just wul€d lo know whal the tuture sirnlegy is
going foflard fo. tbe bdk in qpusion and r€dlci.g the NPAg
On rhe inFastructurc par! th€ inidanve which werook in this financial ya will stabiliz€
and sooe will be inplmqted in the nqt financi.l yd. The t€inology plafoft
upgmdaiion initiati$ will al$ give rdults in fte na{ findcial y@. On dr€ busines ftont,
we inrend b late our CASA pncenlage ftom 46% to around 48% in the nqt financial y€ar'
On rhe Rerail, Agriculture and MSME we want lo take it from culGt of 62% - 63% 10
more thd 70plo ofou total advdces in the ndt finecial y€ar. We wdt to impsve the
corporate book ponfolio by incrding th€ inv€stn€nt Smde accolnl from 60% to nore thd
75%. We wanl to focls more on int6€s1 incone on advancs. If you iook at the fi8!r6. you
will find rhat ih€ interest income on trasury opsation has basically boosled our €aming
and thus the p.ofii. Now our focus is moving nore iowaids the intq6t income {iob the
advdcs. In c6e of the NPA and the slippage md the s1r€ss, we wdt lo @ntain the
slippage Ftio to below 2ol" o. quanaly bais. In Q4 definiiely we are going to bnng it
down below 2% erc$. If we exclude the divdgence by RBI iD []e curmt quartq. depite
the slippage in Dew€r Housing and othq @tpomte accounls the slippage ratio is 1 88%.
Thrcugh this proc6s, we will be foclsing on improvine profilability from the core banking
Understood. So ys ihal was my quslion. Thank you.
Thmk you. The nqt qu€stion is fton the line of sushil choksey fton Rosy Blue S€urities
Priwte Limil€d. Pl€ase go ahead.
Page 15 of l8

SushilChoksey:
SushilCholGey:
Central Bank of India
January 28, 2020
C.od d6ing Sir. Thank you for rhe oppo.tuniry Sn. Sir you just slated thar you. CASA
you are atinatirg ro nove fioh 46% to 48% keQing thal itr nind what is your oullook for
bome loan prcdlcts wherc we are very @mpetitive and whal.eiail p.oducts re we likely lo
launch in next I 2 months dd what is the slrategy ed digital along witb ihat?
Sin@ w€ de in the PCA, we are not allowed ro incr6e o!. uns@ured loa.. Unsecured
loans in P s%menl de hiSh yielding p.oducts. Once we ene out of the PCA definit€ly we
will look at ihis lod segnenr. with rie CASA, d you said rhat is cuffirly 46% ale
pushing for noving to 48% would give us v€ry low cost tunding bas€. The pricing ofou.
hone lod product is bes! in lhe mdket. Only State Bak of India which reotly has
r€duced their home Ioan pricing ftom 8.10% o. 8.15% 10 7.95% is befid rhan ouE. we
alsdy have a pricing of 8ol0 a.d with th€ benefir oftbe CASA which we have, we may
look at naking it as @mpetitive as SBI ehich is curstlly 7.95%. We also wadl ro @gage
witl the NBFCS as well as HFCS for the pool buyo!1s, focusing no.e on lending a pd
RBI's latest instrudioDs of Au€lst' 19.
Suhil Choksey:
SNhllChokcy:
what is lhe aspi.ational nunbs ofpercstage in advancs wh{e the housing loan, aulo
lod?
Housing loa as ofnow the percentage, wili be close io 25%-26010 bul we want ihe housing
loan as a pacedrage lo lhe total loan book to srcw up to 35%. This would be not only fiom
organic grcwth in the housing loan it will include als the inor8anic 8ro*th.
Okay and how de you s€ing the quality?
The quality of pool purchase book is quile good and the pqcmtage ofNPA in the pool
purchase willnol be nuch, may be l6s thu l%. It is notonly in thehousi.g loan but wen
in the oths loes lik€ gold loans ds we see tbe str6s level in the pool purchases is vtr/
Sirany outl@k on dieilal and human resource initiaiivs?
we have lako th€ HR initiativs with focus on rieht p6ple in the righi posnion fo. shich
we are doing the conpe€ncy napping. we are aho creadng job fMily whse offices up
ro AGM lwel will move wnhin that paniculd fmily so thal they 83in the qpe.rise and
lhey conribule nore towa.ds the blsin€ss gmwlh and also maintaining the quality of rhe
busins in the bank. We arc also irying to build up a lwel playing field anong the human
resources whde the a$6snotofoffic* *illbedone as pe.lhe cohon €.g. ifth6e is a
Page l6 of I8

SushilChokseyl
Central Bank ofl dia
January 28, 2020
6hon oJ scale I scale II ofiicd as branch nanagds and if ihe hi8h61 marks obtained it
that @ho.t are 80 then it will be AAA bealse it will be based on 1,\e rclalive assesmot of
the officqs in that cohon. Thk will Dolivate the p@ple. this will q@unee tb€ pople
Othetuise qhal happms is tnal pople do not want ro nove 10 tlos. deasurable or the
budgetaly rcles. May be beause of the ext€r.al faclor the budget achievemeDt bMms
difficult. Suppose anyone working i. the home loan delaitnenl or for thal nattq DcM
(hone loan), his target is the sum tolal of the ldgel of rhe home loans of all the branches
That nqDs he is also requned to dnve the busines olhwise he will los€ the mdk and this
is goingto bappo in this financial y@r itself.
Basically ny qudtion w6 more peiaining lo that with more housing loans o. retail loans
would you ned lo get nor€ talot i. lhe segmot or il will be home gown, lh^t is il This is
fin. Si.
Since home loan prcducl is not a very conplex or conplicated prcduct, extdal qpen$e
nay not be lequired. 6 ir n.y be required in cde of handline the corpomre ecounts
Moreovq we have now qeated these cmt€lized cBdit procqsing bdches whne lhose
wilb epod refail backgound bave bs posled as the managss. They eill lake care of
inproving the quality ofhome loan as well as tumeund t'me.
Any fee bsed product which we are capitalizing belause of CASA Sn?
We de foasing do.e on incone ftom crcss sell busin6s. So far we have done corporate
ti+ups for the insu.an@ produds. Now we are goitre fotudd and got the approval ftom ihe
board 10 c.oss sell nutual finds. So fiis yea. we have givs a chauoging targel ofRs l00
crors incone fton ooss sell as against Rs. 20 crcrs wfiich we did in th€ tull vd last
year. We have qgaged a consujtanr for the businss hnsfomalion and one of the noduld
in this busires tusfornation initiaiive will b€ to inprov€ the crcs sell to boost our other
Thank you Sir and aU fie b6t fo. the yd.
Thank you. As thqe are .o ftnbn qu4tions, I would now like to hand the confdmce ovq
to the muagmenl for closing connsls,
In my opsing .fldk, I 6vqed all lhe inniadv€s we have takfl and which brsin6s areas
we a.e focusing on. All th6e €fforts ate in o.e dirsliotr that is to make the busi.€ss in this
Suihll Choksey:
SushilChoksey:
Page 17 of 18

Cektral Ba k of India
January 28, 2020
bank a suslainable businqs shict is not for the quick *ins b!1 ir will lake the bank on a
lonS 1em basis. Tbis k why some initiariv6 for h-anstumadonal changes have beo
undenaken. w€ will not lose our focus fton $e retail, agricultlrrc and MSME beause olr
shsgth is in tural and smiurban eas- During the curdt yar whatever ws our
qpstrtion to i.creas€ our in1ftsl incone from advancd so far we have nor b€fl able io
do but now our focus is to inqease the intdest in@me on advdc6 by beking nore
qualily business. w1lile booking quahy busin6s. we vill nor lose focus on conlaining the
slippagg as well as to nake fie rsovqis io the la.ge exrot posible and have a opd
nind for lhe r€solution, rslncturing, sale to ARC and one tine selllmot. All these will
be wiihin lhe ftamework of 1he policy and aho rhe regllation.
Thdk you. On behalf of Antique Stock Brckirg Limned tlat @ncludes lbis confqsce.
Thank you fo.joining us. You may now disconnet your lin6.
Page 18 of l8
