 
 
 
 
 
Date: February 17, 2020 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort  
 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “540743” 
 
Ref.: “GODREJAGRO” 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with Investors & Analysts held on 
February 6, 2020. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with the Investors 
and Analysts held on Thursday, February 6, 2020 at 1.00 p.m. IST.. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.godrejagrovet.com 
 
Please take the same on your records 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Godrej Agrovet Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Raizada  
 
 
 
 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS - 11787) 
VIVEK 
PRITAMLAL 
RAIZADA
Digitally signed by VIVEK 
PRITAMLAL RAIZADA 
Date: 2020.02.17 13:56:47 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Q3 FY20 & 9 Months Results Conference Call Transcript 
February 06, 2020 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari 
from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Agrovet’s Q3 FY’20 & 9M FY’20 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Nadir 
Godrej – Chairman; Mr. Balram S.Yadav – Managing Director and Mr. S. Varadaraj 
– Chief Financial Officer of the company. 
We would like to begin this call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the ‘Earnings Presentation’ shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Godrej to make the initial remarks. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet Conference Call 
to discuss the Operating and Financial Performance for the Third Quarter and Nine 
Months Financial Year 2019-20. 
I shall take you through the Summary of our Results, followed by the Key 
Development and the Operational Highlights for each of our Businesses.  
 
For the third quarter, our consolidated total income was Rs.1,792 crore compared to 
Rs.1,459 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year, registering a 
growth of 22.8%. The consolidated profit before tax was Rs.68 crore compared to 
Rs.73 crore reported during the same period last year. Similarly, for the first nine 
months of the year, the consolidated total income was Rs.5,367 crore compared to 
Rs.4,539 crore reported for the first nine months of the previous year, registering a 
growth of 18.2%. Profit before tax was Rs.262 crore when compared with Rs.308 
crore for the corresponding period.  
                                       Please note there is a total income and profit before taxes for nine months of the 
previous year exclude a non-recurring income of Rs.29.9 crore earned on sale of 
land which was included in other income. Please also note the financials for the third 
quarter fiscal year ’20 and nine months fiscal year ’20 include the results of Godrej 
Tyson Foods Limited and Godrej Maxximilk Private Limited which became 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
subsidiaries w.e.f. 27th March 2019. Hence, they were excluded from last year’s 
financial. 
 
Now, I will discuss the performance of each of our business segments:  
                                       In the Animal Feed business, volume growth was 8% in the current quarter, driven 
by growth in layer feed and fish feed segments. We have continuously taken price 
increases for most of our products which resulted in year-on-year revenue growth of 
32.2%. Consequence to the volume growth and price increase, segment margins 
improved significantly by 47.5% compared to last year. However, the prices of key 
raw materials remain high on a year-on-year basis. Going forward, we will continue 
to focus on maintaining our volume growth momentum, along with increasing the 
segment margins.  
                                       In the vegetable oil business, the third quarter performance was strong and the 
revenues grew by 24.2%, mainly due to higher volumes and sequential improvement 
in output prices. This resulted in significant improvement in the quarterly segment 
results which grew by 36.6%. However, for the nine months, the performance is 
adversely impacted by lower output prices and lower oil content seen in the first half 
of the year which was also the peak season. 
In the Crop Protection business, standalone segment revenues and segment results 
declined by 15.7% and 15.2% respectively. This is mainly on account of the extended 
monsoon which resulted in delayed sowing. We have launched multiple new 
products in the last nine months which will increase the product portfolio and help us 
enter new crops and new segments in the near-term. 
In our subsidiary, Astec LifeSciences, we have moderate revenue and EBITDA 
growth of 4.5% and 1.9% respectively. For the quarter, however, the nine months 
performance was impacted due to lower realization, increase in input prices and 
deferral of export order. 
Creamline Dairy Products Limited, our subsidiary, posted revenues of Rs.285 crore 
in the current quarter compared to Rs.278 crore, recorded in the same period last 
year. Profitability was impacted significantly during the quarter due to low output 
prices and high procurement cost. We continue to focus on value added products 
and the salience on value added products increased to 27% compared to 24% in the 
same period last year. 
Godrej Tyson Foods Limited, our poultry business, posted revenues of Rs.158 crore 
in the current quarter compared to Rs.128 crore in third quarter fiscal year ’19. 
However, the EBITDA margins were under pressure on account of increase in cost 
of live bird compared to the live bird prices. 
GAVL’s joint venture in Bangladesh, ACI Godrej recorded a robust revenue growth 
of 80.4% over the third quarter fiscal year ’19, driven by strong volume growth in 
cattle, broiler and aqua feed. 
With this I conclude our business and financial performance update for the quarter. 
We will be now happy to take your questions.’ Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Sure, thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from Sundaram 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
S Padmanabhan: 
Sir, my question is on the Feed business. First, while we are saying an improvement 
tin the volumes but in terms of the EBIT per ton or even the EBIT margins on a 
sequential basis it has been much lower. From what we understand is there has 

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
been some price hike for the feed players. So, I am not able to reconcile as to why 
there is a sharp drop on QoQ basis as far as the absolute EBIT and as far as the 
EBIT per ton is down. 
Balram Yadav: 
Godrej Tyson Foods transfer is also recorded as sale which is at zero profit. And that 
salience in last quarter was about 35,000 tons. 
S Varadaraj 
Apart from that, also in this quarter the salience of aqua feed which is a higher margin 
segment within the animal feed, is less as against the previous quarter. 
S Padmanabhan:: 
So on an apple-to-apple basis, if I am adjusting for that Godrej Tyson sales which 
happens at almost zero price to this entity, then what would be the EBIT and EBIT 
margin? 
S Varadaraj  
If I were to exclude the Godrej Tyson Foods margin, the margin for the current 
quarter will be around 4% as against around 3% last year for the same quarter. 
S Padmanabhan: 
But it will still be lower because of the Aqua Feed, I mean, that is the…? 
Nadir Godrej: 
On quarter-on-quarter, I think aqua feed off season is the third and the fourth quarter. 
S Padmanabhan: 
But we have taken price hikes, right? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, that I think we have been very proactive and you will see that these margins 
becoming better in Q4. 
S Padmanabhan: 
And sir, with Creamline Dairy side, I think continuously we are seeing the business 
to be trading slightly lower than expected and really not contributing to the overall 
performance. What we also heard is there has been some price hikes in milk. If you 
can quantify, #1, why this continuously we are seeing a disappointment on this 
Creamline Dairy? #2, what is the quantum of price hike? And #3, what are we 
planning to do to improve the performance here? 
Balram Yadav: 
Let us answer your second question first. That as a strategy, I think we have been 
saying that value added is the more sustainable part of the business and that is 
continuously growing. We will end up about 29%-30% of total salience as value 
added product this year which was about 22%-23% last year. So that strategy is 
intact and that is one thing which will definitely keep on improving our margin. Now, 
we come to what is happening this year. For last six months, there has been 
continuous increase in the procurement cost of milk, that you all know because in 
the shortage of milk can import of skimmed milk powder, etc., is not being allowed 
and there is a lot of competition for procurement of milk, not because of current 
consumption but because of converting into fat and SMP which will be utilized in 
shortages during summer. Unfortunately, just because the nature of the industry is 
such that there have been lag of between four to six weeks in price increases. We 
have increased almost Rs.8 a litre in three price increases in past six months but 
cost increase have been close to between Rs.10-12 a litre in different parts of the 
areas we operate in. So this I think is primarily because of dominance of cooperative 
in the sector because they take time to take decisions. Private sector is definitely 
very prompt. So, this is the one thing which is hurting the business significantly. And 
it is not that we have not been proactive, we have taken some price increases and 
that is why you see a little bit of de-growth in our milk business. 
S Padmanabhan: 
We are referring to the Rs.8 hike, right, versus the Rs.12 hike? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. And when I say Rs.8, the NRV is slightly lower. 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
S Padmanabhan: 
Sir, finally my question is on the crop protection side, that’s  the standalone business. 
We have seen across the board the number seems to be good for most of the 
companies but we are slightly negative surprised on seeing our numbers coming out 
especially post Rallis or other companies that have come out. What is it that has 
been different for us in this quarter because it looks like the margins are much lower 
and we are not able to gain growth? Well, the peers have been able to do well. 
Balram Yadav: 
If you see our past record, we have been growing top line, bottom line in this business 
and are having a very-very high EBIT. But there is a price we paid for it in past which 
was I think we lost control on the hygiene and the working capital kept on rising 
particularly the debtors. I think we have taken a very conscious effort in these two 
quarters; Q3 and Q4 that we are not very focused on sales but we are very focused 
on recoveries and I can assure you that in last quarter in terms of working capital 
improvement, there is a substantial headway we have made which will be built upon 
in this quarter. What is happening is just because to keep pace with the sales growth, 
unfortunately, there were certain compromises we have made the credit extended. I 
think we are pulling it back. We want to maintain high hygiene, we have certain 
product launches planned; one has already been done in December, it is a product 
called Hanabi for miticide in chilies and tea which has a very good opportunity in 
these two crops. It is a product from Nissan. So, we are on track but I think hygiene 
was very important. So it is a conscious call to clean up before we embark on another 
high growth year. 
S Padmanabhan: 
What would be the quantum of receivables that we are now giving compared to what 
we used to give? 
Balram Yadav: 
We will give it offline but let me tell you that whatever the number is, we need about 
30-35-days reduction in that number.  
Nadir Godrej: 
Question is about our policy rather than the actual. 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, policy is 90-120-days but nobody pays on time. We would be at 150-days plus 
and we want to bring it down to sub-120-days. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
My question is regarding palm oil. So, just like to understand the palm oil price impact 
on the margin. Is it going to get worse with the Malaysian palm oil import restriction? 
Balram Yadav: 
Malaysian palm oil import restriction does not affect volume because we will buy from 
India I am talking about. So I am saying that only the source will change. I think the 
general impact of palm oil prices is very-very positive. We are a little unhappy that 
had it happened two months in advance earlier, we would have really-really benefited 
during the season also. But having said that the oil prices are holding and there will 
be some positive impact also because of refined oil import being banned from 
Malaysia, Indonesia. The refining will pick up in the country and so will the sources 
of oil in the country. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Are we thinking about the forward integration for the refining? 
Balram Yadav: 
No, we would not like to refine. We will continue to be sellers of crude palm oil and 
palm kernel oil the way we produce because refining is a totally different ballgame 
because we do not want to get into retail, etc. I needed to specify this because this 
question is asked several times to me. We look at this as a agri business. That is our 
core competence. So we want to grow very-very efficient plantations. We want to 
increase productivity for the farmer. We want to increase all extraction ratio. And that 
is where the focus is. 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Sumant Kumar: 
So we are expecting price going forward is going to be firm? 
Nadir Godrej: 
It is already very high, much higher than last year, but we can always expect the 
prices will fall somewhat in the season because this is also the season in Malaysia 
and Indonesia and production is very high from June to October. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So price has increased post the biofuel policy and… 
Nadir Godrej: 
Biofuel policy is what is keeping prices very high and hopefully this year in the season 
the trough maybe smaller because of the biofuel policy. On the other hand, we do 
not know what is the impact of coronavirus. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Because the China will have a lower demand. In that case, we will have an impact 
on palm oil price? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Yes, it will have a lower demand for palm oil and it will also have a lower demand for 
diesel. 
Sumant Kumar: 
We will have a short-term correction in the palm oil prices? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Certainly, there will be a short-term correction and long-term impact will depend on 
how long epidemic last.  
Sumant Kumar: 
Talking about overall crop protection business, so we are focusing on lowering the 
credit period to the dealer. And when we see the margin has impacted, so domestic 
business we have a lower volume, other player is showing a very decent number, 
more than 10%, 15% kind of growth. Our domestic business has declined by 15%, 
16% and so margin have been impacted. So in domestic business you are taking 
about delayed monsoon, delayed sowing which crop you are talking has a higher 
impact on your business? 
Balram Yadav: 
Some of the horticultural crops. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Ok. Can you name the…? 
Balram Yadav: 
Grapes. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And talking about Astec, you are talking about decline in realization and overall all 
the profitability of all the AI business for all the companies have risen significantly 
post the increase in realization. Now overall we have seen the trend across globe, 
we are seeing correction in the prices. So, going forward do you think the margin will 
be under pressure for the mid-term, for the Astec? 
Balram Yadav: 
I do not think so. This quarter is going to be much better than last quarter I can tell 
you. So the other thing was there is 6.5 crore reversal in Astec because we were 
getting some export benefit which past year we have taken a 3% but government 
does now rule it should have been taken at 2%,so we have taken a hit of about 
Rs.6.5 crore in the first nine months numbers. 
Sumant Kumar: 
MEIS, you have 3%, now it is 2%? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. And we do not know what will be the scheme. It is for prior years also. And the 
scheme is effective till 31st of March and they have not announced what will be the 
shape and form of the new scheme. 
Sumant Kumar: 
What is the amount reversal in this quarter? 
Balram Yadav: 
Rs.6.5 crore. 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Sumant Kumar: 
It is included in EBITDA, right? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So when we add that the margin is higher than that in that case? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, coming quarter, we have a deferral export. So you have a better top line and also 
margin? 
Balram Yadav: 
That is what we are expecting. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And talking about animal feed, you said you are transferring 0% benefit to Tyson. On 
the quarterly trend we have seen a decent margin, say Rs.1.3-1.4 EBIT per Kg. So 
can we expect this trend whatever the numbers we have for Q4 onwards, 1.3-1.4 per 
Kg, it is going to decline from here because of Tyson and Tyson overall because of 
higher input prices, we have seen lower losses, so, what can we expect from here 
Godrej Agrovet and Animal Feed business? 
Balram Yadav: 
Three things I wanted to tell you about this. First and foremost, let me focus on Q4. 
The aqua feed off season is there in Q3 and Q4 also. Aqua feed is more profitable 
than rest of the animal feed. Godrej Tyson’s tonnages will almost remain same at 
par with Q4. But there will be organic increase in our margins in rest of our business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, what was the SMP volume for palm oil in Q3 and last year same quarter? 
S Varardraj 
We have 1,31,000 tons of SMP which we process, very similar to last year same 
quarter of 1,32,000 tons. First nine months, we processed 5,29,000 against 4,55,000 
last year. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And in Astec, last quarter also we had seen some deferral of orders. So is it some 
client-specific issue because globally at least the weather patterns are not creating 
any issue this year in any of the geographies? I understand that it is a volatile 
business quarter-on-quarter. But last quarter also we had some of the deferrals. So 
if you could just clear the picture on that front? 
S Varardraj : 
Here, we recognize sales only after it is received at the customer destination. So that 
is the reason why the deferral of sale happens in Astec unless it is FOB. Towards 
the end of the year, we try and ensure that we plan for the dispatches well ahead of 
time so that this deferral generally does not spill over in financial year. That is what 
if you take, but on a quarter-to-quarter basis this becomes a bit of difficulty in terms 
of spillover of the sales to the next quarter. 
Prashant Biyani: 
I mean, this quarter some orders deferred to Q4, that is fine but some of the orders 
which got deferred in Q2, would also have come in Q3, might be offsetting both these 
things? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, there is always this kind of spillover from Q2 to Q3 also. What is the net carry 
forward is what gets impacted. So the quantum will not be the same. And Q3 to Q4, 
the spillover will be higher as compared to Q2 to Q3. 
Prashant Biyani: 
In the standalone CP business also, Q4 also should be soft for us because of the 
controls whatever we are doing on the receivables front? 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Balram Yadav: 
The answer is yes, but I think most of the controls have already yielded the desired 
results. We will not be holding back sales.  
S Varadaraj                So that is again seasonality which is there. So Q4 generally if you see from a CP 
perspective there will be some uptick in terms of their performance. 
Prashant Biyani: 
In the Animal Feed, so the latest Kharif arrivals if we see corn and maize, soyabean 
prices they have been high. So could we expect some more price increase after this 
Kharif arrivals to happen in the animal feed or…? 
Balram Yadav: 
Both corn, soya and rice bran which are the main raw materials, are softening. So 
corn, soya is softening because of lack of demand in poultry because poultry is in 
very bad shape, you would be knowing that live bird is selling at below cost of 
production for almost last seven, eight months and there is a huge cut back in 
production by all poultry players. So, because of this little bit of lack of demand, the 
prices have started softening. I do not see any price increases coming in next two, 
three months; however, they have not fallen into a level where there is a price 
reduction pressure as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
If I look at our nine months performance, the sales growth has been 18%. Earlier we 
were facing a scenario where sales growth was not coming. Now, because of certain 
agri inflation, sales has kicked off but EBITDA has not really grown. So on a going 
forward basis, how do we forecast sales and EBITDA both moving in the upward 
trajectory, is there some visibility confidence on a going forward basis? I am looking 
at a trend, not a specific number. 
Balram Yadav : 
Yes, this has been an exceptional year from inflation point of view and unfortunately 
even though the prices have been increased, but not in the same proportion as cost, 
both in our animal feed business, in our chicken business and in our milk business. 
So we are also seeing particularly in milk business a very-very different year, we are 
in this business for only four years, but veterans tell us that it is an extraordinary year 
as far as the increase in cost is concerned. But having said that, on a steady state 
basis, 12% to 14% top line growth is something which we budget normally and that 
is what we should also take for our model. 
S Varadraj: 
This year also had the oil palm impact, wherein the crude palm oil and palm kernel 
prices were not good during the season, now it has started going up, during the 
season it was not up and the oil extraction rates are also lower because of the 
pseudo ripening process which happened. So in that sense this year has been an 
exceptional year for some of these reasons and hopefully we should get back to our 
normalcy. 
Nadir Godrej: 
The climate change will probably continue to have impacts on the kharif situation in 
India. We might have a fewer good years. But it does not seem to have much impact 
on the rabi situation. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And we also do a lot of R&D in terms of product development and you are reducing 
input price. Obviously this year has been as you mentioned a very challenging year 
on the input side. So, when do some of these R&D initiatives fructify and show into 
better margins for us because we do a lot of things which others are not in a position 
to do? 
Balram Yadav: 
In Animal Feed from Q4 onwards, you will see that and next year you will see the 
benefit magnifying also because two of our investments have been commissioned; 
one is commissioned last September-October and one is under commissioning right 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
now in Bundi. So you will see those benefits. In Astec LifeSciences also, we have 
debottlenecked the plants and in fish feed plants debottlenecking is there. So you 
will see a surge in sales there also in next year. As far as oil palm plantation is 
concerned, I think one experiment has been very successful and additional 
equipment are being added and with the season starts in July, these will be in place 
and I am sure that whatever improvement we have made through chemical 
technology and physical equipments in the plant, you will see a uptick in OER in the 
next season. So all these things have taken time. Definitely, we are late by one to 
two quarters in most of the things because all big investments that we wanted to, we 
are very sure that we will deliver. I am saying that on the whole I feel that starting 
September, October last year, lot of things have started kicking in and more of it will 
happen every month. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, monsoon has been plentiful this year. So if you could give us some sense 
of where are we seeing pent up demand or what do you think which segment will 
benefit for next year? Earlier, we had a few years where monsoon was a concern. 
Balram Yadav: 
So crops will always have year-on-year challenges because crops do not benefit 
from one monsoon and if there is a drought next year that crop will benefit from that; 
however, the reservoir levels are very good. So we believe that even if a monsoon 
is an average monsoon, we are going to have a good time in Indian agriculture. But 
I must tell you that the big benefit of last year’s monsoon will come in oil palm 
plantation. Some of it we saw. Last year, we did about 4,55,000 and this year first 
nine months we have done 5,30,000. So crops will always have the challenges. 
Again, we will start looking at the skies in July because sowing, etc., will need water, 
45% of India is irrigated, 55% will be rain-fed. So that challenge will always remain. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Is it fair to say assuming milk prices come down and if we are targeting on a longer-
term basis 12% to 14% growth, should that also translate into profit growth assuming 
the RM inflation cools off from here on? 
Balram Yadav: 
Absolutely. We analyze the last 20-years data and we have seen that a challenging 
year like this is always followed by a good year. But I do not see any cost decrease 
in milk for next four, five months. It is only in August that we will see. Unless and until 
import of milk powder is allowed, then the prices will definitely soften because in 
another month’s time the shortages will come because dry season will start. But 
having said that, we have seen that shortage season is always followed by a very 
good flush. So hopefully the milk prices will come down from August onwards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Thavkar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Sir, in the Aqua Feed business, was there an element of GST on the fish feed this 
quarter? 
Balram Yadav: 
No-no, shrimp is the most profitable part of aqua feed and it was off-season for that, 
but fish feed also it is not full season because whenever temperature drops, definitely 
the placement comes down, it is just a seasonal issue. And having said that, let me 
also tell you that for all the cost inflation, because of different reasons, a big price 
correction has already happened in the industry in this quarter. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
We were also looking for a foreign partner in the shrimp feed business because as 
you are interested to, we had a poor FCR and there were efforts from our side to 
correct it. So where are we on those lines? 
Balram Yadav: 
We tried very aggressively and seriously, but unfortunately nothing could fructify. So 
what we decided six, seven months ago is that we need to take the responsibility 
and improve the business. We have two global consultants who are great authorities 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
in aqua feed working for us; one, on the plant and processes, the other on sales, 
marketing, training, etc. I am very glad to say that the decline we were having for last 
four years has been reversed in shrimp feed this year. In first nine months in fish 
feed we have grown 40% in volumes. So I think that we are getting grip apart from 
that, in this quarter we are replacing lot of equipment on the advice of these 
consultants in our shrimp feed plant. So hopefully, we will start producing the quality 
which we need to grow in this business plus I think these consultants are adding 
tremendous value. So we have decided to put all that on hold and we will do whatever 
is possible within our resources to improve the business and the results in past six 
months have been very encouraging. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Sir, to that extent, we would have definitely seen improvement in market share in 
India, right? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, but I am saying that my thing would be that it would be improving in decimal 
right now from some 2.1% we are talking about something like 2.6%, 2.7%. But I 
think that we started these improvements towards the latter half of the season. I think 
best way to judge us particularly in shrimp feed and all, our efforts would be next 
season, starting in next six weeks or so.  
Ashish Thavkar: 
Given that 80% of the market is organized, you are targeting your market share gains 
from the organized players or more from the unorganized ones? 
Balram Yadav: 
I think we are looking at an absolute increase in sales wherever it comes from 
because that 2.7%, 2.8% market share I think talking about, so we have a target of 
market share. When it come from, we are not very sure but I think we will take small 
steps and short steps to make sure that not only we grow the business but we also 
grow this business hygienically. Traditionally, outstanding also has been one of our 
problems which is under correction right now. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
One question on the agriculture side of our business. So there are some companies 
for the first time who are willing to challenge the IP patents from the foreign 
companies. So there is basically one molecule by the name Coragen where one of 
the companies have challenged the patent. So like we have never thought of 
challenging such patents. Is there something on our cards we believe we can do a 
very good R&D on the litigation side also and we can have some patent challenges 
there? 
Balram Yadav: 
Actually, we have not studied it, it but I will definitely ask my team to get in touch with 
you offline and update in case we have some discussions like that. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Last thing on the China coronavirus since we have a sizeable effect in business as 
well. So our dependence from China and how do you see the situation panning out 
if this issue continues for more than three months or so? 
Balram Yadav: 
First thing is that in last two years we have commissioned two plants for backward 
integration and that was not thinking about coronavirus but the prices and costs were 
going up from China. We started getting into backward integration and one more 
backward integration plant will be commissioned in July which will be for backward 
integration and producing certain herbicides also in Astec LifeSciences. So, we are 
definitely worried because we still are dependent on China for import of certain 
products but we are happy also that our dependence is not as it was a few quarters 
ago. So, yes, we are worried but till now the supplies have not been affected, but I 
do not know what is going to happen in future. 
Nadir Godrej: 
We can continue to source our own raw materials over time. Also, if there are supply 
problems from China… China is also sometimes a competitor for us. So net-net, I 
think we should be better off rather than worse off. 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
Just wanted to get an update on the change in regulation for palm oil which had 
happened on the import side. How does that impact our profitability margins on the 
oil palm business in the coming year? 
Balram Yadav: 
That does not affect us because SAPTA remain the same. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Yes, slightly lower import duty theoretically means a lower price but because 
Indonesia went to B30, palm oil prices have shot up a lot. So palm oil prices currently 
are about Rs.72 a Kg and last year they were more like Rs.55 a Kg or so. So, what 
matters to us is the palm oil price and although the duty slightly lowers the palm oil 
price, actual original prices are much higher this year. So we are not likely to feel any 
effect for this. And this policy of using B30 is likely to continue for a long time because 
Malaysia and Indonesia will try and keep the price of palm oil as high as they can 
and they can substitute a lot of diesel with palm oil. So they should be able to do it 
for quite some time. That being said, the present prices are very high and we could 
see some lowering of prices from these levels. 
Madhav Marda: 
Our palm oil business margins usually been between 15% to 20%, that has been the 
range. Any outlook for the next year because the first half was weaker with the lower 
palm oil prices? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Actually, the pricing formula gives us 21% to 22% contribution margin and that is 
22% of the price. So the profit margin depends entirely on the price because the 
fixed expenses are not related to the price, but the contribution margin is related to 
the price. 
Madhav Marda: 
So any increase in the prices is basically direct a full through for us? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Absolutely. 
Madhav Marda: 
Another question on the Crop Protection business. If I look at the history and 
compare it to the peers, we have always had much higher margins because the 
product portfolio was much more premium but as we are scaling the business and 
introducing more products, how do we see the margins trending for the next two to 
three years because as you become a larger player in the agrochemicals business 
in India, the domestic part? 
S Varadaraj: 
So, as we progress going forward, the margin as a percentage might be slightly lower 
than what margins which we used to enjoy earlier. But hopefully the growth in 
revenue we should sort of more than make good the drop in margins. 
Madhav Marda: 
On the dairy business, this is the query I have asked in the previous concalls as well, 
it is about 25% to 30% of our capital employed but profitability has been a bit of a 
challenge so far. How do we see this going forward because it is a drag on a return 
on invested capital, right, for the business? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes, it is. So, we have several plans in place and you would have seen the benefits 
of that, had this big inflation and cost not happened. And one of our big strategy 
continues to do well which is building brand and increasing the salience of value 
added products in the total sales. And from 23% last year, FY’20 we will get to 
something like 30% and I have another big jump next year. So we are also 
concerned. Having said that, let me also tell you that this value added strategy had 
a lot of investments built in. We had to set up a UHT plant, where to set up flavored 
milk plants. And all these investments take between two to four years to break even. 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
I think as the time goes by you will see margin expansion as the capacities get build 
up. 
Madhav Marda: 
What would be sustainable margins in the Dairy business for us once it stabilizes in 
the next two to three years, any view on that? 
Balram Yadav: 
Whatever I tell you will be difficult to believe because today we are in a very difficult 
situation considering milk prices keep going up but if we see cream line dairy’s past, 
so I think in last 25-years has had 5-6% PAT also. 
Nadir Godrej: 
And we expect slightly better margins as the salience of value added products rises 
and as all our new investments come to near full capacity utilization. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakhi Prasad from Alder Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rakhi Prasad: 
This is regarding Tyson. We have shown some reasonable growth. What is our 
pricing power that we see in this business, give us some idea of how the cost has 
played out over the last quarter? 
Balram Yadav: 
Frankly speaking, in the chicken business, we do not have much pricing power 
because the market is still linked to commodity. 95%- 96% of Rs.70,000 crore market 
is still wet market, the live bird market. Yummiez, we have still power because the 
brand is taking shape. And it is the margins are low because we commissioned Rs.70 
crore investment last year which is coming to about 50% capacity now. So I think 
that is where we can definitely command some premium but not in the chicken 
business. 
Rakhi Prasad: 
What would be our stable margins going forward, what shall we expect in the Tyson? 
Balram Yadav: 
Live bird business is very-very seasonal and cyclical and I have never seen so many 
continuous months when the chicken prices are below cost of production, and again 
it is a commodity. So it is just a matter of time because there are very-very big cuts 
taken by all players in terms of production of chicken and come summer again 
shortages will come like every year as the chicken prices will shoot up. So, I am very 
confident that if we do not take a yearly cut or a quarterly cut in these businesses, 
we definitely can see a steady margin of 4%-5% PBT on sales with all its ups and 
downs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kishore Chidambaram from 
Cholamandalam MS. Please go ahead. 
K Chidambaram: 
I just want to know what is the palm oil acreage for Q3 FY’20 and what it was in the 
corresponding quarter last year? 
Balram Yadav: 
We were close to about 60,000-63,000 hectares in the start of the year and we have 
added about 2,600 in first nine months and this is the time when acreages are added 
in parts of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, so we will end up adding at about 3,500-
3,700 hectares in this current year.  
K Chidambaram: 
What was it in the corresponding period last year, ballpark? 
Balram Yadav: 
On 31st of March ’19, about 62,000 hectares. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of (Bharat Gupta) from Edelweiss 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Nihal Jham: 
This is Nihal Jham here from Edelweiss. My first question was on the crop protection 
business. You mentioned that there have been certain delay in payments which you 
are trying to correct. I just wanted to understand that are you facing this issue in any 
specific region or geography or is this a pan India phenomenon that is coming 
through? 
Balram Yadav: 
This is a big problem for our East and South business. 
Nihal Jham: 
But I think as earlier participants have also mentioned that there is a possibility of the 
current season being good and possibly the farmer payments could also come 
through. So could this have naturally not cleared out in the current rabi season itself 
or is it a specific issue with the distributors that you are dealing with? 
Balram Yadav: 
We were on the treadmill, that we were continuously selling and collecting less. So 
we just have corrected that and I think we are focusing on collection more than sales 
and we are very-very happy that a lot of money was recovered in last quarter, 
January was also very good in recovery and I think we will start the next year in a 
very good position as far as outstanding and inventories are concerned. 
Nihal Jham: 
If I summarize right, what you are saying is more an issue with our channels rather 
than there being a stress at the farmer level and that is what we are trying to correct? 
Balram Yadav: 
I think food inflation has definitely helped cash flows in rural India. So that is one of 
the reasons why our collections have been good. But I think big reason is a very-
very concentrated and a focused effort in doing this. 
Nihal Jham: 
Second question was on the Dairy side. Ideally as I understand that the winter 
months are the flush season. So have we not seen already a price correction 
happening in the recent months which should have or should help our business in 
the coming quarter also because the prediction that milk prices will fall in August is 
a little long way off, so just wanted to understand those dynamics? 
Balram Yadav: 
There is a time lag and all companies are suffering. So the time lag of four to six 
weeks in price increases vis-à-vis cost increase and that is why margins are under 
pressure. You will see a pattern which also strengthens our strategies and higher the 
value addition, lower will be the impact of these. There will be impact but the impact 
will be lower. The businesses will be more sustainable to cost pressure if the value 
added salience is high. So definitely, I think we are in for some very tough time unless 
and until government allows imports of skim milk powder. 
Nihal Jham: 
But in the current winter months, there has been no correction on the milk prices? 
Balram Yadav: 
No correction. 
S Varadaraj: 
We are all expecting that during the flush period the prices will sort of soften but 
instead of softening it just started going up. So most of the private dairy players were 
impacted adversely because of this reason. 
Nihal Jham: 
What is our average procurement price like currently? 
Balram Yadav: 
Let me just tell you that April was Rs.211 per KG total solids and February is Rs.242, 
this is cow milk. 
Nihal Jham: 
Last question from my side on Astec. What is the trend on input prices currently – is 
it that we are seeing a reduction there happening or those still remain elevated? 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
S Varadaraj: 
They have been stable. In fact, in Astec, what we have been trying to do is they have 
been sort of doing backward integration and hence our dependence on the import is 
reducing year-after-year. And the input cost are sort of stable as of now. 
Nihal Jham: 
Just for my understanding, this trend of stable prices has just recently begun or they 
have been stable for the last five, six months for us? 
S Varadaraj: 
Last four, five months they have been stable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Preet Nagarsheth from Wealth 
Financial Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
My question is can you share some outlook on maize in terms of at what prices are 
you procuring and how do you see it impacted, because of the rabi crop? 
Balram Yadav: 
Corn prices delivered in certain parts of the country in September-October last year 
had crossed Rs.25 a Kg. During season they came down which was almost 60% 
higher than a year before last. And then they softened up to Rs.18, Rs.19 a Kg. And 
just because of slightly lower demand, they are holding at that level even though 
season is past. Having said that, I do not see any great inflation from now on because 
in another eight weeks’ time the rabi crop mainly from Eastern India, Bihar will start 
coming in. So I do not see any big inflation happening in corn. One of the key reasons 
is that the poultry demand is softening. Because of the low prices of both egg and 
chicken, the placements have come down significantly. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
So you basically see that with rabi crop coming in a few weeks, corn prices could 
potentially soften further? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes and the rabi crop will be very big because at the time of sowing the corn prices 
were very high, farmers were very motivated to go for corn. 
Preet Nagarsheth: 
We are seeing 10% additional sowing in rabi related to last year if we take the corn 
prices are high? 
Balram Yadav: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Jit Shah from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jit Shah: 
You mentioned the palm oil prices to be Rs.72 per Kg, right. So going ahead, over a 
medium term, what do you think the prices will hold at after the B30 and B60 
declarations? 
Nadir Godrej: 
It is very difficult to predict commodity prices. The bullish factor as I said is the B30. 
The bearish factor is Coronavirus. And other bearish factor is that in the season 
prices usually fall because both Malaysia and Indonesia had their peak season at 
that time and India’s peak season more or less coincide with that. So, we can always 
expect prices to be lower in our peak season. But that being said, we are starting 
from a very high price. So if you ask me to guess an average price for next year, I 
would say something like 66, 68. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Nadir Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you 
have any further questions or would like to know more about the company, we would 
be happy to be of assistance. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on 
this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Godrej Agrovet Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
