 
 
 
2nd March, 2020
The Manager,
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
                
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G, 
 
          
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: HPL  
BSE Limited
25th Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda  Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540136 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir 
 
This is with reference to the intimation dated 12th February, 2020 made by the company 
about the Conference Call scheduled for Investors/Analysts on Wednesday, 19th February, 
2020 at 12:00 Noon IST. A copy of Transcript of the conference call held with the 
Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same is also available on the Company’s 
website i.e.  www.hplindia.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For HPL ELECTRIC & POWER LIMITED 
 
 
 
Vivek Kumar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VIVEK 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by VIVEK KUMAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=110095, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=3eb36823c8b414e7e934f2e0af3da01064143
7e49524495d66b6b358709bf23f, 
2.5.4.45=032100E234C1A60CCB36368F0C1FF32031C1
6B9EC4C0C83F861248F1AB5F64A048C162, 
serialNumber=052767230d5f1c44b1c2164eefdb84f2c
760ac7359949d646e7ce9b91f23d372, cn=VIVEK 
KUMAR 
Date: 2020.03.02 12:11:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“HPL Electric & Power Limited 
Q3 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 19, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA - ELARA SECURITIES INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAUTAM SETH - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
- HPL ELECTRIC AND POWER LIMITED 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
Q3 FY2020 Earnings Conference call hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. The discussion 
today may include some forward-looking statements, and this must be reviewed or 
considered in conjunction with the risks associated with the industry in general and our 
business in the particular space. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia 
from Elara Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thanks, Aysha. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you 
all for the Q3 FY2020 and 9M FY2020 conference call of HPL Electric & Power Limited. I 
take this opportunity to welcome the management of HPL Electric & Power represented by 
Mr. Gautam Seth, Joint Managing Director. We will begin the call with a brief overview by 
the management followed by Q&A session. I will now handover the call to Mr. Seth for his 
opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Gautam Seth: 
Thank you Harshit. Good afternoon everyone, and a very warm welcome to all of you 
present on the call to discuss HPL’s financial results for the third quarter and nine months 
of the financial year 2020. Our performance during the third quarter of FY2020 was marked 
by a growth in lighting and meters businesses along with improved overall profitability. 
Higher contribution from the metering business supported by cost optimization measures 
helped us in delivering higher EBITDA and net profit despite the decline in overall 
revenues. Notwithstanding, the subdued performance of the switchgear business, which was 
impacted by the weak demand in real estate, government, and infrastructure segments. 
 
All of our other three segments meters, lighting, and wires performed fairly well, 
considering the overall slowdown in the macro economy. Meter business reported modest 
growth in revenue and EBIT in Q3 FY2020. Performance in the segment would have been 
much better, but for the delay in dispatches due to pending DIs from the utility. In a major 
positive boost for the sector, various state electricity boards have begun gearing themselves 
to replace conventional meters with prepaid smart meters. This is inline with the central 
government initiative of installing 25 Crores prepaid smart meters within the next 3 years. 
 
This renewed thrust by the government is a major step in the right direction and can be a 
game changer for the industry as it opens up a huge cumulative opportunity size of between 
Rs 60,000 to Rs 90,000 Crores for prominent meter suppliers like HPL Electric. We expect 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 19 
to see the positive impact of this in the form of high revenues and improved realization per 
meters in the next 3 to 5 years starting from the second quarter of the next year onwards. 
The lighting segment continues to witness healthy growth momentum in Q3 FY2020, led by 
network expansion, offering a wide range of new products to consumers and effective 
branding initiatives. Given the prevailing headwinds impacting the sector, such a positive 
performance by this division validates the strength of our brand and the quality of the 
products in this category. We expect this robust performance to continue going forward.  
 
During the Q2 FY2020 earnings call, we highlighted about increasing the prices of our 
products in the wires and cable segments. I am happy to say that despite lower revenues, 
our strategy to increase prices yielded better realization in the segment. As the ramp up 
happens, we expect the segment to deliver even better performance going ahead. We have 
been regularly launching new products to be more competitive and yield better realizations. 
Our R&D team has been continuously working on the new product development to address 
customer needs, and due to their successful efforts, we have been able to launch over 25 
new products mainly in the switchgears and also in metering and lighting categories, which 
were demonstrated during Elecrama exhibition held recently in Delhi. 
 
We believe that HPL is poised for its next leg of growth led by the smart meter initiative 
and a healthy growth in the B2C segments in the medium to long-term. Out of the current 
order book of Rs 370 Crores of which the meter business has an order book of over Rs 300 
Crores. This healthy order book, along with the robust enquiry base of meter tenders, 
provides revenue visibility for the near term. In the B2C business, we aim to drive healthy 
growth through a combination of retailer network expansion, product innovation, and 
effective branding strategy. Furthermore, the Government’s plan of spending over Rs 100 
Lakh Crores on infrastructure and allied industries over the next 5 years, as announced in 
the recent budget, is expected to support demand for HPL switchgears and other products. 
 
With this, I would now like to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Ketan Mehta from Alliance Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Mehta: 
Good afternoon. Sir, in your opening remarks, you have mentioned about the smart meters, 
how the market is gaining pace. So just wanted to understand how things are moving on the 
ground, and are there any orders forthcoming from the electricity boards? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, if you see the government has been actively talking about the smart meters for a couple 
of months now with this new initiative of installing 25 Crores prepaid smart meters in the 
next three years, and this has been reiterated many times now by the government in various 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 19 
forums. At the ground level, because I will take you back to about three, four years ago 
when the government was very keen on the smart meters, we found that in terms of the 
preparedness to come out with the smart meters and install them there was definitely a gap, 
which we found in the earlier time. Now, when you see the renewed effort, which has come 
up a couple of months back, I would say the government has made a lot of effort, there have 
been multiple interactions, the standards are in place, the BIS marks are there. EESL was 
earlier driving the complete smart meters program, you know the first three tenders what 
came out, there were not successful, and they did not achieve the purpose that the 
government was talking about and this was primarily because of certain terms and 
conditions, which we felt were not conducive in the long-term and that is why we also 
refrained from participating in certain of those tenders. But, now, just looking at then the 
specifications, pre-qualifications terms, the next tenders that are there with EESL and also 
the state level tenders, which are coming out by various utilities, I would say the 
preparedness and the approach is much better. So, going forward and in-line with what the 
government is talking about, we as HPL Electric, see a huge potential in the smart meters 
and just to give you the sense of certain numbers, the government themselves are projecting 
this to be an opportunity in the next three years of even going beyond Rs 60,000 Crores and 
if you take with related services that will come along with that and other things this can 
even go much higher. Now, may be the three-years is very ambitious, and these three years 
could extend even to be four, five, or a little beyond that. Still, despite that, the meter 
industry is set to at least double up the way we look at it.  
 
Coming on the ground level, we are seeing a lot of enquires, and a lot of the future enquiries 
that are coming out are now all on the smart meters. There is a lot of talk in the utilities as 
well about the next tenders or the future requirements which are all going to be regarding 
the smart meters. So at the ground level definitely the preparedness is there and that is why 
in my opening remarks also I said that we would expect to see the benefit of the smart 
meters in terms of higher revenues coming in from the second quarter of FY21 onwards. 
Further, HPL is ready in terms of the technology, preparedness, and capacity to cater to the 
smart meter demand. As we go ahead, we see a good environment for the smart meter 
initiative to take-off, unlike 3-4 years ago, so we are quite hopeful going forward. 
Ketan Mehta: 
It sounds good. Taking this question forward on the meter segment, what is our present 
realization in the conventional meter segment? 
Gautam Seth: 
I do not think I can give a single figure, because within the meters segment itself there are 
many different types, for instance, we supply the utilities with single phase meters, three 
phase meters, there are already certain smart meters or even smarter meters, prepaid meters 
going to various utilities and then as a company at least about 10% to 15% of our meter 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 19 
revenue also goes into the trade where we are catering to the specific requirements of 
various contractors, which are dealing in typically the infra segment and then on the retail 
side where the sub-meter requirements come up Apart from the utility metering, we are also 
into panel meter solutions where again we have the single parameter and the multiple 
function meters. So, in short, a meter could range from about Rs.600 to Rs.700, and a single 
meter can also cost up to Rs.10,000 to Rs.15,000. But we have been taking Rs.900 to 
Rs.1000 as the average/benchmark rate, but when we are looking at smart meters, the 
realizations will definitely be much higher. ,  
Ketan Mehta: 
So, talking about ahead, what can the company expect in terms of realization in smart 
meters going forward? 
Gautam Seth: 
It is difficult to say because these are determined by competitive bidding, and what I am 
emphasizing is that the overall environment for the competitive biding is expected to be 
much more mature now, unlike 3-4 years ago. So, going forward with the new pre-
qualification in place we would expect a much more mature competition, although it is 
going to be very competitive, no doubt because the volumes are very large but most likely it 
may be in the range of Rs 2,500 to Rs 3,500 depending again on the various specifications, 
which the various utilities choose to tender out. So eventually it would depend upon the 
final specifications, but definitely, the realizations will be much higher than the 
conventional meters and since the per unit realization is higher, we are likely to see better 
profitability as we stand to gain from better overhead or fixed cost absorption  
Ketan Mehta: 
Last couple of questions, what is our current capacity utilization? 
Gautam Seth: 
Current capacity utilization for the third quarter was around 65% to 70%. As we move 
forward, we would definitely have a lot of room to grow with the existing infrastructure that 
we have in meters. 
Ketan Mehta: 
So, where can we expect the company to end up FY2021 in terms of capacity utilization as 
you mentioned we have a long room to grow? 
Gautam Seth: 
I would say next year is going to be a very interesting one or rather if you go back almost 
two decades every 5 years there have been certain changes in technology and when a new 
technology comes in definitely certain things do change. When we look at next year, it is 
going to be very interesting as we will find the smart meters actually getting established and 
getting supplied and implemented. May be in the interim period when there is a shift in 
demand from the regular conventional electronic meters to the smart meters, we may see 
certain erratic volumes of business because you know when people are shifting, and we saw 
this in 2016 when the government was very keen to shift to the smart meters. Since there 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 19 
were a lot of gaps and the proper homework was not done, it disrupted the volumes to a 
large extent, and that year we witnessed almost the industry going down by 30% and 
eventually instead of the smart meters coming in there was a resumption of the conventional 
electronic meters.  
 
Although, we are still having over Rs 300 Crores orders and a healthy level of order 
enquiries in Q4 and the Q1 of next year, but still there may be some disruption in terms of 
volume, but after that looking at Q2 and then going beyond that I would say we should be 
hitting 100% capacity utilization and then probably looking to up that based on the existing 
infrastructure wherein we can look at having certain non-critical parts of manufacturing 
being outsourced, and other such measures may be required in the second half in case we 
have to meet the enormous volumes as demanded by the government. So, we are just 
hopeful about that, but as we get more clarity on it going forward on how the tenders are 
coming and the speed at which they are getting finalized, that would change the entire 
momentum. 
Ketan Mehta: 
Sure, that is all from my side. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, why has our inventory days been going up for so many 
years, so can you give me some color on that? 
Gautam Seth: 
If you see in the short-term, our inventories have been a little higher. Even last time we 
spoke that we need to take certain specific steps on the trade business. So, we have taken 
certain steps and going forward, we will see the inventory days coming down. On the utility 
side, on a very short-term basis, there has been a postponement of lift-up from certain 
utilities, and that has impacted us, but that I would believe this is temporary and a short-
term phenomenon. A couple of years back, the inventory remained high because we did not 
have the CNF model, and we were operating more on an offline system. But now we have 
our CNF in place. Also, we have significantly expanded our range of products in the last six 
months, we have launched a lot of new products, and the same were also recently 
demonstrated at Elecrama. We have expanded our range, especially in lighting and 
switchgear, to counter the slow down, so that has again contributed to inventory going up. 
Further on the metering side, we need to maintain a large amount of inventory as off late in 
the last couple of quarters, we have seen a lot of delays happening in getting the delivery 
instructions. So these are some reasons why inventory has been on the higher side. But, yes, 
we are aware of it, and we also believe that as a company, we need to rationalize our 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 19 
inventory. If you see the net working capital, that has been more or less still maintained, 
and our debtors on the trade have come down. But, yes, there is definitely a scope for 
improvement, and as a company, we are looking into that. 
Viral Shah: 
Sir, in terms of switchgear, what do you think is the outlook for the segment going forward? 
Gautam Seth: 
In the B2B part of the switchgear, which is typically the government orders for the 
infrastructure segment, we have seen a lot of drop in volumes there. Otherwise, on the trade 
side, if you see which typically goes into the redistribution where we are supplying through 
our distributors and then going through the retailers, there the volumes are still intact. In the 
last two years the government came up with a lot of schemes and projects especially the last 
mile connectivity where 4 Crores households were electrified, so a lot of our volumes on 
switchgear especially the MCBs and switches were absorbed into those projects, but right 
now we are not seeing any demand coming in for almost the last months since when the 
elections took place, we have not seen any volumes resume. With the recent announcement 
that the government has made on the Rs 100 lakh crores expected to be invested into 
infrastructure projects and also and I think just last week the government had formed the 
committee for again evaluating what the next level of distribution reform should be, so I 
expect that in the coming months we would again see the demand to improve. To counter 
this, we have expanded in the lighting segment in a bigger way in terms of channel sales 
and dealer, retailer network. Similarly now we are pushing the switchgear and switches into 
that. So, going forward, we would see the growth in those volumes, but in the immediate 
future, in Q4, we don’t see significant improvement.  Nonetheless, sequentially we have 
still done a little better, and from next year onwards as we are working on diversifying our 
customer portfolio much more as we hope to be de-risk the segment more by catering to 
different customer segments and once the government spending also picks up, although this 
will contribute may be just 20% to 30% of our switchgear sales, but that also should see a 
good increase going forward. 
Viral Shah: 
In terms of distribution segment when you look at, what is the difference in terms of margin 
when you look at versus government or infra players getting the contracts, so that is huge or 
it is at par? 
Gautam Seth: 
No, the segments in distribution would definitely have a little better than the unit margins 
that we have in the government segment. Although the volumes in government segments 
are much larger, typically if you see the switchgears, unlike meters the government does not 
directly tender them, so if there is a project let us say IPDS or what we had earlier in Deen 
Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana, so those kinds of projects are contracted to 
certain big private players, who subcontracted, and then the demand comes in from dealers. 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 19 
So although they are competitive because these are repeat buyers, they have good 
knowledge about the competition and everything, and because of our relationship and the 
kind of credentials that our products have, we stand a good chance for getting orders there. 
Just to remind you, if you see when the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya 
Yojana and the Last Mile Connectivity were being implemented, we were the only 
company in the country where all the eight products required could be supplied by us 
because each household had a single phase meter, it had a double pole MCB, there was 
enclosure, switch socket, there was an angular holder for the bulb and then the LED bulb 
and wires, so each of these products could be supplied by us, so in such cases, the volumes 
were very high, but the unit margins were little less. Our aim is to reach out to various 
customers and maintain a balanced product mix and segment mix, to achieve healthy 
blended margins. So, although the volumes were lower, our EBIT margins have remained 
intact at around 18%, so I would say these are still good margins. As the volumes pickup, 
we can even go up to  19% to 20% levels.  
Viral Shah: 
Lastly, on the liquidity front in terms of working capital and payments from clients, how are 
you facing, and what is the situation out there, so if you could throw some light on that? 
Gautam Seth: 
I assume you are talking on the B2C business, the trade business? 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, on the B2C business. 
Gautam Seth: 
If you see the in the overall market sentiment or the liquidity position in the trade market, 
that has been affected due to challenging macro-environment. Nevertheless, if you see for 
the past couple of years and then quarter wise, we have actually improved our debtor days 
in the trade which stand at around 90 days now. The reasons behind this that we came up 
with channel financing, and then we put in a very strong internal discipline for collections, 
and there have been a lot of efforts on effective implementation of this in the last couple of 
years. So during this time we have reduced our debtor days from 120-130 days to around 90 
days now despite the tough market conditions had the market not changed from let us say 
from an average market to a bad market, our figures would have been much better. In fact 
even right now actually the demand is not a problem, there is a lot of demand coming in, 
but we are still being selective and supplying in the channel based on the payment terms 
and higher expected recovery rather than taking a short-term view for just hitting higher 
sales and then again, spoiling our debtor days. So, there we are very conscious, and I think 
our process and systems are very much in place. Going forward for the next year, again, we 
have lined up many more dealers to come into channel financing, and we have been much 
more forceful with our channels regarding that, and that is something that needs to happen 
to bring in better financial discipline. As we see the market pickup, which probably should 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 19 
happen sometime next year, depending on how the government policies are implemented, I 
think we can bring down our debtor days in the trade market even more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. So, next year in the second half once this smart 
metering volumes kick in, what kind of margins we can expect? 
Gautam Seth: 
At present, our margins are around 15% to 16%. Overall once the revenue from smart 
meters starts flowing in, we do expect the margins to really go up, yes, so I cannot probably 
give a figure whether it could be 18%, 20% or even going beyond that, but definitely, it is 
something which would go up. Now, we need to see, because the way the new tenders come 
out now, this I would say is the second phase of tendering, because the first phase did not 
actually go the way the government wanted, so I would say the moment two or three 
tenders are out and we see one or two quarters of the implementation happening then I think 
we would be in better position to give a more specific guidance. But broadly looking at the 
way the business is, the way the technology is much more high-end and with competition 
being a little more restricted, so definitely the margins will go up. 
Anurag Patil: 
Sir, can you tell me the current total debt as of now? 
Gautam Seth: 
On the net basis, the debt stands at Rs 496 Crores. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you very much. That’s it from my side. 
Gautam Seth: 
Just to add on that, our debt equity ratio has been maintained currently at 0.76, which is 
almost in-line with what we had in March. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Sir, thank you for taking my question. First, in your order book, you had mentioned in 
lighting you have an order book of nearly Rs 57 Crores odd, can you give some details of 
this order book? 
Gautam Seth: 
Out of this Rs 57 Crores, roughly I would say about may be Rs 10 Crores to Rs 15 Crores is 
purely from the trade, so these include 2 project orders and a large part of this would get 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 19 
executed in Q4 with some spilling over in Q1 of next year. In terms of our revenue, if you 
see in the last couple of years, majority of the sale has been through the trade itself, so we 
have been refraining from doing business in EESL, so even these orders are more from the 
private players, not from EESL 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, basically, these are related to some projects, but you are going to supply with trade for 
these projects? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, I would say they are more institutional 
Praveen Sahay: 
But, you are going to supply directly, or through trade, you are going to supply? 
Gautam Seth: 
I get what you are saying, they are not pure government orders, so they are more on the 
private market. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Lastly Sir, for the last nine months, definitely in the last question you had given once the 
smart meter order will come and the margin will improve with that, but in the last 9 months 
I can see there is some deterioration in the metering margin, so what is the reason for that? 
Gautam Seth: 
If you see the meter margin in 9MFY19 was 14.5%, and now in 9MFY20, it is 15.1%. So, it 
has gone up I think you are referring to the wrong figure. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Yes. 
Gautam Seth: 
Just on the last quarter, it has gone up to 16%, but we expect this to even go further up even 
in the conventional side, and off-course, once the smart meters kick in it can go up more  
Praveen Sahay: 
Great, Sir. Thank you. Thanks a lot for taking my question and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, is it possible to split the working capital days between the utility and the non-utility 
sector? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, surely. So, considering GST, debtors’ days for utility are at 159 days, and non-utility is 
95 days and on an average that comes to 131 days. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And inventory? 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Gautam Seth: 
Inventory, I think I do not have the figures right away, I will have it shared through the IR 
for this. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sure, but is it right to assume most of the inventory will be for meters? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, we can safely assume that. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And what has been the reduction due to channel financing over the last two years in non-
utilities?? 
Gautam Seth: 
It has come down from 125-130 days a few years back years to around 95 days now. In fact 
in, December 2018, this even came down to 85 days, but roughly when we look at it, we 
have reached one benchmark of about 90 days on an average, and going forward, we are 
looking to bring it down to at least 75 days. Of course, the market during this time has not 
been so conducive because today, in the flow of money from the retailer to the dealer to the 
distributor there are definitely certain pain points, but our efforts on are on, and we are 
confident that going forward because we are looking at much higher enrolment of channel 
financing coming in even in the first quarter of next year, so that will also help us to some 
extent and also we can be hopeful that if the market turns around and the demand picks up, 
and the liquidity position also improves a little bit, which may may happen in the first or 
second quarter also, that will again help us to bring our debtor days down, but definitely our 
next target would be to get it to down closer to 75 days. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So, your receivable days declined because of the channel financing, but in view of that what 
you provide to the dealers, I mean do you offer the product at a lower margin because you 
are paying upfront or is it a largely neutral exercise for us on P&L basis?? 
Gautam Seth: 
No, I will just explain to you how this model works. Typically channel financing comes 
with a cash discount. Now, what happens is these cash discounts are otherwise available 
even on open credits, so a dealer has an option that he is paying up as advance or even in 7 
days or 30 days, so that is normally just a little small incentive over the normal interest 
rates. In channel financing, what happens is again, they get a cash discount, so he has an 
incentive to pay quicker, only thing is the way it is structured it brings in better discipline 
because between ourselves and the dealer where we do share a great relationship, a bank is 
involved and typically with the bank involved the whole thing becomes much more 
structured, so that is why if you see most of the companies on the trade side are now 
looking at channel financing because it is a very effective tool to do that. You must realize 
one thing that, eventhough we are going for channel financing, there is some percentage of 
recourse, which is coming in because we have just started channel financing about one and 
half years to two years back. The moment recourse comes in those numbers are shown in 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 19 
the debtors even if the money comes in, so this we have clarified even earlier also in our 
earlier earnings calls, as our channel financing is aging and we are becoming much better, 
and banks are seeing a good performance by the dealers eventually going forward the entire 
program would become without recourse to us because banks were seeing the kind of 
business even they are getting and the moment that happens a lot of debtors days gets 
removed from our balance sheet, so if you compare with even other people who have been 
following the channel financing model for much longer they probably are not giving the 
kind of recourse what we may be giving, so there is a certain percentage, it is not 100% 
recourse what we are giving, but nevertheless that percentage even if the money comes in is 
shown as the debtors, which adversely affects the ratios when you look at it. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, second question was on the smart meters, now the government has been talking a lot 
about meters even before the budget and after the budget. But are there any live tenders and 
if no then what is holding it back as per your interaction with the people on the ground, 
what is holding back any new tenders? 
Gautam Seth: 
I believe the tenders are already there. There are tenders from the state utility and even the 
currently tenders are happening through EESL, so there are requirements, there are tenders 
happening. Earlier what I said was that whenever we see a change in technology, there may 
be an interim period where we might see certain gaps because the smart meter, unlike the 
other meters, is not just a purchase of an equipment, it does involve integrating it into a 
system, so when we see a new technology come in there would be a lot of learning 
experience for the utility even at their level because it is a change in the technology, change 
in the mindset of working, but in future operationally you will find that it is much better for 
the utility. From the central government’s standpoint, right after the elections, they have 
been very clear and they have in fact openly gone on the record to say that the earlier 
schemes of reducing the losses were not successful and that installation of smart meters is 
one sure way of reducing those losses by the utilities, so definitely it is in their program. So 
right now, there are tenders, and there are a lot of enquiries and talks happening where they 
are framing up the new specifications, so we should see a lot of tenders coming out, but, 
yes, may be one quarter here and there, there could be interim time required, which may see 
certain erratic business. In the case of  HPL Electric, we already have pending orders and 
revenue visibility for at least two quarters of meter business plus we have a large amount of 
trade business for meters also, which comes in, thanks to our other verticals, which are very 
much trade dominant. Therefore we have a very strong trade network, and that entire 
network has an open access to buying the meters from our meter division, so definitely at 
least for the next two quarters we are well covered, and in the meantime, I think that is 
sufficient time to see a lot of new tenders come out, a lot of learning experience for the 
equipment manufacturers and the utility happening and once that happens by the second 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 19 
quarter of next year if the tenders get decided then that can really help the industry and it 
can open up a whole new growth area for us in a very big way. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sure, just a quick follow up, as you mentioned, smart meters also involves integration, so if 
you would also be doing the integration that will be a complete package or it will be done 
by someone else? 
Gautam Seth: 
No, again, it depends upon like earlier when the first 3 tenders came out by the EESL, in 
fact, I think they wanted the supply to be independent of the implementation, so again, it 
would depend upon the way utility structures it and the way the government wants it. But 
either way as a company we are prepared for both the scenarios, so it may involve certain 
kind of off-shoring or partnering with people to get the entire structure up and running, but I 
think from a capability point of view, the industry is pretty ready for implementation of this 
and so are the utilities as well, because they have had a sufficient time of three to four years, 
so they have also been updating themselves on how they want it. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sure, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishit Shah from Dhanki Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rishit Shah: 
Good afternoon, Sir. A couple of questions, out of the current order book of Rs 300 Crores 
is in the metering, does it involve any orders for smart meters? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, I think there are some orders, although in value terms, it is not very large, but there are 
orders of smart meters within this order book. 
Rishit Shah: 
Secondly, regarding the smart meters, so basically, as we see, the current capacity of 
electric meters that you have is around 11 million meters per annum, right? 
Gautam Seth: 
That is right, yes. 
Rishit Shah: 
So, basically, is it completely fungible for smart meters as well or is there any reduction in 
the capacity that we would have? 
Gautam Seth: 
No, the entire capacity that we have for the regular conventional meters can be shifted to 
smart meters in volume terms. In fact, this calculation is done based on when you see the 
entire process of meters it involves 10 to 12 different processes; you have the moldings, 
then you have the electronic manufacturing, different sub-stages and couple of those sub-
stages have also been calculated on a singe shift or two shifts depending upon the way we 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 19 
have seen the progress over the last couple of years. But if the need is, let us say 
enormously high, the way the government is talking, then we can definitely scale up 
without much capex within the existing infrastructure. Further, in case of smart meters apart 
from the volumes, in value terms it will be much higher, so let us say for 1 lakh meters 
made in the conventional and 1 lakh meters made for the smart meters, more or less the 
effort is the same, the technologies and the kind of components and PCBs and other 
software used are very different, but the effort and the physical infrastructure required is 
pretty much the same as far as the volumes are concerned.  
Rishit Shah: 
One more thing regarding basically the prospective orders in smart meters, so how would 
the mix be from EESL and state utilities, anything on that? 
Gautam Seth: 
Probably, I am not the right person to comment on that, but if you see, the government in 
the last 6-8 months has been talking quite a lot on that. In the budget, they have actually 
allocated over Rs 20,000 Crores for the power and renewable energy sector, and I would 
believe a lot it is for the smart meters. Further, even separately I think certain funds have 
been created for the smart meters, now this I would believe will happen in two ways, one 
the government doing the procurement directly like in EESL what they are doing, but either 
way, I don’t see them to be doing the entire procurement themselves and then distributing to 
various states because the states have already moved ahead on that, the government has also 
talked about certain incentives what they would get based on achieving certain parameters 
where they would get more funding for the smart meters. So, I think it is going to be a mix 
of the states coming out with their smart meter tenders funded again by the central 
government, and the EESL also continuing to buy that. Now, how the mix would be for that 
frankly we need to see how the tenders come out, and only then will we be able to comment 
on it.  
Rishit Shah: 
Just a quick follow up on this, so basically is there any significant difference in the working 
capital, the receivable days between SEBs and EESL? 
Gautam Seth: 
Although, we have not done much business in the last two years or so now in EESL, but I 
would say initially or earlier when the EESL started-off, the payments were much better, 
but what I believe now because we are not directly doing it, but I believe at least on the 
lighting part, there have been certain delays in the payments from the EESL. I still believe 
on the meter part, which is of course very small in EESL that the payments are still good, so 
we need to see how this thing is structured out, but if there is specific funding happening by 
the government, then I think that should be a good back up because if the government is 
really looking to put up the 25 Crores meters in three years or even five years, that will 
require a huge amount of money to be spent. So, for that, I think they will have to have a 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 19 
strong backing of funds, but otherwise, the project and integration would not come on the 
ground definitely. 
Rishit Shah: 
Right, thank you so much, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Khanna from AK Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Khanna: 
Thanks for taking my question. So, my question is on the wires and cable segment where 
we have changed the strategy to increase the prices in last quarter. So, I just wanted to 
check how that has been played in this quarter and what do we expect in the short, medium 
and long term in this segment? 
Gautam Seth: 
Amit, if you look at the wire and cables business that is still a very small business at just 6% 
of our overall revenues, but we have done certain corrections on the pricing, and we feel as 
we go on, in the short and medium term we are keen to improve our margins, we are also 
again looking to get into the trade segment in a bigger way, and we have seen some positive 
results in the last three to four months. So, going forward, I would see this segment 
becoming much larger; we need it to be at least 10% to 15% of the overall revenue, so for 
us, as HPL each of our product verticals is very important to us.  We could see some very 
short-term pain here as we are expanding and establishing our pricing, but on a medium 
term basis, I believe we would see the volumes going up in the next year. So, that is 
something which we are focused on, and I am sure down the line in the next two to three 
quarters, you will see certain positive results in the wire segment. 
Amit Khanna: 
Can you give us some margin guidance for this segment for the short and medium term? 
Gautam Seth: 
Amit, it is a little difficult to say, our margin right now is very low, so for us definitely from 
may be 4% plus something, even if we go to 6% to 7%, for us that is a good improvement. 
But I think be next time may we will try to put in some figures for the next year on what 
kind of margins we can have. But definitely, we hope to see volume growth, and we are 
also trying to add new customers or pushing the product more aggressively to our trade 
channels because right now even internally what we have seen is that a lot of our existing 
retailers, so we have network of almost 27,000 retailers and I would say very small 
percentage was still using our wires, so internally also we have a large scope. Further, we 
are also putting in a new program starting from April, where in the next two to three years, 
we are looking to extend our retail network from 27,000 to almost 100,000 retailers. So I 
would say margins may go up from 4% to 6-7%, but I think more specifically, as the 
volumes grow and we are able to sustain the current realizations, then I think just as an 
outcome of that only you will see the margins going up. 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Amit Khanna: 
And how much incremental revenue are you expecting by increase in the retailers from 
27,000 to 100,000? 
Gautam Seth: 
So, as discussed in the opening remarks, we are looking to grow our B2C business, and we 
do definitely see a big scope for that. So from a fundamental standpoint, once the program 
gets underway, with the growth in the number of retailers, the B2C revenue is going to go 
up significantly in the next 2-3 years, but I cannot quantify on that at the moment. We 
would see the benefit of this in all 4 of our verticals in the trade segment, and they will see 
higher growth. Also, as we see the network becoming larger and then with the better 
monitoring because we are trying to put in certain apps where we can get the entire retail 
network better mapped and directly connected with the company, of course, the supplies 
happen through our dealers and distributors, but once that happens then we will be able to 
monitor the secondary market in a better manner, and that will eventually help all the 
products whether they are wires, switches, MCBs or LED lighting, so all of them to really 
grow in the market.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sir, I have few questions, first is in one of the conference calls, one of the OEMs have 
mentioned that they are going to do the entire range of production for lighting products for 
HPL Electric, are we going become asset light in the lighting business is that how 
management looks at this business now? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, so actually we have 100s of SKUs (each individual product) in lighting, so I think 
about three or four of them have been outsourced, these products although little larger in 
volume, I would say within our range are not so critical. And so we felt that it was better to 
outsource them so we could focus our manufacturing infrastructure more on higher-end 
products, which gives us a better contribution and also better control over their quality 
while the lower-end products could be outsourced, so definitely, this strategy is right. Of 
course, but yes, we are talking about 3 to 4 SKUs only and not the entire range because the 
entire LED range is very large, it has 100s of SKUs. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
When you say three to four SKUs, would they be a part of LED bulbs? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, we are talking only about the LED bulbs and may be certain patterns and stuff like that 
but on specific ratings 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just continuing on the lighting segment, have we seen that the price erosion in the LED 
lighting segment has now been over or we are still seeing some sort of decline presently? 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Gautam Seth: 
Over the years, we have seen a continuous decline in the pricing, and then correspondingly, 
the costs have also come down, and I would say last year we thought we reached the peak. 
But now the declines that you see are more competitive in nature, So, we have also put in 
our centralized procurement, and we have seen certain savings coming out, so sometimes 
there are competitive pressures to pass the cost savings on. Our lighting segment has been 
doing fairly well, and even going ahead we do see a good performance in Q4 as well. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just to know more on this metering segment side, you have mentioned some of the state 
utilities are going for tendering in the smart meter. Could you highlight, which state utilities 
are very active in this smart meter tendering segment at this point in time? 
Gautam Seth: 
You know the specific tenders I would not be able to disclose to you in terms of what the 
utilities have actually come up with as that is more of a competitive information. But 
broadly if you see almost every utility is today talking about it, or they have taken some 
specific actions, and they are mandated by the government to do that. So it is not like it is 
their choice that they are doing it or somebody is not doing it, the government has clearly 
mandated it, and I would say almost every state utility is on board. So, now based on their 
own requirements because some of them have recently given out big tenders on the 
conventional side, you will always find that there will be like some states that are tendering 
early with regards to smart meters and some would probably release tenders down the line 
as and when they require it. But in terms of the move to go towards smart meters, I would 
say it is unanimous, and you will find everybody working on it. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sir, on this China thing where because of this virus lot of supply disruption is expected, so 
what is the portion of our imports from China, and do you see any threat to the supply chain 
for us? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes, so in terms of threat, what we have worked out is at least till the end of Q4 we do not 
find any immediate impact happening, and to some extent, we have been a little higher on 
the inventory side also as we have discussed earlier. So, somewhere at least till Q4, we do 
not see an immediate impact. Now, if this prolongs or goes on for a longer period, then 
definitely a certain impact will start coming in. In the LED business broadly we are into 
complete manufacturing, but a lot of components especially the electronic components and 
certain parts are coming in from China and even the global companies whether they are the 
US or Taiwan, Korean or Singapore companies even they have a lot of their manufacturing 
base in China, so definitely certain disruption is expected. Also earlier we we were talking 
on the pricing, I think it is the first time in so many years we that would be expecting the 
prices to go up and in fact, if you go through today’s paper and even the news yesterday, the 
lighting manufacturer association has said that the prices from March and April would be 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 18 of 19 
going up almost 10%, so this is happening because one, with regards to the availability, 
immediately we do not find an issue, but if it prolongs then definitely from April, May 
onwards somewhere the supply chain would get disrupted and even if alternate suppliers 
come up, which most likely it would happen then the pricing may go up may be 5%, 7%, 
10%. So looking at that even we are expected to increase our pricing, we have already 
informed our teams and dealers that they need to gear up for a price increase in March, 
which of course, would happen for the first time I think in the last five years. We are also 
evaluating this situation closely, we are in touch with our suppliers right now, and yes, the 
suppliers from China are not able to deliver for obvious reasons every one is aware of that, 
and we do hope that this issue gets sorted out soon. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
What portion is the import content for you? 
Gautam Seth: 
If you look at the LED segment, we do a lot of the manufacturing, but the base material 
eventually whether directly or indirectly ends up from China, but if you see the figures 
given by Elcoma, they talk about almost 50% of material the LED bulb coming directly or 
indirectly from China, as China is very competitive. But if you analyze it, there are alternate 
suppliers as well with countries like Vietnam and Korea and others that can also supply, 
obviously the pricing may be different. India in the last two to three years has really come 
up very well in the manufacturing yet the core components because India does not have 
electronic manufacturing, even we do not make IC, so any electronic company in India 
whether it is LED light or even the televisions or mobile phones the dependence on China 
or global manufacturers having factories in China remains quite high, so from that point of 
view in the first quarter one needs to see whether certain disruptions may happen or raw 
material price increases may come in, luckily in the trade segment, if there is any price 
increase happening. then with a gap of one month or so, at least that can be passed on, and 
we already are seeing a certain price increase to get passed on in March itself to the 
consumers. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Any other segment apart from lighting, which could be impacted because of China? 
Gautam Seth: 
To some extent in meters because, if you look at the mechanical parts, even the plastics, 
polycarbonate, and everything else is locally very well available, but wherever the 
electronic parts are involved there, they may be an impact. Our teams have already been 
working on what is the possible impact or what is the alternative strategy to address these 
kinds of problems, so I think the efforts are on, but the issue is a very short-term one. But 
yes, if it prolongs, then it will, to some extent, impact the supply chain. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you. 

                                                 HPL Electric & Power Private Limited 
February 19, 2020 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thanks, Aysha. We want to thank Mr. Gautam Seth for allowing us to host this call. We 
also thank all the investors and the analysts for joining this call.  Any last comment, Sir. 
Gautam Seth: 
It was a great interaction we had. To conclude, I would like to reiterate that we are quite 
optimistic about the growth prospects, especially on the smart meters front, as we expect 
that to gain pace going forward. Furthermore, we also strongly believe that our B2C 
business will see better traction going forward led by the initiatives taken by the company 
and supported gradually by the economic revival. With this, we firmly believe that HPL is 
poised for the next leg of growth and to create sustainable value for our shareholders. I 
thank all of you for joining us on this call and wish you a great day ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
