-'­
=F, 
S Chand And Company Limited 
Registered Office: A-27, 2nd Floor, Mohan Co-Operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi - 110044, India. 
S.CHAND
GROUP
P:+91 11 4973 1800 I F:+91 11 4973 1801 I E: info@schandgroup.com I www.schandCfroup.com •---■
To 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
251h Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai, Maharashtra 40000 I 
Dear Sir, 
Date: February 28, 2020 
To 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Sandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra 
400051 
Re: Transcript of conference call for the Analysts and Investors 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Analysts and Investors on Friday, February 14, 2020 
at I :00 P.M. to discuss the financial results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2019. The 
transcript of the said conference call held with the Analysts and Investors is enclosed herewith. 
The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the website of the Company­
\\\\\\ .schandgroup.rnm. 
Request you to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking You. 
For S Chand A 
 
Jagdeep Singh 
Company Secret 
iance Officer 
Membership No: Al5028 
Address: A-27, 2nd Floor, 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, 
New Delhi-110044 
Encl: as above 
CIN No. L22219DL1970PLC005400 

1
S Chand & Company Ltd. 
Q3 FY20 Earnings Conference Call 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S Chand & Company Ltd Q3 FY 20 
earnings conference call hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and 0 on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Ms. Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. Thank you and over to 
you sir.  
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
Thank you. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, I welcome you all to the Q3 FY20 earnings 
call of S Chand Ltd. We have with us the management represented by Mr. Himanshu 
Gupta - MD, Mr. Saurabh Mittal – CFO and Mr. Atul Soni – Head of Investor Relations, 
Strategy and M&A. I would now like to handover the call to the management for opening 
remarks, after which we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
Thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I am Himanshu Gupta, the Managing 
Director of S. Chand & Company Limited. I would like to welcome you all to our third 
quarter and nine months period result conference call for FY2020 and thank you all for 
taking the time-out and joining us here today. 
In Q3 last year we embarked upon S Chand 3.0 which was to focus on Operational and 
Working Capital Efficiency. This involved focusing on better terms of trade with our 
channel partners, rationalizing costs, focusing on inventory optimization, improving use 
of data for business and achieving timely payment cycles. It gives us great satisfaction in 
saying that we were successfully in the implementation which has resulted in us achieving 
Operational Cash Flows of almost Rs1400 Mn over the last 4 quarters.  
On back of our focus on “S Chand 3.0” implementation, we have turned operating cash 
flow positive during the first nine months of FY20 period. Operating cash flow for 9MFY20 
stood at positive Rs96m vs. Loss of Rs920m in the same period last year. This represents 
an improvement of Rs1,016m in operating cash flows over last year, which is largely on 
account of improved collection cycles, optimum inventories, rationalized costs during the 
non-peak season and better working capital management.  
During Q3, we have focused on a few aspects i.e engagement with Schools for existing 
and new products including Monthly Term Books (MTBs) , engaging with Channel partners 

2
for clear defined terms and settlement of accounts, production planning considering the 
impending NEP and B2C marketing  of India’s most affordable Learning App - Learnflix. 
We have launched a marketing campaign for Learnflix with our brand ambassador Saurav 
Ganguly in January with a full-page advertisement in Times of India – Delhi Edition and 
event in Kolkata. I am happy to report that Learnflix has already been downloaded over 
5k times and we are looking at adoptions in the coming year in schools by over 100k 
students in coming months. We already have a few schools signed through our B2B 
campaigns. Mylestone, our school curriculum business has already signed up over 300 
schools for the next academic year and we are looking to a stronger year end in this 
vertical. TestCoach, our mobile mock exam app has seen strong 5x spike in downloads 
and installations post a change in our marketing strategy. We feel that these products and 
services would be the future growth drivers for the Group in the coming years. 
With that, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Saurabh Mittal to apprise all of us on the 
financial performance of S. Chand in Q3 of FY2020.  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for your time. I am Saurabh Mittal, CFO of S. 
Chand. 
During the first nine months of the year, our consolidated operating revenues came in 
higher by 34% at Rs975 million versus Rs729 million in the same period last year. Our 
EBITDA loss reduced sharply by 16% over the corresponding period last year and our net 
loss reduced by 8% over the same period last year. 
Specifically, on cost rationalization on our fixed overheads (net of provisions for expected 
credit loss and adjusted for lease payments) are lower by ~ Rs. 500 Mn from Rs2305Mn 
to Rs. 1705Mn for the same period last year. We are well ahead of the guided cost 
rationalization targets that we set for ourselves under S Chand 3.0 Plan.    
We have also seen huge improvements in receivables, inventory and Net working capital 
(NWC) levels in the company. Most of these levels stand at historic low levels in 
comparison to previous years. On the receivables and NWC front, we have improved 
these levels by approx. 2x times than what we have historically done over the 9 months 
period. This speaks about our unrelenting focus on these metrics for the company during 
FY20.  
More specifically, we are seeing the strongest collection and working capital parameters 
in the past 4 years. On the receivables front, we have seen reduction of 209 days during 
9MFY20 which has historically been between 120-140 day reduction. This is the lowest 
level of receivable days achieved in comparison to previous years. Details of which are 
shared in the investor presentation across Slide no 6 & 7.  

3
On the inventory front, our efforts to enter the season with optimum levels of inventory 
to efficiently manage working capital in the company has borne fruit. We have entered 
the peak season with 16% lower levels of inventory vs last year (lower by ~ Rs.460mn). 
This is one of the lowest levels of inventory that we have had in past years while entering 
our peak sales season and the impending NEP.  
On the Net working capital front, we reduced NWC by 133 days in 9MFY20 which has 
historically been around 30-70 days reduction. This is almost a 2x reduction than what we 
have historically achieved.  
On the debt front, our gross Debt & Net debt stood at Rs2,247m and Rs2,075m 
respectively. We are at a comfortable Debt to Equity ratio of 0.25x and we expect debt 
levels to reduce going ahead on back of higher free cash flow generation from business.  
Do note that our working capital debt stands much lower at Rs1,260m vs 1,924m in 
Q3FY19 & Rs1,409m in Q4FY19 (a reduction of Rs664Mn YOY and Rs149Mn from Q4FY19. 
We are targeting our net debt to be at least 30% lower than last year on back of increased 
cash flows. We look firmly on track to deliver much better operating cash flows for the 
year than our guided 50% of EBITDA conversion rate.  
With this, I would like to open the call for your questions. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you very much sir. Shall we begin the Q&A session?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
Yes, we can go ahead with it.  
Operator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the Question & Answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If 
you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants 
are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. To ask a question, please press 
* and 1 on your touchtone phone now.
We have our first question from the line of Piyush Chadda. Please go ahead. 

4
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments: 
Our peak revenue before the IPO was around Rs800 crores. After we go through all the 
measures that we are taking to rationalize working capital and remove old stock from the 
system, what do we expect our annual revenue to be like? I mean, just in terms of order 
of magnitude?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
So just to correct you, the peak revenue post the IPO was Rs795 crores. Since our IPO was 
in May 2017, Pre IPO reported revenues was around Rs540 odd crores for FY16 since FY17 
numbers were not announced at the time of the IPO. For FY17, I think we were at approx. 
Rs680 crores of revenues and FY18 revenues were approx. Rs795 crores. See, normalized 
revenue for last year, if we don’t take into account the one-time provision, incremental 
provisions, it would’ve been around Rs620 crores. And we feel for the level of working 
capital efficiency that we want to work with, which will generate free cash flows, for this 
year it should be in the range of between Rs650 crores and Rs700 crores. And that’s the 
normal revenue that we are targeting.  
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments:  
And is this a number that can grow between 15-18% a year. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer:  
Yes, we have talked about achieving at least high teens growth post NEP implementation 
for couple of years. This happens because for atleast 2-3 years the second hand market 
goes obsolete. So there you would have a higher growth rate for 2-3 years post NEP 
announcement.  
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments: 
Okay. And in terms of the free cash flow that we generate, would the priority be in paying 
down debt or would the priority be in investing in the electronic and ecommerce forms 
of education that you are looking at? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
So we’ve got 2-3 priorities. Of course, the first is to reduce debt as much as possible. As 
far as the investments in digital, since we are largely B2B player, it would not be 
substantial in the e-learning business. However of course, we are also looking to pay some 
dividend out of the profits that we would generate. So that’s also one of the key priorities 
because last year we were unable to do that, and we feel this year we should be able to 
pay dividends from profits as well.  

5
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments: 
Okay. So the priority would be one, reduce debt, two, pay dividend and then look at 
investments in business. Thanks a lot. If I’ve got anything more, I’ll come back. Thanks a 
lot.  
Operator: 
Thank you sir. That was Mr. Piyush Chadda from Serendib Investments. Participants who 
wish to ask questions at this time may press * and 1 on their touchtone phone now. Ladies 
and gentlemen, to ask a question please press * and 1.  
We have our next question from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
Thank you very much sir for the opportunity. Sir, can you throw some light on your 
Learnflix? I think it’s very small percentage of your total business. How big can that be? 
So some thought process on Learnflix might help. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
So, I would like to tell you that we are not the first player in the market to launch a 
personalized learning app. Yes, there are bigger players which have a bigger marketing 
budget and bigger revenues than us. But the difference between us and them is the 
pricing aspect of the offering. You see for a personalized learning app, the pricing varies 
from Rs. 20,000 per student per class per year ranging up to Rs. 60,000 or Rs. 70,000. So 
that is the price range. We have priced Learnflix very affordably between Rs. 2,000-2,500 
per student per class per year. And we believe the B2B and B2C segment is completely 
unexplored right now because of the high price point of these players. We feel the strong 
point of our company is that we have access to close to 40,000 schools that we already 
go to. And in the coming months, we will be giving more demos and more presentations 
in the schools to garner in more subscribers through the school. So we believe our 
strategy of affordable app with targeting B2 B2C segment, would be different than the 
others. And we just believe that we want to penetrate and reach 1,00,000 downloads in 
the coming quarters. But we will only come to know about all these things in a much 
better light after a couple of months, because right now the exams are going on in CBSE 
schools. We are promoting our product, but I think by April or May we would be able to 
guide the investors better. But the response from the market and the feedback from the 
customers is quite positive. 

 6
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
 
Okay. And you mentioned 1,00,000 downloads. So how does that translate to revenue?  
 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
 
We are talking about targeting 1,00,000 app downloads in the coming months which we 
hope can lead to around 20,000-25,000 paid subscribers. In terms of revenues, one paying 
subscriber will pay us anything between Rs. 1,200-Rs1,500 per paying subscriber as a 
ballpark. It’s the start of a journey so let’s see how it progresses and we are very confident 
of the product and its growth journey.     
 
Management - S Chand & Company: 
 
Just to add to what Himanshu is saying, this is a large segment of personalized learning 
which is now developing. And thanks to multiple players, there’s a huge opportunity in 
this, and we believe that being a credible company with top quality content, we at an 
affordable price, we have a very strong case. And we are using the network of schools and 
channels partners and we are leveraging that to penetrate into more and more schools 
and hence reach more and more students.  
 
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
 
Okay. Do you see there’s a big opportunity over the next 3-4 years in this app? How do 
you see that? 
 
Management - S Chand & Company: 
 
Yes, this is one of the big trends in education. If you see, the mobile devices, smart phones 
and internet penetration have greatly improved. And because of that, the usage of mobile 
phones and usage of internet by kids as well as by teachers, has also improved. If you look 
at recent industry reports, mobile search has grown three times in the last year, video 
consumption for education has grown four times, so there’s a usage trend. There are user 
habits which are changing, and we want to bank on that trend. And thanks to many 
players in the market, the category is also getting created because of all the marketing 
dollars that are being spent by various players.   
 
Management - S Chand & Company: 
 
If you see the largest players in the market they are spending big money in things like 
sponsoring the Indian Cricket Team, roping in Bollywood stars etc. So there are lot of new 
investments in the EdTech which are pouring in. So, we always thought that we should be 
in this segment since we have with us such a large content depository that has been built 
over the last 8 decades in S Chand. And we believe that in the B2B2C category, where 

7
there are so many children going to schools, if the schools adopt our app, the students 
would have to use it, and the teacher can also send homework, assignments, tests 
through that app. Thus, it’s enabling two-way communication from the school, from the 
teacher to the student and the student to the teacher. So we believe that in the future 
this is what is going to be a very lucrative business. Print will always remain; print will be 
there. But this is also one side of the business that we now believe has a huge potential.  
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
Fair enough. And my second question is, you mentioned that this year we are looking at 
Rs650-Rs700 crores kind of a topline rate for this year.  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
Right. 
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
And in terms of margins, you have earlier guided around 20-22%. So are we sticking to 
that in FY20? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
We guided to around 18-20% rate and we’ll stick to that. 
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
18-20%, okay. Fair enough. That’s it from my side.
Operator: 
Thank you sir. A reminder to the participants, to ask a question please press * and 1 from 
your touchtone phone now. We have the next from the line of Piyush K from JM Financial. 
Go ahead. 
Mr. Piyush K – JM Financial: 
Sir, I just wanted to inquire about this digital learning that you were talking about. We 
have several competitors like Byju’s etc. So I wanted to know, what is the model we have 
or what is the differentiating factor that we are giving the customers, that they would 
prefer our app instead of the other companies. 

8
Management - S Chand & Company: 
In this category, if you look at the school segment, there are 300 million students. So if 
you even look at the top 1,00,000 schools which are used to some kind of digital 
penetration and approx. 1,000 students per school, there are 10 crores students which 
are there in that market. So looking at the huge market size, I would not be bothered 
about the competition. I think now there’s a need for category creation and there is 
enough space for all the grow and expand. So even if there are 2-3 players, it’s a good 
thing for the category.  
Second, I think our value proposition is very clear and strong. We are saying we are giving 
top quality content product from a credible company at a very affordable price. In 
addition to that, we also have extra stuff like e-books from top authors which only we can 
give. So in a way, Learnflix means the Netflix for education. We are providing everything 
that a student needs right from e-books to digital content to analytics to remedial, in one 
single pack at an extremely affordable price, which is Rs. 2,000-2,500 per student per year. 
So I think that’s a very strong proposition. Also, our route to the market is different from 
the B2C players. Our route to the market is leveraging our existing network of schools, 
our existing relationships with the schools as well as our visiting channel partner network. 
And we will support that with a lot of digital marketing, promotions and all that. That’s 
the way we are going about it. So I think more than competition, I think I am more focused 
on my product offering which is very strong and the network which I already enjoy.  
Mr. Piyush K – JM Financial: 
Sir, the other question was about the EBITDA loss reduction that we’ve seen over the 
year. Sir I just wanted to know, what has propelled it? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
So it’s largely on the back of lower costs. If you look at my fixed costs, if you keep aside 
the provision for expected credit loss and the lease adjustment, the costs are down by 
almost Rs50 crores. And last year we had guided a full year cost rationalization of 60-80 
crores and we are well ahead of our guidance. So even a lower revenue as compared to 
FY18 would still bring us back in terms of the kind of margins that we are looking at. And 
it’s only bringing in more efficiency into the system. So, largely on the back of our cost 
rationalization without impacting our revenues for the first 9 months. Our revenues are 
higher despite the lower costs.  
Mr. Piyush K – JM Financial: 
So I see the reduction in the raw material consumed also to a significant amount. What 
do you have to say on that? 

 9
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
In terms of raw material consumption, see this year we are heading into the next 
academic year awaiting the New Education Policy. So consciously we are looking at what 
we are printing, and we are being very clear about how much we need to print, because 
the New Education Policy will also bring in a lot of change in the curriculum. So we do not 
want to be ending up with a lot of inventory when it comes in. So in that sense we are 
being more efficient and that is one of the reasons why our cash flow is also better and 
we’ve been able to reduce the overall inventory levels going into the season in 
comparison to last year. We have been purchasing less and we have been pushing more 
of our existing stock into the market. The number of books revised this year because of 
the impending NEP has also been less in number. So retention of the same books has 
happened in most of the schools. So that is also helping us this year.  
 
Mr. Piyush K – JM Financial: 
 
Okay sir. Sir, one more additional question to the cost, particularly when it comes to 
employee expenses. Sir I just wanted to know what our HR policy is regarding contractual 
employees? Do we employee a lot of contractual staff in our companies? Some details on 
what lead to the reduction in employee expenses would be useful.  
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
In terms of cost rationalization of employees, we’ve done two things. For your first 
question, majority of our employees are permanent, , except for some who work in the 
printing press which is seasonal in nature because it works practically for six months only 
from October to mid-April, which is the peak time for our business. So there we do employ 
contractual staff but I would say, from the workforce, 90% of it would be fixed.  
 
On what we did in terms of cost rationalization, just two things. We have brought our 
back end together. We have been able to consolidate most of the back-end functions in 
terms of publishing, HR, finance, IT etc. And second and the most important things is that 
we have been able to consolidate our warehousing needs from 22 locations across to 6-7 
locations. That has also helped us in reducing inventories. So where we had 22 locations, 
we had people manning those locations that too in a seasonal business which goes on for 
4-5 months, we’ve been able to bring it back to 6-7 locations and that is why that cost has 
reduced. So it’s not actually having to fire lot of people, but more about bringing in 
efficiencies on the supply chain and support services which has helped to reduce cost. 
 
Mr. Piyush K – JM Financial: 
 
Okay. Just a last question on my side. I wanted to have some guidance on the overall 
business as such be it print or digital. What are we seeing going forward 2-3 years down 
the line from here?   

 10
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
Once the NEP comes in, we will see high teens growth for the whole business from FY22 
onwards for couple of years. As for FY21, our base case is that we do not see the NEP 
impact coming in substantially. However, incase the final NEP is announced earlier then 
we can accrue the benefit of that starting FY21 itself. On the digital and services side, we 
are still small. It constitutes about 7-8% revenues. That I think will grow faster. This should 
grow in excess of 25-30% in the next 2-3 years. So it was 37 crores last year and in the 
next 3 years we are optimistic about touching Rs100 crores topline.  
 
Mr. Piyush K – JM Financial: 
 
Thank you for your time.  
 
Operator: 
 
Thank you sir. Anyone who wishes to ask a question at this time may press * and 1 on 
your touchtone phone now. The next question is from the line of Piyush Chadda from 
Serendib Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments:  
 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity once again. Just sticking with Learnflix for a moment, is it 
benchmarked against something like Mindspark by EIL. Would that be a close competitor?  
 
Management - S Chand & Company: 
 
So see, this is a complete learning app. Mindspark is more of an assessment platform. If 
you want to have a similar comparison then maybe Byju’s, Toppr and other apps are 
similar to it. All these players Byju’s, Meritnation, Toppr, Extramarks they offer complete 
learning apps. 
 
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments:  
 
One of the problems we’ve seen with e-learning and EdTech companies that have chosen 
to go through the school route is that schools are very reluctant to part with any of their 
fees because they don’t feel that they can pass it on to customers very easily. What has 
been the reaction to your offering from the first few schools you’ve worked with? 
 
Management - S Chand & Company: 
 
So, this is right. Schools find it difficult to push offerings to parents incase they are 
expensive, which is precisely the reason why we have kept it at a very affordable price. 
Unlike the other apps which are available at Rs. 20,000-30,000, ours is priced at Rs. 2,000-

 11
2,500. So that’s one barrier we have tried to break. The other thing is that, as we are going 
to schools it’s a process and this process takes time to establish. So we are engaging with 
the management, giving demos to them, in some cases to parents also and even teachers. 
So as mentioned by our MD earlier, we have been able to make a headway in some 
schools and have been able to get prescriptions there. But yeah, it’s a process and as we 
go along, this will accelerate.  
 
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments:  
 
Have you thought about bundling your app and the print textbooks together? I mean, 
would that make any sense?  
 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
 
This is Himanshu here. So basically, in this case we are already doing bundling. We have 
another app which is called myStudygear which already has 1.1 million downloads, and 
that app is given free with the books. And the content related to the books whichever is 
required, Let’s say you’re giving a content of Class 8 Mathematics with the app, so the 
child will get 8th Class Mathematics digitally through the app in myStudygear. So basically, 
we are also trying to upsell to our existing 1.1 million downloads that have already used 
myStudygear by all those students. We are already promoting Learnflix there so that they 
can upgrade to Learnflix by paying that amount. So these both apps are different. One 
goes free with the book and the other is sold separately as a product itself.  
 
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments:  
 
Great, thanks a lot. Finally, one last question. You will stay within the K-12 domain? You 
don’t want to move to areas outside K-12?  
 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
 
No, we have a substantial existing business outside of K-12 in the higher education 
segment. So S Chand, unlike many, we are one of the few organizations in the publishing 
industry who call ourselves a KG to PG company. So we offer content from kindergarten 
to post graduation.  
 
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments:  
 
I see. And post-graduation is not where your e-learning, EdTech focus is? It’s only the K-
12? 
 
 
 
 

 12
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
 
We have already launched our new app which is showing good traction in the competition 
segment which is called TestCoach. And that is primarily focused on students who are 
taking competition tests like for Bank POs, for IAS examinations, for NDA, for other railway 
boards, etc. That app is focused on that kind of segment.  
 
Mr. Piyush Chadda – Serendib Investments:  
 
Great! Thank you so much.  
 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
 
Thank you.  
 
Operator: 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question please press * and 1.  
 
We have the next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
 
Couple of questions. First, if you can just sound out what has been the total sales return 
for 9 month FY20? 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
The actual sales return? 
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
 
Yeah. 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
So, I think it has been about Rs140 crores. The same last year was probably around Rs190 
crores. So it’s a reduction of almost Rs50 crores.  
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
 
Okay. And for the full year, where do we expect this number to be? 
 

 13
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
Rs150 crores maximum. 90-95% of it has already come in. If you see our receivables, that 
is why most of our receivables are already settled this year. From last year revenues of 
Rs522 crores, I think we are carrying forward only about 10% of that at the end of third 
quarter. So we have taken care of the receivables and the returns have largely come in 
whatever had to come back. We were very well controlled over the last year. Last year 
the total was about Rs230 crores. We’ll be Rs80 crores less than last year.  
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
 
And sir on a steady state basis, in this business, what kind of sales return should one 
expect? I mean, if you can just sound out a number.  
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
So normally what happens is that you have to estimate sales returns on the gross sales of 
the last year. So for example, during FY19, we did a gross sale of approximately Rs850 odd 
crores. So normally sales returns should be in this range of, I would say, 15-16% of the 
total gross sales that we did last year, and the returns come in the next year. Normally, it 
would be in that range, maybe one odd percent here and there.  
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
 
Okay, fair enough. And can you share how much have we invested in our digital ventures 
till date? And does Learnflix entail any kind of Capex or is it more of an Opex kind of a 
model?  
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
So the total we’ve spent, including in our VC investments in other companies should be 
about Rs145 crores.  
 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
And specifically, on Learnflix, most of our content is already in house. So in total, I think 
including people and everything we would’ve spent a maximum of Rs4 crores to Rs5 
crores on this. We were working out that at about 30,000-40,000 subscribers we’d 
probably break even and recover our investment.  
 
 
 
 

 14
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
 
We haven’t spent like 100s of crores in marketing budgets like other companies do. We 
are being very conservative. The same team that we already had in house was already 
doing the other businesses. So, incrementally if you ask me, our total budget probably 
was about 2 crores or something. 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
So that’s total. And a part of it was done by the investee company in Hyderabad where 
again we own approx. 40-42% of the company. So not much outside and very little spent. 
It’s time to just capitalize on that.  
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
 
Okay, fair enough. Sir one last bit. Can you help me with the tax rate for FY20 because 
there have been many adjustments because of the change in regime etc. What can be the 
blended tax rate for FY20? 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
My sense is, blended we’d probably end up at about 27-28% for this year.  Going into 
FY21, we should be at about 24-25%.  
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
 
Okay. And what are our targets at debt reduction? I mean, can you share by the end of 
the year what can be the total debt on our books? 
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer: 
 
Net debt, I would say, honestly for me I see it much lower. But I would guide that we 
would be around Rs100-Rs120 crore net debt probably by the end of March.  
 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
 
Okay sir. Thanks a lot.  
 
Operator: 
 
Thank you sir. Participants to ask a question please press * and 1 on your touchtone 
phone. Ladies and gentlemen to ask a question please press * and 1.  
 
 

 15
Management - S Chand & Company: 
 
If there are no further questions, we can close the call.  
 
Operator: 
 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for any closing comments. Sir, over to you. 
 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director: 
 
Again, thanks to all for giving the time and opportunity for us to be here. I’d just like to 
mention that we are on a positive track and we are in line with our sales budgets that we 
have given to the market for 31st March numbers, FY20. And hopefully in the near future, 
the S Chand Group would be a debt free company. And our main focus is operating cash 
flows, free cash flows, making sure our working capital is down, making sure that we 
become a zero net debt company soon. And focusing on that and improving the quality 
of education for every child through print and digital as well. Thank you so much for being 
there and listening to us. Take care, bye.  
 
Operator: 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd. I close 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
