February 17, 2020 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Sandra Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Subject: Financial Results Conference Call Transcript for Q3 & 9M FY20 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Financial Results Conference Call Transcript of 
the Company for Q3 & 9M FY20. 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
r. Lal AathLabs Limited
'· 
Rajat Kalra 
Company Secretary and Legal Head 
Encl: As above 
Regd. Office: Dr. Lal Pathlabs Ltd., Bind< E, Sector-IS. Roh,111, New Delhi- l I0085, 
+91-11-30258600. Fax: +91-1 i-27cJ-2134 
Corporate Office: Dr. Lal Palhlabs ltd., 12th Floor, Tower B, SAS Tower, M>'<li, iry. Sec'"nr-38, Gurugram - ;22 001, Haryana 
+91-124-3016-500, Fax: I 91-124-4234-óô 
E•·mail: lalparh!at•,·õ•laJp.,11,Jahs rnn,, Web: www lalpöu ,;,..t,5 con,, CIN No.: l74ci7'1DL I 995PLC06533E 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 20  
 
Dr. Lal PathLabs 
Q3 & 9M FY20 Results Conference Call 
February 03, 2020 
Call Duration 
 
1 hour 16 minutes 
 
Management Speakers 
 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – Chairman & Managing Director  
 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Whole-time Director and CEO  
 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Bharath Uppiliappan - Chief Executive Officer (India Business) 
 
Mr. Rajat Kalra - Company Secretary & Head of Investor Relations  
 
Participants who asked 
questions 
 
 
Chandramouli from Goldman Sachs 
 
Shaleen Kumar from UBS 
 
Ashish Thakar from MOSL 
 
Abhishek Sharma from IIFL 
 
Chirag Dagli from HDFC AMC 
 
Anmol Ganjoo from JM Financials 
 
Nikhil Mathur from Ambit Capital 
 
Krishna Prasad from Franklin Templeton 
 
Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley 
 
Rakhi Prasad from Alder Capital 
 
Tushar Manudhane from MOSL 
 
Nitin Agarwal from IDFC Securities 
 
Surajit Pal from Prabhudas Lilladher 
 
Sriraam Rathi from ICICI Securities 
 
Keshav Lahoti from Angel Broking 
 
Aditya Sunil Joshi, an Individual Investor 
 
Raghav Mathur, an Individual Investor 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q3 & 9M 
FY20 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q3 & 
9M FY20 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us today are senior members of 
the management team, including Hony. Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal - Chairman and 
Managing Director, Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Whole Time Director and 
CEO and Mr. Ved Prakash Goel - CFO. We also have with us Mr. Bharath - 
CEO, India business and Mr. Rajat Kalra, Company Secretary and Head of 
Investor Relations. 
 
Before we commence the call, I would like to underline that some of the 
statements made on the call today could be forward-looking in nature and 
actual results may vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed 
disclosure in this regard is available in the ‘Results Presentation’, which has 
been circulated to you earlier. 
 
I would now like to request Dr. Arvind Lal to share his perspectives with you. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Good afternoon and thank you to everyone who has joined us on this call 
today. Before I share my views on the performance of the Company and the 
road ahead, I would like to inform you that, as a first step in moving towards, 
the SEBI-directive, even though it has got postponed for another two years of 
splitting the position of Managing Director and Chairman, the Board of 
Directors at the meeting held today, have agreed to appoint Dr. Om Prakash 
Manchanda as the Managing Director of the Company, starting 1st April, 2020. I 
will continue to serve the Company in my role as Executive Chairman of the 
Company. Mr. Bharath U who is our CEO, India business will now take over 
the CEO responsibilities from Dr. Om w.e.f. 1st April 2020. Please join me in 
congratulating both of them as they step into the new and diversified roles from 
the beginning of FY21. 
 
Moving to the performance front, we continue to deliver another quarter of 
strong performance on the back of our well-diversified hub-and-spoke model 
and our undeterred commitment to drive quality in our service industry. These 
two have been the key pillars driving our growth in the last decade.  
 
At the macro level, our country continues to remain underserved in terms of 
high quality, reliable diagnostics services whereas there is an abundance of 
laboratories all over. According to one estimate, there are more than 1 lakh 
diagnostic laboratories in the country. At Dr. Lal PathLabs, we continue to offer 
a high quality and consistent service experience for our customers. Having said 
that, we are also continuously working on further enhancing our quality and 
service delivery for our customers to provide an improved user experience 
every time they visit any of our centers. We continue to provide reliable and 
high quality diagnostic services to our customers at an affordable price while 
also widening our test menu and a geographical presence. Our higher patient 
volumes and sample growth is a testimony to this. As a leading national 
diagnostics services player, we have the benefit of experience, scale, certified 
infrastructure, operational and clinical best practices and an extensive test 
menu. While we aim to strengthen these parameters, we will look at 

 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
intensifying presence of both key geographies where we are strong and play 
places where we are in the ramp up phase.  
 
As the industry matures, we believe that an increasing number of patients shall 
shift to large organized national players like ourselves. Emerging trends like 
greater participation of insurance in healthcare, targeted public sector 
programs to fund healthcare in addition to greater emphasis on wellness and 
preventive procedures, will become more apparent in the coming years. With a 
pan-India footprint and backing of a very capable team, we aim to be at the 
forefront of such trends. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over to Dr. Om to share his thoughts and 
updates on the operational performance. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Thank you, Dr. Lal. I am happy to announce another quarter of good 
performance for Dr. Lal PathLabs.  
 
Our revenue for the quarter came in at Rs. 327.9 crore, an increase of 12.1% 
Y-o-Y basis. For the nine-months ended December 31, 2019, revenue stood at 
Rs.1,028.7 crore, showing an increase of 14% compared to the same period 
last year. We served 4.8 million patients in Q3 of this year, which is an increase 
of 11.3% compared to the previous year’s Q3.  
 
In the nine-months, we served 15 million patients, an increase of 13%. Our 
strategic focus is on building sample volumes. We have been driving this 
through expansion in our network through higher throughput in every PSC and 
lab and through our bundle test initiatives. We have a pan India presence, but 
we continue to strive to expand our reach and especially so in the geographies 
outside of Delhi NCR. A useful metric we track is contribution from rest of India 
business. During Q3, that came in at about 61.2%. 
 
Also pertinent to note is that while we grow across India, we are strictly working 
on initiatives to build productivity, to keep our costs under control. The next leg 
of our growth will undoubtedly come from rest of India, and while that happens, 
it will be our endeavor to maintain our margins while growing from rest of India. 
 
Also pertinent to note is that while North and East continue to be our main 
markets, but we are aggressively building presence in West and South. The 
approach continues to be that of acquiring smaller, local but trustworthy labs in 
order to strengthen reach and capability. The recent five acquisitions by us in 
the West is a step in that direction. 
 
‘Swasthfit’, our bundled package test, continues to be popular with our patients 
and its contribution is now 15% of the total revenue for nine-months ended 
December 31, 2019. Given our sustained push, this segment continues to grow 
very well. Simultaneously, we are increasing our online presence in order to 
better leverage technology and offer greater convenience to the patients. This 
will be a key differentiator along with other factors that will separate us from the 
unorganized space. As a distinguished national brand, we have both 
opportunity as well as the responsibility to enhance the quality of healthcare 
diagnostics in our country. That is our mission, to be accessible widely and 
build relationship of trust with the patient and the larger medical community at 
large. The growth objectives of the company remain aligned with this view. 
 
With that, I conclude my opening comments and would request Ved to give an 
update on the financial performance. 

 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you, Dr. Om, and very good afternoon to everyone present on this call 
today. I will now share with you some of the important financial highlights. 
 
Revenue for Q3 FY20 is at Rs. 327.9 crore as compared to Rs. 292.5 crore in 
the same quarter of last year, a growth of 12.1%. Realization per patient for Q3 
FY20 is slightly higher at Rs. 688 as against Rs. 683 for Q3 FY19. Normalized 
EBITDA after eliminating the impact of stock-based compensation, CSR 
expense and impact of IND AS 116 in Q3 FY20 stood at Rs. 80.1 crore as 
compared to Rs. 70.6 crore reported in Q3 FY19, a growth of 13.5%. PBT for 
Q3 FY20 is at Rs. 73.4 crore as against Rs. 67.9 crore in Q3 FY19, a growth of 
8.1%. PAT for Q3 FY20 is at Rs. 54.9 crore as against Rs. 46.1 crore in Q3 
FY19, a growth of 19.1%. Cash, FDs and investment in mutual fund as at the 
end of Q3 FY20 is at Rs. 775 crore. Basic EPS for Q3 FY20 is Rs. 6.56 per 
share versus Rs. 5.56 per share in the same quarter of last year, a growth of 
18%. 
 
Further, I would like to share that the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, 
PathLabs Unifiers Private Limited has acquired 100% stake of Shree 
Computerised Pathology Lab in Yavatmal and two labs in Sangli, namely 
Modern Diagnostics and Modern Lab. This acquisition would help us further 
strengthen our presence in Maharashtra. 
 
That brings me to the conclusion of my opening remarks and I would now 
request the moderator to open the forum for question-and-answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Chandramouli from Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli: 
My question is just on the growth for this quarter. Revenue growth came in at 
12% and the 9M growth at 14%. So, following these numbers, are we 
comfortable that we will hit our 14-15% revenue growth outlook for the full 
year? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think, this quarter our performance has been certainly below expectations. 
Primarily, we had a very severe winter coming in the month of December which 
impacted our North business. So, the winter months still continue. January also 
has seen the same sort of severity in terms of winter. It is a bit early for us to 
say that we will actually hold on to this number because, nine months of our 
growth has been 14%. So, I would not like to guide with exact figure right now, 
but we will strive to be there somewhere around that figure. But I think it is a 
little early for us because Jan just got over, we have Feb and March which are 
two very important months to go. So, it is very difficult to forecast, but our 
attempt will be still to hover around that figure. 
Chandramouli: 
Second question is on the two acquisitions that you have announced in 
Maharashtra. Is there any additional color that you will be able to provide on 
size and business profile of these two assets? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So we have announced the deal structure and details just now. These two labs 
are small, one has a turnover of about Rs. 1.6 crore and another is having 
about Rs. 1.8 crore. These are one in Sangli and one in Yavatmal which are  
both in Maharashtra. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, I just want to add what Ved just mentioned. Our strategy essentially is to 
widen our footprint state-by-state. So, we have identified certain markets where 
we need to have a market entry. So, obviously, there are either two options, we 

 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
go and open our own lab or maybe acquire existing smaller labs. So, we 
strategically thought these two towns are very important for widening our 
presence in Maharashtra and it is in that direction we have done these deals. 
Chandramouli: 
Last question is on the competitive environment. So, I think three months back, 
we saw some announcements in the press that Reliance Life Sciences is 
looking to enter the diagnostics segment. So just related to this from your 
conversations with industry participants or suppliers, is there anything that you 
are picking up, are there any strategic actions that you are considering in light 
of this news? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Information with us is what you and I have picked up from media. On the 
ground level, we have only picked up one or two-odd markets where their 
teams have reached out to some labs. But beyond that, I do not think we have 
anything concrete to share because there is not much of action we have seen 
on ground right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sriraam Rathi from ICICI 
Bank. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
Firstly, these two acquisitions in the Maharashtra, for instance, West India, we 
are not that strong as of now and we are trying to expand out there. So like 
small-small acquisitions in tier-2, tier-3 towns, what is the thought process 
behind that because to make presence in a meaningful way I think probably 
you will need a bigger acquisition or something like that? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Those efforts will continue. As I mentioned in the earlier calls also that if you 
segment the market, there are three tiers we clearly see, one is of course large 
chains which are only a few, you can count them on fingers, about 4 or 5 of 
them, then there are regional players, which will be about 15 of them based in 
various cities, and then bottom of the pyramid which is a very large number of 
labs. While in the past, attempts actually have been to chase bigger ones, but 
a lot of discussions and very little action was happened. But bottom of the 
pyramid is where we said we will parallelly continue our efforts. So whichever 
comes first is a good thing to do. And our strategy actually has been just 
concentrate on a market and then go after that. So, West region has always 
been our priority because South and West are two areas where our presence 
is weaker, we want to enhance that. But having done these smaller 
acquisitions does not mean we do not want to focus on the big ones as well. 
So, parallel efforts will continue. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
What is the larger concern on big acquisition, is it valuation which is holding us 
back or there is something more to it? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
My sense is that especially some three or four which you and I know are PE-
funded players. So, I guess they have certain timeframes in their mind and the 
moment they come into the market for the process, that time they will open up 
for the deals. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
Revenue growth has been quite steady like around mid-teens from the last two, 
three years what we see. Generally, this business is more of like with the 
revenue growth, some operating leverage does flow through. What we have 
been noticing is that EBITDA margins have also been largely stable. So, where 
are we spending this operating leverage money -- is it more on the marketing 
front or there is something else? 

 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
There are three broad cost lines for us: One is, of course, reagent side. We are 
not seeing much benefit on that side. Then there is the personnel cost. Again, 
we are not seeing much of benefit there. But then there are a lot of the other 
administrative costs which consist of rentals and miscellaneous costs. That is 
one which is helping us to maintain this. I think the big one has been the ratio 
between collection centers and labs because when you open a new lab, it 
really consumes lot of overheads. So we have actually been focusing on 
building franchisee infrastructure because that is very asset light, it does not 
consume much of OPEX, and it is most efficient way of expanding our network. 
So I think this ratio, lab to CC has also been improving with time. Third area is 
that we had invested in rest of India business. As rest of India grows faster, you 
tend to see more economies of scale benefit coming in. I think those are the 
areas that are helping us to maintain our margins. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
So going forward, we should assume mostly that they will kind of remain stable 
to marginal improvement from here on? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So that is a clear attempt because we do recognize that Delhi NCR business 
will be under pressure and we do realize that we have to prepare our 
organization thinking clearly well, the growth is going to come from rest of 
India, we also do realize the rest of India growth is highly spread out, 
consumes a lot of OPEX. So, parallelly while we manage our top line, we also 
have to manage our overhead structure very well. So, so far we have been 
fairly successful; in the last two, three years, we have managed our margins. 
We hope to sustain the same thing going forward as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shaleen Kumar from UBS.  
Shaleen Kumar: 
Dr. Om, I have a question most related to your inorganic strategy. After quite 
some time, we have seen some bunch of acquisitions coming through. If you 
can share how has been your experience with the acquisition in terms of the 
integration and how you are able to leverage that one of the first labs to pass 
through more tests or the sales number, margin improvement, anything like 
that? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, if you see these acquisitions, our clear strategy is we have created a 
holding company, which is PathLabs Unifiers, where all the acquisitions are 
done through that vehicle. And we are actually going market-by-market in 
terms of integration strategy, but our clear theme is to have entry into these 
markets, because these labs are too small, right now, we do not really focus on 
EBITDA as much as what we can do after acquiring. So, it is a footprint which 
we want to build in the region per se. That is the way we are looking at it. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
But in terms of the integration to the wider system, that is what I’m more 
interested into, like it is a plug. So, you must be having now kind of a set of 
strategy or a playbook kind of thing that is how you are rolling up things into the 
overall system and increasing a bit of test offering, etc. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So clearly, we want to really expand the test menu as we acquire. Obviously, 
we want to offer market better services than what this market was getting, 
which includes improving test menu, better logistics and automation etc., all the 
stuff that we do in our own business, we actually bring it to that market. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Any kind of a valuation parameter in case you like to share that you are 
basically following, you do not want to cross certain benchmark while doing 
these inorganic acquisitions or you are looking at certain set of numbers? 

 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
It’s actually very varying. So I do not know. In fact, our average trend has been 
between 2, 2.5 to 3x of revenue, but it depends case-to-case as to how it works 
out. Range has been between 2.5 to 3x of top line. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
So that is where you are comfortable around? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
It depends on the quality of assets, it depends on what the deal structure is. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Anything on the size, like, is there anything also in terms of management’s 
mind like shall not cross that size or that is what they like to acquire in terms of 
one asset, is there any kind of a benchmark over there? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So larger the size, better it is, it is given, because otherwise you have too many 
of these acquisitions, it can create a little bit of operational complexity. So 
fundamental principle is if you have a larger the size, better it is. But we cannot 
keep on endlessly waiting for those larger deals to happen. So we decided to 
actually enter into these markets where we are not present. But golden rule is 
bigger the size, better it is. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
So going forward, as you rightly mentioned, a few of the PE guys may be 
looking to exit and if these diagnostic firms come up on block you may be 
actively participating? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, but it has to be on our terms. We are not going to desperately chase 
these assets. As we have always said that cluster focus is very important. It is 
a difficult way to aggregate the market. We will still keep chasing our smaller 
assets as well. But the bigger ones have to come in the right terms, etc., So we 
do not want to show our desperation, just to chase at any cost. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Is there increased competition or is there like along with your competitor, are 
they also chasing the same manner you have faced while dealing with one or 
two assets or this is pretty much fragmented industry, so you do not compete 
for acquiring any sizable asset? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think there is a rising competition, there is no doubt about that. If you analyze 
four or five players whose numbers are public and if you add it up, I do see a 
trend over a period of four years, or maybe 10, 12, 15-quarters, I do see that 
industry growth rate is a little soft. There was a time when industry growth rate 
was about 14%-odd. I have just looked at last three, four quarters data and 
estimated even this quarter as well. The industry growth has come down to 
close to 10%. If their expectation is around 15%-odd and industry is growing at 
10%, so people are going to chase these assets for acquisitions. So, I do see 
that rising competition even in this inorganic space as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from Angel 
Broking. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
My question is can you please give me revenue growth bifurcation region 
wise? And how has been your realization during this quarter? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So on the region wise, we have in the past given split only for Delhi NCR and 
rest of India. So our rest of India growth has been fairly good; it grew at about 
19.8%. We had a bit of a setback in Delhi NCR. As I mentioned that weather 
was not favorable in the month of December. So, our revenue growth for Delhi 
NCR has been around 2%. 

 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Ved Goel: 
And revenue per patient on a company basis is Rs. 688 for the quarter. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Versus Rs. 683 last year. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Region wise, any impact was there, like any region doing good in realization? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, broadly similar trends are going on, it is a little bit of competitive 
information, we just do not want to reveal the region wise split. But I think 
overall there is no imbalances that exist on the region wise growth that I see. 
But I think the key two splits are Delhi NCR and Rest of India. We had a 
challenging quarter in Delhi NCR this time. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
When you said in the concall, the new competitor which is planning to enter in 
the market. The progress was seen only in one or two markets. Which market 
you are referring to? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
This is something which has come through our informal channels. So I just 
want to be doubly sure before I share that which market it is. But it is a market 
which is probably even unlike of that. So that is why I am taking it with a bit of 
pinch of salt. So, I would like to say that I have not seen much of ground level 
action on that competition. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Can you please throw some color how is the Kolkata lab progressing, how are 
the samples moving, the increase in volume size? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
The Kolkata lab continues to do really well, the volume growth is healthy, so, is 
the value growth. So, I think it is making good progress. And we continue to tag 
about 19 labs which are feeding into the Kolkata Reference Lab apart from 
serving city of Kolkata itself. It is a very good progress and we are happy with 
the movement there. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
In fact this rest of India growth of 19.8% is reflective of East India as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Thakar from Motilal 
Oswal Asset Management. 
Ashish Thakar: 
Anything on Corona virus, have you seen any inquiries? Or are people really 
coming upfront?  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
No, we have not seen any inquiry on this. And by the way, this is a public 
health issue. Whatever happens will be based on the guidance from 
Government authorities. So, we are actually not expected to do anything on 
this front. 
Ashish Thakar: 
So even if a patient comes, then we would not have anything ready for him? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
We will refer him to the Government authorities. 
Ashish Thakar: 
The hospital players like Apollo, Max and Aster DM, they are getting into the 
retail pathology. So, would like to have some color on this from your side? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, definitely, Max has been very active in Delhi NCR, while Apollo is not that 
much in northern part of India, but I am told that they are very active in south 
especially. They are following the same business model of hub-and-spoke, 
their hub happens to be hospital labs and spokes are these collection points. 

 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
My feedback from the system has been that their own business which is the 
patient base within the hospital is what they are right now catering to. But, 
clearly, at a smaller scale they may not have an issue, but we do believe that 
once the scale picks up, they may have a conflict in the hospital pricing versus 
retail pricing, because retail pricing is much lower than what they charge inside 
the hospital. So they will have to think it through. As we talk informally to their 
people, so they do realize that, that challenge exists. But so far I think these 
two hospital chains have come into the retail pathology. I also heard that Aster 
DM also has announced entry into retail pathology. Because hospital 
businesses are generally under pressure, so they are all looking at ways and 
means of improving their bottom line. So that is why they are looking at retail 
pathology as one of the ways to diversify. 
Ashish Thakar: 
In your earlier comments, you had mentioned that 10% is the kind of industry 
growth you are looking at. So given this fact and the fact that we are having a 
huge scale here, can one model 13-15% volume growth for business of Dr. 
Lal? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Sorry, 10% industry growth is not what I am looking at. I just said that if I add 
up all the four, five players data together, that is a trend I have seen in the last 
sort of the three, four quarters. I am not sure that is a likely trend going forward. 
So I just stated the fact based on the data I have. 
Ashish Thakar: 
But then, in that sense, how would you assess the patient volume growth given 
the kind of data points that we have available right now? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
The important thing for a company like us, we have to widen our geographical 
footprint. So that is very clear. As a Company, we are good at driving business 
organically because that is what we have done in the past 15 - 20 years. So, 
for us, right now while we focus on North and East, we have to widen our 
footprint in South and West, because we know that some of these good brands 
if we are able to actually partner with, we should be able to drive consumer 
way of building the business and leverage whatever brand equity these brands 
may have. So, that is the thesis that we have for our growth going forward. At 
the same time, we also continue to look at segments of business, preventive 
health checkup is one of them, then we have also launched high-end business. 
I do not know, whether we mentioned last quarter or not, we have launched 
something called “Genevolve” a new brand for our genetics business. And that 
was launched about a few months back. It is very early for us to talk about this, 
but from a future perspective, it is a very important step in the right direction.  
 
So, we will continue to segment our business and see that how we drive 
various segments. And that will be our basis for driving growth. At a very macro 
level, we believe in healthcare. Diagnostics will continue to grow because there 
are many opportunities, not only to diagnose, but also monitor the progress of 
a disease, also therapeutics to decide the line of treatment, in every which way 
diagnostics is going to play a big role. So I think as far as that is concerned, all 
factors are contributing to exciting opportunity going forward for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dr. Abhishek Sharma of IIFL. 
Dr. Abhishek Sharma: 
In your earlier response to one of the questions, you had said that Delhi NCR 
will continue to be under pressure. I just wanted some more color on it. What is 
driving this pressure, is it competitive intensity, is the market becoming 
saturated in terms of volumes, and how is it manifesting? Are you not getting 
your desired volumes or is there a pressure on price as well? 

 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think pressure, word I use in relative terms, because we believe our rest of 
India will grow faster than Delhi NCR. I think the primary reason for that has 
been our base is very high; nearly close to Rs. 500-odd crore businesses that 
comes from Delhi NCR from very small cluster. You cannot expect this market 
to deliver 15%-odd growth that we are actually getting from rest of India. So 
rest of India market is huge. So, in that sense, I was saying that expecting 
Delhi NCR to drive growth for a Company level is not a fair thing. So, we want 
to drive rest of India to manage our growth going forward. And primary reason 
for that is basically the base is very high, close to Rs. 500-odd crore, which is 
close to 40% of our business comes from Delhi NCR. 
Dr. Abhishek Sharma: 
But given the fact that you are the dominant player in Delhi NCR, I presume 
that the market itself will not be growing or is it that you would still have the 
market leading growth in Delhi NCR, Is that presumption correct or? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Abhishek, you must see that this is a highly fragmented, supply side 
constraints are less, and in a big city like Delhi NCR, a lot of traffic is also 
moving into hospital base. So, there are a lot of these things that are also 
happening. So I would actually say that market growth rate in Delhi NCR 
should be in line with the market growth. So while 2% for last quarter has been 
an aberration because of weather, I think our average growth rate has been 
around 7% - 8%. Last quarter we grew at around 8%. So, I think I would like to 
say that we should strive to achieve a market growth rate in Delhi NCR. At 
overall India level, if the market is growing at 10%, my sense is a market like 
Delhi NCR may not be growing at that percentage because we have already 
pushed very high level of growth in the last eight to nine years or so. So if it 
grows more than that, it is most welcome. But I cannot base my business plan 
based on that. I have to make sure that my rest of India opportunity falls in 
place because that is a much larger of course market than Delhi NCR alone. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
The 7% to 8% growth that you believe which Delhi can grow. This would be 
entirely volume or is there a price component to it? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
It is a combination of both, but it would not be strictly price increase, but it could 
be a mix change also because we believe that some of these health check-ups 
tend to happen more in Delhi NCR. That may give you higher realization per 
patient which not necessarily maybe through higher price but maybe number of 
tests per patient being higher. Yes, that is primarily volume, I would say, yes, 
not just patient alone, but even number of tests per patient also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sunil Joshi, an 
individual investor. 
Aditya Sunil Joshi: 
So, I just wanted to understand what is the market share that organized sector 
has got around from the unorganized sector in like past nine months, and of 
that gain, what has been the gain by our Company? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Actually there is no published data or market tracker which is available as you 
see in FMCG or in pharma space. So, many of these numbers that I will share 
with you are fair estimates that we have. So, if I look at data for all the top-four 
companies where numbers are in public domain, they are doing roughly about 
Rs. 1,000 crore to Rs. 1,100-odd crore per quarter. So let us say, if I annualize, 
it close to Rs. 4,500 crore is the total market in the hands of big four players. 
Rs. 30,000-odd crore is the size of pathology market. And so if I just look at 
this, 15% of the market is in the hands of organized players. And this does not 
include a lot of these city-based, regional chains, etc. My sense is the 
organized players control about 15-20% of the total market. Everything else is 

 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
unorganized, a lot of these small, small players that we have been talking 
about. And that is the way it stacks up. 
Aditya Sunil Joshi: 
Second thing is like in your ‘Investor Presentation’, you have mentioned that 
you are trying to decrease the turnaround time. Can you mention how are you 
planning to approach that? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
We are able to manage turnaround time reductions through a lot of automation, 
bringing visibility in the entire transportation cycle and pre-planning a lot of 
stuff. So it is all about equipment and the digital initiatives behind it which is 
leading to turnaround times getting better. 
Aditya Sunil Joshi: 
Regarding our cluster-based approach, if I understand correctly, the number of 
tests that we have to conduct at the upper level like the number of tests that we 
have to conduct at reference labs, I am guessing, fewer, but they will be more 
expensive, that is why we have just fewer reference labs than the clinic labs. 
So considering that, what is the percentage of tests that are served at each 
level like there are two reference labs, 200 clinical labs, 2.5K patients service 
centers and around 6,500 collection points? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
We do not do any testing in our collection centers; they are only sample 
collection points. Satellite lab as we call it will do about nearly 400-odd tests. 
And our test menu in total is more than 4,500 including many panels. So, rest 
of the tests are conducted at our reference labs. The most commonly ones 
which are most popular are done in the satellite labs, all the others ones are 
done in the reference lab. That is not only expensive, but I think skill level is 
also more important to report out those tests. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from HDFC Asset 
Management. 
Chirag Dagli: 
You talked about these bundled tests which is right now 15% of revenue. 
Where was this number two years back and is this largely NCR or which other 
regions are you seeing this come from? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
We sell this bundled test pan-India, but it is not only restricted to Delhi NCR, 
but all over India, we sell through our B2C channels. We actually began this 
program two years back effectively. So, over a period of time, we have 
broadened this momentum to be nearly about 15% of our revenues. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Do you see this number increase meaningfully from here on? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
Our effort is to provide value-added services to our patients. Yes, we would like 
this to increase, but we also want rest of our portfolio also to increase. 
Chirag Dagli: 
On a per sample basis, our pricing has been coming down for the last 10-odd 
quarters. What is happening over there, is there a mix element to this, if you 
can share any thoughts there? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
So the realization per patient over the last two quarters have stabilized, 
however, over a period of time, what you are referring to has been a lot about 
mix changes between Delhi NCR and rest of India, also between the various 
channels we have been in walk-ins and the way we connect our business. So, 
it has lot to do with mix rather than any real price drop per se. There have been 
some price adjustments here and there on smaller tests, but on overall basis, 
because of the mix changes. 

 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Chirag Dagli: 
Has this become stable now? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
Yes, last two quarters have been stable. 
Chirag Dagli: 
There is an element of the market which is serviced by hospitals today. Is there 
a part of that market that labs at least organized ones like yourself can address 
or do you think this 37%, which is currently with the hospitals will stay with 
them, probably increase? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Actually, directionally, one is seeing that hospital ROCEs are very poor. They 
always look at pathology as one business which they want to do it themselves. 
So naturally there is no tendency to outsource or give it to the outside players. 
In fact, if at all there is a pressure to actually in-source it. And we have seen 
many large hospitals widening their test menu and reduce dependence on 
private independent labs. So, I think that is a natural way of operation for them. 
And best case scenario would be they want to give hospitals to be managed by 
us, but they want to keep all the margins with them. So it is a very challenging 
business from that perspective. So, I do not think people like us should really 
eye hospital business in a big way, it is more a tactical way of growing the 
business, but opportunity wise I think the best is to operate in a private 
independent lab business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anmol Ganjoo from JM 
Financials. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
I just trying to understand, what led to the marginal softness in Delhi for the 
quarter, adverse weather, stronger winter, which part of the business does it 
actually impact, any color on that? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think if I have to pick one single big factor for this disturbed number is 
weather. But there are of course general environment per se and overall 
situation. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
So would it be a fair extrapolation that 2% would also have the market growth 
for the quarter? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Market growth for the Delhi NCR business?  
Anmol Ganjoo: 
Yes.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I really would not have any data point to substantiate this because we are the 
leaders here. So, if we are reflective of the market growth, so be it. But 
otherwise, I do not see anybody else in this market. SRL is another player, but 
they do not give region wise. So, it will be very difficult for me to say what the 
market growth is. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
My second question is that you rightly identify other engines of growth beyond 
Delhi NCR for the next level. But when you budget growth going forward, are 
you working with the stable market share in Delhi NCR as a consequence of 
some of these other factors that you alluded to, you are building either 
flattening or a decline in the market share? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
No, as the quarter goes by, we are actually having a rolling growth. So, we 
tend to factor that in. But, our intent is of course to grow much higher than what 
it is. But I do not want to put myself into a situation when I budget a higher 
growth rate and not achieve that in Delhi NCR by knowing fully well that rest of 

 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
India market is very large, and there are lots of white spaces, and we are at an 
early stage of growth curve in many markets like Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha or 
even in UP. We want to make sure that we continue to put efforts there. And if 
we get a better growth in Delhi NCR, that is a bonus to us. But as far as the 
planning is concerned, we tend to plan a little conservative here and more 
aggressive in the rest of India. 
Anmol Ganjoo:  
Just trying to understand the market structures. So, would it be a fair 
assessment of your stance that places where you are the disruptor, you are 
finding it easier to garner growth as opposed to the home market where you 
are the incumbent and therefore whatever that number of 20%, 22% market 
share is, that is some kind of a ceiling beyond which even well-known players 
like? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I have understood your question. I think if I were to put it in the management 
jargon, this industry at a cluster level tends to follow a S-shape curve. So it 
takes quite a bit of time before we actually move into a trajectory of vertical 
growth. You go through that phase and then there comes a time when you start 
plateauing. So you have to find next trigger of growth after that. So it is much 
easier to grow in home markets till a point when you will find a next trigger for 
the growth. It is much easier organically to grow in contiguous markets. So it is 
very challenging to grow in the non-core markets than home markets. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
You spoke about your deals happening only if they happen at your own terms. 
Could you just define any kind of framework that you are working with in terms 
of EBITDA multiple, payback period, what would those terms be which would fit 
your financial framework? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
No, I think the first is more than the financial numbers, we tend to study what is 
the profile of the business, whether it is more B2C or B2B because our 
radiology versus pathology split, and also whatever capital structure, which is 
being proposed on the table. So all that put together, we will decide this one. 
But since we have not had any large deal for me to share with you, but the 
smaller ones as I mentioned that we are basically operating within the revenue 
multiple of about 2, 2.5 or maybe max 3x. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
And that could change if you were to find a bigger asset, right? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, because in some of the smaller assets overnight you would bring a lot of 
governance issues and cost structure just goes up. So, you may not have a 
relevant EBITDA multiple in place, but at least you have a revenue multiple in 
place. While for bigger assets, you may look at even other metrics in addition 
to revenue and EBITDA as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Mathur from Ambit 
Capital. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So my first question is on employee expenses. Now the nine months trend 
indicates, that they will continue to grow disproportionately higher versus the 
sales. So, can you call out a couple of reasons why this trend continues to 
persist? 
 

 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think one big factor for this has been the provident fund because now it has 
been computed on the total cost, so that actually has led to this, I think 
primarily, this is the single biggest reason for this. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Sorry to questioning again on the Delhi aberration that you have recorded this 
quarter. I did not fully understand that what was the climate impact in this 
quarter, why harsh weather has impacted your volumes in the Delhi region this 
quarter? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
The winter in Delhi for those people who do not live in Delhi, it was 
unprecedented. We have never had in the last few years minimum 
temperatures hovering around 2-3 degree Celsius for days together. Even 
today in Delhi, the minimum temperature in the morning was 8 degrees. So, 
this is not something, which is normal. People do not want to get out of the 
house. And sometimes the fog also really gets in, it is very depressing. So, the 
patient who would be wanting to come to you in bright sunshine, etc., would 
much rather stay in bed at home. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think this is one of the big factors, could be others as well. So I think it just 
stands out that weather in December was particularly very cold because it has 
been the coldest December in last 100 years I believe, so that is how Delhi was 
in December. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So is there an element of discussion on your mix profile in Delhi, wherein if 
there are certain externalities, people can postpone or altogether not go for the 
tests that they usually would go for? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So, normally some of these NCDs they tend to drop out because these are not 
tests which are like so urgent. You can skip some of these tests, let us say, if I 
want to go for my sugar tests or my thyroid, all preventive and wellness kind of 
test by postponing it or not doing it is also not going to be that problematic. 
Unlike let us say, if you are having fever or admitted in the hospital, those are 
of course you cannot avoid it. But people tend to skip some of these tests. So, 
we have seen that trend in the past, but I think it is a little unusual this time. 
And I am not attributing entire fall of this business 2% only to weather. As I 
mentioned, our base is also very high. And it is very, very difficult to grow 
volumes in a very compact market. So, all factors put together, we had a 
difficult sort of Delhi NCR this year. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
And a bit larger picture question here. So, is there an element of discussion in 
the overall, on a pan India basis on the test volumes given the economic 
slowdown? So do you think that people are postponing their preventive and 
wellness test and that is kind of dragging the growth at the overall level? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
See my reading on overall sentiment is being weaker. It actually starts with 
people whether they go to doctor or not. Because ultimately diagnostic is 
definitely a fallout of a prescription, right? And even with prescription also how 
this entire interaction between patient and doctor goes, whether they write 
medicine, they write this whole thing, but that is at a very macro level. So, I am 
not sure whether one can actually start saying within one or two months to see 
these trends. But I think those kinds of trends we will have to see it over a 
longer period of time. I do not think I will jump to such conclusions only on one 
quarter number or two quarters number. But yes, there are tests discretionary 
in nature let us say preventive is one of them definitely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna Prasad from Franklin 
Templeton. 

 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Krishna Prasad: 
So you have done some smaller acquisitions in the West, particularly in 
Maharashtra. We have not seen much happen in the South. Any sense on that, 
what are you thinking about expanding in the South market? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So efforts are on in all markets, but I think as I mentioned spreading out is not 
a great idea, we just want to focus on one cluster, so West is what we want to 
really focus in the short term. But medium to long-term, all markets we will 
focus because there is no point in doing one small acquisition in Andhra, 
another one in Tamil Nadu and third one in Kerala or something. But here at 
least we are able to put it altogether. So, West is one focus we are going after 
in the short-term. 
Krishna Prasad: 
So you think West is the next East kind of a thing? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, hopefully. 
Krishna Prasad: 
I probably missed your comment. You said Delhi grew by 2% for the quarter. Is 
that correct? And the rest of Delhi NCR grew at what percentage? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Rest of India which includes some international business also, but that grew at 
about 19.8%, we call it rest of India, but by the way a small amount of the 
international business also comes in, but it is not a very material number. 
Krishna Prasad: 
What was Delhi NCR growth in FY19? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Around 8%-odd is the number for last quarter of FY19. So I think more than the 
last year, I would say what has been the recent trend is what one should see. 
Krishna Prasad: 
And you think 8% is broadly what you are working towards? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Actually, I would like to stabilize at that figure, because if I take higher figures, 
when I make more margin in Delhi NCR, that may actually land me in a 
different kind of figure. So, in my business planning, I am factoring in around 
that number. 
Krishna Prasad: 
On the staff cost increase that you have been witnessing, you attributed that 
some PF increase. When does that get into the base, what is the core staff 
cost increase that you are witnessing? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
That is in line with top line growth. 
Krishna Prasad: 
And that should start reflecting from FY21? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala of Morgan 
Stanley. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Is there any price increase that you are contemplating over the next 12-
months? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Not really. 

 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
It has been quite some time and the cost inflation is there. So you still do not 
think the market pressures allow you to take even that much of a price 
increase? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think as a part of our strategy  we are still going to focus on volume growth. 
We did take a price increase in Delhi NCR if you recall, in July last year. That is 
why I just mentioned that 2% growth of Delhi NCR, I just want to analyze a little 
bit, is it entirely due to weather or it also could be some of these other 
variables. So, we just want to take a little time before we come to a conclusion. 
So, I do not want to think of the price part right now. Yes, short answer is 
competitive pressures are definitely high. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
One macro question. What would take India’s diagnostics industry growth to 
15%, 20%, 25% because I understand that it should typically be 1.5, 2x 
nominal GDP growth, we have been struggling. So, looking out a few years 
what will make this happen and when do you expect this inflection to happen? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
It is very difficult question to answer. All I can say is that I do not want to 
comment on numbers per se, but I think in general, directionally, diagnostics 
should grow definitely higher than overall healthcare market. I think that clarity 
does exist in my mind that diagnostics will play a bigger role in healthcare 
because it is not only just diagnostics, but also on progression of disease, also 
on line of treatment and also newer and newer tests would come. So, I think 
practice of medicine is becoming much more evidence-based. So diagnosis is 
going to play a very crucial role going forward. So that augers very well that 
diagnostics should grow faster than overall healthcare. I think overall health 
care whether it is pharma, whether it is healthcare hospital space, etc., those 
macro factors, I think for all of us to put a number to that. So, my aim would be 
that as a Company we should definitely grow faster than market growth. If you 
look at last three to four quarters, industry growth in pathology, if I add just four 
players together, it has been around 10%. So I think internally I should target 
that we grow faster than the overall market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakhi Prasad from Alder 
Capital. 
Rakhi Prasad: 
I wanted to understand a little bit on the initiatives you are taking for front end 
tech. So, you launched an app earlier to help with home collections and also an 
app for consumers to monitor their diagnostic tests that they have done with 
Dr. Lal. So how has that grown or how has that developed over the last couple 
of years? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
So, our app has seen a significant movement in terms of both downloads as 
well as usage. The numbers are up about 60%-odd percent on the app side. 
We are also encouraging people to use digital assets far more. We have 
recently scaled up our digital store presence in Delhi NCR and even in other 
parts of India where we are moving towards an assisted registration process. 
We have also introduced a machine learning-based program which enables to 
predict when will your report come. So, lot of efforts have happened in the area 
of improving our service on the front end. We also significantly invested in our 
logistics visibility program, and this is helping us drive better customer service 
on the front end. We have also revamped our call center operations and that is 
also yielding us some good results. We have recently introduced customer 
satisfaction metrics, measuring it on a daily basis and taking corrective actions 
on those. So a lot of stuff has happened on the front end to improve our 
customer service and some early results are encouraging. 

 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Rakhi Prasad: 
Could you quantify a little bit in terms of what is online sales contribution to 
total revenue or the number of downloads that have happened and trended? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
So downloads and active user base is about 2.5 lakhs people who have got our 
app, and a significant portion of it, access the cumulative reports because that 
is a feature we give on the app saying that you can look at your past historical 
trends of all the reports you have done with us. So, that is a feature which 
people use a lot apart from looking for home collections or looking for a center 
which is nearby. So online business is a number which we look at slightly 
differently, because there are various components of fully paid vis-à-vis lead 
generated and so on. So that is a number which I am not carrying off hand, but 
we can discuss it in a separate session if you would like. 
Rakhi Prasad: 
And any color around the repeat of customers who are coming in, who is using 
the app for the tests? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: 
We have begun to do this process of doing on the app as well as even 
otherwise through a combination of phone number and the first name, second 
name combination. So, there is a program which we have just begun but it is 
too early to comment on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from 
Motilal Oswal Securities. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So just on this bundled tests, ‘Swasthfit’, if you can just highlight on year-on-
year growth in number of samples or let us say volume growth? 
Bharath Uppiliappan : 
Realization has not significantly moved. So, our value growth is reflective of our 
volume growth which is close to (+30%). 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And so any outlook on the realization per se going forward in this particular 
segment? 
Bharath Uppiliappan : 
We would like to say that there is going to be no up or down on this, we will 
have to maintain and sustain the realization. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from IDFC 
Securities.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
You have talked about the fact that franchisee is becoming an incrementally 
more important part of our growth strategy. How prone do you think is this 
channel to disruption, I mean, in a sense in line with the media reports, are you 
discussing some of the prospective competitors, if they come around and they 
meaningfully increase the channel margins, in your assessment, what makes a 
franchise stick with a particular network versus other, so how disruptive pricing 
strategy, margin strategy could be? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think it is a good question. My view here is not that simple as it sounds 
because it is like people buy brands. So, lot of people in the past have tried 
this, but it does not work. In healthcare, you need to trust a brand. Dr. Lal 
PathLabs report is what one is looking for. So, it is not easy, obviously, some 
2%-odd, 3%-odd here and there people will move. But overall it is less prone to 
disruption as one would tend to think. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly, despite over the last few quarters, our rest of India business growing 
much faster than Delhi, we have continued to maintain our margins at a 

 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
reasonably steady keel. So, is there no difference in profitability level between 
the two businesses, I mean, intuitively one would think that the mix should 
have had approval there? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Yes, that is what I keep asking our finance guys as well. But I think you are 
right, there is a difference between margin profile in Delhi NCR and Rest of 
India. Obviously, Delhi NCR margins are higher than rest of India. So that is 
where we have to actually be very judicious in terms of our infra expansion and 
the cost of doing business in these markets. So, I would leave at that unless, 
Ved do you want to add something to this? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
I think rest of India, you are right, the margin as compared to Delhi NCR is 
lower. But directionally if you see as the volume is picking up in rest of India, 
the leverage or optimization is coming to us and that is how we are maintaining 
and plus we are doing a lot of stuff in terms of leveraging or optimizing our 
existing overheads as one metrics, Dr. Om was telling the ratio between 
collection center versus lab is also increasing and that is how we are 
leveraging more and more franchisee network rather than opening our own 
labs. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
And we have also pushed rental costs very hard, because overall softness in 
the economy and real estate is under pressure. So, we have gone back to lot 
of these guys to relook at rental, and we have managed rental side also very 
well. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
That clearly shows up in the way that your fixed costs have already grown in a 
fairly-fairly controlled way over the last couple of years. Whatever that is really 
there, is there, in your mind a topline growth beyond which cost increases start 
to sort of become a challenge, I mean, is there like a threshold point or a cutoff 
point where beyond which revenue growth has to be there in the system, sort 
of begin to fall below that, maintaining profitability starts to become a 
challenge? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
So we have not done this math of late, but I think earlier we used to do when 
our cost curve was moving very sharply. But realizing that there is softness in 
our topline, so we actually recalibrated our cost structure. So I do not have off 
hand a number, but we will just go back and do this math and see what is that 
threshold where deleverage would fit in. So, we are right now managing it well. 
But we will go back and do this math and see at what point deleverage come 
in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav Mathur, Individual 
Investor. 
Raghav Mathur: 
Just wanted to know about what is your B2B and B2C ratio, and how is your 
revenue there? And if you have growth numbers for each of them, how is your 
B2B numbers growing, and how is your B2C numbers growing? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think it is uniformly spread across all the segments. There is hardly any 
difference I find in B2B and B2C spreads growth-wise, it is very similar in both 
the segments. So B2C contributes about 60%-odd of our revenue and B2B is 
40%. 
Raghav Mathur: 
The decline that we have seen in the Delhi region, is it also spread across B2B 
or B2C? 

 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
It is all across. Weather has hit all the segments, it is not just in Delhi. 
Raghav Mathur: 
My second question was related to your inorganic expansion. So are you 
looking at other markets as well for the rest of the year, what are the other 
places or is it only in South and West? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I think primarily South and West is half of the country. So I just want to focus on 
that as well right now, because in Northern Eastern market, we are very-very 
opportunistic, but that in any case our organic engine is working well. So I just 
want to make sure that South and West we do something. 
Raghav Mathur: 
And if you can also give us some color on why other expenses have 
increased? I can see the number has increased. Is there any specific area 
where the costs have increased? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
In my sense, other expenses are all lab off expenses where there is house-
keeping, there is electricity repairs, maintenance and security. Because we 
have this infrastructure of 200-plus labs, and all those costs in relation to 
maintenance of this infrastructure which goes into other overheads. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surajit Pal from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. 
Surajit Pal: 
I have just two questions. As you were saying, winter was severe and that has 
impacted your growth, not only Q3, also in Jan. There could be other factors 
which could also impact your growth in Delhi NCR area in last 1, 1.5-months 
something like muted dengue or economic slowdown or political instability in 
northern markets. Do you think these are the also factors could impact your 
Q4? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
I want to clarify this. We are not attributing this entire growth of Delhi NCR fall 
to weather. I do not want all of you to carry this impression that weather is the 
only one which has contributed to this. But that is the single biggest factor that 
stands out. That is why we are talking about this. But you are probably right, 
there could be other macro factors which are very difficult for us to quantify at 
this stage. So, I would say weather plus some other factors. We will have to 
see this quarter as to how it pans out. Weather has definitely got extended into 
January as well. So I do not want to base my comments based on what we are 
seeing in January, but I think we will have to wait and watch for Feb and March 
and come back in the next quarter meeting to throw some light on the trends 
that we are seeing. But having said that, as I have been repeatedly saying that 
I do not want to over-depend too much on Delhi NCR growth, because 
realizing fully well that the space is very high, almost Rs. 500-odd crore and 
last recent trends, our growth rates have been in the range of about 7% - 8%. If 
I can hold on to this number of 7% - 8%, that will be great. But since this has 
fallen even below 7% - 8%, that is why we are talking quite a bit about this. 
Hopefully, we should bounce back in this quarter, but it is a little early for us to 
comment on this. But in short, I do not want to attribute this 2% of Delhi NCR 
growth only on weather. There could be definitely as you rightly said the other 
factors as well. But we will have to probably analyze and come back to you in 
the next quarter as we see the results. 
Surajit Pal: 
So you also mean that dengue was pretty muted in Q3 this time? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
Dengue comes only in one or two months. So I do not think that comes in the 
winter months. It is actually more in October time. So it is probably same trend. 
So it is nothing to talk about. 

 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Dengue has a habit of leaving one territory and going to the next territory. That 
also keeps happening. So from eastwards, it keeps going sideways, maybe 
from center to east, east to north. So, it is not fixed in one territory.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
And I think as a business, we do not want to depend on the spikes that 
happened due to these vector-borne diseases. And in any case, any such 
spike is maybe this can contribute only 0.5% or 1% of growth. So I think we do 
not want to depend on these numbers that happen just once in a while. 
Surajit Pal: 
In the light of your acquisition and focus acquisition in Western part particularly 
in Maharashtra, I just recall, you had a plan to expand after Eastern part is 
done, and you had also planned to put up another regional reference lab in 
Lucknow. Where are we currently in that direction or we have changed that 
direction to western part growth? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 
You rightly pointed out, yes, there was a plan to put a central lab in Lucknow. 
There is a rethink on that strategy. We are now moving towards MP, 
Chhattisgarh and this Maharashtra side. And our focus now is not to put a very 
large central lab in one place rather than go for smaller clusters and find out 
smaller hubs. So that is the way we’re looking at it. So this Lucknow plan has 
gone on backburner. 
Moderator: 
I would like to hand the floor back to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you, everyone for being with us on this call today. Look forward to the 
next call in May 2020.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Dr. Lal PathLabs, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
