February 20, 2020 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai -400 001 
Scrip Code: 531595 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai -400 051 
Scrip Code: CGCL 
CAPRI GLOBAL ◄ .. 
CAPITAL LIMITED 
... 
Unlockin, ials, Empowuinf  
Sub: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of the SEBI (Listing 
Obllgations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015 -Analyst Meet 
Dear Sir and Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of 3QFY20 Earnings 
Conference Call for your kind reference. 
The same is also uploaded on the Company's website at www.capriglobal.in. 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for Capri Global Capital Limited 
Abhi*+ Kanoi 
Vice President & Group Company Secretary 
Capri Global Capital Limited 
(CIN: L65921MH1994PLC173469) 
Regd Off: 502, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai -400 013. 
Tel: +91 22 4088 8100/4354 8200; E-mail: contact@capriglobal.in; Website: www.capriglobal.in

Page 1 
 
Transcript - Capri Global 3QFY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Transcript 
 
Capri Global 3QFY20 Earnings Conference Call  
 
Event Date / Time 
 
: 13th February 2020, 16:00 Hrs IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 00 hr 24 min 06 sec 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Pavitra: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen.  I am Pavitra, 
moderator for the conference call.  Welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited 3QFY20 
Earnings Conference Call.  At this moment all participants are in listen only mode.  Later 
we will conduct a question and answer session.  At that time if you have a question 
please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Please note this conference is 
recorded.  I would now like to handover the floor to Mr Rajat Gupta of Go India Advisors.  
Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yeah, thank you Pavitra.  Good afternoon everyone and 
welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited Earnings Call to discuss Q3 and 9M FY20 
results.  We have on the call Mr Rajesh Sharma (Managing Director), Mr Ashish Gupta, 
(Chief Financial Officer) and Mr Hardik Shah (Vice President Corporate Strategy) with 
us.  We must remind you that the discussion on this call may include certain forward 
looking statement and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the 
company faces.  May I now request Mr Rajesh Sharma to take us through the 
company’s business outlook and financial outlook subsequent to which we will open the 
floor for Q&A.  Thank you and over to you Sir. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Rajat.  Ladies and gentlemen, a warm welcome 
and thank you for joining us on the today’s earnings call.  I hope you have seen the 
earnings presentation, which has been uploaded on the Exchange and on the 
company’s website.  The overall operating environment remained bleak as the economy 
continued to struggle.  While the government and the Reserve Bank of India has taken 
multiple measures to boost economic growth, the sentiments are still weak and recovery 
is expected to be long and little slow.  The NBFC sector which started the stress in the 
Indian economy continue to struggle with the liquidity and asset quality concern.  
Consequently, we have taken a cautious approach for our business in the last six 
months and we focused on profitability and improving our margins and maintaining the 
quality of our books.  We have rationalized our branch network and substantially 
reduced our cost to income ratio to 39% as compared to 49% last year.  We are 
primarily funded by leading Indian banks and that constitute to over 90% of borrowing 
mix.  During the last nine months we have built and maintained a strong liquidity position 
and have undrawn credit lines of almost INR 450 crores, the highest ever in the history 
of Capri Global.  We have also got one of the highest capital adequacy at 38.4%.  It is 
result of our stringent cost control and strong risk management framework that we have 
reported the highest ever profit after tax at INR 49.6 crore in Q3FY20, a growth of about 
41% year on year.  Our net interest margin has also improved to almost 10% and our net 
interest income in Q3 was 16% higher as compared to last year.  During the nine-month 
period we disbursed ~ INR 800 crore taking our AUM to INR 3945 crore.  MSME lending 
continues to be the key focus area and constitute over 50% of the book.  Our gross NPA 

Page 2 
 
Transcript - Capri Global 3QFY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
is about 2.8% and net NPA is about 1.52% at the end of Q3 FY20.  We maintain a 
strong portfolio yield across all our business verticals.  We have maintained the credit 
rating of A+ CARE Ratings and AA- of Brickworks amid peer downgrades especially for 
construction finance lenders.  I will now briefly touch upon the sector outlook and how 
we are positioned in the current scenario.  We have strengthened our system and 
process in the challenging environment and have worked towards creating a leaner and 
agile organization.  At the same time, we are well positioned to immediately benefit from 
a rebound.  We will however be on the side of the caution, we will be stringent in our 
disbursements.  Accordingly, we have rationalized our long-term guidance for FY25 and 
we would like to to build a book of INR 20,000 crore with MSME and affordable housing 
being our key focus area.  With this I would now like to open the floor for questions. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have a question please press star and one on your 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.  If you would like to 
withdraw your request you may do so by pressing star and one again.  We have first 
question from Parthiv Jhonsa from NVS Brokerage.  Please go ahead. 
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Hi  Sir, my first question is can you just give the cost of funds 
from bank borrowings and for NCDs? 
  
Rajesh Sharma: 
You know, average cost of fund of entire borrowing mix is in 
the range of about 10.5%.  NCD is also in the same range of about 10.25% and We 
have no borrowing of short term and NCDs is also for 10 years. Bank borrowings is in 
the range of 5 to 8 years.  So, looking at the tenure of the bank borrowing this price is 
very attractive. 
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Okay, my second question is the gross and the net NPA for 
the quarter have increased majorly, especially do you know due to certain segments, so 
just can you throw some light on it? Especially because of the housing finance sector, 
just can you throw some light or can you just elaborate the same? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, while the NPA has gone up, but still it remained in the 
overall range of less than 3% at a company level and in the housing finance at less than 
2%.   
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
So, are you confident of closing, are you confident closing 
the year around this level or it will improve sir from here? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Our target is to not let this go beyond this level.  I would like 
to point out that in the segment we operate MSME average yield is about 16% and home 
loan we have average yield is about 13.5%.  In this range of customer, this kind of NPA 
levels are expected where new NPAs keep coming and old NPAs keep resolving.  So we 
don’t see recovery will be a problem as all the loans are collateralized, well secured, it 
may be good margin where LTVs are lower.  So NPA while it is a classification of 
accounting, but it does not indicate significant high credit losses. 
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Okay.  And regarding the entire NBFC sector as a whole, 
how do you perceive it for the fourth quarter and for FY21 going forward? 
 

Page 3 
 
Transcript - Capri Global 3QFY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think with their continuous various measures taken by the 
Government as well as Reserve Bank of India, the credit flow has come back to NBFC 
and housing finance company. I feel the trouble is behind and well managed housing 
finance company will come back to the growth path and have great opportunity to grow 
and corner the business. 
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
So basically, the dip which you had in disbursement for Q3 
you believe that it will come back on track to its previous level? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Okay.  Thank you so much sir.  Thank you and best of luck. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you sir.  We have a next question from Ravikant Bhat 
from India Nivesh.  Please go ahead. 
 
Ravikant Bhat: 
Sir, hi.  Congratulations on a good set of numbers.  Just 
couple of questions, one is you referred to the cost rationalization that have happened, 
now I mean your 9M cost has been flattish marginally lower YOY, can you just explain 
whether this whole, what the rationalization initiative was and whether it’s over and we 
might see cost rising hereon? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, cost rationalization was when we expanded, there were 
certain branches which were not producing adequate productivity and adequate 
business levels, so we have consolidated those branches to the nearest level and some 
of the manpower we have realigned and the productivity has improved.  So, the cost has 
come down and the numbers have improved.  Our collections also we have focused 
upon, so basically any resources which were not contributing towards business growth, 
we have asked them to go and replaced them with better profile and better people.  
Based on that our cost have come down.  Some of the branches we have merged with 
the nearest branches also.  So, all the non-productive branches have been merged with 
the existing branches. 
 
Ravikant Bhat: 
Okay and what was the number of such branches, can you 
share that? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So there are about 10-12 branches, though of course we 
opened the new branches also but overall the number of branches have not gone down. 
 
Ravikant Bhat: 
Right, understood.  And these branches were what vintage? 
I mean opened in the last two-three-four years or more recent? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
They were about last one year. 
 
Ravikant Bhat: 
Last one year okay.  Sure sir, that’s it from my side. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question 
please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  We have next question from 
Raghav Kabra from Excel Investments.  Please go ahead. 
 

Page 4 
 
Transcript - Capri Global 3QFY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Thank you.  Sir, I have a couple of questions.  The first one 
is regarding our bank borrowings, currently our bank borrowings are majority of 
borrowings, but now you have an approval for securitization and you are going to do co- 
origination as well.  So how would your borrowing mix going to look like in near future 
and what impact would these have on your cost incrementally?   
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Securitization happens at a lower rate about 75 to 100 bps 
lower than the existing bank borrowing.  So however, securitization has an impact that 
you get all the money at one go, while in the term loan you can draw in tranches, so both 
has their own plus and minuses.  I think borrowing cost otherwise also is going to come 
down by about 50 basis or so.  Securitization money will keep drawing as and when we 
require, but all that money will come in one go so there you have to carry some negative 
carry for couple of months.  I feel going forward the securitization will be about 20% of 
total borrowing and 80% borrowing will continue to be led by bank borrowing in the 
tenure of 5-8 years. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Okay, sir.  So, my second question, given a slowing macro 
environment and your MSME book not growing incrementally at fast rate, we are facing 
a lot of stress in your MSME book.  What sort of risk mitigation process are we adopting 
to control this?  How soon do you expect this to normalize back? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, the kind of in the yield segment we operate in, we expect 
these kinds of delinquency to remain.  We don’t expect the delinquency will go up in the 
Q4 it always happens the collection performance always becomes better so we feel 
some account should come back to the normal this quarter and going forward we feel 
that our overall NPA will remain in the current level, it will not go beyond this level.  And 
that is what is projected also. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Okay.  And sir, one last question is that there has been news 
floating around Capri’s interest in Lakshmi Vilas Bank, can you give us an update in 
regards to the same, what is this? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We have clarified that we have taken in our family office 
book as an equity investment.  So that is not done from NBFC or housing finance 
company. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Okay, Sir. That’s all from my side.  Thank you. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question 
please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  We have next question from 
Anadi Kaistha from Vivrithi Capital.  Please go ahead. 
 
Anadi Kaistha: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity.  My first question is 
on standalone financials of the company.  I think that quarter on quarter interest income 
has been reduced where my AUM is increasing, so what is the reason for that? That is 
first question.  Second question is that on quarter on quarter basis employee expenses 
are decreasing, you know, even decline in trend so what is the reason for that? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, our construction finance portfolio we have shrunk.  And it 
is happening quarter on quarter.  So, when construction finance portfolio is shrinking 
then because their interest income is a little on higher side, interest income is coming 

Page 5 
 
Transcript - Capri Global 3QFY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
down, number 1.  Number 2 since some of the branches we have merged and some of 
the non-performing employees we have asked to go and we have rationalized the cost 
multilayers, wherever the multilayer was there we have realigned the entire structure.  
So, our employee cost has come down and that is why our operating cost has 
substantially reduced.  
 
Anadi Kaistha: 
So, what would be the attrition rate for this quarter? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think, everything is stabilized so this quarter is going to be 
remaining the same.   
 
Anadi Kaistha: 
Okay. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Of course, this quarter we expect being the last quarter with 
every NBFC and lending industry, your disbursement happens the highest, so we also 
see that.  Our income level should be better in this quarter. 
 
Anadi Kaistha: 
Okay, and sir last question is regarding the gross NPA.  So, 
in MSME segment the gross NPA is increasing, right, if I will see that trend so it has 
increased by 65 bps on quarter on quarter basis, whether the construction finance is it 
below this level, we have a good, you know track record and very little NPA. So what is 
the action you are taking for MSME and what are the preventive actions you have 
already taken for the construction finance? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, construction finance to we are funding to the small size 
of developer where average ticket size is about INR 8 crore rupees. MSME, I think there 
will be more emphasis on the collection, and we expect the vertical wise MSME NPA 
should come back to less than 4%.    For a quarter we have few accounts that has 
slipped, but we are quite confident that by the March end it will come below 4%. 
 
Anadi Kaistha: 
Sure sir.  Thank you, sir.   
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  We have next question from Preeti Singh 
from Value investments.  Please go ahead. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity.  We are seeing that most of 
the other NBFCs and banks are now shifting to granular and retail loans, especially in 
housing finance, So just want to know how do you see the competition from the other 
players for Capri in the geographies that you are operating? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, while we are operating in the segment where borrowers 
do not have income proof or borrower’s income is not completely reflective in the bank 
statement.  And this is the segment where we have developed our own niche, not that 
every bank or every NBFC is competing in that space.  However, there are few players 
like HDB, AU and DCB and few regional players who operate in that segment, at the 
same time the segment offers so much credit gap that we believe that even few more 
players comes in still this gap requires to be addressed.  So, competition is not that great 
in the segment as compared to opportunity available. 
 

Page 6 
 
Transcript - Capri Global 3QFY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Okay.  So, my next question would be what your stance on 
the developer finance portfolio, you are lending to small ticket developers and now that 
you have stopped sanction to these new developers  
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, …this year I think we have sanctioned and disbursed 
about INR  280 crore and we are continue sanctioning the new cases.  We are more 
cautious that we should do only those cases, where location is good, developer has 
development experience, all approval is in place, marketability in micro market, we 
check about that segment and then we do it.  So, we do a thorough study plus we are 
doing this since last few years.  So, we have built a niche and expertise in our team, we 
know what to do and what not to do.  So whole construction finance segment cannot be 
painted with a same brush. 
 
The difference between the large project risk and the smaller project risk is different, 
whereas a smaller unit in the range of 30 lakhs to 60 lakhs rupees underlying apartment, 
finished Goods of that registered projects are still moving at reasonable pace and the 
developers are able to realize based on the construction. Thus, we ensure that project is 
completed because we provide the entire funding to complete the project. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Okay.  Just a last question sir.  It’s a data specific question.  
So what percentage of your home loans customers would be salaried versus non-
salaried customers? 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So salaried customer is less than 30% and rest are self-
employed people. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Okay.  That’s good.  That’s all from my side.  Thank you so 
much, Sir. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, ma’am.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  We have next question 
from Siddharth Mehta, an Individual investor.  Please go ahead. 
 
Siddhart Mehta: 
Yeah.  Alright.  And can you kindly talk about some of the 
future prospects, how do you see the company moving in one year, two years or three 
years’ time.  Some broad parameters  
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So broad parameters, we are chasing the target to reach 
INR 20,000 crore a book by 2025 and the same have also been reflected in our investor 
presentation which is uploaded on the company website and Exchange.  So next five 
years we want to move in that direction and I think we are well positioned to do that. 
 
Siddharth Mehta: 
Alright.  I am glad to hear this.  Thank you. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, Sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Next, we have a follow 
up question from Raghav Kabra from Excel Investments.  Please go ahead. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Thank you, Sir for taking my question again.  I want to ask 
why we shall reduce our guidance on loan book target for next five years? I can 
understand for this year, but why slower growth over next five years? 

Page 7 
 
Transcript - Capri Global 3QFY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, for this year base have come down, so that is the base 
on which you build every year.  
  
Raghav Kabra: 
Yeah. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
For example, you are growing at the pace of 40%.  So the 
cumulative effect will definitely will be reflected after five years in that kind of figure. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Okay.    That’s from my side. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, Sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Ladies and gentlemen, if 
you have a question please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Since there 
are no further questions now I handover the floor to management team for closing 
comments.  Over to you sir. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, thank you all.  I think looking at the sector in which we 
are operating in, looking at the niche we are building in MSME and affordable housing 
too, lend to those customers who are underbanked and underserved where the 
customers don’t have income proof.  India as a country has such a huge quantum of 
borrowers who do not get access to credit from the formal banking channel.  We are 
glad that we are serving to that segment and we see there is lot to be achieved in that 
segment.  We will continue to lend in that segment and we see it is a great growth 
opportunity in next five-ten years.  Thank you so much. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, Sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your 
conference for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha 
Conference Call Service.  You may disconnect your lines now.  Thank you and have a 
pleasant evening. 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. 
 
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
 
  
 
