Sudesh
Group
35?'?i
The
National
Stock
Exchange
of India
Limited
Exchange Plaza", 5thFloor,
Plot
No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla
Complex, Bandra
(East),
MUMBAI
-
400
051
NSE Symbol: APOLLOPIPE
SCRIP
Code:
531761
?POLLO
?
PIPING SYSTEMS
Made.
kr
lik
-
ts"
March,
2020
Department of Corporate
Services/Listing
BSE
Limited
Phiroze
Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal
Street, Fort,
MUMBAI
-
400
001
Sub:
Intimation
under
Regulation
30
of
Securities
and
Exchange
Board
of
India
(Listing Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements)
Regulations,
2015
-
Earnings
Call
Transcript
Dear
Sir/Mam,
With
reference
to
our
letter
dated
February 04,
2020
and
pursuant
to
the
SEBI
(Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations,
2015, please find
enclosed
herewith
Earnings Call Transcript of Earnings Conference
Call held
on Thursday, February 06, 2020.
You
are requested
to kindly take
the
same
on
your
records.
Thanking you
Encl.:
A/a
APOLLO
PIPES
LIMITED
Regd. Office:
37, Hargobind Enclave, Vikas Marg, Delhi-110092,
India
Corporate
Office
: A-140,
Sector-136,
Noida-201301
(U.P.),India
Manufacturing
Unit
: Dadri
(U.P.),Ahmedabad
(Gujarat), Bengalore (Karnataka), India
Tel: 0120-2973411
I Toll Free
No.:
1800-121-37371
Email:
info@apollopipes.com
Website
: www.apollopipes.com I CIN
: L65999DL
1985PLC022723

 
Page | 1 
 
 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY20 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 6, 2020 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Morning and Welcome to Apollo Pipes Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Mit Shah 
Good Morning. Thank you for joining us on Apollo Pipes Limited Q3 & 9M FY20 
earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Sameer Gupta – Managing Director; 
and Mr. Ajay K. Jain – the CFO of the company. 
We will begin with the opening remarks from members of management following 
which we will have the forum open for the question and answer. Before we start, I 
would like to point out that some of the statements made in today’s call may be 
forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
Earnings Presentation shared with you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. 
Sameer Gupta to make his remarks. 
Sameer Gupta 
Hello everyone, a very Good Morning to everyone present on the call. On behalf of 
the entire management team of Apollo Pipes, I would now like to extend a warm 
welcome to all of you for our Q3 &9M Earnings Conference Call. I will begin by 
sharing the operating highlights following which Mr. Ajay K Jain will run through the 
financial highlights. 
During the quarter, we have reported an encouraging set of numbers. We delivered 
a volume growth of 15% in Q3FY20 driven by a steady demand revival witnessed 
across cPVC, HDPE Pipes, and value-added product segment of ‘Fittings’. 
Improving contribution from our high margin value-added segments also enabled 
us to register a healthy growth in the profitability in the quarter.  
On the operational side, I am pleased to share with you that we have successfully 
integrated the recently acquired plant at Bengaluru in our business operations. This 
plant, with a capacity of 12,000 MTPA, has started contributing to our performance 
from January 2020 onwards. We are currently manufacturing cPVC and uPVC 
segments at the start in which we will also be establishing a manufacturing line for 
our high-value, high-margin ‘Fitting’ segments at this plant, going ahead. As the 
operations stabilize and utilization level improves at this plant on the back of 
various initiatives we are undertaking, it will help us enhance our overall volumes in 
FY21.  

 
Page | 2 
I am also happy to share with you that we have recently added our new and high 
potential product segment namely ‘Solvent Cements’ and ‘Water Storage Solutions’ 
to our product portfolio. In January 2020, we commenced manufacturing of PVC 
and cPVC solvent cements which is a superior quality product with excellent 
installation properties that can be used in various piping applications. The new 
product is also a ‘LEED’ compliant and meets high ASTM international standards 
used for plastic pipe solutions. We will be launching this product in wide range of 
packaging going forward. Additionally, we are also planning to launch water 
storage solutions product in the next fiscal. These Aqua range of products will be 
available in four different variants and we will meet the highest standard of hygiene. 
The inclusion of these two new products and categories is in sync with our growth 
strategy of improving our value-added product portfolio. We believe in longer term, 
our improved product portfolio will help enhance our business visibility and drive 
healthy volumes and profitability going ahead. 
We are also constantly working towards strengthening our sales team, dealers and 
distribution network and building our brand presence across existing and new high 
potential geographies. Further, the launch of value-added products enhanced 
branding activities and ramp up in utilization of facility should also enhance 
productivity and improve business efficiency for Apollo Pipes in the medium to 
longer term.  
From a macro perspective, the recent union budget of 2020 improved allocation for 
‘Jal Jeevan’ mission, a program that aims to provide piped drinking water to all 
rural households by 2024, this along with higher focus towards agriculture and 
irrigation should drive demand for the pipe industry. So, on the whole, healthy 
macros improving demand along with implementation of our strategic initiative 
should help us in delivering a healthy operational and financial performance going 
ahead.  
On that note, I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay K. Jain to run you through the key 
financial highlights. Thank you. 
Ajay K. Jain 
Good Morning everyone, I will briefly cover the financial performance during the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2019. The company delivered a 
steady financial performance during Q3 & 9M FY20 despite facing external 
challenges such as muted demand sentiments in the domestic market and impact 
of heavy monsoons and flooding in key geographies. Total income from operations 
for the quarter came at Rs. 100 crore as against Rs. 87 crore in Q3 FY19, higher 
by 15%. In 9MFY20, our total income from operations stood at Rs. 313.8 crore as 
against Rs. 272.4 crore growing by 15%.  
Our volumes for the quarter stood at 10,712 MTPA as against 9300 MTPA in the 
corresponding period last year, delivering a growth of 15%. Volumes for 9M FY20 
stood at 34,971 MTPA, up by 16% as compared to 30,210 MTPA in 9M FY19. The 
volume growth was in Q3 and 9M was driven by a healthy contribution from the 
cPVC, HDPE Pipes, and value-added product segment of ‘Fittings’. 
On the profitability front, our EBITDA for the quarter was up by 25% YoY to Rs. 
10.7 crore as against Rs. 8.5 crore in Q3 FY19. Margins for the quarter were higher 
by 86 BPS and stood at 10.7%. EBITDA for 9M FY20 stood at Rs. 35.8 crore as 
against Rs. 28.6 crore in the corresponding period last year, higher by 25%. 
Margins for 9M FY20 were higher by 91 BPS at 11.4%. Improving contribution from 
our higher margins value-added segment like ‘Fittings’ helped deliver improved 
profitability. Depreciation cost during the quarter were up by 30% in Q3 FY20 to 
Rs. 3.4 crore. For 9M FY20, it stood at Rs. 8.9 crore as against Rs. 7.2 crore in the 
same period last year, higher by 24%. Higher depreciation was on account of 

 
Page | 3 
commissioning of new capacities. PAT for the quarter grew by 25% stood at Rs. 
6.7 crore compared to Rs. 5.3 crore in Q3 FY19. PAT for 9M FY20 stood at Rs. 
22.3 crore as against Rs. 18.6 crore in the corresponding period last year, higher 
by 20%.  
With this, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss 
Broking Limited. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay 
In the commentary you have given volume growth of 25% in the next three years. 
So far in the past we have not seen such kind of a strong volume growth. So on 
what basis, like geographical penetration or the product mix, what actually will be 
the driver in the way forward for such strong growth guidance? 
Sameer Gupta 
As we talked about the volume growth that we were targeting of 25%, we were very 
sure regarding the achievement of this target. Due to some circumstances, such as 
heavy rainfall and other situations, such as extreme weather conditions and 
general elections earlier this year. These events had little impact on the sales, 
otherwise, we were very much in line with our target and we are hopeful that in the 
coming period, we will be very much achieving this target and we will be standing 
up to our commitments. 
Praveen Sahay 
Sir, basically I just wanted to know like this 25% of growth which you had given, it 
will be a mix of your new product segment as well, like the PVC solvent or water 
storage? 
Sameer Gupta 
We are targeting these products as a backup plan, not exactly the first plan for our 
growth target because whatever we are targeting right now the 25% growth, we are 
targeting with our existing set of products, with our existing facilities, so whatever 
the growth we will be achieving with the new products, it could be over and above 
the 25% that we are targeting. 
Praveen Sahay 
Also you talked about the Jal Jeevan Mission, the allocation that Government has 
given and all. So is there any contribution, because one of your competitors has 
indicated they had supplied to certain region. So have you supplied anything in 
that? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes, we are already supplying to various Government projects for such missions 
and we are a regular supplier to the Government bodies through contractors. We 
are already in line with those supplies, but with more penetration from the 
Government side, it will help us in putting more quantity or more volumes on these 
projects. 
Praveen Sahay 
Can you indicate any specific location? 
Sameer Gupta 
We are already supplying to various Government departments in MP, Rajasthan, 
and in UP, who are working with these Government missions for Nal Se Jal, 
Swachh Bharat and other Government programs. 
Praveen Sahay 
Also I had observed that the HDPE pipe numbers have significantly improved for 
Q3 and even for 9M FY20. So is that a B2B in the nature of business? 

 
Page | 4 
Sameer Gupta 
Exactly, because HDPE is mainly for the Government projects only, so you can see 
majority of the supplies is in this nature only. 
Praveen Sahay 
Regarding the new product, is there any CAPEX you incurred, the PVC Solvent 
Cement and the way forward the Water Storage as well you are planning. What 
would be the CAPEX you have incurred or any plan for that? 
Sameer Gupta 
Of course, there are new projects for Water Storage Tanks and Solvent Cements, 
we have of course incurred some CAPEX because of that only we will be able to 
enhance the production of the capacity. This will be somewhere around Rs. 5 to 
Rs. 6 crore in total project that will be installing, some of the parts had already been 
invested for building of the capacities of Solvents that we have already in 
production and Water Storage Tanks will be in production by the end of this month 
or early next month. So, you can say that the investment is already going on. The 
total investment should be around Rs. 5 to Rs. 6 crore for these two projects. 
Praveen Sahay 
Which location, Sir? 
Sameer Gupta 
It is in North India only, near Dadri plant and Sikandrabad plant. 
Praveen Sahay 
Can you give any sales target on these products? 
Sameer Gupta 
Of course, we are already targeting some sales from these products but it is not 
very high, because in high volume items, the margins are good but the volumes are 
not so high since there are new product launches. We target somewhere around 
Rs.15 to Rs. 20 crore in the next financial year for these two products. 
Praveen Sahay 
You are targeting Rs. 15 to Rs. 20 crore for FY21? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes. 
Praveen Sahay 
Last question Sir related to the value-added also you talked about. So is there any 
definition for your value-added products like 16%-17% of margin whatever is that 
and then you termed it value-added, is it like that? 
Sameer Gupta 
When we talk about the value-added products, it is Fittings and cPVC segment is 
also value-added product and we are targeting these products as main agenda for 
our sales. We are right now looking at increasing the capacities of these products 
because we are operating at almost at 80% to 90% for these products and 
because of this, we are increasing the production capacity for these products. So, 
we are working for Fittings and cPVC lines. 
Praveen Sahay 
Which location you are increasing for these products capacity? 
Sameer Gupta 
Both, at Bengaluru and at Dadri plant. 
Praveen Sahay 
Could you able to give any capacity, like how much capacity of cPVC is there with 
you right now? 
Sameer Gupta 
The capacity that we have right now for cPVC is around 4 KT put together around 
300 tons per month. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page | 5 
Dhiral Shah 
Sir, earlier our plan was to end the FY20 capacity at 90,000 tons, but now looking 
at the presentation you are targeting 90,000 tons by H1 FY 21. So what has led to 
this deferment? 
Sameer Gupta 
A few factors actually, we were planning to acquire this Bengaluru plant by the end 
of last quarter Q3. It got delayed because some of the activities that we had to 
undertake at the Bengaluru plant. Other than that, delayed rains also deferred our 
construction activities at the Dadri plant, which started around two months back. 
Because of those circumstances that were not in our control, we were not able to 
enhance the capacity. But we are already working in line with that all those target 
that we have given to you, only a month here and there. We have been working on 
the same target and we will be working for this same target that we have given to 
you, by the end of not by H1 by Q1 of next financial year. 
Dhiral Shah 
Sir, what kind of capacity utilization we are expecting next year? 
Sameer Gupta 
We will be increasing the capacity at all the locations, so we are targeting a 
capacity utilization of around 65% of the overall capacity available in the next 
financial year. 
Dhiral Shah 
Across the plant with the 90,000 ton capacity? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes. 
Dhiral Shah 
Sir, what is the kind of expansion we are targeting for next two years 90,000 tons 
would be there, but what are the incremental capacity plans we are targeting? 
Sameer Gupta 
Next two years if we talk about, we are targeting, first of all to increase the 
production capacity to 90 KT in the next financial year and another you can say 
around 20% growth in FY 2022. We will be first focusing on what exact capacity we 
are able to utilize. As good as we will be able to utilize the same, we will invest on 
the same capacity. Without utilization it makes no sense of installing the capacity 
and keeping it idle. 
Dhiral Shah 
Sir, when I see your gross margins in 9M FY20, there has been 1.5% improvement 
to 29%, so what is your view for the same for next two to three years and how 
much is due to product mix? 
Sameer Gupta 
The margins were enhanced mainly due to the product mix because, we are mainly 
working on the value-added products since past 2-3 years. Mainly these products 
are only helping us in enhancing the margins in the current year and in the coming 
years also, we are focusing on the value-added products. So, we will be in the 
same line of increasing the margins in the coming years also. 
Dhiral Shah 
We can expect above 30% kind of a gross margin? 
Sameer Gupta 
It should be like that, but we cannot comment right now because as we go ahead in 
the line, so picture will be much more clear in the coming days. We should be in 
the same line. 
Dhiral Shah 
As you are also expanding Sir, our employee cost have also increased. So is there 
any target to restrict our employee cost as a percentage of sales or we can see 
7%-8% kind of an employee cost also in coming years? 
Sameer Gupta 
It should not be, because right now we are on an expansion mode. We are 
increasing the sales team and other branding activities that earlier we were not 

 
Page | 6 
doing, so our main cost is going towards that section. So with the increase in sales, 
it should remain in the same target that we are currently seeing. Minor changes 
maybe there, but there should not be any major change in the coming days. 
Dhiral Shah 
Sir, lastly regarding our distribution network. What is the current distribution 
network in our retail touch point and how much it has increased? 
Sameer Gupta 
If we talk about retail touch points, right now it is around 4,000-5,000 retailers. We 
are targeting to increase these touch points at least 15% to 20% every year. 
Dhiral Shah 
Sir, lastly regarding the cash which is there in the balance sheet, so how we have 
utilized it and what is the current cash position? 
Sameer Gupta 
Right now the cash is in the bank and we are trying to compensate the same with 
whatever the borrowings we have. We are trying to make up the same thing with 
that. Right now, we are waiting for some big project that may come into the picture 
in the coming days and to invest this money exactly into that, but right now we are 
not having any financial loss on account of that because we are putting FD on the 
same cost we are borrowing the money. So there is no financial impact on the 
company because of that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Merchant from SMC Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Merchant 
Sir, my first question was related to the industry demand and in those states which 
we operate. So how is the demand scenario? Can you throw some light on it? 
Sameer Gupta 
The industry demand as per the industry, it is around 5% to 7% growth. As per 
others data that were available in the public platform, around 6% to 7% industry 
growth is there. 
Ankit Merchant 
What are the upcoming capacities in the regions which you operate, so I believe in 
the North where you are operating, is there any other capacity coming from any 
other player? 
Sameer Gupta 
Capacities are coming in the picture on regular basis from different players whether 
it is large cap or small cap. It keeps on coming, but the main factor Ankit, it is that 
at what exact capacity utilization you are running at and what costing you are able 
to achieve. So that you are able to fight the competition in the industry. That is the 
major question and what quantities you are able to sell. So we are working on both 
the lines - to increase the capacity utilization and to reduce the production cost as 
well as we can capture more and more demand share in the industry. So these are 
the main factors that we will be working rather than increasing just the capacity it is 
not we can say big threat but increase in capacity with a lower cost of production 
that is the difference. So whatever the production capacities we are working on, it 
is with the latest you can say facilities and the latest technologies. So our cost of 
production is very much in line with the other big players in the industry and we are 
working on the same line to increase the production with low-cost and we are also 
working on the brand building. That is also helping us in increasing sales. 
Ankit Merchant 
Is it safe to assume that we are competing more on the price front as well that our 
products will be cheaper than compared of our competitor? 
Sameer Gupta 
Of course, we are working on both the lines. We are working on the brand also and 
the price front also, so that our product is not that much costly because the 

 
Page | 7 
competitors are very easily able to enter into the market, so we are working on both 
the fronts. 
Ankit Merchant 
My next question is related to the raw material. In this quarter, RM cost has come 
down for us. What is the reason and going ahead are we seeing any supply 
disruption for PVC prices, not for us, but also for the industry due to this corona 
virus? 
Sameer Gupta 
No, first of all as regarding the RM cost, as we have talked earlier that we are 
working mainly for the value-added and Fitting and the other high margin items, 
because of that thing the cost of raw material has been decreased because we are 
working on high margin products. Second of all, if you talk about China, the 
disruption actually it is there, but I do not think that it will disrupt too much because 
China as you talked about the PVC, they are not very big importers because they 
are already exporting this product to other parts of the world, so they are not big 
importer so they will not be affecting the price of this product too much. Of course, 
right now a bit of disturbance is there in the market, but I do not think it will prevail 
too long because the supply to the Indian market and to other major market is 
mainly from the other countries other than China. 
Ankit Merchant 
But there has been no fluctuations on the prices of late? 
Sameer Gupta 
It is there, but it is not because of corona virus. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Punit Mittal from Global Core 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Punit Mittal 
Sir, couple of questions, one is what we are seeing is that the volume increase is in 
line with the revenue increase, but at the same time you mentioned that your 
position of value-added products and cPVC is increasing. So why would the value 
increase with a better product mix? 
Sameer Gupta 
Actually if you see our product portfolios, we are making a lot of products that have 
a different costs of raw material like cPVC, uPVC, Fittings and HDPE, so all these 
products have different cost of raw material. So it is a coincidence that the volume 
growth and the value growth are on the same line whereas right now, we have 
viewed in HDPE also which is a bit costlier material, so because of that thing and 
Fittings has also grown, so because of those things, you can say the open margin 
has increased. If you talk about the value increase, the value is increased in the 
same line because of HDPE, HDPE product that is not having a good margin as 
Fittings, but the value is high, so because of that thing also the value has increased 
in the same line. So overall if you see that the volume has increased by 15% but 
because of HDPE products sales increase, the value has also increased in the 
same line. 
Punit Mittal 
Second, of course our EBITDA margins are inching up slowly, but it is a far outcry 
from the competition which is between 16% to 19%. At what level of revenue do 
you think would we be able to reach those 15%-16% margin? 
Sameer Gupta 
Punit, right now we are not targeting EBITDA margin of 15% to 20% because we 
are in a growing stage and we do not want to upset our buyer segment; because of 
high margins we will not be able to achieve the new market segment that we are 
targeting in. With the sales turnover of around Rs 1,500 to Rs. 2,000 crore, we 
think we should be in that line to achieve an EBITDA margin of 16% to 20%. 

 
Page | 8 
Punit Mittal 
The next I think on your Annual Report of 2019, I think someone asked about the 
capacity but I think you also mentioned your turnover vision of about US$ 100 
million by 2020 which looks a bit difficult now, so any comment on that? 
Sameer Gupta 
Earlier we were targeting this sales target, but because of some circumstances we 
were not able to achieve this thing, but we are working hard for the achievement of 
this target and we think that we are delayed by a year to year-and-a-half to achieve 
this target, but we are working hard for the achievement of this target. 
Punit Mittal 
The last question, I think you mentioned about two new products the PVC Solvent 
Cement and the Water Storage. For both these products, can you just give some 
color on what the market size is, opportunity size, competition etc.? 
Sameer Gupta 
The market if you talk about the water storage tanks, is pretty big and we have 
some big players working in the same line. This product is being sold by our 
existing dealers and they are very much keen regarding the same product being 
introduced by our company. If we talk about the market size of water storage tank it 
is in liters and it is somewhere around 10 crore of liters per month the market size 
that we are working on. Because lots of unorganized players are there in the 
market, so the exact figure is not there in the industry. Right now we are targeting 
sales of around 30 lakh to 40 lakh liters per month for this product. We are seeing 
this because of the absence of big organized players in this industry, we should be 
able to achieve this. Secondly, if we talk about Solvent Cements again it is mainly 
catered from the unorganized sector; few players are making this product not all 
the players. Since we did high investment on both these products, so we should 
not be able to face any trouble in these products, we should be easily selling 
through with our whatever capacities we are putting on in initial phase, we should 
be able to sell it and in coming days we will be able to see that what exactly 
capacity investment on how big we can make this product and product segment in 
the coming days. 
Punit Mittal 
When you say 30 to 40 lakh liters per month, how much it translates into say 
revenues? 
Sameer Gupta 
It is roughly around Rs.1 to Rs. 1.5 crore. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gada 
Sir, my first question is on why has there been such a sharp increase in our other 
expenses in this particular quarter, can you give some reasons for that? 
Sameer Gupta 
Nikhil, these are mainly because we are increasing the capacities and the value-
added products in this increased at a much higher rate rather than this around 30% 
growth in the value-added products. So these products need higher cost of 
production as compared to the other conventional items and other thing that we are 
spending a lot on the branding and the marketing expense, so these are also 
getting into the picture contributing to a higher other expenses. 
Nikhil Gada 
Sir, can you just give some numbers in terms of how much is this marketing 
spends that we are doing? 
Sameer Gupta 
If you talk about the advertisement expense, earlier we were spending around 
0.7% to 1% of the total sales revenue, but right now we are targeting around 1.5% 
to 2%. We are almost doubling the same expenses for the marketing expense in 
the current and the coming years, so because of mainly this reason the other 

 
Page | 9 
expenses is going up and other than that ‘Fittings’ segment is going up, so on that 
account also the labor expenses and other expenses have gone a bit higher. 
Nikhil Gada 
So is it fair to assume that this sort of numbers in other expenses would continue in 
future as well because we are focusing more on the higher margins? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes, of course, this may increase in the coming days because of the high margin 
products. Expenses are more incurred on the selling and manufacturing sides. So it 
may in the coming days, these high margin products keep on selling at the highest 
pace, so it will be contributing in this line. 
Nikhil Gada 
Sir, my second question is I know you mentioned that we have benefited from 
better product mix in terms of gross margin improvement, but was there also some 
benefits of inventory we had in this particular quarter? 
Sameer Gupta 
We had inventory in this particular quarter, but I do not think that the inventory was 
contributing too much on this front. 
Nikhil Gada 
So majorly it is the product mix only? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes, it is majorly that. 
Nikhil Gada 
Sir, you also mentioned regarding the industry demand that it has grown to around 
6%-7% and while we have seen a very strong volume growth in this particular 
quarter. So we are definitely gaining market share, it comes through so just wanted 
to understand has there been that unorganized sector is feeding sort of market 
share to us or is it just that we are also able to gain some market from the other 
organized players as well? 
Sameer Gupta 
We are working on both fronts, so we are gaining some demand from the 
organized sector and also we are mainly targeting the unorganized sector where 
we are mainly getting the growth from them, so the major growth is from the 
unorganized sector. 
Nikhil Gada 
Sir, what would be the pricing differential between our products and the 
unorganized players, are we at like 5% to 6% premium or we are at like similar 
levels or something if you can highlight? 
Sameer Gupta 
No, we are at a premium of you can say around 8% to 10% from the unorganized 
sector. 
Nikhil Gada 
But we are still able to capture market? 
Sameer Gupta 
We are able to capture because of the quality difference, because of the 
infrastructure and supply constraints and other you can say other parameters 
because of those things and brand value also we are able to match that. 
Nikhil Gada 
Sir, just on the channel inventory front because I know the main season is coming 
for products especially in the Agri pipes, how is the current channel inventory, is it 
like the dealers have stocked much or they are like at optimum levels or there is 
further scope to improve the inventories in the channel? 
Sameer Gupta 
If you talk about the channel inventory in the first month like if you talk about 
January 1st the channel inventory was not so much with the channel partners, but 
with the recent increase in the polymer prices in one month they have increased 
the inventory at their end. Right now they should be at comfortable position, but still 

 
Page | 10 
they have not overloaded themselves because they are still waiting and seeing 
how exactly the market is doing, so they are right now at a comfortable position, 
but they have not overloaded themselves. 
Nikhil Gada 
Just regarding this new product, the Water Tanks, if I have heard correctly you 
have said that this capex spend would be around Rs. 5 to Rs. 6 crore that would be 
both for Solvent Cements as well as Water Tank, right? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes. 
Nikhil Gada 
This is going to be in the existing, did we already have a land in Dadri because you 
mentioned Sikandrabad, so I just wanted to know? 
Sameer Gupta 
In Dadri plant, we are already expanding Fittings and other value-added products 
that we have already told in our earlier presentations also. So in Dadri plant we are 
working with those products which are in line with the PVC pipe and cPVC pipe. So 
this product is actually a total different product for this facility in our Sikandrabad 
unit. 
Nikhil Gada 
The land cost is included in this Rs. 5 to Rs. 6 crore? 
Sameer Gupta 
We already had our land in Sikandrabad. 
Nikhil Gada 
The Solvent Cement is also being produced out of that plant? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes. 
Nikhil Gada 
Just lastly, because Water Tank generally sells through our existing distribution 
network only, you know just wanted to have some color as to because if you see 
the water tank market as you rightly mentioned a lot of there are many other 
players as well, so just wanted to have because say the unorganized market is 
there, but are we trying to push it to other distribution network as well to actually 
benefit from this so-called unorganized market being so large? 
Sameer Gupta 
Nikhil, if you see our market basically, our distribution network they are already 
dealing with this product but they are dealing with some unorganized players who 
do not have any quality standards or who do not have any particular industry 
standards we are working on. So it will be not a big challenge for us to eat the 
shares of those unorganized players who are there in the industry, but working on 
unorganized manner. We are mainly targeting those players only and we are quite 
optimistic regarding the quantities that we are targeting because we have already 
taken feedback from our distributors and they are pretty much confident of selling 
the quantities, still if the quantities are less in selling, we will be targeting new set of 
distributors have new segment that they will be selling, but first of all we will be 
targeting same set of customers that we are already dealing with so that it is easier 
for us to sell the product without any much extra cost on the same. 
Nikhil Gada 
Sir, lastly this 90 K capacity, this is going to be from our existing plants, so if you 
can just break it up, how much we are going to add in Dadri, how much in 
Bengaluru, and how much in Ahmedabad? 
Sameer Gupta 
We are targeting addition for total 90, Dadri we are targeting at around 7 to 10 KT 
and Ahmedabad we were targeting around 3 to 5 KT & South it will be total around 
12 to 15 KT. 
Nikhil Gada 
What about the Raipur capacity that you are planning? 

 
Page | 11 
Sameer Gupta 
Raipur capacity will be there in the picture, first we go through this Bengaluru 
capacity, it should be in line by the end of first quarter, then we will be seeing 
towards that Raipur capacity and we are hopeful that we can start manufacturing 
this capacity by the end of this coming financial year. 
Nikhil Gada 
But the land and everything has been identified? 
Sameer Gupta 
It has been identified, but it is delayed right now, we are not in the same line. We 
have identified all the land facilities and other things we have already identified, but 
right now we are much more focusing on that Bengaluru capacity, when it gets 
through then you can say later on the year, we will start building this capacity. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pushkar Shah from Nippon Wealth 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pushkar Shah 
I just wanted to ask what will be the revenue mix going forward between the 
traditional PVC Fittings products and the fitting of the Solvent that we recently 
launched, what will be the revenue mix? 
Sameer Gupta 
Revenue mix it will be in the same, we are targeting that with a conventional PVC 
pipe, we should be working at the revenue of around 60% of the total revenue and 
balance around 20% to 25% will be coming from the fittings and 10% to 15% from 
the HDPE products. 
Pushkar Shah 
The average capacity utilization currently, any future outlook on the capacity 
utilization of the plant? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes, we are working very hard on the capacity utilization because earlier we were 
planning on this front, so right now we are working very hard and we have 
achieved a good capacity utilization all across and we are targeting right now 
capacity utilization of 70% to 75% in coming days also, and we are working on the 
same line right now. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Govind Saboo from IndiaNivesh 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Govind Saboo 
Sir, couple of questions from my side, one was regarding the sales mix, so if we 
have to break the sales into Government projects sales and rural Agri pipe sales 
and urban sales, so what would be our sales mix? 
Sameer Gupta 
As we are mixing the sales, we cannot break the sales mix like that. We can break 
the sales mix like that, trade, Government, exports and like that. We cannot break 
the sales like Government and Agri and rural because these are on the same line 
or different line, these are different parameters, so if we talk about the Government 
sales, right now we are having a total sales of less than 10% from the Government 
segment. Maximum of the sales we are achieving from the trade network, so on the 
product front if we talk about the agriculture product and other product segment, we 
are mainly achieving around 60% to 65% of our product sales from our agriculture 
sector and rural sales if you talk about again it is on the same line out of our total 
sales around 60% to 70% of the sales is coming from the rural market. 
Govind Saboo 
Exports would be negligible? 
Sameer Gupta 
That is very negligible, right now we started working hard on this front, so in the 
coming days we should be able to see us on this front also. 

 
Page | 12 
Govind Saboo 
Sir, my second question was regarding the warrant conversion, so when can we 
expect this warrant conversion to take place? 
Ajay K. Jain 
Warrants were to be converted in three different years. In last two years that is 
already been converted and the third phase would be done in FY 21. Probably by 
first month of the year in April 2020, they would be converted. 
Govind Saboo 
The balance warrant if I understand correctly is 24,85,000? 
Ajay K. Jain 
No, Sir, it is now 13,60,000, total 34,35,000 were to be issued and the last one is 
13,60,000. 
Govind Saboo 
Sir, what is the cash position and debt position as on December 31st? 
Ajay K. Jain 
Currently, we have already Rs. 125 crore been put in FD form, so literally we are a 
zero debt company, whatever debt we are using they are for working capital that is 
around Rs.25 crore. 
Govind Saboo 
So Rs. 125 crore is cash balance or FD balance and Rs. 25 crore is the debt 
balance against this? 
Ajay K. Jain 
Yes Rs. 25 crore is my working capital loan what we have taken. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajat Setiya from Vriddhi Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajat Setiya 
Just wanted to understand what is the amount of CAPEX that we did in 
Ahmedabad and Bengaluru? 
Sameer Gupta 
In Bengaluru we invested somewhere around Rs. 24 crore upfront and we have 
installed some new capacities and new products also there. So the total capacity 
will be around Rs. 30 to Rs. 35 crore in Bengaluru. In Ahmedabad, we have done 
the similar set up around Rs. 20 to Rs. 22 crore the investment we have done. 
Rajat Setiya 
What is the capacity that we have in the two plants? 
Sameer Gupta 
In Ahmedabad, we have right now the capacity of 10 KT, in Bengaluru plant we 
have the capacity of 12 KT. 
Rajat Setiya 
What does that convert in revenue terms? 
Sameer Gupta 
If we talk about the revenue terms, the conversion of that Ahmedabad capacity it is 
around Rs. 70 to Rs. 80 crore. Bengaluru it is different set of products are there, so 
Bengaluru capacity should be around Rs. 125 to Rs. 130 crore. 
Rajat Setiya 
We can expect similar asset turns for the Raipur facility whenever it comes online, 
right? 
Sameer Gupta 
Yes, of course, it should be in the same line. 
Rajat Setiya 
In terms of revenue mix, sorry I missed it if you have already talked about it, but 
can you share of Fittings and Taps? 
Sameer Gupta 
It is roughly around 25% of the total revenue is coming from the Fitting segment. 

 
Page | 13 
Rajat Setiya 
Fittings and taps? 
Sameer Gupta 
25% to 30%. 
Rajat Setiya 
How much of our sales comes from residential segment, is it just Fitting and Taps? 
Sameer Gupta 
It is actually a bit tricky question because we do not know exactly where exactly the 
pipes are being used. Some of our pipes are used for both the applications whether 
it is residential or the industrial or agriculture. The same set of pipes is being used 
for all these segments. So right now if you see the residential segment should be 
somewhere around 40% to 45%. 
Rajat Setiya 
cPVC pipe share? 
Sameer Gupta 
cPVC pipe share is around 5% to 7% of the total revenue. 
Rajat Setiya 
Sir, what was this number for residential fitting and pipes three years back? 
Sameer Gupta 
Three years back we were not having such facility, we were not such data strong 
so we are increasing at a speed of around 30% to 40% in this segment, so going 
backward you can say that it should be around Rs. 20 to Rs. 25 crore. 
Rajat Setiya 
In terms of our realizations in North, Ahmedabad, and Bengaluru, what will be the 
difference for us? 
Sameer Gupta 
North will be our older market and we were very strongly working in these markets 
for the last 20 years, so being revenue side and the margin side North is pretty 
good as compared to you can say Ahmedabad. Tumkur we have just started, so 
we will be seeing in the coming days that how exactly it lands, but of course it will 
be you can say below in revenue and the margin on both fronts from Dadri plants, 
both the plants. 
Rajat Setiya 
Sir, one last thing in terms of realization what kind of difference would you say 5%-
10% difference or more difference in Ahmedabad? 
Sameer Gupta 
In Ahmedabad, it should be 5% to 7% like that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Jhanwar from Centrum 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Jhanwar 
Sir, we launched Plastic Faucet Taps and Showers in domestic market. Can you 
say what was the response in the market and if you could quantify in terms of 
volume or value sales we have done? 
Sameer Gupta 
Harsh, we launched this product early this year of Plastic Tap and Faucets, but we 
were new to this market and we were not very sure that what exactly will be the 
market movement for this product, so as going ahead we saw that lot of products 
were missing in our total product range, so we were adding those product range 
and the sales team were not actually took in the initial days, they were from the 
brass tap segment, so they were not able to sell this product, so for the last few 
months we are working hard on increasing the product range that were missing in 
our total product portfolio. So right now the volume is very negligible in the total 
sales, but in the coming days we see a good growth right now because we have 
hired a new sales team for this product segment as well as we have increased 
whatever products were missing in this product range, we have added those 

 
Page | 14 
product also in our product range, so in the coming days we will be seeing good 
numbers, right now it is very negligible so it is not good share right now. 
Harsh Jhanwar 
Sir, can you quantify how many distributors and dealers have we added in last nine 
months and last three months? 
Sameer Gupta 
If we talk about the distributors and dealers, around 20 to 25 distributors we have 
added in the last nine months, working for the Ahmedabad and the Tumkur plant. 
The dealer number should be around 800 to 1,000 dealers, but right now the 
results will be seen in the coming days because it has been recently added 
because we have been recently adding up the sales team as you can see in the 
sales number that is the sales team we have recently added, so these numbers will 
be coming in the coming quarters, right now we are working with them for 
increasing the market share. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Ajay K Jain 
Thank you all of you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. I thank you 
once again for taking the time to join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of Apollo Pipes Limited that 
concludes today’s conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy.  
