vanti 
41l!B呸d
r
" Feeds Limited 
Ref: 
AFL/BSE & NSE/2019-20 
The Deputy General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI - 400 001 
Fax: 
022-2272 2041 / 22723121 
Aiding Sustainability & 
Reliability to Aquaculture 
02.03.2020 
National Stock Exchange India ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Sandra (East) 
Mumbai -400 051. 
Fax: 022-26598237/38 
Sub: 
Avanti Feeds Limited -Audio Conference Call for Investors conducted on 6th February, 
2020 - Transcript of Audio Conference call - Reg. 
Ref: 
Our letter No: AFL/BSE & NSE/2019-20 dated 05.02.2020 & 06.02.2020 
*** 
Further to our letter cited, we enclose herewith the transcript of Audio Conference Call for 
Investors conducted on 61h February, 2020 in connection with Un-audited Financial Results for 
the Quarter Ended 31st December, 2019. 
This is for your information and record. 
Th_anking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for AVANTI FEEDS LIMITED 
( 
.. 
·'J 
c.: 呸呸A呸呸呸呸呸L呸呸L-, lo 
JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
COMPANY SECRETARY & CFO 
Encl: As above. 
Corporate Oflke: G-2, Concorde Apartments, 6-3-658, 
Somajiguda, Hyderabad-500082, Telanqana State, India. 
呸 +91 ViOl 23310260 /61 f!J +91 (40) 23311604 
{i' www.avantifeeds.com 
avantihoraavantifeeds.com 
Registered Office: Flat No.103, Ground Floor, R Square, 
Pandurangapuram, Visakhapatnam - 530003, 
Andhra Pradesh, India. 
CIN:L16001AP1993PLC095778 

Page 1 
Transcript 
Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 
· Event Date I Time 
Event Duration 
Presentation Session 
61h February 2020, 04:30 PM IST 
01 hr 05 min 01 sec 
Pavitra: 
Sherwin Fernandes: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Good evening, 
Ladies and Gentlemen. 
I 
am 
Pavitra, 
moderator for the conference call. Welcome to the Avanti 
Feeds Limited 3Q 
FY 2020 Post Results Discussion 
Conference Call, 
hosted by KFin Technologies Private 
Limited. At this moment, all participants are in listen-only 
mode. 
Later, 
we will conduct a Question-and-Answer 
Session. At that time, if you have a question, please press* 
and 
1 
on your telephone keypad. 
Please 
note, this 
conference is recorded. 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Sherwin 
Fernandes from KFin Technologies. Over to you, Sir. 
Thank you, Pavitra. A very warm welcome to all present on 
the call. We thank you for your participation in the Q3 FY 
2020 post results earnings call. 
Firstly, 
on 
behalf of Avanti 
Feeds Limited 
and KFin 
Technologies, we would 
like to wish each one of you a 
prosperous 2020. 
The call will be 
initiated with the 
management remarks on Q3 results, followed by the Q&A. 
Management team is represented by Mr. C. Ramachandra 
Rao, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh, Executive 
Director - Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited; Mr. M. 
Venkateswara Rao, GM - Corporate Affairs; and Mr. K. Paidi 
Raju, GM - Finance and Accounts. 
I would now hand over the call to Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao. 
Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Thank you, 
Mr. 
Sherwin. 
Good evening, 
Ladies and 
Gentlemen. 
We extend a warm welcome to you for this 
investors conference call today to review the unaudited 
financial results of Q3 FY 20. 
Along with me here are Mr. K. Paidi Raju, GM - Finance and 
Accounts, Mr. M. V. Rao, GM - Corporate Affairs and other 
team members. 
Mr. Nikhilesh Chowdary - the Executive 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

y,· 
Page 2 
Director, is joining through conference call as he is out of 
station today. 
The results of Q3FY20 are already with you for some time 
now, and we are sure that you would have gone through 
them. 
Before taking up the analysis of results, I would like to make 
a mention of some of the key indicators from the financial 
results. 
Consolidated financial results: 
The comparative performance of Q3FY20 with that of 
Q2FY20 and Q3FY19 have been given in the presentation 
already circulated. Goss revenue from the operations and 
other income of the Q3FY20 has marginally decreased 
compared with Q2FY20 and it marginally increased when 
compared to the Q3FY19. 
However, considering the nature of the industry, it would be 
more appropriate to compare the performance of 9 (Nine) 
months of FY20 with that of Nine months of FY19, as this 
would show a comprehensive performance for the first Nine 
months of the FY20. 
The gross income for the 
nine months of FY20 is Rs. 
3, 139.10 crores as compared to Rs. 2,664.46 crores for 
corresponding period of previous year, registering a growth 
of 17.81 %. 
For the same period, the PBT is Rs. 358.86 crores as 
compared to Rs. 325.51 crores in the corresponding period 
of previous year, with an increase of Rs. 33.35 crores. The 
PBT decreased to 11.43% on gross income from 12.22% 
over the previous period, mainly due to increase in 
raw 
material prices in both feed and processing business. 
The PAT also grew from Rs. 230.42 crores in nine months of 
FY19 to Rs. 287.57 crores in nine months of FY20, 
registering an increase of Rs. 57.15 crores. The PAT 
increased to 9.16% from 8.65% on gross income, which is 
mainly due to opting for reduced tax under new tax 
ordinance -- new tax regime in AFL. 
Feed financial results: 
The gross income for nine months of FY20 is Rs. 2,445.06 
crores 
as 
compared 
to 
Rs. 
2,107.51 
crores 
in 
the 
corresponding period of the previous year, registering a 
growth of Rs. 337.55 crores at 16.02%. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 3 
The PBT for the nine months of FY20 has been increased to 
Rs. 280.45 crores as compared to Rs. 255.28 crores, 
including exceptional items in the corresponding period of 
the previous year with a marginal decrease to 11.47% from 
12.11 % on gross income. 
The PAT went up from Rs. 167.75 crores in nine months of 
FY19 to Rs. 216.72 crores in nine months of FY20, with an 
increase of Rs. 48.97 crores, with an increase to 8.86% from 
7.96% on the gross income. 
Now we come to the reasons for steep fall in the gross profit 
and PBT in Q3FY20 compared to Q2FY20 and also Q3FY19 
for feed business. 
' 
You must have been surprised to see a steep fall in the 
gross profit of Avanti Feeds 
in Q3FY20 compared to 
Q2FY20 and also Q3FY19, which is to the extent of Rs. 76 
crores and Rs. 42 crores, representing a drop of 56% 
Quarter-on-Quarter and 42% on a Year-on-Year basis, 
respectively. 
The major contributing factors are increase in the raw 
material price, discounts given to dealers on sales and 
further due to decrease in sales volume. The composition of 
these three factors is- 
1. 
Increase in RM prices: 
2. 
Increase in Discounts 
3. 
Decrease in Sales 
Total: 
Rs. in Crores 
31.00 
17.00 
28.00 
76.00 
Now let me explain what each one of them really mean. 
Increase in raw material prices: 
lf you look at the RM cost per tonne of feed in Q3FY20 
compared to Q2FY20, it shows that the RM cost per tonne is 
Rs. 55,240 per ton in Q3FY20 as compared to Rs. 52,220 
per ton in Q2FY20, an increase by about Rs. 3,020 per 
tonne. This increase in cost has accounted for Rs. 31 crores 
reduction in the margin of Q3FY 20 over Q2FY20 on the sale 
of 103, 87 4 tonnes of feed in Q3 FY20. 
However, over a period of past three years, the raw material 
cost has gone up by about Rs. 4,500 per metric tonne due to 
increase in RM prices alone. 
In order to recover the 
increase in RM cost, the sale prices of all varieties of shrimp 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 4 
feed has been increased by Rs. 4,800 per metric tonne 
effective from 27th January, 2020. 
In this context, I would like to share with you that the prices 
of soya bean meal kept on increasing unabatedly during 02 
and Q3FY20, in spite of the fact that the fresh crop arrives 
into market by end of October and in November, which is 
delayed during the period in which normally the prices tend 
to come down. This is attributed to shortage of soya bean 
crop by about 25% to 30% this year due to unseasonal rains 
and floods and also lesser oil content in the seed. 
Further, the Minimum Support Price was also increased by 
the Government by 10%. As a cumulative effect, the soya 
bean meal price increased by about Rs. 4 per Kg in these 
two quarters. 
The prices of fish meal also increased due to reduced 
catches and also shortage for about 45 days due to agitation 
by fish meal manufacturers against imposition of 5% GST on 
fish meal. The increase was about Rs. 3 per Kg in Q3FY20. 
The wheat flour also kept increasing month-on-month basis, 
adding to the cost of raw materials. So overall, the cost has 
increased. 
Increase in discounts: 
Now coming to the other contributing factor is the discount. 
The margin in Q3FY20 decreased by about Rs. 17 crores 
compared to Q2FY20 due to increase in the amount of 
discounts given to the feed dealers. It is a trade practice that 
the discounts are crystallized on the basis of volume of sales 
made by a dealer during a calendar year i.e. January to 
December. 
During 2019, the discounts accounted for Rs. 15, 196 per 
tonne as against Rs. 14,849 per tonne in previous year i.e. 
is 2018, with an increase of Rs. 347 per tonne. 
In order to increase the sales volume, market share and 
improved sales against payment in the highly competitive 
and credit market environment, the company had to increase 
the discounts in the form of turnover discount, early or 
prompt payment discount by undertaking rationalization of 
discount structure in 2019. 
This has resulted in increase of discounts by about Rs. 34 7 
per tonne. 
As the crystallization of actual discounts are 
made as on 31st December of every year on the basis of the 
actual sales, any increase gets loaded into this quarter, 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 5 
which is almost applicable for throughout the year. This is a 
normal practice. and since there is an increase in discounts 
in 2019 over 2018, the impact is seen in Q3. 
This strategy of rationalizing the discount structure worked 
out effectively, which could be seen from the increase in 
sales of 2019 at 4, 7 4,294 metric tonnes as compared to 
4,20,334 metric tons in 2018, registering an increase of 
50,960 metric tonnes. This discount structure is reviewed 
every year and formulated taking 
into consideration the 
market situation and other factors. 
The third and other important contributing factor for decrease 
in the margin is decrease in sales volume. The reduction in 
profit to the extent of about Rs. 28 crores is attributable to 
the decrease in volume 03FY20 as against 02FY20. The 
decrease in sales is a seasonal factor. And normally in the 
October, November, December, it is a receding season for 
shrimp culture as all of you know. 
Shrimp processing financial results: 
The gross income during the nine months of FY20 grew to 
Rs. 695.91 crores from Rs. 560.53 crores in nine months of 
FY 2019, registering an increase of Rs. 135.38 crores at 
24.15%. 
The PBT in the nine months of FY20 is Rs. 77.72 crores as 
compared to Rs. 69.50 crores in nine months of FY19, with 
an increase of Rs. 8.22 crores. 
However, 
in terms of 
percentage, the PBT has declined to 11.17% on gross 
income from 12.40% on the corresponding period of the 
previous year, mainly due to increase in RM prices without 
corresponding increase in the export realization. 
Shrimp Hatchery: 
Long-awaited and much delayed hatchery with 200 million 
seed capacity - as the first phase, the construction has 
almost 
been 
completed, 
awaiting 
certain 
statutory 
clearances to start. 
It is expected to commence production 
in a couple of months from now. 
Industry overview: 
In the just completed 2019 year, the shrimp culture in India 
saw much needed stabilization compared in highly volatile 
and uncertain conditions in 2018. 
The shrimp production 
estimated to have registered a growth of about 9% to 10% 
over 2018 at 7.40 lakh tonnes compared with about 6. 7 5 
lakh tonnes in 2018. Shrimp feed consumption is estimated 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 6 
to have registered growth of about 8% at 11 ,50,000 tonnes 
in 2019 compared to 10,20,000 tonnes in 2018. 
Feeds Sales of Avanti Feeds Ltd: 
Coming to the sales of the company. 
As you know, the 
company has not only been keeping its farmers base intact, 
it is also adding new farmers and new areas to its sales 
network year-after-year. 
As a result, the market share of the feed has gone up from 
45% to 48% during the nine months of FY20 and this will 
assure about 5 lakh tonnes sales as against 4.22 lakh 
tonnes in FY19 as the culture scenario is not expected to 
have major changes during this quarter of Q4FY20. 
Shrimp processing and exports: 
As per the presentation made at Global Aquaculture Alliance 
(GOAL), 
during the 
last quarter 
in Chennai, 
shrimp 
aquaculture production is projected at CAGR of 4.9% from 
2015to2021. 
According to this report, after recording a growth of 5% in 
2018 over 2017, (6% to 11 %), the growth is projected flat 
with a nominal increase of 1 % in 2019. 
Thereafter, 
it is 
projected to grow at 5% annually till 2021. 
However, basing on shrimp production and exports from 
India in 2019, which is estimated to be around 7.50 lakh 
tonnes to 8 lakh tonnes. 
It is estimated that in 2020, the 
shrimp production may go up to 8.00 lakh tons - 8.50 lakh 
tons with an anticipated growth by 8.25% over 2019, subject 
to stable export market and shrimp prices and favorable 
shrimp culture environment. 
As far as the Company is concerned, during the nine months 
of FY20, 9,781 tons of processed shrimps were exported as 
compared to 8,215 tonnes during the corresponding period 
of FY19, registering an increase of 1 ,566 tonnes with a 
growth of 19.06%. 
The combined capacity utilization of both the plants during 
nine months of FY20 is 66% as compared to 50% during the 
corresponding period of FY19. The company envisages to 
achieve a combined capacity utilization of about 70% by end 
of FY20. 
During nine months of FY20, 2,712 tonnes of value-added 
products were exported as compared 2,021 tonnes during 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 7 
the corresponding period of FY19, registering a growth of 
34.19%. It is endeavor of the company to focus on export of 
value-added products will also increase export to other than 
U.S. markets. 
Government support: 
As anticipated, recent budget presented in the Lok Sabha by 
Honorable 
Finance 
Minister 
on 
1st 
February, 
2020, 
emphasis has been laid on the need for focus on growth of 
fisheries sector with a target of fishing product exports to Rs. 
1 lakh crores by 2024-2025 and proposed to involve youth in 
fishery extension through 3,4 77 Sagar Mitra and 500 fish 
farmer producer organizations. 
Further details of the measures going to be adopted by the 
Government 
is 
awaited. 
Hopefully, 
these 
measures 
implemented in the right earnest will go a long way in the 
growth of the seafood industry. 
With this preamble, now we will take up the questions from 
you. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
Question-and-Answer Session. 
If you have a question, 
please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for 
your turn to ask the question. 
If you would like to withdraw 
your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. 
Participants are kindly requested to restrict with two 
questions in the initial round and join back the queue for 
further questions. 
Pavitra: 
We have first question from Falguni Dutta from Jet Age 
Securities. Please go ahead with your question. Sir, it looks 
like participant line is not active. 
1 am moving to the next 
question. We have next question from Ayush Mittal from 
NAPL Value Investing Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Good afternoon, sir. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Hello. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Can you hear me? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Good afternoon. Yes. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Sir, in reference to the price increase taken by the company 
to offset the raw material price increase, can you share more 
about how the price increase has been taken by the market? 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 8 
Other players also have increased the price or only Avanti 
has increased the price as of now? And how is the reaction 
as of now from your dealer network? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
See, we know till now, almost all the feed manufacturers 
have increased their prices, I am talking about big players. 
They all have increased. 
Ayush Mittal: 
It is a uniform increase of Rs. 4 to Rs. 5 approximately per 
kg? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
No, that we cannot say. Because each company has its own 
policy of pricing. Therefore, naturally it differs from company 
to company. 
So, more or less, we can say between, Rs. 
4.80 and Rs. 5, within that range, everybody has taken. 
Again, it depends upon the individual structuring of the 
pricing and all, the increase will be determined. There is no 
uniform increase like that. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay. Sir, second question is, like, now we are in February 
and this is the start of the new key season that starts. So as 
per you estimate, you have shared about that you are 
expecting 10% industry growth. 
Is that the right number? 
What kind of expectation are you seeing for the upcoming 
season, basically? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
See, the coming season means, I would put it this way, Mr. 
Ayush Mittal. The culture, as you know, is on the basis of 
calendar year. We always take it from January to December. 
So, we had about 4,27 ,000 tonnes of feed sales in 2019. 
We are expecting about slightly- may be more than about 5 
lakh tons. So that would mean about 75,000 tons increase 
in the sales, which accounts for about roughly 12%. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
About 12% increase it is -- this 5 lakh tonnes. 
Ayush Mittal: 
In -- volume increase of 12% you are expecting for the 
coming year, calendar year 2020 - 2021? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes, 2020-2021. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay. 
Fantastic. 
Sir, 
in reference to the coronavirus in 
Chinese market, has this impacted any of the export market 
or the pricing as of now? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Which one? 
Company Speaker: 
Chinese. 
Alluri Nikhi/esh Chowdary: Hi. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Ayush Mittal: 
Hi. 
Page 9 
Alluri Nikhi/esh Chowdary: So Ayush, it is very, very preliminary to answer anything. 
There is no movement in the market. 
It is stable right now. 
The Chinese are not working because the government has 
extended the Lunar holiday. And the only news that we have 
from the Chinese market right now is that they are not 
working any containers on the -- on transits and asking for 
the extra free time for demurrage because even the ports 
and everything, the country is in a kind of a crisis at the 
moment. So, they are just waiting to see how it progresses. 
But as of now, the market is stable. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay. 
Nikhilesh, one more question for you on the 
processing side. 
As we can see from the numbers and 
performance, we are doing very well on the processing side 
and doing more value-added products. 
What is your 
expectation for the coming year on the processing side? 
Alluri Nikhilesh Chowdary: So, as we have said in the past several investor calls, we 
expect to keep building on this. That is what we are looking 
at in the coming quarters as well, coming years as well. We 
are still building up our capacity utilization, adding more 
accounts into our company and adding more products. And 
that is the focus going forward as well. 
And I am very 
confident we can move as positively as we are moving 
today. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay. And any risk on the incentive that we get from the 
government on this side? 
Alluri Nikhilesh Chowdary: The government has already given their idea saying that 
they are going to remove certain export incentives, but they 
have also 
said with the same breath that they will 
compensate on -- in other ways and they are working on it. 
So, there is nothing for me to comment at the moment. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay, thank you. 
Alluri Nikhi/esh Chowdary: Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Nitesh: 
We have next question from Sahil Doshi from Birla Sun Life. 
Please go ahead. 
This is Nitesh over here, not Sahil. 
I do not know why it is -- 
I mean, still calling in. May be because the number is on his 
name. Any which way, sir, thank you very much for the call. 
So, I have two questions. Number one is on the movement 
of raw material prices, both the soya as well as fish meal. 
What is the trend now? 
I mean, are they continue to go up 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 10 
even in Jan and Feb? Or they are at the similar level what 
you witness in Q3? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. See, the present situation is that the crop is down by 
about 20% - 25%. but we are expecting that the prices will 
stabilize because of the other suppliers like Brazil and all the 
U.S. suppliers of soya bean meal, the import is not allowed 
into India because they are all GMO soya bean meal. 
So 
that is why the Indian product is, to the extent whatever is 
available, is only for Indian consumption. 
So, the soya 
processors expect that price will stabilize 5% that way or this 
way in the coming months. See, because normally, the crop 
comes in the month of October, November. 
So, whatever 
that is there, it is now being raised but there was a holding in 
the initial stages. 
But we expect that this holding of seed, 
will now ease because there was a rumor that the 
Government again go for another increase of MSP. 
But so 
far, nothing has happened. We are expecting that the prices 
will more or less stabilize at this level, may be 5% this way or 
that way. 
Nitesh: 
Okay. And what about fish meal, sir? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. 
Fish meal - They have levied 5% GST from 1st 
October, 2019. 
So, the catches are now stable. In the last 
couple of months, there was shortage of catches also. Now 
it is slightly improved. 
But still the catches are not stable, 
they are on and off because the shortage is there. 
But the 
price is same, around Rs.98 per Kg- Rs.99 per Kg, it is 
around that. 
Nitesh: 
Okay. 
So just to put it, I mean, in some other words, the 
price hikes, the feed price hike which you have taken, I 
mean, from January, does it adequately compensate for the 
increase in raw material prices which you have seen in 03 
as well as in, say, Jan, Feb? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. 
Nitesh: 
Or what more details are required? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
See, as you know that we have not resorted to price 
increase for the past five years. We have been just waiting 
because we are supporting the farmers, the industry, the 
aquaculture activity for five years. 
But the situation has 
come to the state that it is beyond limit -- I mean beyond our 
control to really hold on to that side. So, we had to take the 
increase and we have convinced the dealers and the farmers 
also. They are also for the prices are going up. But here, I 
would like to say that the price component is around Rs. 
4.50/ Kg over the past three to four years and there is a GST 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 11 
component which is coming to around Rs. 2.5 to Rs. 3, 
which still we are taking into our account because we have 
not been able to pass on this GST, because the GST is not 
there on Feed. Feed is exempt from GST. So, this Rs. 2.5 
to Rs.3 is still borne by us. 
But this has already been 
factored into our accounts ever since the GST has been 
introduced. Only addition is the fish meal which is another 
5%. But we continue to take that burden. And nevertheless, 
we will be able to maintain the margins. 
We have been 
maintaining in 2017- 2018 and 2018-2019 because these 
factors have already been taken into account. As far as the 
raw material price increase is concerned, this increase, we 
hope will take care of it fully. 
Nitesh: 
Great. Lovely. All right, sir. Thank you very much. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from Anirudh Joshi 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
Yes. 
Sir, regarding the Chinese market, so are we also 
impacted 
in terms of, 
means, 
our revenues are also 
impacted 
in China? 
And the second question, 
is the 
company has taken some increase in price hikes? So, is the 
price hike equivalent to the entire increase in raw material 
prices? 
Basically, per tonne, have we raised the same 
prices already now? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
See, I will first answer this -- your question regarding the 
price, then Mr. Nikhilesh will answer you about the Chinese 
market. 
The price that we have taken now will fully take care of the 
raw material price increase. Only that which is uncovered is 
the GST portion of it. GST will remain to be absorbed by the 
company. As far as the raw material price increase, the 
increase in Feed price will take care of it. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
Okay. 
So, if the GST is implemented and there is no GST 
on our products, right? So, we cannot really set off the GST 
that we are paying with any GST that we can spend? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Correct. So, as per some quarters, it is being proposed to 
levy GST on the feed also. But because being an agri-based 
product, rural economy, they may or may not levy the 5% 
GST. 
If they levy 5% GST, then we will set off the entire 
GST that we are paying on the inputs. We will get the credit 
for it, so the entire amount will be ending up paying only Re. 
0.50 to Re. 0.75 on per ton - per kg GST on Feed. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
Okay. And sir, in terms of China, do you see the demand 
from China hurting entire global demand-supply cycle of 
shrimp? 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 12 
Al/uri Nikhilesh Chowdary: So, coming into the Chinese market, there are a two things 
that you have asked. The first one, whether it impacts the 
company directly? So, if you see the presentation that we 
have provided, the total exports that goes to Chinese market 
are 4% of the total sales. So, the volume exposure is very 
little. 
But then the potential of the market to grow in China 
and it being a driver for the growth of the company is very 
high because we have been telling this for a long time. But I 
do not see any large impact. 
If anything, it can be only a 
temporary effect. 
Because on the 
long-term, Chinese 
market will continue to consume. Seafood is the big driver in 
the Chinese market, big population, good buying power, lot 
of openness of eating seafood predominantly. So, nothing -- 
no major impact in the long run, definitely would not see 
anything. 
And on the flip side, 
l am looking at it more 
optimistically. Once all this is over, 1 think there will be more 
demand since they have to replace all the products which is 
produced in China or what is there in the existing markets 
with products from outside. That is what how I see it. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Okay, thank you. 
I will add to what Mr. Nikhilesh said. 
See as far as our 
company is concerned, our exposure to Chinese market is 
very minimal because we have exports mostly going to U.S. 
So, there is no -- practically no impact on our exports market. 
Am I right, Nikhilesh? 
AJ/uri Nikhilesh Chowdary: Yes, sir. Only 4% that can be easily diverted to another 
market. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. So, it is negligible. And moreover, what we see in the 
news and all, there is lot of effort being made to contain the 
spread of this Corona Virus and l am sure that Chinese will 
be capable of doing it. And once this is controlled, l think 
normalcy will be restored. And as Mr. Nikhilesh said, it will 
pick up again in a short while from now. 
Alluri Nikhilesh Chowdary: Thanks. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
Pavitra: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. Okay, thank you. 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from Nitin Awasthi 
East India Securities. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. 
Just taking ahead, the 
question that was asked before, although our exposure to 
China seems limited, and I agree that in the whole space of 
things, we are a more U.S. focused company. 
I just wanted 
your thoughts on whether Ecuador's product could hurt the 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 13 
market because Ecuador could be in a season where it was 
proposed to supply a lot to China and because this halt has 
happened, could that hurt the overall thing -- scheme of 
things? 
Alluri Nikhi/esh Chowdary: Hi, Nitin. 
I hope you are doing well. 
To answer your 
question, Ecuador's primary export market is China. 
They 
do not produce a large portion, I mean, more than 70%, 80% 
of the production is the head-on, shell-on or the headless 
shell-on which they do not really get into the value-added 
products. 
So, for them, like I was saying before this, what 
we see in the Chinese position is a very temporary thing. 
It 
is not a long-term effect. 
But even for them to go into the 
U.S. market, they are not equipped to get into the value 
addition processes. 
It is too short for them to get in 
overnight. So, I do not see a major effect. But definitely, we 
need to look at how the virus and everything is panning out 
over the next several weeks because that would alter the 
dynamics not only of the seafood business but the whole 
global trade situation. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
And Nikhilesh, if I could add, as to the previous question, 
how are the inquiries for the U.S. after the new year, the post 
new year inquiries which you are getting for the product? 
Have they halted? Or have they started in resuming the -- 
picking up product for the new year? 
Alluri Nikhi/esh Chowdary: So, this season traditionally is the low season. 
The 
inquiries are lower compared to the previous quarters. That 
is, historically, it is the same. There is no big change, the 
demand that we are seeing - the 
inquiries that we are 
getting is more stable. The thing that even we need to focus 
on is even the buyers in the U.S., the whole trade, they are 
looking at how this virus pans out because even in the U.S., 
there is an emergency; even in China there is emergency. 
So, even they are trying to assess what is happening. Right 
now, people are assessing. But inquiries are still there. We 
are still getting inquiries. We are still talking to customers. 
We are still sending out samples for next year to for the new 
contracts. 
So, the business is as normal. 
But on the 
inquiries, people are seeing what is happening in the market 
before concluding any big deals, and that is very, very, very 
normal. 
Nitin Awasth,i: 
Okay. And sir, just last -- one last question. On the export 
incentives, what is the current rate that we got for the 
quarter? 
Alluri Nikhi/esh Chowdary: Can we check and get back? 
I am not in the office right 
now. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Pavitra: 
R. K. Laddha: 
Pavitra: 
R. K. Laddha: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
R. K. Laddha: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
R. K. Laddha: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Page 14 
See, at present, we are getting the MEIS of 7% and 2.7% of 
duty drawback. These are the incentives now. 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much, I will join back the queue. 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from R. K. Laddha 
from Yash Investments. Please go ahead. 
Thank you, sir for giving me the opportunity. 
I just want to 
know that is there any there area under cultivation 
is 
increasing? 
Sir, could you please repeat your question, sir? 
Can you hear me now, sir? Can you hear me, sir? 
Now it is better. Yes. 
Hello. Whether there is area under cultivation is increasing 
substantially or it is very slow process? 
There 
is no significant increase 
in the area but the 
production is increasing because the farmers are going for 
bigger size of shrimps with the tonnage going up. That is 
how the feed consumption as well as the production goes 
up. The area still remains more or less on the same level. 
We have to see this season. This current year, we have to 
wait and see. But the last year, there was no big increase in 
the area. 
Okay. Okay. 
Sir, and next question is, what are the farm 
gate prices trend? 
Farm gate prices, I think ... 
Alluri Nikhilesh Chowdary: The farm gate prices are stable. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
R. K. Laddha: 
Yes, stable. 
Are they about 450 to 480? 
Alluri Nikhilesb Chowdary: It depends on what size you are looking at. 
R. K. Laddha: 
Pavitra: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from Shalini Gupta 
from Quantum Securities. Please go ahead. 
呸E呸 
($/呸\ 
呸呸呸呸呸呸呸呸呸T-
r
a_n_s_
c
,-
·
ip-
t
-
-
C-o_n_fu_r_
e
n_c_e_C_a_
l
l-
o
-
f
A_v_a-
n
t-
i
-
F
e_e_d_
s
_
L
-
i
rn-
i
t-
e
d呸呸呸呸呸呸呸t呸:-4--呸 !J
呸
' 
't-7\呸 
呸!3.t呸'<f}· 

Shalini Gupta: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Sha/ini Gupta: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Sha/ini Gupta: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Shalini Gupta: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Shalini Gupta: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Shalini Gupta: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Shalini Gupta: 
Page 15 
Sir, I just wanted to be sure about what is your outlook for 
the year, i.e. calendar year 2020. Sir, if I have understood it 
correctly, you are saying there is going to -- likely going to be 
a 12% increase in volumes and you have taken a price hike. 
So, you should be able to maintain margins. 
Is that correct? 
Yes. 
Okay. 
And sir, I wanted to understand, I mean, this year, 
your margins have broadly -- if I 
look at it on a long-term 
basis, this year, your margins are back to where they have 
been on a long-term basis. 
So, these are the kind of 
margins we should expect going forward? 
See, the margins will be the same. 
It will not -- neither 
decrease nor increase. 
It will be the same level because 
whatever the price increase that we have taken is only to 
recover the raw material prices. So, the -- percentage -- the 
profit in terms of percentage remains almost stable in 2020. 
Sure. And sir, the second question is that, see, we have had 
one soya bean crop in around October, November. 
Now 
when is the next soya bean crop expected? 
There is only one crop, madam, per year, which comes in 
October. 
The sowing starts somewhere in March, April -- 
April, it comes in September, October. That is the only one 
crop. 
Okay. So -- and we cannot import? 
We cannot import because there is a ban on import of GMO 
soya. Mostly all countries, other countries, they are making 
only GMO soya. 
Okay. 
And sir, lastly, if you can give the breakup of raw 
material into soya and fish meal? 
Madam, that is a combination. 
We cannot share that 
information. It is a proprietary information. 
That is fine, sir. Just for our modeling, I mean, if you can say 
60% soya bean and 40%. 
I mean, you do not have to give 
me exact numbers at all, just give me approximate. 
So, we gave you the major raw material cost, madam. 
Please do not ask us to give the breakup and the details 
which we cannot share. 
It is completely confidential. 
Okay. Let me just ask you. Soya is a bigger component or 
fish meal is the bigger component? 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 16 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Madam, whichever way you put the question, the answer is 
the same. See, the permutations and combinations depend 
on so many factors. 
It is done by a team of formulators, 
experts on that, taking into account the protein requirement, 
etc. 
So, we cannot tell you what exactly is proportion and 
whether it is more or less. 
I am sorry for it. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Sure. No. No. No problem, sir. 
1 understand. Sir, what is 
the outlook on fish meal prices now? Fish meal is basically 
wheat, right? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Fish meal is, what? 
Shalini Gupta: 
Wheat, wheat. 
C, Ramachandra Rao: 
No. No. 
Shalini Gupta: 
No? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
No, it is fish meal. when the fish is caught from the sea, it is 
cooked under, they take out the oil from it. And whatever is 
remaining, that they spray dry it and convert it into meal, fish- 
meal. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Okay. But sir, there is a shortage of fish and ... 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Oil is extracted from that. Right. Yes. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Sir, there is a shortage of fish because of overfishing and all 
that. So, fish meal prices will always keep going up. There 
is no way you can actually increase the supply of fish -- fish 
in the sea. 
C, Ramachandra Rao: 
Madam, may I ask you why you asked this question? 
Because if you look at -- if you look at the Budget given by 
Madam Nirmala Sitharaman, the fisheries, they want to 
increase the fishing - particularly fishing in sea. There are 
several measures, for example, in the countries like Chile 
and Peru, they control a lot to see the growth of the fish in 
the sea, right from the juvenile fish is not caught and they fix 
the range in which a fishing boat can gci for fishing, all these 
restrictions and the seasonality, and they take all care to see 
that the fish grows. And that is what, in fact the Government 
of India is also thinking on that. 
There is a huge budget 
given to this particular sector in this Budget. 
We are 
awaiting the details shortly. 
But definitely, the efforts are 
being made to increase ocean fish also. 
That is being a 
focus area by the government now. 
It is not that we cannot 
increase. We can increase. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 17 
Sha/ini Gupta: 
Okay. So, sir, right now, outlook on ... 
Pavitra: 
Could you please join back the queue for further questions, 
ma'am, sorry. 
Sha/ini Gupta: 
Just one last question. 
Is the outlook on fish meal prices 
stable now? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes, yes. It is stable now. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, ma'am. 
We have next question from Puneet 
Mittal from Global Core Capital. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Mittal: 
Hi. Hello, can you hear me? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. Yes, we can hear you. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Mittal: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. 
I think I am just taking 
forward on some of the questions that are being asked on 
the raw material. And from what 1 understand is that you 
have taken a price hike which 
is proportionate to the 
increase in raw material price, but you still have an impact of 
about Rs. 2 to Rs. 3 of the GST input, which you do not get 
credit for. Is that correct? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes, you are right. 
Puneet Mittal: 
So, does that mean, because the Rs. 2 to Rs. 3 per kg is still 
and about 3% to 5% impact on your gross margin. 
So, I 
think the last year's gross margin was about 20 odd percent 
and EBITDA margin was about 15 odd percent. 
Do you 
think we will be able to keep those margins? Or the new 
normalized margins are lower than those margins, given the 
raw material prices stay here? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. The GST impact is not so much. 
It is not 5%. 
lt is 
hardly less than 1 % maximum. 
It is not more than 1 %. And 
we hope that -- the other thing is that the crops - agri-based 
products like wheat flour or soya bean meal keep changing, 
the prices keep changing when the good crop comes. It was 
unfortunate that the last October. the soya crop was less 
because of the unseasonal rains, floods, etc. But in the next 
year, the good rains -- and also good crop, the prices will 
come down. 
So, this is a fluctuation. Similarly, in case of 
fish meal also, if the fish catches are good, fish meal prices 
get stabilized. Even in the wheat flour, now we are going to 
get new wheat crop in another 15 days to 20 days. And as of 
now, the information is that we are going to get a record crop 
of wheat this year. So, once wheat comes out, definitely, we 
are expecting the wheat prices would marginally come down. 
It is not in a big drop, but definitely the prices will marginally 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 18 
come down which will be in our favour. 
So, considering all 
these factors, we expect that the price of the raw materials 
keeps stable and whatever the price hike that we have taken 
will take care of the price hike in the future also for the whole 
of this year. 
Puneet Mittal: 
Okay. Great. That is a very clear explanation. Thank you, 
The second question is that if I look at the assets of under 
your shrimp feed has gone up dramatically from Rs. 634 
crores to Rs. 845 crores. So, is there some reclassification 
of the assets? Or what is that related to? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Just let us check with you, sir. Sorry, could you repeat the 
question, please? 
Puneet Mittal: 
If I see the breakdown that you have given of shrimp feed 
assets and liabilities from September 30th, it has gone up . . 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Shrimp feed assets. Yes. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Hello. Hello? 
Puneet Mittal: 
Yes. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
We will check and come back on this point. We are just 
verifying. We will go to the next question in the meanwhile. 
Puneet Mittal: 
Sure. Sir, one last question, I think this has been highlighted 
on previous conference calls as well. 
It is naturally the 
question of the cash utilization and given the changes in 
DDT, there is probably an arbitrage on buyback now. 
Is the 
management, l mean, probably it is too early, but you would 
request the Board to consider buyback given the situation 
with the arbitrage that is there in the market now against 
DDT. So that is just a request to seriously reconsider that 
buybacks of shares. Thank you. That is all from me. Thank 
you. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Sure. We will place it to before the Board. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir. 
We have next question from Jogansh 
Jeswani from Mitylene Company. Please go ahead. 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
Hi, sir. 
Thanks for the opportunity. 
Sir, can you please 
share the average raw material cost of soya and fish meal 
for 03? What was it? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. We will tell you. Yes. The average -- one second. 
See, the average cost -- 03 the soya cost per kg is Rs. 44. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 19 
The 02, it was Rs. 40. And 01 2020, it was Rs. 41. 04 
2019, it was Rs. 39 per Kg. 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
Okay. 
Okay. You would like to go back further or -- 03 2019, it was 
Rs. 37. 
That will be good, sir. And fish meal, sir, similarly. 
Yes. Fish meal, let us see. Yes, fish meal. 0320 is Rs. 94 
per Kg. 02, it was Rs. 88 per Kg. 
Okay. 
And it was Rs. 86 per Kg in 01 20. 
Okay. And sir, what is it currently, both soya and fish? 
Pardon me. 
January end what would be soya and fish meal prices, sir? 
January prices are almost -- fish meal is at about Rs. 98- 
Rs. 99 per Kg. And this is about Rs. 45 - 46 per Kg present 
soya. 
Okay. Understood, sir. Sir, so if I understood your price hike 
correctly, so earlier we have maintained our guidance that in 
feed segment around 12% operating margin is sustainable. 
And now because of this RM price hike that we saw and the 
price hike we have taken in feed. So, do we think we will be 
again able to go back to that 12%, 13% operating margin for 
feed segment? 
Yes, it should be around 10% to 12%, we should be able to 
maintain. 
It should not be a problem. 
1 am talking about 
going forward. Because the price hike we have taken was 
really -- it will reflect only in February and March of this 04 
and rest of the year, 2020. So, the impact will be more in the 
coming year, 2021. 
Understood, sir. And sir, lastly, my question is around cash 
balance that we have. 
So, any plans of management of 
utilizing that cash in terms of any other project that we want 
to take up? Because in the past, we have mentioned about 
taking up few other projects. But so far, we have not heard 
anything. 
So, 
any thoughts of management around 
utilization of that? 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Jogansh Jeswani: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Pavitra: 
Manoj Garg: 
Page 20 
The management is ceased of the matter. We are investing 
in Mutual Funds whatever the cash reserves are there. But 
we cannot invest in the projects without going thoroughly 
under the present circumstances. We want to see whatever 
the investments we make, we should give a better yield and 
also better value addition to stakeholders. 
That is the 
objective. that is why we are still working on the projects, the 
viability of the projects for any future investments. So still, it 
is under progress, of identifying the suitable projects. 
Fair enough, sir. 
That is it from my side, sir. 
Good luck. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. 
Thank you, sir. 
We have next question from Manoj Garg 
from White Oak Capital. Please go ahead. 
Yes. Good evening, and thanks for taking my question. So 
Nikhilesh, like if we look at the export data, shrimp export 
from India, we have been seeing over the last couple of 
months, a very strong growth of around 20% to 25% kind of 
range. 
But if we look at our numbers for this quarter, we 
have shown around 16%, 17% kind of growth despite like we 
have a lot more focus on the value additions. So, could you 
please throw some light on this? 
Al/uri Nikhilesh Chowdary: So, are you talking about the exports from India -- the 
exports from India or any particular market? 
Manoj Garg: 
So, 
I 
am talking about overall 
shrimp export across 
geographies. And even U.S. also has been pretty strong. 
Afluri Nikhilesh Chowdary: Sir, from what I am seeing in export data and also our 
export data where we are in line of what is happening, we 
have demonstrated a double-digit growth in our exports. We 
are building the business continuously. And I firmly believe 
that in line with the total export market and we will continue 
to grow so. There are maybe some exports which I am not 
sure, what category of exports that you are talking about, the 
whole seafood category or only the shrimp category, but I do 
not know how that data has affected, but normally in line 
from what I am seeing, we are increasing the sales to our 
existing consumers and also adding new customers and also 
adding more products which is enabling us to sell -- keep up 
the double-digit growth. And that is a very healthy growth for 
a company. And this growth is being demonstrated every 
quarter for the last, I think, 8 to 12 quarters as well. So, you 
can expect that we can still continue to build the business 
step by step. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Manoj Garg: 
Page 21 
Yes. 
Sir, I was only referring to shrimp export only, but 
maybe I will just see, you know, because I think this is 
largely towards the U.S. market where last two, three months 
the growth has been between 20% to 25% kind of range. 
Alluri Nikhilesh Chowdary: Can I take a look at it. 
I am not sure what numbers you 
are referring to. 
Manoj Garg: 
Sure, sure. Yes. I will do that. The second thing, like, while 
you have taken the price hike only on the 28th of Jan, and it 
is just 10 days. 
But if you can highlight about the initial 
reaction of the farmers, given the farmer -- farm gate prices 
have been still, you say, more or less stable. So that means 
that the cost of feed is going to increase at least 7%, 8% to 
them. And given feed is a major cost component, do you 
think that there may be some slowdown which may happen 
or there may be some impact on the profitability of farmer 
because of this? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
So, we do not foresee that because before taking this price 
increase, we had extensive discussions with the dealers and 
farmers. And as you know that we have not increased the 
price for the past five years and we have been taking the 
entire burden on account of increasing the price ourselves. 
And this has been well received by the farmers also. There 
was no resistance at all, neither from the dealers nor from 
the farmers. 
They are fully understood and they are 
cooperating and we do not foresee any resistance and -- 
from the farming community or the dealers as far as the feed 
is concerned. 
Manoj Garg: 
Sure. And sir ... 
Alluri Nikhilesh Chowdary: Sir just to add, I am sorry to interrupt, just to go back, I just 
pulled out the figures very quickly. Year-to-date, I see the 
exports from India to the U.S. up 15%, but 1 think our 
company has done better than that. We cannot take only the 
last few months into account because the last few months 
our product is still in transit. 
So, we have not realized the 
sale yet. 
Manoj Garg: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. Got it. 
Alluri Nikhilesh Chowdary: So, it was in line, a little bit better than what is being 
exported out of India. 
Manoj Garg: 
Sure. That is very helpful. 
So, Mr. 
Rao, like just to the 
question, basically, if you look at few competitors have a little 
higher price in terms of their feed. 
I think we used to sell it 
around Rs. 65 per kg and some of the competitors are 
selling around Rs. 70, Rs. 71, though they offer maybe 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Manoj Garg: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Manoj Garg: 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Page 22 
higher receivable or credit days to the distributor. But do you 
think that may be some of your competitors' resort to taking 
the hit on the margins at the cost of may be gaining the 
volume share? 
Have you seen any such kind of behavior 
from your competitors so far in the feed business? 
The present situation is that no feed manufacturer is in a 
position to take hit on both sides. 
Number one, on the 
increase in the raw material side; the second is extending 
credit. See, once the credit is extended - the recovery is a 
big problem. So invariably, they have to offer the pricing. As 
far as the farmer is concerned, it has to be may be few -- 4% 
or 5% this way or that way, the price has to be the same for 
the farmer as far as the purchase of feed cost is concerned. 
He cannot afford to give more nor the supplier cannot 
increase the price just because giving on credit. 
It is very 
difficult for both of them. And recovery is going to be a very 
big challenge for the suppliers on credit. So, coming to the 
backtracks it -- the price at the -- to the farmer should be 
more or less same from all the feed manufacturers, about 
4% to 5% difference, a variance at the side or that side. But 
most important is the the quality of the feed that has to be 
consistent and they should be able to get better FCR. 
Number two, the as far as farmer is concerned, that is very 
important. 
As far as the manufacturer is concerned, they 
have to be very careful about credit and also as much as 
possible cash. 
Say, 
I mean, partly payment or prompt 
payment should get it from the dealers. And through them, 
the farmers have to cooperate with them and by on cash. 
So, on account of price, there cannot be much they leave it 
for playing by the manufacturers. 
Sure. That is very helpful. Sir, just the last question from my 
side, sir. 
Given that February, you get a good sense in 
terms of the first cropping, which is likely to start in few 
weeks. 
I just want to get your sense that how you see the 
first cropping at this time, overall? 
It is very good, very encouraging. 
The stockings have 
already started in the January itself. The January, February 
stockings are very encouraging and the feed movement is 
also picking up. 
So, we see a good production in the first 
crop. 
Great, sir. Wish you all the best. And that is all from my 
side. 
Thank you very much. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir. Last question for the day comes from Dipesh 
Kashyap from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 23 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Sir, can you tell me what are the applicable tax rates in the 
feed and the processing segment, please? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
The tax rate, the -- in the feed, it is 25% - 25% is that we 
have opted for reduced tax which -- that was introduced last 
year because we do not have any deductions as such. So, 
we have gone for the 25% tax slab option. 
But as far as the processing division is concerned, we are 
continuing old regime since the processing plant has 100% 
exemption for first five years which is around 30 plus. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
So, processing will be 17% MAT rate, right? 
In the next 
period? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. 
Company Speaker: 
That is 15%. 
Company Speaker: 
15% 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
It will be 15% plus surcharge. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Yes, plus surcharge and everything else. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Right. Sir, the hatchery business that you are setting up, will 
that part of your subsidiary or your standalone business? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
It is part of the Avanti Feeds itself. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Okay. So standalone business. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Hatchery division, yes. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Sir, are we planning to do increase of processing of feed 
capacity in the coming year? Are there any CapEx plans? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
We are just working on that. We have to see -- you know the 
first crop will really give us an indicator, how it is going to be. 
We will come out with more details basing on the moment of 
feed, the demand for feed in the first crop. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Right. So right now, sir, we are almost done with setting up 
of the 200 million seed hatchery capacity, right? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. Yes. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 

Page 24 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
So, what kind of revenue can we expect from that, sir in the 
next year? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
It is not much. Actually it is Rs. 0.35. 
Company Speaker: 
Rs. 0.35 to 200 million. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
So Rs. 7 crores, you are saying. Rs. 7 crores we can expect 
from this. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes, Rs. 7 crores. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
And sir, the margins typically in this are around 50%. Am I 
right, sir? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Yes. 
You know it all depends upon the season. If the 
season is good then -- you know -- there is a lot of cut throat 
competition. 
There are several hatcheries, so 
it will add 
service to the farmers than a big revenue earner to the 
company. We want to have brand image of Avanti; we will 
give the best feed and we have best processing plant. 
These are the things which go as a brand image than real 
big income coming out of hatchery. 
Dipesh Kashyap: 
Cool. Understood, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir. That would be the last question for the day. 
Now, I hand over the floor to Mr. Sherwin Fernandes for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sherwin Fernandes: 
Thank you the entire team of Avanti Feeds for giving us the 
opportunity, and I would also like to thank the investors and 
analyst for taking the time to attend the call. Thank you. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: 
Thank you, Mr. Sherwin. 
Alluri Nikhi/esh Chowdary: Thank you. 
Pavitra: 
Note: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf 
of KFin Technologies Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. 
Thank you for joining us. 
You may 
disconnect your lines. 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
Transcript - Conference Call of Avanti Feeds Limited 
