BLUE STAR 
February 7, 2020 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 500067 
Dear Sir/Ma'am, 
• 
=7 
PLATINUM 
~ JUBILEE 
Blue Star Limited 
Band Box House, 4th Floor, 
254 D, Dr Annie Besant Road, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 030,lndia. 
T : +91 22 6654 4000 
F : +91 22 6654 4001 
www.bluestarindia.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 , Block G, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Symbol: BLUESTARCO 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript- Q3FY20 
With reference to our letter dated January 28, 2020, and pursuant to Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are enclosing herewith the Earnings Call Transcript pertaining to Q3FY20 
Financial Results of the Company. 
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the website of the Company 
www.bluestarindia.com 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Blue Star Limited 
~ 
Vijay Devadiga 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
Registered Office: Kasturi Buildings, Mohan T Advani Chowk, Jamshedji Tata Road, 
Mumbai 400 020, 1ndia. T: +91 22 6665 4000 F: +91 22 6665 4152. 
ON: L 28920MH 1949PLC 006870 

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Blue Star Limited Q3 FY20 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEERAJ BASUR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, BLUE STAR LIMITED 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q3 FY20 Earnings Conference Call of 
Blue Star Limited. We have with us today from the management, Mr. Neeraj Basur – Group 
Chief Financial Officer of Blue Star Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Neeraj Basur - Group Chief Financial 
Officer. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Neeraj Basur: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen, this is Neeraj Basur.  I am happy to share with you that 
Blue Star has won two more prestigious recognitions during Q3FY20, namely; “Golden 
Peacock Award for Corporate Ethics” for 2019 and was adjudged “Best Governed Company” 
[Listed Company: Medium Category] at the 19th edition of The Institute of Company 
Secretaries’ National Awards for Excellence in Corporate governance. We at Blue Star have 
always endeavored to adopt and implement best-in-class governance policies and practices and 
these awards reaffirm our commitment to following the highest standard of professionalism 
and business ethics.  I will now provide you an overview of the results for Blue Star Limited 
for the quarter ended December 2019. 
I. Financial highlights for Q3FY20: 
Following are the financial highlights of the company for the quarter ended December 31, 
2019, on a consolidated basis. 
- 
Revenue from operations for Q3FY20 was Rs 1235.91 cr as compared to Rs 1098.97 cr in 
Q3FY19, a growth of 12.5%.  
- 
EBIDTA (excluding other income and finance income) for Q3FY20 was Rs 57.03 cr as 
compared to Rs 42.37 cr in Q3FY19, an increase of 34.6%. 
- 
PBT before exceptional items was Rs 33.24 cr in Q3FY20 as compared to Rs 21.39 cr in 
Q3FY19, an increase of 55.4%. 
- 
Tax expense for Q3FY20 was Rs 11.97 cr as compared to Rs 0.99 cr in Q3FY19.  
Effective tax rate in Q3FY20 was 37.8% as against 7.0% in Q3FY19 due to reversal of 
Deferred Tax Asset created in FY19, arising from higher profitability in Blue Star 
Engineering and Electronics.   
- 
Net profit for Q3FY20 was Rs 19.70 cr as compared to Rs 13.23 cr in Q3FY19. 
- 
Carry-forward order book as at December 31, 2019 was Rs 2812.40 cr as compared to Rs 
2277.43 cr as at December 31, 2018, an increase of 23.5%. 
 
- 
Tight management of inventories and receivables resulted in the reduction of Capital 
Employed to Rs 1020.52 cr as on December 31, 2019 from Rs 1173.53 cr as on December 
31, 2018.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
- 
Consequently, borrowings reduced to Rs 127.62 cr as on December 31, 2019 (debt equity 
ratio of 0.15) as compared to a net borrowing of Rs 375.94 cr as on December 31, 2018 
(debt-equity ratio of 0.47). 
 
II. Business Highlights for Q3 FY20 
Segment I: Electro-Mechanical Projects & Commercial Air Conditioning Systems  
Segment I revenue was Rs 758.80 cr in Q3FY20 as compared to Rs 655.47 cr in Q3FY19, a 
growth of 15.8%. Segment result was Rs 39.00 cr (5.1%) in Q3FY20 as against Rs 30.11 cr 
(4.6%) in Q3FY19. Order inflow during the quarter was at Rs 550.49 cr as compared to an 
inflow of Rs 684.71 cr in Q3FY19. 
1. Electro-Mechanical Projects business 
We were selective in bidding and booking new orders in view of the continuing liquidity stress 
in the real estate and infrastructure sectors which slowed down the pace of order inflow in 
Q3FY20. The focus continues to be on cash flow and profitability, and faster execution was 
witnessed in a few select jobs, resulting in good revenue growth. 
We maintained our leadership in integrated MEP projects in India.  
Some major orders won during Q3FY20 were from, Phoenix Market City (Indore), Chalet 
Hotels (Bangalore) and Manyata Promoters Pvt. Ltd. (Bangalore). 
Carried forward order book of the Electro Mechanical Projects business was Rs 1941 cr as on 
December 31, 2019 as compared to Rs 1573 cr as on December 31, 2018, an increase of 
23.4%. 
2. Commercial Air Conditioning Systems: 
The commercial air conditioning market, which witnessed phenomenal growth in the first six 
months of the financial year slowed down during Q3FY20 in terms of billing. However, order 
inflows continue to be good. We continue to improve our market share in VRFs and Chillers, 
while maintaining leadership in Ducted Systems. 
 Key segments that contributed to billing during the quarter were Government, Hospitals, 
Builders and Educational Institutions. 
Major orders bagged in Q3FY20 were from Ambuja Cement Ltd (Jaipur), Telangana State 
Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (Hyderabad), ISRO (Sriharikota) and Police Headquarters 
(Mumbai). 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
3.International Business: 
Our international business continues to focus on growth in the Middle East, Africa and 
SAARC countries. We continued to grow steadily in these markets. Our showroom in Dubai is 
playing a significant role in demonstrating our products lines and capabilities and helping in 
securing projects and maintenance jobs. 
Our Joint venture in Qatar that executes MEP projects continued to do well. However, order 
inflow and pace of execution were impacted in Malaysia due to politico economic conditions. 
We continued to invest in strengthening our brand in select international markets.  
Segment II: Unitary Products: 
Segment II revenue was Rs 420.23 cr in Q3FY20 as compared to Rs 391.52 cr in Q3FY19, a 
growth of 7.3%. Segment result was Rs 7.65 cr (1.8%) in Q3FY20 as compared to Rs 9.39 cr 
(2.4%) in Q3FY19.  
Higher advertisement expenses during festival season impacted the margin. 
1.Room Air Conditioner business: 
After a slow start to the quarter due to muted festival demand, growth picked up in December 
19 and we grew by 10% in Q3FY20 as against the estimated market growth of 5%, thus 
sustaining our pursuit to improve market share. 
In line with the trend observed in the first two quarters, demand continued to be for affordable 
range of models. Further, close to 36% of the sales was through consumer finance schemes.  
Lower penetration coupled with higher demand from Tier 3, 4 and 5 markets should continue 
to support growth. 
2. Commercial Refrigeration business: 
Good growth in the processed food, ice cream and hospitality segments contributed to the 
revenue growth. We maintained leadership position across major product categories such as 
Deep Freezers, Storage Water Coolers and Cold Rooms.  
Our new product categories, namely, Commercial Kitchen, Healthcare and Retail Refrigeration 
products gained good traction in the market. We continued to invest in brand building and 
business development to promote our new product range.  
Major orders bagged in Q3FY20 were from Reliance Retail, Top and Town, Dairy Fun, Rebel 
Foods, and Jubilant Foodworks. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
3. Water Purifier business: 
While the competition is intensifying, we are staying focused on establishing our brand as a 
trusted one in the category, with well-engineered and the reliable products backed by superior 
service. With over 1,10,000 Blue Star water purifiers already in the market, the service revenue 
has begun to flow in.  We have established ourselves as one of the leading brands in the e–
commerce channels, and on course to break even in the next financial year.  
Segment III: Professional Electronics and Industrial Systems: 
Segment III revenue was Rs 56.88 cr in Q3FY20 as compared to Rs 51.98 cr in Q3FY19, a 
growth of 9.4%. Segment result was Rs 17.99 cr (31.6%) in Q3FY20 as compared to Rs 6.86 
cr (13.2%) in Q3FY19. 
Revenue growth was driven by certain high value orders from Data Security solutions, 
Healthcare and Non-Destructive Testing business. Regulatory requirements on data 
localization and increased thrust on digital payments solutions created good short opportunities 
for Data Security Solutions business. The government’s programs for affordable healthcare are 
also creating various opportunities for the Healthcare business. With the wide portfolio of 
products and solutions forming part of our offerings, the prospects for this business segment is 
positive. 
III. Business Outlook: 
Though the order book is healthy, pace of order inflow slowed down from the real estate and 
infrastructure sectors due to continued challenges on flow of credit to these sectors. Low 
penetration coupled with increasing demand from Tier-3, 4 and 5 towns will continue to 
support growth in the products business. 
We will continue to stay focused on driving revenue growth and profitability with a close 
watch on margins, cash flow and capital employed. 
With that ladies and gentlemen, I am done with the opening remarks.  I would like to now pass 
it back to moderator, who will open up floor to questions.  I will try and answer as many 
questions as I can.  To the extent I am unable to, we will get back to you via e-mail. 
With that, we are open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Renjith Shivram from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renjith Shivram: 
Just wanted to understand this unallocable expenditure is higher this quarter, so what is that 
pertaining to and where do you see that going forward? 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Neeraj Basur: 
Last year’s unallocable expenses of Rs 12 crores was net of  interest on certain income tax 
refunds of  around Rs 8 crores. In the current quarter, we have incurred certain  expenses on 
office renovation  across the country. Broadly, we maintain a run rate of Rs 22-24 crores a 
quarter, that is about Rs 80-90 crores a year and we will be pretty much on that trajectory for 
the full year. 
Renjith Shivram: 
And in terms of room AC, last call you told that this year we are expecting around 9.5% kind 
of margins, so this quarter the margins were low vis-à-vis last quarter where we had this whole 
issue of inventories and other things, we have to take a pricing thing but despite being a better 
quarter compared to last year same quarter, why the margins are still not improved? 
Neeraj Basur: 
We had announced in Q2 that we have tied up with Virat Kohli as our brand ambassador and 
that was done with a  conscious intent to further strengthen our brand and in preparation for the 
summer season. The endorsement with Virat was signed towards the beginning of this quarter 
and the related expenses that we have incurred have been fully been charged off in the current 
quarter. This is also  a non-seasonal quarter from a sales point of view, so that is getting 
reflected in the overall margins. That explains why the margins are little subdued, not 
significantly though despite the charge that we have taken to support Virat’s brand 
ambassadorship.  
We  expect the margins in segment II to be somewhere in the range of 8.5 to 9%.  
Renjith Shivram: 
How is the overall room AC market growth in FY20 the full year because there is only one 
couple of months remaining, so how do you see that panning out? How is the summer related 
stocking up from the dealers? 
Neeraj Basur: 
It is a little early to comment. January is a lean month. The existing indications are that  
summer is likely to set in as per the normal pattern somewhere towards the end of February 
and we don’t see any reason for a concern. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
My first question is pertaining to the unitary products segment. I want to understand two 
aspects over here. One is, are you seeing any divergent trend between the ACs which are at 
entry level and which are at a mid to premium level where Blue Star is placed, have you seen a 
divergent growth? 
Neeraj Basur: 
What do you mean by divergent growth?  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
It is one segment growing significantly faster or slower than the other and second aspect that I 
want to understand is the whole issue in China, is it creating any sort of sourcing issues for 
Blue Star? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Let me address the first one first. Blue Star’s whole focus continues to be mass premium which 
is the sweet spot for the range of products that we have. We really don’t see any change or a 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
shift in the demand pattern for that particular segment because inherent demand remains quite 
strong. There is indeed a market for the entry level as well which is catered to by us as well as  
other players, but our predominant focus remains on the mid premium range because that goes 
in line with the products  and the quality position that we have maintained over several years. 
With overall penetration levels being what they are, there is enough and more room for that 
segment to continue to grow. The biggest driver  remains the intensity of summer season. Once 
the summer season sets in and continues all the way through till May-June, we don’t see a 
reason why market should not grow and in that context, our endeavor to grow as well in line 
with our plans.  
Coming to the second question, the current ongoing issue in China is around Corona virus. The 
usual pattern for procurement in our industry is to start placing the orders towards the middle 
or end of Q3 which is November-December when our POs are released because usually the 
Chinese New Year which sets in toward end Jan - beginning Feb tends to bring some 
disruption in supplies. We usually try to stock up a little in advance in the normal course which 
we have done in the current year as well. So as far as Q4 supplies are concerned, we have 
either received the raw material or some  materials are  in transit and we expect the shipments 
to be received within February and early March. As it stands, the indications are that there will 
be an additional 10-day shut down across various factories in China where currently there is 
impact or assessed impact and we will get to know more about the situation towards middle of 
February and if it tends to be a very short-term phenomena, then probably everything will get 
caught up and we are not at this point of time visualizing significant impact in Quarter 4. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
My second question is on the EMP segment that I wanted to understand, we do understand 
these liquidity issues were pertaining in first half also, but growth from few selected segments 
like railways and government related spends were driving inflows which have been fairly 
strong in first half. So incrementally if you could highlight which specific segments other than 
the real estate and infra that you mentioned has seen a very sharp dip or is there probably some 
sort of a big curve from the government side to restrict ordering in the near term and how does 
this change your order inflow outlook for the next year that is FY21? 
Neeraj Basur: 
As far as Segment I is concerned, we have been maintaining that we are watching the current 
liquidity situation and the market very closely, our particular concern being real estate and 
infrastructure sectors, and not as much government customers. The government segment has a 
different challenge of not being able to collect as per schedule. Within those constraints and 
with a very clear eye on the working capital as you can see from our balance sheet as well as 
the borrowings, we are selectively booking and closing orders. We have to continue to be on 
this mode until such time there is easing out of market conditions in the customer segments 
that we operate in because we do not want to take on exposures which we feel may be  
excessive in the current market context. There is indeed a sense of slowdown in the last few 
months. It could be in anticipation of the budget and probably once the budget is released, we 
will know better what measures get announced. Companies are taking time to launch new 
projects.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Our order book is quite healthy.  We got some big orders  earlier in Q1 such as Mumbai Metro. 
The order book has grown quite reasonably and we are quite satisfied with the orders that we 
have booked. On the pace of execution,  we continue to closely watch on how much we should 
execute with a balance between billing margins and cash flow. We are trying to balance and as 
and when market conditions improve, we will have the capability to accelerate growth in 
segment I. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund.  
Nitin Arora: 
Two questions from my side. The first one is, you said about AC growth was about 10%, how 
much did you grow in the other 30% of your business in the segment II? 
Neeraj Basur: 
The growth in room AC business is about to 10% and the other businesses would have grown 
close to around 6% to 7% and on a blended basis, we have grown 7.5%. 
Nitin Arora: 
Correct me if I am wrong, you are talking about AC from a secondary perspective? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Primary. 
Nitin Arora: 
Why I am asking is that if you are talking about 10% growth in primary in the season where 
generally primary goes or some of the players or some of the competitors are just pushing 
primary in this quarter because you have new two players coming next season talking about 
the Samsung or the other one or two regional players, is it deliberate move not to push primary 
in this quarter or it is more of a function of an old inventory which is what channel tells us that 
it is not a product of festive, but still the inventory is there? 
Neeraj Basur: 
The festival season was a bit muted and despite everyone’s expectation didn’t really start as 
expected and the sales actually picked up towards the end November - beginning December. In 
anticipation of new product portfolio launch which we have done now in January, there are 
always some end-of-the-life products which we liquidate through the channel with some 
discounts and some schemes. In that context, the way the quarter started and the way quarter 
ended, we are fairly satisfied with the 10% primary growth which is somewhat higher than the 
market.  It is the lowest quarter for the year and in that context, it doesn’t really make any 
material impact on the full year’s revenue growth.   Regardless of that we are quite satisfied 
with how the quarter ended and of course the channel stocking will determine what happens in 
Q4. 
Nitin Arora: 
We generally enter into a business, for example, a water purifier, we lost the margins, we got 
Virat Kohli and we got an impact to end margin. The other companies also get the 
ambassadors and all but doesn’t get impacted on the margins, so just wanted to understand 
given a season where lot of new players are coming and pushing the inventory very hard where 
the market pricing itself in last 2 to 3 years has not gone up, does it concern you in terms of the 
way strategy is getting driven? Also if you can quantify the 9 months and the quarter 3 water 
purifier business?  

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Neeraj Basur: 
 In the last year, the summer season was extraordinarily subdued and everyone including us 
had cut down on advertising. In the current year’s 9 months, not just Q3, we have stepped up 
on advertising spend as compared to last year, both ATL and BTL. On top of that Blue Star 
signed up with a brand ambassador after a long time, which has its own commercial 
consequences which we have consciously absorbed and that in itself an indication about the 
positive sentiment we have on the market potential and the normalized growth which the 
market should be able to realize. So these are tactical moves to reap a longer term impact on 
the category in general. Of course, there will always be competitive pressures from different 
players that would impact and pricing.  
We on our part try to mitigate the pricing pressures by continuing to identify the cost side 
optimization opportunities that are possible right from increasing the share of our own 
manufactured products and components relative to fully imported ones and then managing the 
overhead structure in a manner where the margins remain preserved to the extent possible. 
However, there will be quarters where due to the timing of certain expenses that we may 
choose to incur like this quarter as a case in point, we may see that short-term impact but for 
the full year to date margin performance was a tad below at 7.0% compared to 7.2% last year. 
For the full year we should tracking at 8.5 to 9% which is lower than our initial guidance 
because of the additional spend on advertising through the year.. The big determinant of 
growth and margins in this category will be how the season plays out, so we will just wait and 
watch.  
 
As far as water purifier is concerned, we are likely to close the full year with around Rs 60 
crores of revenue for FY20 with around 2% market share and it is lower than our own 
expectations. We would have been happy with Rs 80 - 90 crores revenue for the current year 
and we will be below that by around Rs 20-25 crores. That is fine because it is a process of 
setting up a new category. Market share will be in the range of 2 to 2.5% for the full year. Next 
year our expectation is that we should turn breakeven.  We have an impact of close to 80 basis 
points in the segment margins which next year should get neutralized fully. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Life Insurance.  
Ankur Sharma: 
Can you remind us of your guidance for FY20 on both sales and margins for the projects 
business as also for the unitary cooling products business, please? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Broadly the growth expectation continues to be around 10% to 12% in Segment I and around 
15% in Segment II. Margin profile for segment I should hover in the range of around 5% for 
the full year and in segment II, 8.5% to 9% is our expectation. 
Ankur Sharma: 
The second question would be on the kind of competition you are seeing on the room AC side 
and I think Nitin also mentioned about Samsung coming in and we heard a lot of media articles 
also talking about Samsung refocusing on the room AC business, cutting prices, etc., so I don’t 
know if you can talk about a specific competitor or if you can talk about the industry as a 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
whole, what are the pricing trends that you are seeing at this point and how are we versus say 
the last couple of quarters? 
Neeraj Basur: 
As far as the market is concerned, the pricing continues to be quite competitive. There is no let 
down on pricing competitiveness regardless of Samsung’s positioning. The real test will be 
what happens in Q4.Not everyone has announced their prices for the  product range for the 
new season, so we have to wait and see. . We are however not expecting any let down on 
pricing pressures.  and are not anticipating any great price correction. If we are able to hold 
down to the current level of pricing, I guess we will consider ourselves fairly lucky because 
that is the nature of the market as of now, but this changes very quickly when the summer 
intensity picks up. A few weeks of high intensity summer and some course correction on 
discounts and incentives can suddenly change course on the overall pricing and margin 
realization or a combination of the two. We are being nimble enough to course correct as 
required in the context. The good news from the market point of view is there is no significant 
inventory overhang as far as our understanding goes which was the case till two quarters ago. 
With inventory not being a problem for most players, you can expect some degree of rational 
decision making on pricing in Q4. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec.  
Aditya Bhartia: 
You mentioned 8.5% to 9% UCP segment margins for the year, but that would imply over 
12% margins for fourth quarter, I mean these kind of margins we haven’t done for a while, so 
what gives you the confidence that there can be such a sharp jump in margins? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Quarter 4 is usually quite good because of the overall sales volume and typically there is an 
element of catch-up in quarters one  and four.  We are  optimistic on that front as there is a 
basket of products. On a blended basis we think we should be able to do around that range I 
had just talked about. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
If I remember correctly, you had initially pointed out that you will be looking for somewhere 
around 10% market share in water purifiers by FY21 and it is around that time that you will be 
breaking even, so now it appears that we have 2-2.5% market share currently, may be next 
year we inch it up to 3.5-4%, even at 4% market share breakeven looks possible? 
Neeraj Basur: 
We are somewhat behind our own plans as far as the scaling up of water purifier is concerned 
but that again it is part of the learning and growing and continuing to improve. Since there has 
been a little bit of a trajectory correction on our own expectation of growth, we have taken 
numerous steps to realign the entire operating structure of this business and we had spoken 
about this in quarter 2 where we are now getting our extended room AC selling force to also 
sell the water purifier which is resulting in cost efficiencies and as a consequence at around 3% 
or 3.5% market share, we should be able to breakeven.  
We are fairly confident now that the brand is well established, product portfolio is doing well, 
distribution is spread over 1000 stores with almost 200 cities. We are now in a good place to  

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
start scaling up. That is another reason why we have done this reorganization and little bit of 
rejigging in our own plans. We continue to be quite supportive, optimistic and bullish on this 
category, it is just taking  slightly longer than our own plans. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
This is regarding the competitive intensity again on the room AC side, given that some of your 
competitors have reduced pricing or maintaining similar pricing as last season and given that 
growth is coming more from the affordable category, do you see that there could be a risk of 
getting out priced or there is risk of you being required to cut down on pricing? 
Neeraj Basur: 
It is a bit speculative at this point in time to consider that. We will be better position to have a 
view on this sometime towards end February beginning March, so a little premature to decide 
any which way at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar from HSBC.  
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
I want to understand the supply chain from China a bit more. So you said, we ordered typically 
in the middle of Q3 that is around November and December and would it be fair to say that the 
pricing of those contract would be based on prevailing copper cost or a commodity cost and if 
that is correct, would it be fair to say that the dollar cost of those purchase goods are coming 
down over last two years? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Firstly, we are comfortably positioned as far as the current levels of inventories are concerned, 
raw materials, components and finished goods. 
 
On the component side, the copper prices have been fairly stable. Secondly, INR has also been 
fairly range bound barring instances of very short-term volatility. Of  late we see copper prices 
firming up a little. But again we will watch out for a quarter because by the time we complete 
quarter four, the inventory for quarter one will start building up. For now we are good as far as 
the overall component pricing is concerned we don’t see a reason to worry too much on that 
front.  
Shrinidhi Karlekar:  
I guess you would be planning for almost entire summer and you would be placing order in 
somewhere in November and December. So the copper prices that goes into those products 
would be largely freeze based on prices which are prevailing in October and November and the 
price rise that happens through say November to February shouldn’t largely affect it should 
come in the next cycle of purchases. Is that correct largely? 
Neeraj Basur: 
To some extent not entirely, because this would be true if we commit to the offtake volumes in 
advance for probably six months which we don’t do. We enter into rate contracts which are 
valid for three to four months at that point in time and then we reserve the right to keep 
moderating the quantum and the volume offtake over the course of next three or four months. 
We persuade the suppliers not to resort to any immediate price corrections. But if the volatility 
is high then probably some renegotiations do happen. So it holds true both ways if there’s a 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
price dip then also we can renegotiate. By and large, we don’t see this to be a problem or a 
challenge for the next three, four months. 
Analyst: 
Typically we do 70% of business  in the first half of calendar year and 30% in the second half 
of a calendar year and our margins are typically 6% point different in first half versus second 
half in a calendar year. So apart from the scale of business, which is very different, are there 
any other reasons why what explains this margin difference in terms of business mix as well as 
the net realization that you get from the product? 
Neeraj Basur: 
It’s purely in scale. Q2 and Q3 are the lowest, and Q3 is the lowest amongst all four. It is  
largely scale driven and nothing beyond that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arafat Saiyed from Reliance Securities.  
Arafat Saiyed: 
My first question is on ad spend, can you quantify what amount you spend on Q3 and in the 
nine month FY20 versus last year? 
Neeraj Basur: 
We usually do not give that as a public disclosure. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Okay, so can you just spread some light on that how it has changed versus last year? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Last year because the summer season was quite below normal and we also had a huge amount 
of inventory pressures so we had to be on a cost containment mode. So both ATL and BTL 
spends were fairly well rationed last year. This year started  on a very positive note with a  
fairly intense summer. So we have resumed on a normal trajectory of advertising spend.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amber Singhania from Asian Markets 
Securities. 
Amber Singhania: 
Just wanted to understand, by and large the industry imports around 50% of the requirement 
from China be it on a complete unit or be it on a component basis, compressor completely 
comes from there. Now, as you mentioned that Q3 mid that is November, December you place 
an order so the supply must be coming throughout the Q4 or rather four months of the calendar 
year as such till March, April. Now, if this virus issue prolongs for longer time but how do we 
see the supply impacting for the industry and the company. Do we see any such things 
happening, do we have sufficient inventory in the system to produce more units which will be 
consumed in next three months? 
Neeraj Basur: 
As far as our quarter four selling plan is concerned, both what we need to import in terms of 
raw material components and our own production lines, we have sufficient raw material and 
finished goods to cater to the overall supplies that are needed to fulfill sale for quarter four, so 
we don’t see a concern there and equally because this entire thing has happened when the 
China normally would have stayed close because of their New Year. As of now, this is looking 
like an extension of that New Year closure by about 10 days. The indications we are getting so 
far from our Chinese suppliers is that by 10th of February they expect to open up. We have to 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
wait and watch. For now, we are good for Q4. As of now we are not clear on what happens 
beyond let’s say it’s a very long or very short or medium term, I think it will be a bit 
speculative.  We will be able to take a view once there is more clarity towards middle of 
February. 
Amber Singhania:  
Would this be more or less similar for the industry as well? 
Neeraj Basur:  
It should be because for example, everyone imports compressors, most players import copper, 
though the degree would vary. One good thing is that we have started manufacturing indoor 
units from last year. To  that extent there is a little reduction in that pressure.  About 45% to 
50% of our IDU requirement this year is going to be in-house manufactured. That does reduce 
the dependence to some extent but it is a general mixed bag at this point in time. 
Amber Singhania:  
Just wanted to your sense on the overall costing and pricing front as we know that given the 
competitive intensity it is difficult to increase the prices in the market as such, and we are also 
seeing that inverter which used to be at a significant premium earlier is now available at a 
significant competitive priced in the market as such across the brands. Is there any further 
scope for cost reduction on inverter given we have already crossed 65% kind of penetration as 
industry. Where do we see the cost efficiency is possible to bring in for the industry as well as 
for the company on that part in the event that it is difficult to increase the prices?  
Neeraj Basur:  
Four years ago inverters used to be only 15% of the overall market. They are now around 55- 
60% and as the volumes grow there are some procurement efficiencies and overall economies 
that can be expected. This gets translated back as price corrections as far as the overall selling 
prices are concerned. So, some of that is also happening, which is not a concern because of the 
corresponding material cost savings as well. The pressures on pricing arose as some players 
have certain short term or tactical reasons could be because of inventory levels, could be 
because of market share that they may be wanting to achieve, if there is a little extra push to 
course correct on prices that does put pressure on everyone in terms of price realization.  
That is also a usual phenomenon in this particular category and we need to continue to 
moderate the course of our pricing and discounting pretty much on a monthly basis. That’s 
what we do, because we don’t want to compromise on growth or growth opportunities at the 
same time we want to make sure that a reasonably stable margin profile is maintained again the 
biggest determinant being the summer intensity. If that tends to be normal, then pretty much 
we see what we saw in quarter one of this year or years before last. I don’t expect it to be any 
different even going forward. 
Amber Singhania:  
But costing side we have captured more or less whatever was possible barring a few basis 
point more? 
Neeraj Basur:  
Not really because that’s a continuous exercise  first one the procurement side, as you procure 
more  you gain from economies of scale. If commodity prices remain stable then of course 
there are procurement efficiencies that can be realized steadily.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
We also have opportunities to continuously do value engineering in our factories and push for 
a higher proportion of backward integration of example, IDU production is a major initiative in 
that context. So, when we do more of that, then there are further conversion cost efficiencies 
that can be expected. So we always alongside our sales plan, also carry cost management plans 
on the principle of TCM. Which in a way  to some extent do help us to mitigate the pricing 
pressures, not entirely at times, but then one has to look at that pretty much in parallel. 
Otherwise, it will be a one sided challenge. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neerav Vasa from Anand Rathi.  
Neerav Vasa: 
I have a broad strategic question with regards to room air conditioners. Considering the fact 
that the competitive intensity is not slowing down and it is not even expected to slow down. 
How do we intend to rebalance our supply chain with regards to own manufacturing, contract 
manufacturing and imports? My second question would be pertaining to the tax rate that we 
can take for FY20 considering the MAT credit we have? 
Neeraj Basur: 
As far as owned versus contract manufacturing versus import, there is no change in terms of 
our strategy. A substantial part of what we sell is in the range of 60% is own manufactured. 
We are looking at deepening the extent of backward integration and the related value that we 
will capture through the value chain. Our second port of call always is contract manufacturer, 
the SKUs where volumes do not justify us manufacturing it in-house get contracted out by us. 
We are pretty agnostic to whether we manufacture those ourselves or through contract 
manufacturer, wherever we get better economy and the residual fulfillment happens through 
the CBU import route. That’s the structure we follow.  
This structure gives us a fair degree of flexibility in terms of optimizing on capacity utilization. 
It gives us flexibilities around the entire cost structures as well that need to be optimized from 
time to time. We will be on the same trajectory for some more time. Of course, IDUs for 
example next year instead of 60% this year will be about 70-75% own manufactured. So, that 
proportion will go up. Similarly, there could be some other components which we will 
manufacture in-house.  
As far as tax rate is concerned this year, there is a onetime impact of a deferred tax asset 
reversal which is non-cash. In quarter four of last year we had taken a deferred tax credit 
because of certain tax loss benefits we had in a wholly owned subsidiary. The good news is, 
the subsidiary is earning accelerated profits which are visible in segment III results. As a 
consequence, the deferred tax asset which would have reversed over two or three years is 
getting reversed in a shorter time span. That’s more of an accounting entry than anything else. 
As far as the normalized expected tax rates are concerned we should be in the range of 27% to 
28%. Once we come out of this DTR unwinding and once the MAT assets are fully consumed 
then of course we will migrate to the lower tax rate, but that’s probably a year away. 
Neerav Vasa: 
So, what would be the pending MAT credit that we have at the end of third quarter? 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Neeraj Basur: 
On a consolidated basis we have close to Rs 70 crore. 
Neerav Vasa: 
My last question is pertaining to the water purifier business. Sir, as we are increasing the scale 
and size of operation, how do we intend to go about manufacturing of it? Would that be on a 
contract outsource model, in-house manufacturing or imports? 
Neeraj Basur: 
At this point in time, we don’t intend to manufacture water purifiers because we are going step 
by step. Having  launched the  product portfolioand after having made deep inroads on the 
distribution and post-sale servicing, we are now prioritizing the economics of this category. 
The next will be of course to scale it up. So, unless we hit a scale where we believe that it 
makes economic sense to manufacture in-house we will continue with the contract 
manufacturing model.    
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question from the line of Nitin Bhasin from Ambit Capital. 
Nitin Bhasin: 
Two questions, one is on the segment I which is the entire MEP business could you give us 
some sense on in terms of what’s happening because we hear a lot about commercial real 
estate launches being very strong. So while that is good, but also we hear about the 
government projects being very slow. So if you could give a sense in terms of how is the order 
book pickup, inquiries of tenders looking like right now and because of this private equity 
backed retail space or real estate space is there finally an integration of MEP happening or no, 
so that’s the first question? 
Neeraj Basur: 
As far as integrating MEP is concerned, pretty much that’s been our differentiator for some 
years now and that’s helped us gain traction on our order booking. We will be amongst very, 
very few players in the country  offering a comprehensive integrated HVAC, electrical, 
plumbing, ventilation services under one roof. So that anyway is a very firm differentiator and 
we are doing well on that count. As far as your question on what’s happening in the market, 
yes there are deals which are backed up by private equity players and we do participate 
whenever possible.  
While there is the intent to launch projects, , there is a degree of lag after announcing a project 
and by the time the project is ready for MEP works. So we have to just wait and see once they 
achieve finance closure and whether it’s going on track and then how the  civil part  moves 
before MEP can step in. So there will be a lag even once the market revives in terms of order 
growth. On the government projects, your comment is absolutely on the dot. While the overall 
opportunity size looks good, there is indeed a pressure on collections.  We don’t run a credit 
risk, but there is a delay risk as far as the government collections are concerned. So one needs 
to be watchful as far as government projects are concerned. So this segment has its own 
challenges and unless you keep an eye on the various parameters, it can spin out of control 
fairly quickly. So that’s what we are doing at this point in time. 
Nitin Bhasin: 
So it’s largely a muddle through segment in terms of 5%-8% growth and the margins where 
they are they remain there? 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Neeraj Basur: 
I would not say it will be a muddle, this is a fairly important segment. We have been going 
through an external environment which has remained challenged for a very long period of 
time. Having said that, at some point in time whether it’s the banking, NBFC, the economy has 
to come out of the current set of challenges because the country will need to grow. So once the 
growth resumes this can be a very rewarding segment to be in. I guess we are getting tested out 
for our resilience in a challenged environment. We are always seen as a fairly stable player and 
probably that will come to our advantage. 
Nitin Bhasin: 
So second bit in this was, you are a very strong player when it comes to small and medium 
enterprises and ducted packaged air conditioning system and you are one of the leaders over 
there. So, and we hear a lot of stress on the SME right now. So do you think that this segment 
actually can go become more weaker in the next one or two quarters if the SME stress 
remains? 
Neeraj Basur: 
Well, it’s not as much about SME. These are small sized projects where it could be a boutique 
store, a shop, a showroom, a small restaurant, a hospital.  These are not necessarily SMEs, but 
they are also impacted by the liquidity concerns. So far it has been reasonably good barring 
quarter three where there is a degree of slowdown. However,  probably this sub segment will 
be the fastest to rebound when the external environment starts to look better. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Neeraj Basur for closing comments. 
Neeraj Basur: 
Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen, with this we conclude this quarter’s earnings call. 
Do feel free to revert to us in case any of your questions were not fully answered and we will 
be happy to provide you additional details by email or in person. Thank you.  
