 
 
 
5th March 2020 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 0051 
 
Name of Scrip: KSCL 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
P.J. Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532899  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Kaveri Seed Q3 & FY 2020 Earning Conference Call Transcript. 
 
Please refer to our letter dated 30th January 2020 wherein we have intimated the 
schedule of Investors/Analysts call on 6th February 2020.  We are attaching herewith 
the Transcript of the Analyst/Investor call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Company for the third quarter and nine months period ended 31st December 2019 
and the same is being uploaded on the website of the Company and is available in 
the following web link: 
 
http://kaveriseeds.in/images/con-call/Kaveri-Q3FY20-concall-transcript.pdf 
 
Please take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For KAVERI SEED COMPANY LIMITED. 
 
C. MITHUN CHAND 
Whole Time Director 
 
Encls: a/a. 
 

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
Q3 FY20 Earning Conference Call Transcript 
February 06, 2020 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kaveri Seed Company 
Limited Q3 and 9 months FY20 earning conference call. As a reminder, all 
participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rishab Barar: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Kaveri Seed 
Company Limited’s conference call. We are joined today by Mr. Mithun 
Chand, the Executive Director. 
Before we get started, I would like to point out that certain statements made 
or discussed on the conference call today may be forward-looking in nature 
and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks we face. The company does 
not undertake to update them. A statement in this regard is available for 
reference in the presentation. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from Mr. Mithun Chand who will 
share updates on the market environment and take you through the strategic 
imperatives of the company. He will also share his thoughts on the 
performance of the company during the review period. We will then have the 
forum open for an interactive question-and-answer session. Now, I would like 
to invite Mr. Mithun Chand to share his views. Over to you, sir. 
Mithun Chand: 
Thanks, Rishab. Good day everyone and very warm welcome to all of you. 
The first 9 months, I have seen a good performance and strong revenue 
growth by about almost 15% and on quarter 3 financial year 20, the growth 
was 46.53%. The operating EBITDA margins excluding other income stood at 
6.82% in quarter 3 FY 20 versus 0.18% in quarter 3, 19. Operating EBITDA 
growth for 9 months has also been noticeable and stands at 18.8%. On a 
consolidated basis, revenue has grown 43.91% in quarter 3 FY20 and 
14.70% in 9 months FY20. Operating EBITDA margin stand at 8.5% 
compared to a loss in quarter 3 previous year. In 9 months for the current 
year, operating consolidated EBITDA growth stood at 22.1%, margins were 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
30.6% for 9 months of 20 compared to 28.78% compared to the previous 
year 9 months of 19. 
Coming to the crops, we have witnessed an increase in acreages of cotton 
over last year. All other crops including Maize, Rice, Jowar and Bajra have 
shown some increase in acreages. 
A little detail figure for the main crops of cotton and maize: 
Overall, the cotton market has remained stable. The Rabi, Maize area has 
gone up in some states like Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Bihar, Maharashtra 
and Karnataka. This is mainly due to good rains and better commodity prices. 
Where our crop wise performance is concerned, cotton volumes increased by 
about 18% in the first 9 months. Contribution of new products went up from 
14% to 22% of volume. Money Maker was up across the market this year. 
Two new cotton hybrids are under demonstration with farmers. Performance 
of Money Maker was appreciated by farmers across market. Though Maize 
volumes were down by 3% in the first 9 months, the revenue was up 12% 
which was due to product mix and price gain. Non-cotton business has grown 
significantly by about 16%. It has been driven by volume growth in new 
hybrids and also price appreciation in three products. Hybrid rice volumes 
increased by 57% in the first 9 months. Introduction of new hybrid paddy 468 
has helped translate to strong growth. In selection rice, there has been 
consistent performance across geographies. 
In Q3 FY20, the revenue stood at Rs. 98.4 crore as against Rs. 67.18 crore 
in quarter 3, FY19, a growth of 46.53%. We had a strong operational 
performance. The operating EBITDA margins stood at 6.82% in financial year 
versus 0.18 in financial year 19. The other income component was low 
compared to previous corresponding quarters. In quarter 3 financial year 20, 
the EBITDA including other income stood at Rs. 14.43 crore as against Rs. 
10.71 crore in quarter 3 FY19. In quarter 3 FY19, PAT was at Rs. 3.64 crore. 
In quarter 3 financial year 20, PAT was at Rs. 6.04 crore. In 9 months 
financial year 20, revenue stood at Rs. 931.33 crore as against Rs. 724.26 
crore in the 9 months corresponding previous year, a growth of 14.78%. 
The other income component was lower compared to previous 9 months. In 9 
months 20, the EBITDA including other income stood at Rs. 266.32 crore as 
against Rs. 251.99 crore in 9 months financial year 19. In 9 months financial 
year 19, PAT was at Rs. 226.16 crore. In 9 months financial year 20, PAT 
stood at 241.91 crore. The balance sheet continues to remain strong. The 
total cash on books as on December 31st 2019 is Rs. 431 crore and as 
against Rs. 462 crore as on 31st March 2019 and Rs. 389 crore as on 31st 
December 2018. 
We are happy with the way things are moving forward. We feel that 
commodity prices will continue to remain higher now keeping the farmer 
sentiment happy. We would like to add that our continuous focus on research 
continue to innovate and develop new products or crops or the outlook of 
vegetable like hybrid tomato, hot pepper, bitter gourd are positive. 
On that note, I conclude my opening remarks. We would be happy to give our 
perspective at any questions that you may have. I would request the operator 
on this call to open question and answer session. Thank you. 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. We take the first question from the line of Veeraj 
Kacharia from Securities Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
Basically, I had couple of questions on rice and maize. Starting with maize, 
just trying to get some idea of how the industry would have grown, say in Q3 
or just in first 9 months, both in terms of volume and price, if you can provide 
some colour on that. And second, where is the growth coming for the 
industry, is it largely in our core markets because we have been introducing 
new products quite some time and even in the first 9 months we have seen a 
good acreage increase in our core markets, but somehow the volume 
performance for us has been quite muted, so just trying to understand where 
is the difference? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you take two crops basically rice and maize, if you take rice, as an industry, 
it has gone up by 7-8% in terms of the hybrid rice market, not in terms of the 
acreages but in terms of the hybrid rice market, it has gone up by 7-8% 
whereas as a company at Kaveri, we have grown by more than 55% in hybrid 
rice, so that is a very good growth. We have increased our market shares, 
basically the hybrids are performing well. And going forward also, we have 
introduced two more hybrids in two more segments, which is in the 
demonstration level and we are pretty confident that beating more than the 
market more than the growth of the industry is quite possible with us with the 
pipeline hybrids and the present set of hybrids. Coming back to maize, yes, 
the maize acreages has increased this year basically in the second half when 
compared to the first half as the monsoon was good and the Rabi acreages 
have come up very well. Even though it looks like we are down by 3% in 
terms of the volumes, but in fact we have reduced the government business. 
Compared to previous year, we have reduced the government business by 
more than 60%. I mean to say that the government businesses is like you 
participate in some tenders which is a onetime sale and this time we have not 
participated cautiously because we were not having those type of inventories 
for participating it. So, if you take the normal trade market in the areas where 
we operate leaving the government business but we have increased our 
market shares and most importantly, we have increased our market shares in 
areas like Maharashtra, Bihar, parts of UP and the other part where we are 
not strong. That is the reason you see a change in the product mix and the 
other important point to notice is that like we have increased our revenue by 
12% even they are down by 3%. That is where we have seen the entire 
market shares. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
Just two followups. Sir, for maize, is the impact of government business 
completely out now or we still have some government business and how big 
is the government tender market typically? 
Mithun Chand: 
No, it is a big market, but that all depends on the company whether to 
participate with it or not because that is not a continuous business. That is a 
onetime business. Sometimes you get couple of years or three years based 
on your tonnes and your offerings but this time we thought that we will not go 
and it is a low margin business actually when compared to the local market. 
And as a company we take a call in the season based on our inventory, 
based on the price. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
How the industry would have grown in maize? 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Mithun Chand: 
Industry should have been, overall the seeing the acreages and the whole 
industry should have gone by 8 to 10%. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
Overall value terms? 
Mithun Chand: 
Not value terms, in terms of the volume. Value, we don’t track value assets, 
we track volume because in most of them, it will be a mix of those two things. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
And on rice, you said that we have got a good traction for the new launch, the 
view of hybrid variety we launched, so how does it differentiate into value 
proportion versus existing offering by us or other market offerings and which 
target states where we are kind of gaining this traction? 
Mithun Chand: 
So, in terms of the rice, basically when the hybrid is gaining market share, it 
clearly shows that we are ahead of the existing hybrid, basically they 
measured through yields, so we have one of the best performing hybrids 
there. That is the reason we are increasing market share and if you take the 
entire hybrid market, basically the hybrid market is there in UP, Jharkhand, 
Chhattisgarh, these are the markets where most of the hybrid rice markets 
are concentrating and we are having the market shares in those areas. Even 
though we are selling in all other parts, but these are the major areas which 
contribute the majority of the hybrid rice markets. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
Has there been any further progress in terms of new launches in tapping the 
Punjab or Haryana market either by us or any other players in the industry? 
Mithun Chand: 
It has been a continuous activity. We always launch new hybrids in different 
segments and where we are not present and we try to improvise our own 
hybrids or to increase the yield in the segments where we operate but for 
example like Punjab or Andhra, we are still trying it but these are much 
matured markets. But if you take out the other markets like in these two 
markets, there are huge markets to grow. If you take overall hybrid rice, only 
3 to 3.5 million hectares is hybrid out of 4 million hectares, so there is huge 
scope to grow. We are working on that company and not only Kaveri, entire 
industry is working on that segment and that is the reason we see a decent 
growth in hybrid rice market and I think the growth will continue going 
forward. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
So, on rice, just to followup this new variety which we have seen a good 
traction, basically I tried to ask earlier sir, I am just trying to understand where 
is the value proposition? What the product does differently than the other 
existing offerings? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, when you talked about the product, in terms of the yield, it needs to 
withstand the current conditions, sometimes it needs to be disease resistant 
or drought tolerant, I mean that is not exactly drought tolerant and made it 
should be a drought tolerant whereas here by withstanding the conditions, by 
the disease resistant, you need to get more yield. In the present condition, if 
some of the hybrid is performing better than the existing one, then the farmer 
prefers to go for the hybrid which is giving a more yield. In our case, in those 
segments, our hybrid is really doing well. That is the reason the farmers are 
adapting it. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
And even the two new hybrids which you talked about, they also primarily we 
targeted towards the existing hybrid markets, right, the UP, Bihar and the 
like? 
Mithun Chand: 
Existing hybrid markets, but there are different segments. I mean it is a 
different segment in the sense they are early maturity, medium maturity, late 
maturity, slender, bold, there are different segments in that. So, the new 
hybrid what we are launching are not from the same segment, they are from 
the different segment. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
And for maize, just had two more questions sir. What we understand typically 
the Rabi or the spring is the area where we have a gap in the portfolio, so 
now how would have market share been now? 
Mithun Chand: 
Because I don’t think it will change significantly but yes to some extent if you 
see the contribution from quarter 3 compared to last year, it has gone by 
more than 45-50% but we need to understand the fact that the first quarter 
will be a major quarter, as I said most of the India is under rainfed conditions 
and most of the cotton crop comes in the first quarter itself. So, that 
dominance will be there, but if you take out cotton and if you only compare 
maize, the maize contribution in the first half or you can say the first half to 
second half it can be comparable. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
So, basically that was my question was. See, the whole idea is that we are 
trying to also build a non-cotton portfolio and maize, rice is one of the core 
pillars of this? 
Mithun Chand: 
And even the vegetables, even if you see the vegetables also we are 
growing. Vegetables is down the year and that basically comes from quarter 
3 and quarter 4. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
Hence I was just trying to understand because traditionally what we 
understand, when we say Rabi or spring means the MNCs are the ones who 
typically have a very strong hold on those markets and in the past, various 
players including us have tried to launch but we have very limited gains in 
terms of the market share. So, just trying to get a flavour in terms of how has 
the traction been actually. 
Mithun Chand: 
That is very much visible in the sales this year. Basically, if you recollect our 
calls in the last 3 or 4 years, we are always saying that we are targeting 
newer markets where we are launching the hybrids. The growth in those 
hybrids which we have launched in the last 2 to 3 seasons is actually 
reflecting now and we further feel that there is a huge scope to grow in those 
areas because hybrids are doing well. As rightly said, these are all dominated 
with some of the MNCs and if you say we are the only company in India who 
are giving or competing with MNC in these crops and that is how we stand 
differentiate from the other domestic companies. And as a company, we are 
basically focusing on the South condition, basically in the rainfed conditions. 
In the last 7-8 years, we have started focusing, little more than 7-8 years 
close to 10 years, we started focusing on the Rabi and these markets. Now, 
slowly we are getting hybrids in those markets. As you know it is very difficult 
get a launch in the first go, so we took some time to get the gains in these 
markets and now we are pretty confident by seeing the pipeline and by 
seeing the existing hybrid that we grow. For example like we said like we are 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
launching some hybrids in spring market which we have never done earlier, 
even though we are strong and we are almost there in the top 3 players, in 
maize we never targeted these type of markets. Now, we are launching these 
hybrids that is the reason we strongly believe that we will go in these markets 
and the effort what we have gone in the last 5-7 years and done for the maize 
breeding, we have spent a lot in R&D to develop these type of hybrids and 
that is why you see the product mix also. That is where it is changing. These 
are high price and high margin markets. That is the reason we want to target 
this but now I think we are in line to those things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karthi Keyan from Suyash 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthi Keyan: 
How is the cotton outlook for next season, what is the seed inventory you are 
looking at? 
Mithun Chand: 
I think the cotton acreages will be stable. I don’t see much of a movement 
compared to this year because the cotton commodity price is good and later 
half, we have seen some impact due to pink bollworm in terms of the yields at 
the commercial level, but I don’t think the sentiment is bad with the farming 
community. This area should remain. Here and there, some areas we think 
like for example, in Gujarat, we think it may go down to some extent next 
year, but in Telangana, in Maharashtra it may remain same. So, overall, I 
think it should remain a little sideways here and there. 
Karthi Keyan: 
And how is your preparation in terms of inventory? 
Mithun Chand: 
We have built up inventory for the next year. I think at least as we suggested 
earlier, 10 to 15% growth what we are anticipating, and we are in line with 
those. As of now, with the present condition, we think we can go into 10-15% 
for sure and to cater that we have enough inventory what we have produced. 
The inventory is still at the arrival stage, but the plan what we have taken I 
think we will have enough stock to do that. 
Karthi Keyan: 
And there was no impact on seed output for you or for the industry because 
of these untimely rains and so on? 
Mithun Chand: 
There will be some but basically, we plan in advance, we have some sort of 
buffering to do it. So, by seeing the present conditions, even our crops have 
been impacted especially by seeing bollworm and untimely rain, but some 5 
to 10% loss will be there for sure, but we have that buffering and that is all we 
plan for entire crops. Sometimes we get more, sometime we get lower, but 
we have that buffering plan but by seeing the present condition, the part of it 
already has arrived into the system and I think we have enough, so we 
should not stop. Inventory should not be a concern for our growth. 
Karthi Keyan: 
And what is the outlook for advances? 
Mithun Chand: 
We have just basically for the advances, for cotton we have started a bit 
delayed compared to previous year. Usually, we used to start in the month of 
December that we have postponed that to the month of December - end of 
February. Cautiously we have taken that note because as we are taking more 
advances, we need to give more discounts to dealers, so we have just 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
postponed by 2 months. Now, we are taking the advance but if you take the 
advances by 31st March compared to previous year 31st March, it should be 
in line with that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from IIFL. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
On the quarter, one question was about subsidiaries performance. We seem 
to have seen significant improvement in profit from the subsidiaries, so if you 
could comment on whether this was in the seed subsidiaries or is it the 
micronutrients business? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see in the subsidiary business, even though it is small, like for example 
the Aditya and Microtek, both have contributed to some extent for their 
profitability, even though that is small but if you see the Aditya sale, we are 
up by 30 to 40% in that and in terms of the Microtek profitability, we are up by 
other 30 to 40% in that. So, even that was smaller base that is the reason the 
percentages look higher, but even now going forward we think even the 
subsidiaries did contribute much because we have stabilized the entire 
business. As the business grows because most of the expenses are the 
same, the profitability should increase. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And within the standalone business this quarter’s revenues, other than 
maize, rice and cotton, it seems that this Rs. 36 crore is coming from all the 
other seeds put together, so if you could give some colour on which are the 
major categories from which this has come, vegetables or any other? 
Mithun Chand: 
See basically, cotton, maize and vegetables have contributed to the majority 
of it. For example, if you take paddy, maize, cotton and vegetables have 
contributed close to Rs. 73-74 crore. The other crops like sunflower, a bit of 
bajra and a bit of pulses, mustard, wheat and everything and some 
production sales are also there in it, so this all contributed to Rs. 25 crore but 
if you take the other income, the total sales for this quarter stood at Rs. 98 
crore, out of which close to Rs. 54 crore is contributed in the maize alone and 
vegetables contributed close to Rs. 7 crore. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And on a full year basis, how much vegetable sales are we hoping to 
achieve? 
Mithun Chand: 
Last year, we have done roughly around Rs. 14 crore. This time, we think 
that at least we have already done close to Rs. 15.5-16 crore and fourth 
quarter is usually the better quarter for vegetables in the crop where we 
operate especially like okra, so we think that we will grow at least in and 
around that Rs. 25 crore. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Rs. 25 crore for this year? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes, against Rs. 13-14 crore last year, we should end up between Rs. 22 and 
25 crore and we are hoping better results in vegetables, but it is too early to 
predict on that but we have very good hybrids, we are working really hard in 
vegetables and we have stabilized with market also now and we have 
identified hybrids. We have launched many new hybrids, we will definitely 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
going forward in the next 3 to 5 years, vegetables will be a very meaningful 
contribution to the bottomline as the margins are pretty high in vegetables. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And one other thing, hybrid rice prices you mentioned in your opening 
remarks that they are up 57% YTD if I am not mistaken? 
Mithun Chand: 
No, I said the volumes are up by 55% not the price. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Out of the 65% revenue growth we have seen, 57% is from volumes? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, majority of that is from volume and usually every year we increase 
the price of 1 or 2%. So, for hybrid rice, majority is from the volume growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Chirag Dagli from 
HDFC Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, how has profitability in cotton moved for this year versus say a couple of 
years back? 
Mithun Chand: 
Cotton in terms of the per packet margin, it all remains same, slightly up by 
Rs. 10 or Rs. 15 but as we are increasing the volume, the profitability in the 
cotton crop is also going up because all the other expenses are same, 
basically the plant operations and everything. That is the reason you see as 
combined as a whole if you only talk about the EBITDA margin, it has gone 
much better than the topline. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Versus say in the past when we were selling about a crore packets and now 
we are selling much less? 
Mithun Chand: 
We can't compare like apple to apple. Weed to see the points like where the 
price was at Rs. 930, the Royalty was at Rs. 170, now the price itself is close 
to Rs. 730. The margins have definitely been squeezed from 3 years back to 
now. The margins have definitely considerably down in terms of cotton. 
Cotton was a very lucrative business when 4 years back, it is not right now 
but if you see compared to previous year to this year, we have slightly 
improved our margins. 
Chirag Dagli: 
And the reason for that is the cost of production? 
Mithun Chand: 
Not exactly the production. Once the Royalty is down compared to previous 
year by Rs. 8 to Rs. 9 and the distributor, we have given lower discounts. 
That is the reason if you say one of the questions answers saying that we 
have postponed advance bookings for quarter. Once we take the amount, we 
need to give more discounts. We know that the product will definitely sell and 
if you take advances, even the channel will not be satisfied if you take 
advance and don’t give this chance. So, we have just postponed it. So, we 
are trying in all ways to increase the profitability in cotton whereas other 
crops, we enjoy margins that is not a worry at all. Even in production also, we 
are trying techniques where we can reduce the cost. 
Chirag Dagli: 
And the non-cotton piece continues to be higher margin than company 
average? 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes, because cotton is driving the margin. If you take cotton out, non-cotton 
will have a very good margin. 
Chirag Dagli: 
And second question was on the R&D bit sir. If you can just talk a little bit 
about what you are doing now especially in Biotech etc., what R&D effort is 
going on and how soon can we see results? 
Mithun Chand: 
We have already invested a lot in R&D and still we are probably continue to 
invest on that. If you see our R&D, it is more than 160 people as of now, 
more than 160, close to 170, every day we are hiring in R&D and recently we 
have launched Biotech plant because the breeding techniques have moved 
on and we want to combine the additional breeding into biotechnology. So, 
we are already working on this and now you see the results also and we are 
adding many crops in that. For example, in the last when we are talking about 
6-7 years back, we are talking about vegetable breeding activity, later we 
said maize breeding activity, now we are launching new hybrids in rice. 
Within the rice within new segments, so everywhere we are increasing our 
scope and we are doing excellent work in R&D and we are pretty confident 
that we will be coming out with some new products going forward. 
Chirag Dagli: 
You said sir, 160 people in R&D? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes, more than 160 people. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Versus say a couple of years back where would this number be? 
Mithun Chand: 
It was around 110-115, some few numbers here and there but 110-115 
definitely we are up by 30-40% in the last 3-4 years. 
Chirag Dagli: 
And what is your annual spend sir on R&D now that we have got fully blown 
Biotech center as well? 
Mithun Chand: 
There are two aspects in that. One is the recurring and one in the capital 
thing. If you take the capital expenditure, last we invested close to Rs. 10 
crore to Rs. 12 crore in the Biotechnology lab, but most of the assets are our 
own. That is the reason that we will not reflecting in the actually capital 
spending. For example, lands are our own lands, the building where we have 
constructed the entire there was a huge band in the plant premises, and we 
have constructed a Biotech lab. If you want to construct that plant by taking 
the land and everything, it should be close to Rs. 40 odd crore. So, if you 
take out the capital expenditure which we can't compare because anyhow is 
our company owned asset, so we don’t do it but the actual money spend in 
providing getting the lab is close to Rs. 10 to 12 crore and moreover that, the 
R&D expenses are close to around Rs. 23 or 25 crore, I just need to get back 
to those exact numbers, but we are considerably increasing the R&D spend 
year-on-year. 
Chirag Dagli: 
And this Rs. 25 crore should go meaningfully up from here as well or do you 
think now it is stable? 
Mithun Chand: 
It will go but in the last 3-4 years, it has gone up much than what we have 
grown as a topline but going forward as we are increasing more, it should not 
be proportionately there because most of the asset is our own asset what I 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
have said and only the manpower cost is what we need to add to it. The 
manpower cost should be negligible, but I mean to say definitely there will be 
increase in the staff and as I said that we don’t work on the gene 
technologies which is not capital expenses. Most of the work what we do is 
like breeding activity which is not that high. It doesn’t take much capital 
expenditure. Its only cost is the employee cost that should be in proportion to 
that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, on the vegetables front, you just mentioned that this year, we made touch 
about say, Rs. 25 crore which gives year-on-year growth rate of about 70%, 
how do you foresee growth for FY21 onwards given that the base has now 
increased to Rs. 25 crore? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, because of the small base, it was like 60-70% but if you take Rs.  
25 crore at the base, definitely we think that we can go in between 30+% 
year-on-year for the next 3 to 5 years because vegetable market is a very big 
market and we have very good products and the segments where we are 
operating like hot pepper or hybrid tomato or okra, these are the major 
contributors of the vegetable markets and we have very good pipeline hybrids 
in those sector. So, 30% with the baseline of Rs. 25 crore year-on-year in 
vegetable should not be an issue for the next 3 to 5 years. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, on the cotton front, you have said that there are two cotton hybrids which 
are currently under demonstration, so any idea about how the results have 
been and when those would be commercialized, is there any potential? 
Mithun Chand: 
It is in the initial stages, but initial looks are good. That is the reason we are 
saying that where we have demonstrated, I mean that feedback is really good 
but we need to test that in volumes which we are pretty confident that we will 
do. Basically, these hybrids are supports in Northern India where we are not 
present, so definitely we think that it will have some sort of an impact in the 
next 2 to 3 years in terms of these new launches. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And on a strategy perspective, so the last 3 years we have taken buyback to 
reward the shareholders and from next year onwards again our cash flows 
will be stronger, so from a relatively longer term strategy what is our thought 
process that will be going only for buyback or may be for acquisition or 
diversification, so just a broader strategy from the management perspective? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, we were saying the same thing for the last 5 years as we said that 
we require 300 crore of war chest and over and above that whatever we have 
we want to reward the shareholder that we are continuing it. Yes, one point if 
you really see the meaningful business, any capital deployment will do it, but 
as of now we don’t have anything to deploy it and as a business it is not that 
capital expense, most of the infrastructure is already there. We can almost 
with a few crore of rupees year-on-year at the most for example, yearly Rs. 
20 to Rs. 30 crore of CAPEX year-on-year, somewhere more or less 
compared to year-on-year, we think that we can grow our business by 15 to 
20% year-on-year, so I don’t think as a company we don’t require much cash 
and as we were continuing to give the reward the shareholder might be in 
terms of the buybacks of the dividend. I think as of now, still our intention is to 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
reward the shareholders with subject to the board approval but in principle we 
want reward as we don’t have any much use of this cash. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just last question on FY21 guidance, so does the guidance persists 15-20% 
overall revenue growth in cotton, may be 10-15? 
Mithun Chand: 
We still stick to the same guidance of 15 to 20% growth with cotton between 
10 to 15% and non-cotton 20 to 25%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nandan Vartak from Wealth 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Nandan Vartak: 
My question is on rice market, so if you could give some number or size of 
volume or value whichever is available, or which would be helpful? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes, the hybrid rice market should be close to around 45,000 to 50,000 
tonnes market as of now. I am talking about the hybrid rice market, not the 
entire market. 
Nandan Vartak: 
So, what would be selection rice total market, so what I am trying to 
understand is percentage of hybridization currently? 
Mithun Chand: 
So, if you take out that one, the total rice market is close to 43 million 
hectares, out of which roughly around 2 to 3.5 million hectares in hybrid rice. 
If you take it in that way, close to 40 million hectares. 
Nandan Vartak: 
And seed requirement under hybrid and selection, it is similar to each other 
or is there a major difference between? 
Mithun Chand: 
It is different. It is different from based on the area they do it, but the seed 
rates and seed required for acreage are altogether different. 
Nandan Vartak: 
Can you quantify a bit? 
Mithun Chand: 
That all depends like such in some areas, for normal varieties, some go with 
30 kg, some go with 10 kg, some go with 6 kg. Hybrid rice usually is 3 kg, so 
it all depends. 
Nandan Vartak: 
And if you could just give an idea about total vegetable seed market, so you 
said that it is a big market so what would be the range of market size? 
Mithun Chand: 
The vegetable seed market should be in between Rs. 2500 to 3000 crore and 
it is increasing year-on-year. There are many companies who operate in 
vegetables. There are many smaller companies who do operate in 
vegetables. That is the reason there should be a slight difference in the 
market calculation but we think which should be in between Rs. 2000 and 
3000 crore. I am just talking about the hybrid vegetable market. 
Nandan Vartak: 
And hybridization would be higher in vegetables? 
Mithun Chand: 
It is much lower, in some crops it is higher, in some crops it is very lower. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nehal Jham from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Rohan: 
Rohan here. Mithun, just first question is on this change in industry structure, 
you were talking about that now you have postponed the sale to the 
distributor and waiting more closer to the season while earlier historically, this 
have been more driven by the distributor booking in the month of November, 
December and that used to drive cash flows for the company and also used 
to ensure the sale in the mid season. As of now, there is a change in 
strategy, I understand that you are doing this to go away with the cash 
discount which you used to offer to the dealers and distributor but that also 
increases the risk in terms of market penetration or in the peak season we 
may losing out on sales if the product is not rightly placed in the market, so 
do you see that there is a change in the business strategy or that involves 
more risk if the season is volatile? 
Mithun Chand: 
I will just correct the statement saying that we have not postponed the sale. 
We have only postponed taking of advances. See as I said 3 or 4 years back, 
cotton seed was very lucrative for the companies and for the distributors and 
we were taking advances, they were willing to pay in advance to book the 
seed because they get the majority of the discounts. In the last 3-4 years, 
what we have seen is that even though whether you take advance or not, 
farmer is picking up the seed and you have the guarantee sale. In that 
segment, yes, to some extent I agree with you, we need to book with the 
dealer to safeguard our business, therefore we just postponed the taking of 
advance by 2 months. Now, we already started advances now and we are 
doing it. It is not only from our end but most of the industry players are also 
coming in the same direction. Leaving apart one or two companies, most of 
them are doing in the same direction and if you recollect my first answer, I 
said as on 31st March, the advances what we have collected last year should 
be comparable in this year and this is the strategy only for cotton whereas 
non-cotton crops, we have already locked it, we are doing it like what we 
have done in the previous year. 
Rohan: 
So, in this way that margins are likely to shift from the hands of distributor to 
the companies across the industry? 
Mithun Chand: 
No, actually we have also received the entire margin. If you see, even though 
the prices are down by so much and the production cost has gone up, our 
margin still have better than compared to the industry even in cotton because 
we are not giving so much of margins like other players because seed is in 
demand and every farmer is ready to  pay for it. 
Rohan: 
No I was asking that in terms of advance booking which earlier used to be 
paid by the distributors and they used to take heavy volume discount by 
paying money in two months in advance that 10% extra margin which they 
were pocketing? 
Mithun Chand: 
No, we already cut down those types of margins in the last 2 to 3 years and 
we were not giving such margins. That is the reason, even the distributors 
were saying that you are taking advance and not giving margin. That is the 
reason we are taking this. 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Rohan: 
And by the end of March, you are saying that the total money collected from 
the distributor will almost remain same that what it was last year? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes. 
Rohan: 
So, it is just only postponement of probably one or two months?. 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes and we have taken that step. Keeping in mind, we have taken a very 
cautious step. We have analysed everything saying that our demand will not 
have any impact by doing this, in fact the dealer will be very happy to sell us 
because he is not paying advances and he will get seed and will get much 
better margin without paying it. 
Rohan: 
Sir, second question is on that we have seen that this year Kharif was poor 
but Rabi has well started on time and ample availability of water, so Rabi is 
likely to go smooth, do you see that some impact of this next year in Kharif 
also, the Kharif season will start on time or any crop rotation do you see from 
current changes which you are seeing in Rabi? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, if you add this point of time, I don’t see any major changes, but the 
farmer sentiment is really positive because of the good monsoon last year, 
the groundwater levels are up, most of the dams are full. The sentiment is 
very good but at the end of the day, it all depends on the monsoon arrival. If 
the monsoon arrives in time, everything will go right. If it gets delayed or if it is 
preponed, then there might be a slight shift in the cropping pattern which we 
can't predict as of now, but at this present juncture we think that crops will 
remain same. 
Rohan: 
Do you see that still as far as the Kharif is concerned, we still remain on, I 
mean dependency still remains of the next year monsoon, so like some 
people or some companies are mentioning that there is enough water 
available so that even Kharif sowing can start on time, you do not see that 
trend happening? 
Mithun Chand: 
No, usually that is not the case because we require most of the Indian 
condition, most of the Kharif crops is the rain fed crop, so they need to have 
enough moisture. After the rainfall only, they will have moisture and then sow 
it. This is true for those who are doing cultivation under wells or tanks. 
Especially for crops like paddy, they can go for nursery and then transplant 
after the good rainfall but for crops like maize and cotton or some other crops 
which are dependent on the Kharif, they definitely need to wait for monsoon 
and then only they can sow it. As you know that most of the Indian cultivation 
is only under rainfed conditions, it is not under the irrigation segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chetan Thacker from ASK 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Thacker: 
The cost outlook on the cotton seed business? 
Mithun Chand: 
The cost should not go compared to the previous year. You are talking of the 
production cost or selling price? 
Chetan Thacker: 
Production cost. 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Mithun Chand: 
For sure, it should not go up from the previous year. We did some techniques 
this year, wherein I think the cost should reduce, but it is too early for me 
because as I have not received the entire stock, I could not comment on it but 
as of now it looks like it should not go up, it should only come down. 
Chetan Thacker: 
And from a medium term point of view because of the new process 
introduced next year should be a lower cost compared to this year? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes. 
Chetan Thacker: 
So that is Kharif 2021? 
Mithun Chand: 
For Kharif 2021 only, I mean to say Kharif 2021 as I said like you are talking 
about June 20 or June 21? 
Chetan Thacker: 
June 21? 
Mithun Chand: 
Definitely, these are the techniques which we follow and definitely we are 
trying to decrease the production cost and again, I can only comment on the 
year end because that all depends on the rainfall and everything. We have 
introduced new business wherein we can reduce the production cost that we 
are witnessing this year that will reflect in June 20 sale. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Amit Vora from PCS 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Vora: 
One question is on, any write-offs that we have had during the quarter, I am 
sorry if I am repeating this? 
Mithun Chand: 
Every year we have the continuous thing, every quarter we write-off. The cost 
of goods includes the write-off also. 
Amit Vora: 
So, what would be that in this quarter because last quarter you had given that 
number? 
Mithun Chand: 
I don’t have the exact number, but it should be something close to Rs. 4 to 5 
crore. That is the regular activity what we do for the quarter basis and is 
compared to previous year. 
Amit Vora: 
And what is the cotton inventory that we are standing on right now for the 
coming season? 
Mithun Chand: 
I answered this question earlier also but again I will repeat. We are still in the 
process of getting the inventory. We will have enough inventory for that which 
will be in between 9 to 10 million hectares, the 10 to 15% subject to the 
availability, as of now we are seeing that there should be no issue with the 
inventory. 
Amit Vora: 
Sorry, I joined the call a bit later, so I repeated it. One bit on, what is the 
impact of pink bollworm, how has it been after the harvest and everything? 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Mithun Chand: 
We have seen the pink bollworm issue in the later half, not in the first half as 
it was continuously raining, even the farmers not at the production level also 
either at the commercial level, they were unable to spray any pesticides to 
control that. There is some impact on it but anyhow not a major impact but for 
sure, there is some impact of pink bollworm. 
Amit Vora: 
But you don’t see that escalating in the coming Kharif? 
Mithun Chand: 
Kharif in the sense pink bollworm issue in the Kharif? 
Amit Vora: 
Yes. 
Mithun Chand: 
The farmers are very much aware about this pink bollworm and they already 
made their mind set to control by spraying pesticides, so I think they are very 
much aware and it can be controlled. It should not be like a surprise for them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Veeraj Kacharia from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
Just had two questions. On maize, was there any impact of Fall armyworm in 
terms of sowing or anything, first? 
Mithun Chand: 
Compared to the previous year, not much but they have seen some 
instances here and there but if you will ask what has been last year now and 
also the farmer is like I said,  is now spraying for pink bollworm is willing to 
spray for Fall armyworm. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
Of the total maize market, what will be the share or the size of spraying in 
Rabi, maize, I mean just to get a colour? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you take that way, 50:50 is the volume, 50% comes in the first half and 50 
comes in second half for maize. 
Veeraj Kacharia: 
There is sizable difference in terms of realization, right? 
Mithun Chand: 
Because usually when you talk about the Rabi crop, it is most of the control 
conditions, like control in the sense like you are not dependent on the rain 
because you have enough water source, most of that will do under the 
irrigation segment. So, he knows and he goes for a high yield and he spends 
a lot on that whereas Kharif crops basically they depend on the rainfed, they 
don’t know about the rainfall and they just anticipate a good monsoon and do 
it, so the yields are also lower in Kharif when compared to Rabi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from IIFL. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
The employee cost in the standalone P&L is up sharply this quarter by almost 
19.5 crore, so what is driving the big increase there? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, this quarter we are given incentives and increments in this quarter. 
Usually, we do it in the previous quarter, but this year we are bit late and we 
have done this year. That is the reason there is a onetime impact on the 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
employee cost and the other part is that definitely the employee cost has 
gone up because we added more people in this year. So, if you take 
technically every quarter it should be between the Rs. 14 to 15 crore going 
forward for the next year starting from fourth quarter. The Rs. 19 crore should 
be Rs. 14 or 15 crore, I mean to say in quarter one and quarter two if you 
give some quarter 4 for sure Rs. 14 or 15 crore, quarter 1 and if you give the 
increment that will add, otherwise it should not be Rs. 19 crore because we 
have given most this thing in this quarter. That is the reason there is a huge 
price. That is the onetime thing. 
Abhijit Akella: 
But will every year’s third quarter then have? 
Mithun Chand: 
Usually not, usually we give it in the first or second quarter itself, but this time 
it got delayed in this quarter. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And in terms of the cotton seed regulatory scenario, there has been some 
talk about some demands from the government to cut the cotton seed price 
again for upcoming Kharif while the industry on the other side has been 
lobbying for a price increase in cotton seed, so what is your scenario and 
what is happening out there? 
Mithun Chand: 
That is always there. As an industry we want to increase, as a government 
they want to decrease, it is always there, but it is too early, or I don’t have 
any input to comment on it. Again, that will be a mutual committee which will 
take a decision. We are a part of that discussion . 
Abhijit Akella: 
And lastly, the new production technique you mentioned for cotton, if you 
could just comment on exactly how it is different and how much reduction it 
can lead to in terms of cost per packet? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, we are going with the GMS technology wherein the cost of 
production will be lower basically in terms of the pollination segment. Those 
are the new techniques and we have entered to some of innovative 
techniques like proper crop care, proactive control and to say like educating 
farmers coactively, taking coactive steps and it is a combination of 6 or 7 
processes what we are doing including choosing of locations. We have done 
enough research where we can get a good yield compared to the present 
production area, so it is a combination of all those things. It is slowly 
translating into the actual cost reduction. That will continue for the next 2 to 3 
years, this year will be a slight decrease and overall it will be for the next 2 to 
3 years and still we are continuing on many other things, we are trying on 
many other techniques where we can further cut down the cost. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Your production cost is probably in the range of may be Rs. 350 or Rs. 400 
packets today, so how much lower can it trend down as a result of all these 
initiatives? 
Mithun Chand: 
We are still trying it but for sure that is 10 to 15, it should further go down. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deepak Kolhe from B&K 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Kolhe: 
Sir, how we are seeing the cotton and non-cotton seed mix going forward? 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Mithun Chand: 
As of now, it is like glasses of 52-48, 52 of cotton and 48 of non-cotton. This 
year, it should be 50-50 and going forward in the next 2 to 3 years, we said 
that like 40 from cotton and 60 from non-cotton and by the hybrids and by the 
areas where we are operating, we think we can achieve it. 
Deepak Kolhe: 
When you say that non-cotton will be higher in coming year, so the share of 
vegetable to go up or you will concentrate more on the rice side or paddy? 
Mithun Chand: 
Every hybrid, everything apart from cotton, we are concentrating on it. That is 
including vegetables, maize, rice, bajra and all other crops. 
Deepak Kolhe: 
And sir, what is the CAPEX plan for the next year if you can give us? 
Mithun Chand: 
As I told earlier, year-on-year Rs. 20 to 30 crore should be enough for us for 
the next 2 to 3 years. We don’t see major CAPEX plans. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the floor back to the management for closing 
comments. 
Mithun Chand: 
It has been a pleasure interacting with you over the call. We thank you for 
taking time out and engaging with us today. We value your continuous 
interest and support. If you have any further questions or like to know more 
about the company, kindly reach our investor relations desk. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kaveri Seed Company Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining, you may now disconnect your lines. 
