   May 13, 2020 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531595 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: CGCL 
Sub: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Conference Call Transcript 
Dear Sir and Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of 
Conference call for Q4 Financial Year 2020 and Financial Year 2020 Results for your kind reference.  
The same is also uploaded on the Company’s website at www.capriglobal.in. 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for Capri Global Capital Limited 
Abhishekh Kanoi 
Vice President & Group Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
t 

Page 1 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
Transcript 
Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
Event Date / Time 
 
:  
11th May 2020, 12:00 Hrs IST 
Event Duration 
 
: 
41 mins 11 secs 
Presentation Session 
Bharati: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen.  I am Bharati, moderator for the 
conference call.  Welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited 4Q FY20 earnings conference 
call.  At this moment all participants are in listen only mode.  Later we will conduct a 
question and answer session.  At that time if you have a question please press star and 
one on your telephone keypad.  Please note this conference is recorded.  I would now 
like to handover the floor to Ms Sheetal from Go India Advisors.  Thank you and over to 
you ma’am. 
Sheetal: Thank you Bharati.  Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Capri Global 
Capital Limited earnings call to discuss Q4 and FY20 results, we have with us Mr. 
Rajesh Sharma (Managing Director), Mr. Ashish Gupta (Chief Financial Officer) and Mr. 
Hardik Shah (Vice President-Corporate Strategy).  We must remind you that the 
discussion on this call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be 
therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces.  May I now request 
Mr Sharma to take us through the company’s business and financial outlook subsequent 
to which we will open the floor for Q&A.  Thank you and over to you sir. 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Yeah, thank you.  Good afternoon everyone and thank you all for 
joining us on this call.  I hope you and your families are safe in these unprecedented 
times.  This is extremely challenging time for all of us and our thoughts are with those 
most affected by COVID 19, particularly those who are on the frontlines of this crisis.  I 
would like to highlight some of the ways we are responding to COVID 19.  
As you know, we are focused on being there for our employees, our customers, our 
clients and our communities in what is an unprecedented and uncertain environment. 
While we don’t know how this will play out and how long this will go on, we will be 
transparent hereabout what we know today.  Our number one priority is to continue to 
provide our services in an uninterrupted way while also providing a safe work 
environment for all of our team members.   
We are incredibly proud of all that our firm has been able to do over the past few weeks. 
The need of the hour for us is to ensure that we provide our workforce the right tool to 
ensure that they can effectively work remotely, including operations and finance team, 
sales and credit risk managers thereby ensuring their safety and wellbeing.   
Currently we have majority of our workforce working from home across the company 
except collection team and for those who still need to go into the office or into a branch, 
we are taking extra precaution and being extremely mindful of their safety.  We are 
aiding in other way to, for instances, we are offering free COVID related medical 
treatment for all our employees and their dependants.  To cater to various communities 

Page 2 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
during this challenging time we have distributed groceries and essential item to almost 
4700 families.  We have been associated with the eight NGOs to reach out to the daily 
wage workers, tribal families, children to deliver essentials in this pandemic situation.  
On the consumer side, we are proactively trying to service customers through every 
possible mode.  The customer care team is actively in touch with the customers via calls, 
emails and our business team are reaching out to customers and educating them about 
the impact of moratorium and other policy decisions.   
 
On the business front, the COVID 19 lockdown had not any impact on our ability to 
render services to our customers or lenders.  The sales and credit teams are actively 
communicating with customers, reassessing their portfolio and assessing their risk and 
further any requirement if any which we cater to.   
 
I would now like to discuss the highlights of our fourth quarter financial performance.  It 
might be an obvious point, but the quarter was really a performance of two months, 
January and February.  During Q4 the firm reported net interest income of INR 94 crore, 
profit after tax of INR 35 crore and an annualized return on equity was 9.2%.  While the 
underlying business fundaments this quarter performed very well, we reported numbers 
of significant items all due to impact from COVID 19. 
 
Given the uncertainty over the potential macroeconomic impact, we have made extra 
provisions for expected credit loss on the financial assets for Q4 FY20 and full financial 
year 2020.  Accordingly, the company has increased the outlay by increasing probablity 
of default and loss given default by 15% to 30% and made provisions of INR of about 
13.6 crore specifically pertaining to COVID 19 impact.  Based on the current indication of 
future economic condition, we consider these provisions to be adequate.  
 
I would now talk through some key matrix.  We continue to extremely prudent about our 
expenses and continue to strive our employees’ productivity through utmost use of 
technology.  This has in turn assisted us in bringing down our cost to income ratio to 
38.4% in FY20 against 46.6% FY19.  We are primarily funded by leading Indian banks 
and they constitute 95% of borrowing mix.  During the last 12 months we have built and 
maintained a strong liquidity position with addition of new bank line for about INR 2,000 
crore and have undrawn credit lines of about INR 605 crore ending FY20, the highest 
ever in the history of Capri global.  Additionally, we have around about INR 435 crore of 
cash and investments, which make us well placed on liquidity front at this point to tackle 
for any short-term headwinds.  Also, we have one of the highest capital adequacy ratios 
in the industry at 38.7%, which places us well for a future growth plans once the 
environment starts on recovery mode.  
 
 As a result of our stringent cost control and strong risk management framework, we 
reported a strong and healthy FY20.  Our profit after tax for FY20 stood at INR 161.2 
crore, a growth of about 19% YoY.  Our net interest income was 20% higher at INR 
387.2 crore for FY20.  During FY20 we disbursed approximately INR 1,276 crore taking 
our AUM to INR 4,035 crore.  MSME lending continues to be the key focus area and 
constitute 51% of the book while the rest of the contribution comes from construction 
finance and housing finance constituting 24% and 22% of overall portfolio, respectively.  
The asset quality remained healthy with GNPA (90+ DPD portfolio) at 2.36% and net 
NPA 0.79%.  Our net interest margin has improved to 9.5% in FY20 compared to 9.3% 
in FY19.  While interest rate increased to 6.4% in FY20 against 5.7% in FY19.  We have 

Page 3 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
maintained credit rating of A+ from CARE Ratings and AA- from Brickwork Ratings amid 
peer downgrades especially for the wholesale finance lenders.  Our ROE stood at about 
11% while our return on asset stood at about 3.7% for FY20.  We have also received 
approval from the largest lender of the country for securitization of loans to tune of INR 
500 crore rupees and we have signed MoU with the top PSB for co origination of loan 
during FY20.  We continued focusing on expanding our retail book and successful 
adoption of low-cost technology driven hub and spoke model has assisted us in taping 
underserved markets in cost efficient manner and optimize turnaround time.   
 
The NBFC sector has been adversely impacted due to the COVID crisis and I would 
briefly explain how we are positioned in the current scenario.  While the government and 
the RBI has taken multiple measures to boost economic growth, the sentiments are still 
weak and recovery is going to take some time.  RBI also took unprecedented measures 
of permitting moratorium for all the loans till May 31st.  We applaud them for the same, 
however, there are morale hazards and potential behavioral issues by the borrowers that 
we need to be careful about.  Given the severity of the shock, RBI may be required to 
take additional such measures for NBFCs and housing finance companies and the 
government must also intervene to take measures of revival specifically for sector like 
MSME, real estate, hospitality etc.   
 
Talking about our major portfolio that is MSME which have been severely impacted 
because of lockdown specifically for those MSMEs located in the red zone areas. The 
sector is facing challenges of asset quality and repayment due to lack of visibility of cash 
flows of these borrowers even when the lockdown is lifted.  At Capri we have been 
focused to lending in tier-3, tier-4 city.  Majority of branches falls in the orange and green 
zone where businesses have resumed operation.  As a matter of fact, only 1% of our 
total customers are engaged in industries such as tourism and restaurant that are 
severely impacted by COVID 19.  While the industry was reeling under severe pain prior 
to COVID as well, we already had slowed our pace of disbursals due to slow down in the 
business environment.   
 
Coming to our construction finance portfolio, it does not pose us with the much threat as 
majority of our projects that we lend to are affordable housing projects and our average 
exposure to our construction portfolio stands at about INR 7 crore per customer.  As per 
ANAROCK consumer sentiment survey May 2020, demand will remain undented post 
COVID 19 in case of affordable housing project.  So yes, probably in middle income 
group, in higher income group kind of projects we are seeing subdued housing demand 
which will impact project cash flows and deterioration of asset quality, but that is exactly 
not where we lend.   
 
On our housing finance subsidy, we have been lending in affordable housing to small 
ticket size borrowers with average ticket size of about INR 10 lakh.  In this regard, we 
have been very proactive about our multilayer credit approach which ensures the credit 
team personally spends time with the customer prior to disbursal to understand the 
income source besides the adequate technical valuation the legal team also do their due 
diligence.  We have an average loan to value of about 59% which would likely offset any 
fall in the prices and won’t impact in our ability to recover even in the event of default 
from a customer.   
 

Page 4 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
While we are taking all possible steps to ensure, we can get back to track specifically in 
areas in orange and green zone.  The situation is still very fluid.  However, at this stage I 
would like to mention that we are in a comfortable position given our strong liquidity over 
INR 435 crore rupees cash in hand plus undrawn limits of INR 600 crore plus, which 
gives us enough headroom to manage our financial obligations.   
 
So, to wrap up the challenge we are all facing as the COVID 19 crisis continues to unfold 
around the globe are unprecedented although we don’t quite know what the path will 
look like going forward, what we do know is that we will continue to be there for all our 
employees, clients, customers and communities as we always have been and we have 
the required talent resources and operational resiliency to do so.  Our employees have 
proven that being resilient is not just about maintaining operation, it is also about culture. 
And that feels a stronger than ever with our team across the country working harder than 
ever to continue to serve clients, customers and communities.  We have never been 
proud of our people and we simply cannot thank them enough and with that we may 
please open the line for Q&A. 
 
Bharati: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session.  If you have a question please press star and one on your telephone 
keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.  If you would like to withdraw your 
request you may do so by pressing star and one again.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you 
have a question please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  First question 
comes from Raghav Kabra from Excel Investments.  Please go ahead. 
 
Mr Raghav Kabra: 
Hello, yeah.  Good afternoon sir and thanks for the opportunity.  
Am I audible sir? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Yes, I can hear you. 
 
Mr Raghav Kabra: 
Yeah, sir I have two questions.  The first one is, you know, sir just 
wanted to understand your view in terms of what are the key problems that NBFCs are 
facing at this moment?  Yes sir, I will ask after you answer this question. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Okay, so I think there is no key problem as such.  This 
environment of uncertainty, how long the effect of COVID will remain and everybody is 
engaged in assessing their existing portfolio and also revisiting their underwriting 
policies.  At Capri, we have already evaluated which are the businesses that are 
severely impacted, which are the businesses we are not going to lend, which are the 
businesses we have to lend more.  So, I think NBFCs are in the assessment mode 
besides the retail side, we have to divide the problem between unsecured portfolio and 
secured portfolio differently, so while unsecured portfolio the problem may be severe in 
terms of NPA and customer not have prioritized repayment and the secured portfolio, the 
borrower is always prioritized to repay.  Lot of NBFCs are which are focused on the 
more corporate lending in the big-ticket size loans I think they may not get the required 
funding from banks because banks are cautious and lot of rating downgrades we are 
anticipating from rating agencies.  So, I think the effect and the problems will vary from a 
company to company depending on their portfolio and sector and how they operate. 
 
Mr Raghav Kabra: 
Okay.  Second one, even if it is uncertain, you know, during this 
current environment, but can you still tell us what sort of numbers are you working in 

Page 5 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
terms of growth and disbursements for the coming quarter if you have done some 
assessment? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, I think book will degrow in the first quarter, reason being 
except those businesses which are in the retail, grocery and support system of retail and 
grocery distribution and they have no other businesses we may start lending.  Once the 
lockdown is lifted, in every branch level our local team will submit their analysis, what is 
their revised demand and what is the businesses they would like to lend?  Our 
underwriting team is going to reassess that and then do the changes based on the 
localized policy for each region differently and then they start lending.  So I think 
precisely we cannot say today what could be the growth numbers, we do not know how 
the situation will unfold in everywhere, however, more than 50% branches are in the 
orange and green zone, which means that 50% of business should resume operation by 
mid of June, however we are cautious, we have not yet started the disbursement except 
few retail, grocery and the stores which are operational as of now. 
 
Mr Raghav Kabra: 
Okay sir.  One more thing, how is the situation in terms of 
borrowing market as of now?  Can you give us how much of bank lines have you added 
post this lockdown? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, we already have adequate liquidity as I explained, however, 
one of the lenders whose interest rate was high in this COVID time we have prepaid 
about INR 50 crore and some of the bankers we are identifying to prepay the loan 
because we have adequate liquidity.  We are expecting under TLTRO we will get few 
bank sanctions, which are in the sanction stage and the final outcome of those bank 
lines we will come to know by mid of June.  However, these additional bank line we are 
going to use to repay the high cost  debt because I think for next 12 or 15 months we 
already have adequate credit line and that is not worrying, so these all additional credit 
line which we get are going to be utilized to repay some of the debt, which is expensive 
than the new credit lines. 
 
Mr Raghav Kabra: 
Okay, that’s all from my side.  Thanks. 
 
Bharati: 
Thank you sir.  Next question comes from Darpin Shah from HDFC 
Securities.  Please go ahead. 
 
Mr Darpin Shah: 
Yeah, sir thanks for the opportunity.  If you can, you know, take us 
through the moratorium which has been availed by borrowers in each of the segments. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, if we talk about our housing finance company, housing finance 
borrowers who have opted are about 34%, in retail and the MSME sector about 44% 
customer have opted for the moratorium and in construction finance almost 35% of the 
customer have opted for the moratorium. 
 
Mr Darpin Shah: 
So, this by number or by value? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: By value. 
 
Mr Darpin Shah: 
Okay, and so can you provide us with the number so by number 
as well? 

Page 6 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Yes.  We can provide the numbers.  So, if you go by count wise in 
CGCL, MSME is about 39.1%, and in housing finance it is about 29.7%. 
 
Mr Darpin Shah: 
Okay.  And sir one last question from my end is, how are the 
banks, you know, what was the discussion with banks regarding moratorium for NBFCs? 
Are they allowing you to avail moratorium or what kind of discussions you are having 
with them? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So I think of late every bank have allowed, but since at Capri we 
are having so much liquidity available it was not making any sense for us to go to avail 
the moratorium, so we are not going to avail our all banks, majority of banks have 
offered the moratorium, but we have already conveyed them in writing that we do not 
wish to avail the moratorium from banks, while we are giving to our customers, but we 
are not availing it from banks. 
 
Mr Darpin Shah: 
Okay.  And one last thing, how much repayment, sorry how much 
liability payments do we need to do in the next six months? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Next six months it will be about INR 400 crore. 
 
Mr Darpin Shah: 
Okay, okay. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: But if you see we have a steady cash flow of repayment also and 
already there are bank lines with us including cash and cash equivalent which is lying in 
the mutual fund and all is about INR 435 crore and about INR 600 crores undrawn line, 
plus INR 500 crore additional lines available for securitization which we have not yet 
used.  So visual liquidity available, we don’t foresee that we will require any further 
funding and despite our customer chooses the moratorium and even the RBI increases 
the moratorium further, I don’t think the liquidity is issue.  The major challenge is how to 
restart the business, how to redefine the policies, how to take the advantage of the 
market where lot of NBFC may not be able to lend even to the needy and good 
borrowers and that is what we are strategizing when the market reopens up we will find 
that many players may not be willing to lend and that is the time we can choose our 
borrowers very carefully and with the high LTV margin, with the more safety by picking a 
good borrower we can grow our book. 
 
Mr Darpin Shah: 
Okay, sir.  Great sir.  Congratulations and thanks a lot. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Thank you. 
 
Bharati: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question please 
press star and one on your telephone keypad.  I repeat ladies and gentlemen, if you 
have a question please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Next question 
comes from Pratik Chheda IIFL Securities.  Please go ahead. 
 
Mr Pratik Chheda: 
Yeah.  Thanks for taking my question.  My question is, you 
mentioned that there is a possibility of a moratorium being extended, so just wanted to 
understand if there is a situation where the moratorium gets extended by a month or so 
is there any anticipation where how much of the customer then would, you know, opt for 

Page 7 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
moratorium and if there is a steep rise in this number, what is the threshold level where 
you as an NBFC then would want your liability side, you will start applying for a, you 
liability side moratorium? And how the banks, you know, are approaching this? Are most 
of them, you know, allowing NBFC moratorium or they are hesitant right now, what is the 
current situation in that respect? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: We do not know whether the moratorium will come or not and 
whenever it comes based on the situation I think case to case basis we will take the 
approach, but as of now we are not opted for the moratorium with the lenders, so we 
really cannot comment in a detail way on these things if moratorium is extended, how 
many months this will be extended and whether bank will do or not.  I think that is left to 
the RBI and to the lender. 
 
Mr Pratik Chheda: 
Okay.  Okay.  And second question is within MSME, I mean is 
there any segment wise breakup of which industries are, you know, witnessing good 
amount of collection efficiency and which are the segments which are, you know, pretty 
low in terms of collection efficiency? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So that analysis we have not done, but our business is very small 
ticket size lender, so it is not as such we can figure out the sector wise, but I think these 
are all front end and small units of manufacturing and assembly and service areas.  So, 
we have not figured out that and maybe we can do that and we can post that on website. 
 
Mr Pratik Chheda: 
Okay. 
 
Bharati: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question please 
press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Next question comes from Preeti Singh 
from Value Investments.  Please go ahead. 
 
Preeti Singh: Thanks, Bharati.  Good afternoon sir.  Sir my question was do you think 
that the measures taken by RBI are enough for smaller NBFCs to survive during this 
COVID pandemic? And what other measures do you think that the government or RBI 
should be taking in this time? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, I think RBI has timely intervened and done the targeted repo 
operations, they have pushed banks to lend to NBFCs, so I believe that NBFC and 
housing finance company may not have the major challenge in the liquidity side except 
few specific NBFC, who might have issue because of their rating or may be because of 
their high corporate or high exposure to the high-ticket size real estate developers.  I 
believe that some of the NBFCs may wish for one-time restructuring offering to their 
customers which are in the real estate sector side, but so far, I think NBFC sector is 
quite comfortable on liquidity side.  I think major challenge every NBFC is figuring out is 
how to do lending and which are the sector they can lend, they have to figure out their 
way because so far it is not clear that when the normalcy is going to come back.  I think 
that is the question nobody has the answer by when we have a protocol medical 
treatment which is effective or maybe we can find a vaccine, everybody can be free from 
the fear of this contagious disease. 
 
Preeti Singh: Thank you sir.  Sir another question…. 
 

Page 8 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Hello. 
 
Preeti Singh: Yeah sir.  Sir my next question would be how do you think the housing 
market will pan out in the next few quarters, since the repayment capability of many 
borrowers will be hit because of the salary cuts and the job losses? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, in housing finance, I think demand from salaried customer 
may not get impacted much, but from the self employment section the demand may be 
slowed down.  Further I think the property prices also developer will start offering at 
lower prices to push the inventories.  So, we have to see while larger project may face 
the problem of labor, because lot of labor have already migrated, so this year is going to 
be a difficult year for real estate side.  Smaller projects may face the problem, which may 
not be that acute and the larger project may have much more difficult times. 
 
Preeti Singh: Okay sir.  Also, sir given the fact that the moratorium was available from 
1st March, so your MSME, NPAs have gone up significantly in the quarter one, so what 
sort of stress do you foresee in your MSME portfolio in the coming quarter? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, coming quarter till May there is a moratorium available, so I 
think we will know in June. Definitely there will be some spike in the NPAs, but we 
cannot assess it so far.  Once we start collecting from the customers whose moratorium 
is ended and who is impacted and who is not, that we are already trying to assess the 
situation on ground our credit team and branch people are already in touch with the 
customers.  Some of the customers from their available cash flows, they are still paying 
and not opting for moratorium despite that is available.  I think that kind of a customer 
when they require money we will be able to lend them further as well.  However, the real 
impact on NPA we will come to know only in June. 
 
Preeti Singh: Okay sir.  Sir one last question, it’s data point, so what percentage of your 
portfolio be in the green or orange zone at this moment and what are the trends and 
terms of repayment you are seeing here? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, in terms of branch percent, it is 50% in the red and balance 
50% in the orange and green and as far as branches are concerned, Ashish have we 
prepared that analysis? 
 
Ashish: 
Presently that is not there. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Okay, I think we should upload that on our website also.  So, 
ma’am that detail is not readily available.  You can either contact us or we can definitely 
upload this information and add one slide in the presentation when we have it. 
 
Preeti Singh:  
Okay, thank you so much.  I will look at it on your website.  Thank 
you, that’s it from my side sir.  Thank you so much sir. 
 
Bharati: 
Thank you ma’am.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question please 
press star and one on your telephone keypad.  I repeat ladies and gentlemen, if you 
have a question please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Next question 
comes from Alok Shah from Monarch Network.  Please go ahead. 
 

Page 9 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity.  Good afternoon sir.  Two 
questions from my side.  Clearly the first question here being, the strength for Capri lies 
in its strong capital position, you know, capital adequacy of 38% and the strong liquidity, 
the number that you have talked about, but what is if that you are gathering some circles 
of NBFC, especially the ones which are low on capital in terms of some kind of, you 
know, liquidity aid or some relaxation on the capital side because we also have housing 
finance norms in terms of increasing their capital adequacy that starts from this year? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Correct. 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
So, what it is that, you know, you have been hearing, talking 
between your circles of NBFC entities, you know, to ensure that there is liquidity in the 
system to add to their liability obligations?  Or what is it that, you know, should really 
provide a wheel to kick start the overall credit cycle? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: I think there are two aspects of it.  One is liquidity available to 
NBFCs so that they can meet their repayment obligations, that is one aspect.  Another 
aspect is liquidities NBFC require for onward lending, for the fresh business.  So, 
liquidity available for repayment, the banks are already proactively working with that to 
knowing how much repayment obligation they are having, how much cash the deferment 
is happening because of moratorium.  So, the data is already sort by RBI as well as the 
banks from their customers and based on that they are addressing this need on a case 
to case basis where banks are taking term loan request and doing that. 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
Okay, okay. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Yes, however, no NBFC is able to yet figure out how much lending 
they will be doing the current year.  So, I think that question nobody has a clear answer.  
While everybody knows their repayment obligation and all that but I think it differs from a 
company to company, but I think liquidity is not going to be a major challenge this year 
because banks are proactively providing and banks are taking corrective step and 
government have realized all NBFC and housing sector is key important to deliver the 
credit to the sector and in the areas where banks cannot reach. 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
Sure okay.  And do you think, you know, in a vehicle like SIDBI or 
may be not really MUDRA in this existing format, but those two vehicles can also play an 
important role in ensuring liquidity into the NBFC sector? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, I think SIDBI has already announced their INR 15,000 crore of 
refinance window, a special window besides that they on a regular basis also they are 
offering refinance to their customers and all.  So, as I said the worry is not on availability 
of liquidity. 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
Right, okay, okay. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: I think worry is only two account.  What is that this degree of 
pandemic is going to affect the business, how long it is going to last, we do not know and 
based on the length of it where the normalcy, while lockdown will be lifted but we have to 
see that which are the areas where business is coming that to normalcy.  So, you 
believe that Capri being doing business in Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities where the impact is 

Page 10 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
not there.  If you look at the analysis of the COVID infected patient in our country, you 
figure out about 20-25 locations where 90% of patients are there. 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
Right. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, if we see majority part of the population area is still where the 
business will happen normally.  So major challenge is going to be which are the areas 
you can continue to rely and which are the areas still not come back to normalcy, 
something is going to major worry and based on that which are the customers require 
restructuring and they won’t be able to pay and which are the areas and sector 
specifically more unsecured lending how the situation can be of NPAs we do not know.   
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
So, it’s more about asset side of the balance sheet where there is 
lot of uncertainty.  On the liability side, you know, there is sufficient liquidity in the system 
and being made available to NBFC. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Yes, you are right. Okay. 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
The second point here is sir that, you know, as things open up and 
you know, come June, July would it be safe to say that we would might face a situation 
of an increased working capital requirement from all of these SMEs or small unit one 
from expanding their businesses or covering over for that loss of opportunity and/or may 
be trying to honor the obligation? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: I think many businesses which have lost their cash flow, they will 
require the working capital requirement.  I do not see except few sectors of where 
grocery and essential items supplies are being at home and some of the people are able 
to grow their businesses.  Barring those types of businesses, I think nobody is going to 
expand their business even the retail borrowers, but they would need money because 
they have lost on cash flow of two to three months and further they can see the 
slowdown.  So, while they have also cut their cost and take various measures and they 
might require the money for the working capital.  There are lot of borrowers despite this 
lockdown and their businesses are not generating adequate cash flow or no cash flow at 
all, from the past savings they are making their EMI payment.  I think those kinds of 
customers are something who are showing a good repayment track record and for any 
NBFC lender to lend them should not be any hesitation. 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
Right, sure.  Yeah and sir the last point here, the situation is very 
fluid and its evolving with every passing day, would it be safe to say that, you know, this 
should be a three to six months journey for entire normalcy to come back or a longer 
period?  You know normalcy in terms of NPAs, in terms of business growth? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: We believe that business coming back to normalcy will take longer 
time unless we see a certain way to treat the patient or the vaccine comes people are 
not going to do lot of activities like going to restaurant, travel, attending marriages, or 
leisure vacations, all are not going to come back to the normalcy.  While there are the 
ways of doing business in other things may change.  People will go more on digital and 
work from home and maintaining social distance will become a new normal, but few 
businesses are not going to see their cash flow coming back to normal see for quite 
some time till this pandemic and the cure is found in a certain way. 

Page 11 
 
Transcript - Capri Global Capital Limited Q4FY20 and FY20 Results conference call 
 
 
 
Mr Alok Shah: 
Okay, yeah that’s really helpful sir.  Thank you and wish you all 
the best. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Yeah.  Thank you. 
 
Bharati: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question please 
press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Next follow up question 
comes from Raghav Kabra from Excel Investment.  Please go ahead. 
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Hello, thanks again sir for the opportunity to ask question.  One 
question which I need to ask is like we have seen many companies taking strict 
measures to manage their cost during this current environment, to manage this current 
pandemic.  If any what sort of measures have you taken on the cost side? 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So we are taking measures like we are re-negotiating the rent of 
the branches and offices because we have almost 85 branches.  We are not hiring, the 
new hiring wherever people are resigning or leaving we are not replacing them where we 
think for another two-three months the business is not going to start so we can defer it.  
Besides we also have put our all expansion of branches on a hold till the certainty comes 
to the markets and certainty comes in the way businesses are going to be conducted, 
plus incentive and all are going to be more on the collection side, the business side there 
will be no payment of the incentive.  So, on every front we have taken the measures.  
 
Raghav Kabra: 
Okay sir, that’s all from my side.  Thanks. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: Thank you. 
 
Bharati: 
Thank you sir.  That was the last question for the day.  Now I handover 
the floor to Mr Rajesh Sharma for closing comments. 
 
Mr Rajesh Sharma: So, at Capri we will continue to pursue our stated line of strategy 
to continue to remain focused on MSME sector and continue to focus on the affordable 
housing.  In construction finance we are following a very unique strategy where ticket 
size of each transaction to each borrower exposure is about less than 8 crore rupees, so 
I think we have to reassess our underwriting policies which we have already done.  On 
ground we are going to test it after the lockdown is open, so which are the businesses 
are going to restart and looking at their requirement or those customers who still during 
moratorium period are paying on time despite that option was available to them, these 
are the customers requirement we will try to assess the credit facilities, so in challenging 
times we have to be more careful.  We believe that we are well positioned to understand 
the situation and we already have local knowledge of every market, which is going to 
help us to keep our asset quality in good shape and we will focus on the growth once 
normalcy come back to the markets.  Thank you so much.  Thank you for attending the 
call. 
 
Bharati: Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today.  
Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha’s conference call service.  
You may disconnect your lines now.  Thank you and have a pleasant day. 
