                              
       
 
 
 
 
 
 April 28, 2020 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
Re: Transcripts - Tejas Networks Limited Q4 FY 2020 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q4 FY20 Earnings Conference Call held on 
April 21, 2020. 
 
The intimation is also available on the website of the Company at www.tejasnetworks.com. 
 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely 
For Tejas Networks Limited                             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 N R Ravikrishnan  
 
 
 
 
 
 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer            
 & Company Secretary  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Tejas Networks Limited‟s Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY NAYAK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. KUMAR N. SIVARAJAN -- CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER, TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. ARNOB ROY -- CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, 
TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESH GADIYAR -- CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MUKUL GARG – HAITONG SECURITIES 
 
 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call of 
Tejas Networks Limited, hosted by Haitong Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing „*‟ then „0‟ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mukul Garg from 
Haitong Securities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thank you, Steven. Good Evening, Everyone. On behalf of Haitong Securities, I would like to 
welcome the senior management of Tejas Networks for the Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2020 
Earnings Call. 
As part of the senior management, we have Mr. Sanjay Nayak -- CEO and Managing Director, 
Mr. Kumar Sivarajan -- Chief Technology Officer; Mr. Arnob Roy -- Chief Operating Officer 
and Mr. Venkatesh Gadiyar -- Chief Financial Officer. I will now hand over the call to Mr. 
Sanjay to start the proceeding. Over to you, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you, Mukul. Thank you, everybody for joining the call late evening today. And at the 
outset, I hope you and your families are all safe and we are in a very unprecedented and tricky 
situation. So, I hope everybody has been taking care and doing well. 
I wanted to just make sure that we had uploaded the „Presentation‟ on our website, and also 
made the „Press Release‟. So, I hope you had a chance to download that or at least look at it 
online. 
So, I will be walking you through the presentation. So, let me start off with the first slide, 
which is the “Q4FY20 Key Updates.” So Q4, we did net revenues of Rs.52.7 crores and for the 
whole year the net revenues were Rs.379.8 crores, profit before tax for Q4 was Rs.126.5 crores 
of loss and for the whole year it was Rs.138.6 crores of loss. Basically, we had a very steep fall 
in revenues primarily in Q4 which is traditionally the strong quarter for us. And as a result, 
because most of our costs other than cost of goods, are manpower related and almost fixed in 
nature, the shortfall in revenues resulted in a relatively large loss for us. Within this Rs.138.6 
crores of PBT number for the whole year, we have a one-time impairment charge of Rs.69.9 
crores on intangible R&D assets which we have revalued and Venkatesh when he talks a little 
later will talk about it. It is a one-time charge. So, if you take that away, the loss would come 
down to some extent. As on March 31st, our order book which is confirmed orders in hand is 
Rs.483 crores, out of which we think 35% to 40% will be revenue in FY‟21. 
In terms of what is really happening in the sales of the company, so Q4, as I said, was 
adversely affected by the COVID situation for us in two different ways -- One is that 
confirmed orders that we had in hand, usually in the last two or three weeks, a lot of the 
customers come for final factory acceptance  testing and some of them are FOB orders, some 
of them are DDB paid orders, but because of all the logistics and everything else, all of those 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
orders just could not be shipped out, and actually have not been shipped out in any significant 
way because even though the lockdowns have partly relaxed in Bangalore, we still have a little 
bit of a challenge doing that. 
And second impact was that a lot of orders come late into the quarter from our existing 
customers who give us a forecast for whom the inventory is kept ready, and usually for their 
financial year end how they usually take these orders, but those orders again because of 
logistics issues and close downs could not be released to us both India and internationally. So, 
the net impact of that really made a pretty short Q4. All of these push outs orders from Q4 
should happen in Q1/Q2 depending on when things open up both in India and internationally. 
It is not business loss, but orders that got shifted out. 
For the whole year. If I look at it from a complete basis, we had a 57% drop in year-on-year 
revenue, which is a very steep fall. The reason for that is pretty simple; India was 79% of our 
total revenue in FY‟19, which declined by 63% and international really did not grow as 
expected… and I will go into the specifics of those a little bit later. Within India, the India 
government business was very, very weak; we had a year-on-year decline of 88%. So even at 
the end of Q3 call, we had mentioned that Indian government is very weak, there was really no 
business done by BSNL or BharatNet, which got year-on-year decline of 98%, it is not that we 
lost anything, there was really no project that got done. 
And the critical infrastructure, this is railways, utilities, power and all those, there we actually 
had orders, we were to ship it out. Those really got impacted by the lockdowns and we could 
not. So, the execution of those projects which we have in hand could not happen. So really the 
India government was the biggest drop. 
India-private, I am sure you are all tracking the sector. After the AGR first decision came out 
in October of last year, subsequent to that, really there has been a significant cut back in the 
CAPEX by all the operators in the second half of the year, and as a result that also partly 
impacted our business. In Q3 India-private was showing year-on-year growth, but when Q4 
happened, because some orders could not be shipped and some orders did not come, we had a 
6% decline year-on-year. 
The International, when we had again talked in Q3 end, we were quite confident that 
international at least on bookings will grow healthily during the year. But by the time we 
finished Q4, international declined 31% This again that a lot of large orders from our existing 
customers in Southeast Asia, Africa as well as Mexico got delayed although the orders are 
approved but they could not get the purchase orders to us. 
Second issue also is that in the first set of lockdowns around the world, most telecom operators 
pretty much what they call a lockdown on the network, in the sense that they were neither 
upgrading nor they were allowed to upgrade and they were not even touching the network to 
make any changes, because the networks are  critical services and they did not want to disturb 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
that. So as a result, even the orders that they had, they basically told us, “Please do not ship 
because our warehouses are not open and we will not be able to install it.” So that really kind 
of caused the decline in international. And again, from a business win perspective, momentum 
perspective, we felt that we are making good progress internationally. So, the net result was 
that the Run-rate business of India-private plus international decline 18% year-on-year which 
Q3 was actually on the positive territory. And we of course, continue to believe that IPR and 
R&D are very crucial for us. We have filed 349 patents till date and during the Quarter three 
new patents were approved and taking the total grant to 116. 
I am now moving to the next slide which is a little bit more segmental view of each of the 
business. If you see on the left hand side, the chart is “How our business was in different 
buckets in FY‟19.” And the chart on the right hand side shows “How it is for FY‟20.” So, at a 
high level, 79% of the total business of FY‟19 was from India and 21% was International. And 
in FY‟20, that ratio changed to 67% India and 33% International, of course, that total base 
shrunk, but just from a split perspective, it did move to 67%-33%. Within those segments, the 
India-private dominated more than half of our business for the year and was 52% of the year, 
declining on an absolute basis at 6%. International OEM was almost flat which was around 3% 
last year, it declined by 9% and this is not going to be a big part of our business going forward 
anyway. International-direct is where we were expecting a healthy growth. But because of the 
reasons that I mentioned earlier, the actual revenue basis, it was a decline of 33%. And within 
India government BSNL, and BBNL, the BharatNet stuff, really nothing happened in the year 
and the critical infrastructure projects also declined 71% for the year, primarily because of 
execution delays. We really won almost a large majority of the projects that were out there for 
bidding. We have a healthy backlog and a whole bunch of tenders that we have bid which are 
expected to get executed this year. 
So, if you see the overall focus again, we will continue to make sure that the Run-rate business 
which is the non-tender business continues to be something that we make our baseline, so the 
India-private as well as international is what we will continue to focus. 
The critical infrastructure business again, a large part of that is executed through system 
integrator, again, which are private companies, although the end customer may be a 
government entity, but we do believe that is a reasonably solid piece of our business which is 
continuing. 
At this stage I will hand over to Venkatesh Gadiyar, our CFO who will walk us through the 
next couple of slides on the financial side and give his views there. Gadiyar, please.  
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
Thank you, Sanjay. Good evening, everyone. Hope all of you are doing well and stay safe. 
Now, on the financial update, the Q4 revenue we saw a steep decline - of around 80%; the 
revenues were Rs.53 crores for the Q4 and for the year ended Rs.380 crores and on a year-on-
year basis for a full year, we saw a decline of 56% on the net revenue. EBITDA before 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
impairment for FY‟20 we saw a loss of  Rs.94.6 crores on year-on-year decline of 172.6% and 
there was a provisioning of around Rs.18 crores of overall expected credit loss in Q4. This is 
primarily on account of the delays in the payment or a collection from the BSNL and others. 
However, we do not see any collection risk on account of the BSNL same as this is coming 
from the BharatNet Project. And EBIT after one-time impairment had a loss of Rs.164.5 crores 
for the year FY‟20 which saw year-on-year decrease of 226.2%. There was a one-time 
impairment loss of Rs.69.87 crores of the R&D assets, including CWIP and capitalized R&D. 
Basically, we carry the R&D assets in two forms -- One is on CWIP and second one is on a 
capitalized product development. During the year we had made an assessment and tested for 
impairment of those assets. Certain assets in CWIP was impaired for which we felt that in the 
current situation we are seeing reduced future economic benefit, hence, we took the 
impairment charge of Rs.37 crores. And on the capitalized product development since we have 
developed newer versions of the products, we felt that it was prudent for us to impair the value 
of the intangible assets that we are carrying. As a result, we took the impairment charge of 
Rs.33 crores during the Q4 on the capitalized product development. 
And on a PBT basis we had incurred a loss of Rs.138.6 crores, again on year-on-year basis, we 
saw a decline of 192.4% and on a PAT basis, our PAT - loss of 237.1, saw a decline of year-
on-year basis 261 percentage. 
Overall, with the net revenue of Rs.380 crores, the loss from the operations was about Rs.69 
crores and one-time impairment of CWIP and capitalized product development of 70 crores 
totally comes to the loss of Rs.139 crores and with the deferred tax reversal of Rs.99 crores, 
the total PAT was coming to a loss of Rs.237 crores; however, we had recognized the deferred 
tax reversal of Rs.99 crores till nine months. Current quarter, there was no charge of deferred 
tax or MAT in this quarter as we are having losses in Q4. 
Next slide on the “Key Financial Indicator.” Our networth declined by Rs.126 crore during the 
quarter. We took an impairment on the intangible assets of Rs.70 crores, which is a one-time in 
nature and loss of about Rs.56 crores. Inventory has increased to Rs.252 crores. COVID has 
resulted in the push out of the certain shipments from Q4 and we expect to consume large part 
of the inventory in FY‟21. 
Trade receivables reduced to Rs.456 crores. We received only Rs.2.4 crores from BSNL 
during Q4 which was lower than the expected or planned for. And out of the backlog 
receivable around Rs.300 to 350 crores is to be expected to be collected during FY21 and DSO 
has increased from 268 days to 382 days as of December ‟19. Excluding BSNL, our DSOs 
have increased from 172 to 224 days. And subsequent to the year-end we have collected about 
Rs.12.5 crores from BSNL, that is just an update. Then working capital in absolute term has 
decreased. 
On the cash position, as of March 31st 2020, we are a debt-free company with the cash and 
equivalents including the investment in the mutual fund and  deposit with the financial 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
institution and the deposit with the banks stood up to Rs.280 crores. And in this tough time, we 
need to conserve the cash and keep enough cash in the balance sheet to support the future 
growth. During FY‟21, we expect to improve our cash position from the current level. Based 
on our expected collections and inventory usage and tight expense control we expect to see 
some year-on-year reduction in the operating expenses during FY‟21. And we have done a 
detailed cash flow planning for the next 12-months and we believe that we are well positioned 
to meet our business growth requirements. 
Then finally, for the year ended March 31st 2020, since company has incurred the loss, as per 
our policy, board has decided not to recommend any dividend for this year. over to Sanjay…. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Okay. Thank you, Venkatesh for walking us through the key financial indicators and as he 
emphasized at the end, the cash conservation is a very important thing from our business 
perspective and being a debt-free company, we would like to make sure that as the year 
progresses, we continue to improve our cash position based on the receivables which are very 
large amount and all visible to be collected as well as the use of the inventory which is 
basically the push out of last year which would be able to use during the current year. 
I am on the next slide, which is the COVID-19 impact on our business. So, this is an important 
thing because we have actually done a lot of work in terms of looking at different market 
research report. So, we looked at the Ovum Reports from a global perspective, and of course, 
we have our own view of the business, we have been talking to our customers. So just to give 
you a quick summary of what is the impact of the COVID on our business. So, number one is 
that as a company, I am very proud and happy to say that we have been able to successfully 
support all our customers globally. So, within a few days, we were able to put a business 
continuity plan into action. So, all field support, all technical support was on and given that 
telecom was declared as a critical infrastructure service, we were able to get a limited number 
of passes from the Ministry of Home Affairs even in the early days itself and we continue to 
have those passes. So, the good part of that is we have been able to consistently support all our 
customers. We are absolutely monitoring the progress and we are happy to say that all our 
customers where our equipment is there, we have been able to give 99.999% uptime over the 
last six weeks of lockdowns. 
Secondly, for our own internal purposes, safety is very, very crucial. We are following every 
rule to the hilt and making sure that as a corporate citizen we do the right and the best 
processes. So, we have implemented work from home for all employees who can do that. Very 
few employees who will need to come to our manufacturing facilities which is by the way on 
in a very limited way, or the people who need to come and access the hardware labs in terms of 
testing of the software, etc., they have been able to do, but everybody else has been 
productively working from home, we have been able to provide them all the VPN and all the 
other services, increase the bandwidth requirement in our own network, and as a business, we 
have been able to continue our business without any glitches whatsoever, and I have not heard 
a single escalation from any customer worldwide to mention that. 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
By the way, just on a lighter note, on 15th of April at 9 p.m. when the Prime Minister had 
talked about shutting off the lights and lighting of the lamps, the entire power grid 
infrastructure basically had a much lesser load, and I am very happy to say that all the four 
GMs of Power Grid actually sent a congratulatory note to Tejas, because the communication 
infrastructure, which was balancing the load was running on Tejas, and we made sure that 
nothing amiss happened during that time as well. 
Coming back to the next point, so there is clearly a very high degree of near-term uncertainty. 
To be honest, I have no idea how long the lockdown will be in Bangalore or in Bombay or in 
Delhi. The situation is evolving every day. In Karnataka they announced, certain concessions, 
but then they took it back. So, it is very, very obvious and clear that at least for the next two 
quarters, we really do not know how things are going to pan out. Not only in India, different 
parts of the world that we do business, by waves and by different sequences, the same impact 
is being seen. So, I would definitely expect that next two quarters will be very volatile. 
Number one, because of lockdowns, various governmental restrictions, supply chain sinks, for 
many days customs was not open, no transporter is picking any goods, international flights are 
not coming in and out, even if you need one component of out of hundred and if that is not 
available with you, it can disrupt your supply chain. A lot of customers are not taking things 
because their warehouses are not open. So, I think all of those disruptions, at least for the next 
two quarters will be on.  
The third thing which has come out very strong and clear and I am sure each one of you have 
directly experienced it and as a country we have experienced it that reliable working of 
telecom network has been a bright spot in the economy that we are able to do work from home 
or from wherever else, the mission criticality of the network is obvious. However, the data 
traffic on the network has dramatically gone up. I have been talking to our large customers in 
India, and one of them said that between 20% to 30% traffic increase they have seen just in the 
last four weeks, and just to give you a sense, people usually expect 20% to 30% data increase 
in a year, but here people have been able to see it in a few weeks. So, net-net if you see the 
right hand chart which is from the Ovum Reports, homes are modeling into small offices due 
to work from home and a lot of home broadband and data consumption for eLearning, 
entertainment, shopping, social networking, pretty much all of that is happening. So, the entire 
investment around home broadband is going to be significantly high. And mobile services can 
only do so much. But going for any high speed broadband, one would need fiber kind of 
service for home. So that is one trend we are seeing. So, if I were to look at it from medium 
and long term, I think we expect that there should be a net positive impact on our business. 
Clearly, optical infrastructure and GPON which is fiber-to-the-home infrastructure spending 
by operators around the world should increase and that is the sweet spot for our business, as 
bandwidth will be upgraded. So, backbone network capacity has to go up. Again, there our 
DWDM equipments were used. Fiberization will continue both for home broadband and of 
course existing 4G networks have to be strengthened and you are seeing some of that in India, 
how the networks are choking. Of course, 5G networks are going to be delayed. Clearly, I do 
not think that is going to be a priority for many countries for the next couple of years. 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
And the last part again, I am sure you have been tracking all the news reports, but we get direct 
feedback from a lot of our customers, that customers are very specifically looking to diversify 
their supply base away from China. But there has been a significant amount of discomfort 
where they put a lot of their suppliers out of China and they are very, very clear that for variety 
of reasons, they would like to get an alternate from China and we seem to be very well 
positioned for those kind of services especially in the market that we service which is 
Southeast Asia, Africa, US and Mexico and of course, India. So, I think that is the last part 
which I think is going to play out. How well? How much? It is really something which we do 
not know. 
So just to summarize this slide, I would say clearly a lot of choppiness near-term. It is very 
hard to predict anything to be honest. But if I look at a medium term and long term outlook, 
there is an opportunity. And that is why being solid on cash is a very high priority for us, 
because that will give us the benefit from these opportunities as they open up. 
Going to the next slide in terms of the Business Update, I have one slide for the India and one 
more for International. So, in the FY20 Update, as I mentioned, for government account, it is 
not that we lost any business, it is just that hardly any business happened. Although they have 
publicly announced that they want to do a lot more in a coverage of BharatNet from 125,000 
villages to 250,000 villages by August 21. But realistically speaking, given what is happening, 
we really have to see the things on the ground before we get a good comfort around it. During 
the last year, we did collect Rs.88 crores of pending payments from BSNL and BharatNet. We 
still have some amount pending. We do not see that risk, I mean, as Venkatesh said we did 
collect Rs.12 crores even in the last week or two, but clearly, what happens to BSNL funding 
and rollouts of 4G and so on, will really determine the kind of business we get from that 
account both for BSNL as well as BharatNet. 
The critical infrastructure is not one business, but through lots of little businesses between 
railways, metro, power, oil and gas. Telecom is like a very small portion of their total spend. 
Since those are infrastructure projects which continue at their own pace, we do not see any 
difference coming into that. A lot of these video surveillance projects and stuff like that, we 
have orders which the execution got delayed. We also have been into a lot of tenders last year, 
some of them we have won and the POs are not in our hand which we expect to come out for 
execution next year. So, net-net, this is a business that we primarily have  shifted to doing 
through system integrator so that we are not having any direct exposure both in terms of 
payment or in terms of risk, but at the same time building a pretty strong funnel for next year 
as well. 
Lastly, I would say the preference to “Make in India” policy is being strengthened from all the 
indicators we are getting from the government. They are really serious that telecom being a 
critical infrastructure, they do want to diversify the supply chain risk, they want to see “Make 
in India” can be used, and maybe this is the time that they think Indian companies need to step 
up and clearly, we have the product and technology to get there. 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
We have again, as I said, in the critical infrastructure segment, there are some large tenders 
again through the SI partners for defense and some state-led fiber network which we actually 
won in FY‟19 and we were expecting the orders to come in FY‟20 and execute but the entire 
year is gone and given things are slow, we do expect those orders to come in and get executed 
in FY‟21. 
In terms of private accounts, you all are aware of the AGR issue and how it pretty much 
stressed out the sector and everybody was really focused on taking care of that issue rather 
than any CAPEX investments and so on. But I am again happy to say that for one of the largest 
GPON rollouts that is going to happen in the country, we have been selected as a supplier for 
that. We do not see any revenue impact in the near-term because we have to do all the 
integration of our equipment into their management and other systems. But Q2 onwards we do 
expect to start seeing business from that. And this can be a long term revenue driver for us 
because home broadband is where a lot of focus will be and we being into that application 
should give us good business. 
Of course, we partnered with Tata to roll out one of the largest public WiFi network for 4,000 
railway stations last year which was done again on GPON technology. You would have seen 
even Prime Minister tweet about 4,000 stations being done. We are happy to say that we 
partnered with the railways to execute that project on behalf of Tata. 
Again, coming back to the private operators for next year, we feel the data traffic has gone up, 
home broadband and business broadband connectivity, which is the segment that we focus on, 
would definitely have a lot more demand. And given that they are incumbent suppliers and all 
the major telcos, as and when they spend CAPEX which we expect at least for our part of the 
business should start happening soon, which I heard some public announcement that they 
would like to accelerate the home broadband rollout, we expect that this part of the business 
should show a good business next year. But again, I would like to caution that all of these 
things are all subject to the macro environment of how things pan out. And clearly, we will not 
be insulated from that except for the fact that telecom is a critical infrastructure that everybody 
wants to build up for. 
Going to the next slide on international, again just a quick summary slide in terms of which 
part of the world are we focusing on and what is the addressable market? I mean, the short 
answer is, we are focused on three geographies. This has been consistently something that we 
have been doing for the last 18-months or so. So, we are focusing on Africa and Middle East. 
Africa has now become a very important territory, in fact, despite all the other regions slowing 
down, Africa did show a good growth last year and it is actually becoming a fairly large piece 
of our business. We have had strong leadership there. And that part of the business itself is $2-
2.5 billion dollars per annum. South and Southeast Asia, again, we are targeting in a few 
countries; Malaysia, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Vietnam and so on. Again, we won a lot of 
business last year. Orders did not fructify in Q4, but we do expect that this year in Q1 
hopefully once the opening of those countries happen and going forward we should see some 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
orders inflow from these countries and this should again become a good region. Mexico is 
something which we have been doing well. US is a market which we have been trying to do 
well and we have still not made much progress, but it is a very large market. So, if we look at 
all the three markets, we have a fairly large addressable market of about $9 million per year. 
Going to the next slide in terms of each of these segments, how did they do and where we are. 
So, Africa and Middle East, I think, again was the strongest growing region for us; we grew 
20% year-on-year last year. And more importantly, we won 3 more tier-one operators in 
Africa, and we are of course getting significant repeat business from some of the existing large 
customers. The team is in place. We have split the team. We have a strong leader which is a 
local leadership based in Johannesburg. During Q4, we also had a strong local leader based in 
Middle East based out of Dubai. So now literally I would say that that region is well-invested 
with local team, local people, local relationships. And despite all the other challenges, we 
expect this region to give us good results in the next year because we see a strong order funnel 
from existing customers. 
And one thing I must tell you that the way we are planning our FY21 business, we are 
assuming that a significant part of the business has to come from existing customers, because 
winning new customers in this uncertain environment with travel restrictions, especially 
internationally is going to be a little bit tricky. So, the initiative from our side is that we have a 
lot of products to sell. We may be in one or two applications in every customer. But can we 
find a way to get into more applications and get a larger wallet share from them? 
And given the fact that in Africa a lot of broadband infrastructure is being built especially from 
web scale companies, the Googles, the Facebooks and the Microsofts of the world are making 
large  bandwidth investments into Africa. We do expect that our converged access solution for 
GPON and wireless would give us good business in Africa. 
In South and Southeast Asia on FY‟20 basis, our revenue declined primarily due to some large 
order push outs by customers, existing customers actually Malaysia, Bangladesh and Vietnam 
in Q4. We also got a new tier-1 win during the year out of Hong Kong which is a global 
customer and we got initial orders and we see that we will be able to increase our footprint into 
that account during the current year. And again, as I said, because of the push outs of Q4, we 
should see a good inflow of orders in the first half. And of course, we are increasing focus on a 
few specific countries like Philippines and a couple others where we were not focusing on 
earlier, and hopefully  with some local sales team that we put already in place, and we expect 
those to start delivering. 
In terms of North America, Mexico, again, recently, we won a new tier-1 customer and we 
continue to get repeat business from existing customers, although the revenues on an absolute 
basis declined in Mexico, again due to push out of orders in Q4. But if I look at the FY21 
funnel, from existing customers, we see a pretty strong order funnel plus we have won a few 
new applications in them and which would give us a higher wallet share in the Mexican 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
accounts. And again, we are fully staffed in Mexico with local teams and we are confident that 
even the travel restriction should not come in the way of business as and when it happens 
there. 
US, as you remember, we rejigged and we hired a new head of sales and CTO for the US 
market last year. The business in FY‟20 to be honest was still very low although we did get six 
new customers, these are small customers, and we also signed a couple of new system 
integrator channels. This is something which we figured out in the US that the Tier-3 SP 
accounts are very small accounts and it is very hard for us to cover them directly. So, we have 
now been talking to a few system integrators who already have a fairly large reach into these 
accounts and they are selling all kinds of different products. They are not OEMs but they are 
more like reseller channels. We have developed a few channels and if we look at the leads that 
these channels are generating for us from tier-3 customers, that is something which is 
encouraging. While the tier-2 customers, we are going direct. So as a combination, our direct 
sales team can attack the bigger accounts, our channel team through this system integrators can 
attack the smaller accounts and the combination of the two, we expect to deliver results this 
year in FY‟21, although in FY‟20, as I said, it was really not as per our own expectation. So, 
that is kind of a quick summary on the international business far last year and the outlook for 
FY‟21. 
I am now on to the last slide, which is more like just kind of the summary of how we look at 
the whole business. So, clearly, FY‟20 was not a year that we are happy about in terms of 
either revenue or profit. Really, we got hit initially by the Indian government business, which 
absolutely did not happen at all, and secondly, we got hit by the AGR issue in the India-private 
sector and then later on, when we are expecting the international to come up in Q4 some of our 
orders got pushed out because of the COVID and other situation. So, I think FY‟20 was a year 
where we faced  rough weather  but we have to learn our lessons and  move on. 
So, what we are doing really is the number one focus and priority for the company given the 
uncertainty of the environment is the cash position. That is one area where we feel that with 
Rs.280 crores of cash and no debt at all, we are in a comfortable position. We stressed out all 
our different business models, the best case, the worst case and all the other situations and we 
feel that we are absolutely in a comfort zone in terms of having adequate cash to have and 
grow our business despite all the challenges in the future. 
We also have a receivable of Rs.456 crores and as Venkatesh mentioned earlier, we expect to 
collect 300 to 350 crores out of it even with some amount of BSNL money getting delayed, we 
still feel that most of this money is something which we have a very strong visibility, lot of it 
should come into the first half of the year itself. And inventory of Rs.252 crores which we 
basically built for Q4 and some of the earlier shipments, we should be able to ship that out. It 
is all perfectly alive and with incremental inventory investments during the year, we should be 
able to generate revenue. So, these two alone should bring a lot more cash into the system. 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
And the last part is really to do the expense management and burn rate. And we have 
consciously looked at all expense items, of course, manpower and salary are our largest item. 
So, any variable cost that we have in the company, including the manpower cost, we have 
really tightened all of that and we will make sure that expense wise we keep a very tight ship 
till we start seeing the overall macro environment on business improving. 
So really, the sales focus is going to be the big thing for us. And we have to increase our 
market share in international countries where we already have a presence and get a larger 
wallet share of our existing customers both in India and internationally. And again, this is the 
best way for us to ensure that in a turbulent year, with existing relationship, we can get a lot 
more business. We have a lot of products to sell. We have not sold all the products to all the 
customers and that is an opportunity that we are taking it as a challenge. 
Order book, again, would give us a certain amount of revenues from Rs.483 crores. As I said 
35% to 40% we have very clearvisibility should be executed in FY‟21. 
Again, the next part is the GPON. And GPON is one thing which as a technology we think… 
and I talked about the Ovum Reports earlier where home broadband is going to be a big focus 
for all the operators around the world. And this is one area where we seem to be competing 
with the biggest and the best in the world and are winning in the toughest RFPs around the 
world. We have good amount of confidence and comfort that with the number of engagements 
we are having in GPON around the world and NG-PON which is the next-generation 
technology after that, we think we should have a fairly strong product portfolio to get multi-
year revenue growth. And of course, as and when the Indian telecom sector recovers, which of 
course is as good a guess mine versus yours, we do think that Make in India policy and 
diversity of supply chain risk and the product fit that we have, we should be able to see some 
benefit from that. 
Last but not the least I want to make sure that while times are tough and we are taking a real 
hard look at every expense, we are also conscious that as a company, making R&D investment 
in a judicious way is very, very crucial to increase our product competitiveness, so we will 
continue to invest in R&D but of course in a very focused manner and make sure that our R&D 
priorities are set based on the application wins and based on the business outlook that we are 
seeing so that we really get a lot more productivity out of everything that we are investing. 
In the near term, as I said, we are cognizant that there is a lot of uncertainty because of the 
COVID situation. There could be delays in shipments and orders could be pushed out. We are 
also seeing some delays and receivable customers are saying, “Well, next week, banks are 
closed.” All kinds of things and in fact, a lot more collections actually we were expecting in 
Q4 pretty much got pushed out because of these reasons. So, I believe that all of these things 
will continue. It is not very clear that how this whole thing will pan out. So, till this clarity 
happens both in India where we are located as well as internationally where a lot of our 
customers are, we will continue to see choppiness in the near-term, whether it last two quarters 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
or longer, we do not really know. Of course, the only thing we could do is make sure that cash 
is what is in our control and expenses are in our control and getting more from our existing 
customers is something that we are pushing hard. So, what we can control we are doing, but 
beyond that we do need to be aware of the overall uncertainty. 
Medium term, if I look at, clearly, telecom is one of the sectors around the world, which 
should gain out of the new normal as they are calling in terms of how people life will be in 
terms of work from home, home based entertainment, learning and every other thing that we 
all actually experience every single day directly that will impact, that networks have to become 
bigger, fiber-to-the-home and other kind of services have to be there because wireless can only 
do so much and that is basically the area of focus for our company‟s products for the last 
couple of years. We believe that turnaround as and when happens, we are ready for it and 
should gain out of it. Of course, the macro driver in terms of data usage, broadband 
consumption, the cloud, all that stuff continues to still stay put except that the timing of some 
of those investments may shift a little bit. 
And the last one again, I must tell you, and it is kind of an evolving situation every single day, 
that there is a significant amount of opportunity which could potentially open up because 
people do want to diversify their supply chain risk away from China. And clearly, we feel that 
is an opportunity that we may be able to take advantage of given the richness of our product 
portfolio, the fact that we have been able to compete with the best in the world, except that we 
do need the right opportunities from the customer. In fact, now it is becoming very interesting 
that some of our sales people are coming back and say, “This used to be 100% account which 
was only being run by Chinese companies.” And customers explicit mandate is to get an 
alternate supplier and that is why our opportunities opening up. So, I hope that some of those 
things should come into play. But overall, I would say that last year again was a disappointing 
year, both in terms of revenues and profits. We did what we could but there is so much of 
things which happened around us that we did not have much control on the output. What we 
are controlling is cash and going forward once the COVID situation clears, we do feel that as 
and when things get ready, we should be in a position to get better business. And at this stage, I 
would say the management team and the board are really watching the situation very closely, 
and making sure that we take this as more like cash conservation being the number one priority 
of the company and then while we look at revenue growth and all the other opportunities. So 
that‟s kind of the way we are working in the company today. At this stage, I will pause and 
maybe we can take questions from everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rahul Bhasin from Baring Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Bhasin: 
Can I just request you to give us some color on what your competitive landscape is, who are 
your competitors and if you were to go out of business tomorrow, what is it that the customers 
would miss and who else could fill that slot? 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
Sanjay Nayak: 
We are in the optical and the home broadband, which is the fiber-to-the-home segment. So, the 
competitors really are from the western world for GPON which is the FTTH, we have Nokia, 
which is Alcatel-Lucent as one competitor, and then we have Huawei and ZTE from China as 
the two other competitors. So really, if I were to see in any deal in the world, it is between 
these four of us and primarily Nokia, Huawei and us are the three main players in the broad 
markets in the GPON. In US alone, there is a company called Calyx which is just focused on 
the FTTH segment of the market for GPON and NG-PON, is the competitor in that segment. 
Coming to the optical infrastructure which is the backbone and the metro and the access 
network, and the technology there which is used is DWM. There again the main competitor 
from the Western world is Ciena, which is the number one company in the world in terms of 
the optical transmission today. And by the way for many, many years we are the OEM partners 
to Ciena for certain parts of their portfolio, and then we have Nokia which is again the Alcatel-
Lucent portfolio from the Western world. Third company from the Western world is the 
Infinera. These are the three guys but primarily if we see in the market that we operate almost 
all the time if we were to look into we would either run into Ciena or Nokia from the west, and 
again we would run into Huawei or ZTE and there is another third company called Wuhan 
Research Institute, which has now been rechristened to FiberHome. Those are the companies 
that we see in terms of the competitive landscape. One thing I must tell you that everywhere in 
the world, whether it is in India or in Africa or in Mexico or in the US, we are running against 
the same guys, and given a fair shot in all the markets we are winning if we get a fair 
opportunity against these competitors. 
Rahul Bhasin: 
What are the market shares at the moment? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
If I am not mistaken for optical transmission Ciena is at around close to 25% to 30% market 
share in the world and Huawei is in a similar range, followed by Nokia which will be around 
15% to 20% of the global market, but the global optical transmission market is around $16 
billion to $17 billion per year, and as I said Ciena‟s revenues around $4.5-5 billion. So, 
between Ciena, Nokia and Huawei, they would probably be 70% of the market and then you 
have ZTE, then Infinera, then ADVA and many other companies who come to the tail end. 
And for the broadband market which is the fiber-to-the-home GPON, Nokia would be the 
market leader in the world, followed by Huawei, and then followed by different champions in 
different countries, like in India, we have the largest share of GPON market and US has Calyx 
and China of course, it is Huawei and ZTE, so that is what it would be. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Kshatriya from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
My first question is with regards to the international business. So, if you look at past few 
quarters, our commentary has been fairly positive regarding international business. And 
whereas we have seen a sharp decline in the revenue from this part. I remember you were 
talking about US tier-1 client win. So, do you think that scaling up in certain account has been 
a challenge, because I understand that this COVID-related issue was mostly like a March 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
phenomena, but if I look at enough of the 11-months we should have been at a much higher 
level, so what would you put that as and do you think both problems are behind us and we 
should be seeing growth going ahead? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Good question first of all. If you see the international business, our optimism was based on , 
two assumptions -- one is getting orders from existing customers, whether customers in 
Malaysia or Africa or Mexico, so those orders which we kind of take it for granted if I were to 
say it in more simple way, because it is a forecast order, we know they needed, so those are the 
ones which actually got shifted in the 11th month, because most of the time those orders come 
late if you really see, March revenues have been very heavy for us. So, when I mentioned that 
there is a significant part of revenues of Q4 which we could not ship because of those orders 
getting delayed, those are from the existing customers. Now coming back to the new customer 
wins we had, we actually did win a significant amount of business. In fact, we actually as late 
as in Q3, where the RFPs were decided in our favor and we were expecting that the orders will 
come in Q4, but maybe procedural delays, maybe whatever other reasons were happening in 
those countries, some of those orders basically got pushed out. So, for example, we have won a 
large deal in Middle East which is a multi-million dollar deal, large deal in West Africa, which 
again is a multi-million dollar, large in South Africa, large in Mexico, these are new customers 
beyond the existing, so we were expecting even when we had the commentary in January that 
those orders should fructify based on what it is. So those things we have won, but just the 
conversion has been a little bit behind plan if I were to say. So those are the two reasons that I 
would say the international has not shown results in terms of the Q4, instead of increase, it 
actually declined because the base was not that big. And the only disappointing thing in terms 
of what was below our expectation in terms of even customer wins was actually US, because 
in other territories, we did not get revenues or even confirmed orders in our hand by Q4, but 
we did get the win, which means we have been selected officially and it is a question of now 
getting the orders from them. But in the US market, I think we are still kind of finding our feet 
in the direct way and going after the TSP through a channel strategy which we kind of devised 
because we are not able to cover enough account. So, US was something which clearly, we are 
still getting a better handle on, but the other geographies seem to be doing okay except that 
they have not shown in the results yet. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
My second question is regarding the India-private business. Here we saw a decline. Would you 
say that the market itself has shrunk for India-private or you lost market share in this business 
because I would have expected higher fiber rollout because a lot of CAPEX is happening 
towards fiberization. So, how would you say that this decline? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
In India-private, as we explained earlier, there are two factors. By the second half of the year, 
the active electronics CAPEX definitely shrunk because of the post AGR issues from what we 
know after October hardly any orders went across any private operators by the way except for 
the minimal stuff that people needed. So, that was one factor. But more than that factor was a 
question of which all applications in each customer account have we been selected for. So, for 
example, in one operator, one application which was doing fine, but they did not expand their 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
metro capacity as much as we thought, so, which did not happen last year, but should happen 
this year because now we already designed into that. Another operator as I mentioned, we have 
now been selected for their fiber-to-the-home rollout. But no real business has come, but as 
and when the rollout start happen and as and then our products  get integrated into their 
system, we should be able to see revenue from that account. In the DWDM category for 
example, which is where some of the intercity and the larger backbones are there, we were not 
designed into any of these applications for those guys. We would have of course not got any 
business from that segment. So, given the segment that we are operating, we believe that last 
year while we would have got a reasonable amount of business but the more comforting thing 
for us from a structural angle was that we won a few new applications which should give us a 
consistent revenue going forward. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Can you just comment on this large GPON customer win which you talked about for India-
Private? Are you the exclusive supplier in that segment or you have some competition, how 
was…? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes, we are definitely not exclusive. They already have an incumbent supplier and with whom 
they have rolled out to a limited way. But we believe that going forward, once we are 
integrated into all the systems, we should be able to get a larger part of their build outs based 
on all the competitive advantages that we have. So, definitely we are not the only one but there 
are not too many competitors either in that account. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Lastly, can you just comment a bit on the write-off because if I look at historically FY‟17 you 
had a Rs.30 crores write off of the similar nature, now, you got almost Rs.70 crores write off, 
do you think that your amortization policy needs to be adjusted to writing off or maybe have a 
faster rate of the intangible? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Actually, in FY17 if you remember, we actually wrote off because that work that we were 
doing, we had abandoned that project. Whereas what we have done right now is we have only 
taken impairment in the value of the asset that we are carrying. So, if you see from R&D 
policy, we are not changing the R&D policy. After we capitalize, we anyway amortize over a 
24-month period. So, if we capitalize on month-x, 24 months from that we amortize which is 
what is already two years. What we are doing is, given the current situation, we just thought 
that there is a potential to take a more critical view of which asset we are carrying on the books 
and Venkatesh had explained earlier. If it is more prudent to say that what, you already have a 
slightly newer version of this, so the current version will sell slightly lesser, we have taken 
impairment of that asset as part of the carrying of the asset. I do not think we are going to be 
changing the R&D policy, but we will critically continue to evaluate any asset that we create, 
whether it should be expensed off in the same year itself, or should even be capitalized in the 
first place, because that is something which we will continue to do so that given the R&D 
nature, as I said, we anyway have a two-year window for the amortization and we will 
continue to evaluate that. 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
On BSNL you said that Rs.2.4 crores was received in this quarter and after that there was 
certain more portion which was received. Can you please repeat what was that amount? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So, in Q4, we only received Rs.2.4 crores and if you have all been reading the press, nobody 
really got paid after December tranche of money that BSNL had released. And in this quarter 
since April 1, we did receive another Rs.12.5 crores of payment. So, the payments are coming. 
Of course, BSNL itself still does not have. While all the policy measures and the financial 
package was announced, on the ground, the money which is being released from the 
government to BSNL is still not as per the plan. And as and when they keep getting money, we 
keep getting paid as well. So that is why in the first two weeks of this quarter which is the 
April quarter, , we got another Rs.12.5 crores of payment from them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Sanjay, just wanted to understand a bit about I think you earlier mentioned about the criticality 
of holding cash. If we look at Q4 due to partial sales in this quarter, you had operating loss of 
over Rs.50 crores. If I do not take into account the credit loss which you guys have booked this 
quarter. How long do you think you have comfort on cash given this kind of burn especially, it 
seems like Q1 will be washout, do you have ways to bring down salaries or other costs 
meaningfully to kind of elongate your cash position? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
A very good question. And this is something which I kind of alluded to maybe in my earlier 
comment and I can go into a little bit of more detail. So, the way we are looking at cash flow is 
that number one is that out of the Rs.450 crores of receivables, we actually have a month wise 
collection plan basically which we have a fairly high degree of certainty and visibility in terms 
of what is going to come into the company. So that is going to be a fairly large amount. And if 
you remember I mentioned that a significant part of our collection should come into the first 
half of this year itself. So, that is one part where just the receivables alone… and these are just 
by the way time bound receivables except for something which because of the banking system 
lockout in late March in many countries, some of the remittances could not come to us in that 
sense, but as things open up, that money should just come to us. So, I feel that the receivable 
alone gives us a lot of comfort in terms of taking care of our burn rate. So, if you really see our 
burn rate, fixed burn rate is close to if I include salaries plus all the rentals, utilities, everything 
else is in the tune of something like Rs.18 to 20 crores per month. So, if I look at it this way, 
we are talking of Rs.60 crores outflow from a basis of our burn rate, and that again as 
Venkatesh had mentioned we are continuing to tighten to the extent possible. If I just see from 
a very simplistic angle, we need to collect much, much more than Rs.60 crores per quarter 
which I think we already have a very strong visibility in terms of what money is coming in this 
quarter. That is one part. The second part is for the revenues… even though we will have a 
slow Q1 clearly because April is gone, May also nobody really knows what is going to be 
there, so, it can be a pretty bad quarter, but the good news is the inventory is already there. So, 
my outflow on inventory payables will also be very marginal, because I already have the 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
inventory which was supposed to ship out in Q4. So, that again will not require new cash out 
of me. So, the resultant of these two alone, we will be able to make sure that as long as we 
collect more than Rs.60 crores just at a rule of thumb basis per quarter, we will be continuing 
to actually add cash into our system rather than deplete cash. So, if you really see over the 
years if we can actually collect anywhere between Rs.300 crores to 350 crores out of the 450 
crores that we have because some of it is retention money which will come later, so that plus if 
I can convert say out of Rs.250 crores of inventory, I convert another Rs.100 crores of 
inventory or Rs.125 crores of inventory which will result into say Rs.250 crores of revenue. 
So, for up to 250 crores of revenue, I hardly have to make incremental investments in my 
outflow. My only outflow is the monthly burn rate of Rs.20 crores. My inflow is going to be 
Rs.300 crores to 350 crores spread over next nine months or 12-months. So, as a result when 
you do that math, our cash position is clearly going to be improving. And clearly as I said on 
operating cash basis the employees, the third-party contractors, that we are tightening it up and 
we think around 10% year-on-year reduction we will be able to achieve anyway. So, I think 
those are the measures which give us confidence and comfort that even if Q1 or Q2 or Q3 is a 
washout cash wise we will still build up a stronger position by the time the year progresses. 
Mukul Garg: 
In terms of opportunity or potential to bring down the operating cost, you said Rs.60 crores per 
quarter, do you have any levers to cut your salary cost? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
The way our salaries we have structured now is 80% of the salaries will be fixed and 20% of 
the salary… I am talking of an average for the company, of course, for senior management, it 
is almost half and half, in the sense, 55% of the salary is fixed, and 45% is variable, but across 
the company, if I take the average, 20% of the salary is variable, and in the compensation 
committee and the board and the company, we have decided that 20% variable will only be 
linked to the profitability of the company. So, if we do not grow to a certain minimum level, 
that 20% is an amount which is available to us in terms of the savings of cost. So that is point 
one. Second thing is there is a lot of variable cost which we have in our services team because 
in this business, the installation and commissioning, we outsource to our third-party 
contractors. So, if that business is going to be slow, clearly, we will be able to save our 
services cost, which by the way were quite significant last year, if you really see our services 
cost here were something to the tune of Rs.37 crores which is about close to 10% to 15% of 
our total operating cost. So that cost significantly can come down at least as third-party 
installation cost. So those are the two big levers in terms of the operating costs. The bigger 
money outflow actually happens in the case of inventory. By the way, this building inventory 
actually in one sense assuming if and when business environment stabilizes, is actually an 
asset because worldwide supply chains are getting disrupted. We have inventory in stock. We 
can use if customers want quick surveys or quick deployments of a product. We actually have. 
In fact, for example, I am just highlighting in the last two, three weeks, within India, certain 
customers said, “You know what, do you guys have inventory of X, Y Z, because I just need 
critically?” And those are the kind of questions sometimes come to us. So, I think the 
inventory that we have in hand, as long as we can keep our net outflow and new inventory to a 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
minimum, it will add up to our cash flow situation as the year progresses as well irrespective of 
how the revenue pans out. 
Mukul Garg: 
Moving on to the business loss, which happened in Q4 due to non-shipping and the purchase 
order which got delayed, is it possible to quantify the revenue loss, the orders which you 
already had, which kind of like you guys were ready to ship out, but which were impacted 
because of COVID-19, if you can break that out and if you can quantify the orders which you 
were anticipating and which are basically confirmed where the purchase order got delayed? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes, in fact, we basically have that data. I can share it with you. So, essentially around 35 to 40 
crores was inventory which was just supposed to be shipped out and it just got stuck, I mean, 
that is basically confirmed order, confirmed everything, people just could not come to the 
factory to test or pick up. Another Rs.60 crores to Rs.65 crores were amount which were 
confirmed order except that they did not physically come to us or in some cases we had the 
order, but for instance we are supposed to give a bank guarantee against which they give letter 
of intent we get from our international customer, you submit a bank guarantee and then they 
issue you a confirmed order against which you ship. But we sent them the bank guarantee to 
confirm, but during that period, they had a lock out in their country, so, they could not send us 
the confirm PO. So, if I take that, that was around, as I said, is Rs.60 to 65 crores. So, the two 
together around Rs.100 crores is what safely we anticipated something that we could have 
done which actually got pushed out in Q4. 
Mukul Garg: 
If you look at the US market, and you alluded earlier as well, can you help us understand what 
are the missing parts from here while I understand that you have higher leadership in the local 
market and you are now trying to partner with local system integrators, but the reality is that 
you are targeting the market since almost three years, you may want to change the local 
leadership last year as well, but still it looks like you are seeing continuous degrowth in that 
market. Is it really worth targeting or do you think it probably makes more sense from a cost 
perspective to stay focused on the emerging market? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Very good question and this is something which we have analyzed quite a bit over the last few 
weeks because since all of us are working from home, we spent a huge amount of time doing a 
review on this. So, the specific thing, which we found out was that the US market has two 
challenges for us and which we are continually kind of trying to overcome. Challenge number 
one was how do you access a lot of customers. Because our stated strategy was go after tier-2 
and tier-3, but the tier-3 we found that we are getting a lot of orders which are 30K, 50K, 70K 
in size, and replicating those orders, requires a lot of this investment, and unless we change our 
strategy of getting these channels, we are not going to win it. Our hope was that the same guys 
will buy a lot more, but we found out that they buy in sporadic spurts and the effort to cover 
such a large customer base is very large. So that was one learning for us with the new sales 
team coming in place. We have concrete data which we analyze, that is going to happen. The 
second thing we found out that for the tier-2 operators which are relatively larger deals… and 
tier-2 of US by the way, could be a CAPEX size of a tier-1 in India, for instance, there by the 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
way, there are those small little features in the products in terms of, we have say 95% of what 
they need, but just 5% which is very specific to the way they build the network, it is not a 
customized technology or a non-standard technology, except that the way they build the 
network versus the way rest of the world builds the network, those 3%, 4%, 5% delta R&D 
deficiencies were there. And that was one part. The second part we learn in the US market in 
the tier-2 is unlike in the emerging markets where if you are only short by a couple of features 
in terms of the product fit, you can still make a sale and ship equipment after completing those 
delta features, typically US service providers expect all features to be available before the 
product is considered for lab testing and before issuing a purchase order.  So, I think that  
basically meant that the strategy which we used to do in our R&D prioritization for the rest of 
the world did not really work for the US because US guys would say, “I agree, it is on a 
roadmap and it is coming in next quarter. I need to see my lab today before I induct you in or 
at least I have a closure with you.” So, those are the two specific lessons that we have learned. 
So, we have now taken those two feedbacks, and given as I said we are really in most of the 
product category, 96%, 97% of the work is done, just a few bits and pieces to be completed 
which are in the roadmap. We are taking a conscious call to prioritize those features and then 
address the tier-2 market. I would say it is still a very large market, all the macro elements for 
success are there, for example, GPON, there  is a big market opening up, the competition in 
GPON is literally two vendors which is Nokia and Calyx. There is really no significant third 
vendor there. And I think there is an opportunity available because there are no Chinese 
vendors, there is no price pressure. So, I think it is still a good opportunity for us to attack the 
US market and win. Clearly, we have not been very successful so far. We understand what is 
missing both on the sales channel and on the R&D side. And hopefully, as I said, going 
forward, we should make some progress in the US in the current year. But it has been 
frustrating, but that is the nature of the beast. 
Mukul Garg: 
Given what we have seen in FY‟20, what will be the breakeven revenue for you on a normal 
year, do you have any sense of what is the minimum amount of sales you need to do in a year 
to be breakeven on the operating level? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I think at an EBIT level… because EBIT is a good way to think of because the amortization 
versus the R&D capitalization washes off, I think around Rs.650 crores is when we will be 
breakeven is the analysis that we have done. 
Mukul Garg: 
Does this mean that you will not make any profit for next three, four years? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I would not say that, because predicting next three, four years today is difficult because of all 
the uncertainty, but from whatever things we are doing, we clearly see a path to profitably as 
soon as we can. If the environment clears up in the near-term, we should be able to see more 
progress in this financial year itself. However, if the environment continues to be bad for the 
next two quarters or three quarters, I do not know, yes, it will be a challenge for us. And that is 
when I am saying we are keeping all the levers available to us making sure that we either 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
minimize the loss or make sure that at least we can get to break even under even the worst 
situation which is what we are ensuring from cash flow and P&L perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Vikrant Kashyap from KDR Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
You said Rs.300 to 350 crores of receivables are expected in next year. How much is from 
BSNL? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
If you see the breakup of the Rs.456 crores of receivable that we had on March end, around 
Rs.190 crores was BSNL, out of which Rs.120 crores is receivable this year and Rs.70 crores 
is retention money, balance about Rs.103 crores or Rs.105 crores is international, which almost 
everything should be collected because it is just a question of getting due and the rest Rs.90 
crores or so is from other government customers which again we believe that around Rs.60- 65 
crores is collectable during the year and remaining will be retention money and the rest is 
private customers of around Rs.70 crores, out of which Rs.60-65 crores should be collected, 
another Rs.5 crores or so will be retention money. So, that is kind of the broad breakup of the 
receivable. And out of the Rs.120 crores of BSNL, we have received around 12.5 crores this 
month as on date. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
So, have we accounted Rs.120 crores and Rs.60 crores in the Rs.350 crores that we are 
expecting to cover in FY‟21, because a lot of your cash inflows are depending upon this 
amount since we are not expecting too much of business? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
The other government is not at all at risk, because that is a payment which we are getting. 
While I call it government in some cases, many times it is due from system integrators. A lot 
of that money is not at a risk in that sense. The BSNL money of Rs.120 crores, again, as I said, 
I do not see any risk in terms of payment, I just see risk in terms of delays. So even at different 
scenarios, one can model. If we get 50% of that money… we have got some percent already 
right now and some as we know is in the process, we were expecting to get actually much 
more in Q4 itself. And we are in touch with all the authorities and we get assurance that it is 
getting paid, do not worry. So even if at different scenarios of different amounts of money that 
we get from BSNL, independent of that, we still seem to have a cash flow plan, which seems 
to support the comment that we made earlier that independent of anything else even in the 
worst case with BSNL, or government money come into a trickle, we should be able to 
improve our cash flow position before the end of the year because as I said, combination of 
inventory usage and the collection that we are talking about. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Since you talk about a lot of cost cutting measures that are taking place, but still you are going 
for R&D spend, because I understand you need to do product optimization as well and you 
need expenses on that, can the expense will be similar to what we have done in the previous 
years or you have given some thought over there that you need to do R&D on certain products 
where you see future revenues, have you planned out something on R&D side also? 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes, in fact, I alluded to that when I mentioned earlier. First of all, on overall basis, we think 
about 10% cost savings across the board, we should be able to make just by  tightening our 
operation expenses as well as keeping some part of the salary linked to the company‟s success. 
So that is something which will anyway happen. But with the amount available, we are taking 
a much harder look in terms of all our R&D investments and say, which are the products and 
which are the categories in which we are winning and we can win long-term, so let us 
concentrate our R&D efforts more on those things, and things which are not producing as 
much, we need to kind of either keep them in a holding pattern or over a period of time reduce. 
So that is kind of the philosophy we are following in terms of making sure that the bang for the 
buck for whatever R&D we are investing is maximized because of a) the places where we are 
winning and b) because of the market uncertainty, because doing prospective R&D for new 
geographies where we have not won much business, may not be a very prudent thing to do at 
this stage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Shah, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Hardik Shah: 
For a business size that we have specially this year, 50 million and overall, if I see last three, 
four years around 100 million, is it prudent to say that we kind of go back, we have too much 
of a diversified portfolio and also too much larger geographical base and kind of relook at stuff 
and see if we have a niche market strategy in terms of market segments and product portfolio? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Absolutely, Hardik. In fact, what we are doing is really matching out our market success with a 
product success and making sure that both of them are synchronized. So, rather than investing 
into products assuming that we will find a customer somewhere, the prudent thing that we are 
thinking right now is that among the different things we are doing… of course, it is not a good 
to overnight shut something off, but the better thing to do is let us make sure that where we are 
winning either because of the product capabilities combined with the market capabilities, we 
invest a lot more and we concentrate our bets on to those things. And if we are not being able 
to be more successful, we really figure out if that is the space we want to play. So, I think this 
year, we are not increasing any geographical targets . The US is the one which I already talked 
about in terms of how we are changing the strategy. So, I do not think we will be increasing 
our sales investment in the US. Our objective is to make sure that the sales investment in the 
US actually becomes worthwhile. We will not be doing too many product changes just for the 
US market, we will be picking and choosing which are the opportunities that  make sense and 
actually attackthose. But really in the broad market we are looking at, say for example, tier-1 
customers in India, if we have say 95% features in our product, it is better to make sure that we  
complete those features which are common across our larger  customer base, prioritize them 
higher, and actually ensure that they get delivered and done quickly. So that is the kind of 
approach we are adopting that by concentrating our bets both in terms of the market and the 
product, to ensure we achieve  better results. Otherwise we will have way too many countries 
to go after and way too many products to engage. 

 
Tejas Networks Limited 
April 21, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Tejas Networks CEO, Mr. Sanjay Nayak for closing comments. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you, everybody, again. Your questions were all very insightful. And I know we actually 
had a tough Q4 and not so good FY20. Given the situation, we understand what we need to do, 
we are very conscious of the current COVID environment and the uncertainty it has and we 
believe that cautious is the word to be more used in an operative sense. The macro 
environment is still good, but we have to ensure that from a cash flow perspective we are 
prudent, in our investments and as the management team we are doing our best to make sure 
that we follow that principle. And as and when business opportunities open up, we feel that we 
will be ready to to scale up and grab them by taking the right actions today. . Thank you again 
for joining the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Haitong Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
