 
 
E:KRBL/BIBHU/STK_EX_2021/08 
06 May 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 
530813 
✓ 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Symbol: KRBL 
 
Series: Eq. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call on the business updates as held on Monday, 
27 April 2020 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Conference Call on the 
business updates as held on Monday, 27 April 2020, at 12.00 noon. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For KRBL Limited 
 
 
 
 
Raman Sapra 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Encl.: As Above. 
 
 
 
 
 
RAMAN 
SAPRA
Digitally signed by RAMAN SAPRA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=18cf30a1544184712dd62ca166b9893ae39be0
3b72c0f4a44c907cf6e8f25d25, postalCode=110007, 
st=DELHI, 
2.5.4.45=0341003135353064393837653339343730306
46266616435636232303930663030356639613834613
13664373439663331323261616636356662373339646
364343930, 
serialNumber=15cbe9dded45c032a01894d72a7cb7af4
313fb2366016cd2de145cfc530838fc, cn=RAMAN 
SAPRA 
Date: 2020.05.06 15:47:35 +05'30'

 
1 
NSE Code: KRBL; BSE Code: 530813; As on 27th April, 2020, MCap: Rs. 4623.06 crore; CMP: Rs.  196.40  
 
 
KRBL Limited’ Conference Call Transcript 
April 27, 2020 
 
 
 
Call Duration 
: 
97 mins 18 secs 
 
Management Speakers 
: 
Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal, Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta, Joint Managing Director  
Mr. Mr. Rakesh Mehrotra, CFO 
 
Participants who asked questions: 
 
 
 
Shailesh Kumar - Sunidhi Securities 
 
 
Sarvesh Gupta - Maximal Capital 
 
 
Saurabh Gupta - HDFC Mutual Fund 
 
 
Rajiv Agarwal - Doordarshi Advisors 
 
 
Jagpreet Bhatia - VA Capital 
 
 
Amitabh Sonthalia - SKS Capital 
 
 
Anshul Sehgal - Kotak PMS 
 
 
Varun Goenka - Nippon Mutual Fund 
 
 
Amit Doshi - Care PMS 
 
 
Dhruv Agarwal - Bharti Axa Life 
 
 
Ayush Mittal - Mittal Analytics Pvt. Ltd. 
 
 
Ekta Mehta - Capital Advisors 
 
 
Rohit Potti - Marshmallow Capital 
 
 
Sai Prasad - individual investor 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the KRBL's Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. Welcome to today's call hosted by KRBL, to discuss the measures 
taken by the company to address the COVID-19 situation. We had cancelled the 
previous conference call on this subject. So, before we commence today, 
apologies for that.  
 
Today, we are joined by senior members of the management team, including Mr. 
Anil Kumar Mittal – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta – 
Joint Managing Director and Mr. Rakesh Mehrotra – Chief Financial Officer. We 
propose to commence with an update with Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta – JMD, and 
he will be followed by Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal – CMD, who will share his 
perspectives with you. After the opening remarks from the management, the 
forum will be open for an interactive question and answer session.  
 
The Company is yet to declare its financial results for Q4 & FY20. Therefore, all 
analysts and investors are requested to kindly not ask questions pertaining to Q4 
& FY20 period, as the same will be unpublished price sensitive information.  
 
As a cautionary note, certain statements that may be made on today's call could 
be forward-looking in nature and actual statements could vary from these 
forward-looking statements.  
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta to share his initial remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for being with us on the call. I wish to 
take this opportunity today to present my thoughts on the impact of COVID-19 on 
the basmati sector, our business, and also share some thoughts and insights on 
the way ahead.  
 
You would appreciate that as an essential food company we have witnessed a 
sudden increase in requirement from the retail channel, this was on the back of 
consumer advancing their purchasing in the light of the lockdown nationwide. We 
have seen a quantum rise in volume dispatch, especially in the online channels to 
the extent of 2x than the usual. The modern retail formats have increased their 
volumes by almost 75% since post-lockdown. And this trend is continuing 
sharply. 
 
On the other hand, our institutional channel has witnessed a softness. This is the 
segment that sells to the hotels, restaurants & catering industry and naturally it is 
a reflection of the momentum in business. So, we believe that this segment will 
take a bit longer to turn around, but we remain confident that it will because there 
is really no alternative to the kind of basmati on the menus that branded 
companies like us can provide. 
 
 

 
3 
 
We have seen similar good trends in our overseas business, and Anil ji, our 
CMD, will be sharing his views on the same in detail.  
 
We have sufficient quantities of both basmati rice and paddy as we have one of 
the largest processing and storage facilities in the world. During the recent 
procurement season, we had been able to buy highest ever paddy as there was a 
decline in prices. Even with the present trends in demand, we will be in a position 
to meet the requirement of the markets.  
 
During the first few days of the lockdown we did experience some constraints in 
transportation and labour, but we have tirelessly worked with the local 
administration to streamline the process. The Government remains very 
supportive of the essential foods industry, and thus we expect the situation to 
progressively improve. 
 
To give you some perspective into how we have responded as a corporate to this 
pandemic. At the outset, we implemented our business continuity program to 
ensure a seamless transition to work remotely away from our offices. The IT 
systems are secure and have been tested for robustness. Except for the very 
essential staff that is required at the plant level, we do not see a need for not 
working remotely. Our teams are monitoring the situation on the real-time basis 
and are geared to meet any challenges.  
 
Although, it is too soon to call definite trend in consumption behavior, I have a few 
observations to share. 
 
Customers are broadly recognizing the health, hygiene and safety 
aspects of branded products domestically 
 
Export markets will remain strong and diversification across geographies 
and key export markets will be our strength 
 
The importance of multi-channel sales approach cannot be emphasized 
enough 
 
A strong business model combined with a robust balance sheet gives 
flexibility required to adapt to any situation 
I am confident that when as nation we move towards normalization, we will be 
able to stand out as a trusted brand within essential foods and emerge even 
stronger as a Company.  
The impact of our financial performance for the prospective quarters cannot be 
immediately quantified, but I can share that we are placed on a safe wicket and in 
a few weeks' time when we do share our annual performance, we shall give a 
broader insight into the outlook of the next fiscal year. 
 
With that, I would like to draw my remarks to close and request Anil ji, our CMD, 
to share these thoughts with you on our exports, the broader industry, and overall 
business. Thank you. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Good afternoon to everybody. I thank you all for being on this call. This 
conference is being organized primarily to share KRBL's working scenario during 
this current COVID pandemic, and its impact on our operations. Though Anoop ji 
has already briefed you a little bit, so I would not like to repeat those things, but I 
would like to add my own thoughts into it. 
 
 

 
4 
 
We had to stop our milling plants in Punjab and Dadri, just for three, four days. 
Rice being an essential commodity, we got Government's permission to run the 
plants thereafter. But there were other challenges, such as availability of labour, 
logistics issues, lack of courier services and transportation restrictions. However, 
we managed to overcome the obstacle with meticulous coordination with the local 
bodies, and the Government departments despite of all odds.  
 
As of date, our Dhuri, Punjab, milling plant is running at 60% capacity, whereas 
our packing unit is running at around 80% capacity. The major challenge we 
faced in Dhuri is the availability of packing material, whether plastic bag or a 
carton or a jute bag, because they are connected with jute industry, paper 
industry and poly industry. 
 
Similarly, our Ghaziabad milling plant is running at around 65% capacity, which I 
think since yesterday it has come to a 95% capacity and the packaging unit has 
been running at 75% capacity. Things are improving and I am confident that 
within next one week, all obstacles will be resolved and both our plants will be 
running at their full capacity. But it all depends upon what would be the future 
reaction of the Government on the pandemic front. However, I must say that 
these 30 days were very hard on us, but the worst is behind us. And I am sure 
that we are certainly going to get better and stronger with each new day. 
 
In spite of the global lockdown, the demand of rice is picking up. We have 
sufficient export orders in hand. And the execution of the same did look very 
difficult on 22nd of March, but it now seems that we will be able to fulfil our 
obligations without any problem. And we are also in a position to meet the 
increasing demand for rice, both globally and within the country. Apart from 
COVID, Indian rice exports are facing hurdles in market such as Iran and Europe. 
As we all know, Iran has been seriously affected by the pandemic, besides, they 
are also facing U.S. sanctions. On top of everything, the biggest problem with 
Iran is, the availability of funds. A year ago, India had an amount of around Rs. 
16,000 crore to Rs. 20,000 crore lying in their escrow account against crude 
supply, and the same as of now has come down to about Rs. 2,000 crore to Rs. 
3,000 crore, which is also lying with IDBI Bank. The money lying with UCO Bank 
has almost finished. Because of this, country has severely cut down subsidies on 
rice imports. This is important for you to understand that there was subsidized 
currency in Iran, provided to the importers by the Government for the import of 
rice that is IRR 4,200 for $1, and about IRR 15,000 to IRR 16,000 for $1 for the 
open market, which is known as NIMA. Now the Government has announced that 
there will be no subsidized rate for the currency for rice imports, except for US$ 
200 million allocated to GTC Iran for importation of rice from any part of the world, 
including India.  
 
It's my personal opinion, that GTC Iran will buy only from India against this 
subsidy, therefore, it will cause 4x the current prices for the private importers in 
Iran as compared to Government purchases. We at KRBL, we have been doing 
business only with GTC Iran, and hence we are in an advantageous position. I 
would also like to mention  here that recently the notification had come whereby 
Iran had allocated around US$ 4 billion at subsidized rate, and the items for those 
subsidized rates are around 6 million tonnes of feed, 2.4 million tonnes of soya, 
1.5 million tonnes of soya meal, 1.1 million tonnes of oil, 1 million tonne of feed 
barley. And from this total of US$ 4 billion, US$ 200 million is for rice, that is only 
for the Government departments. So, this is the position of Iran as I mentioned.  
 
If there are any particular questions you want me to answer, that will be 
addressed during the Q&A session. 

 
5 
 
In regards to Europe, this was a market of about 400,000 metric tonnes and only 
for India, which came down to around 200,000 tonnes last year. And this year, up 
to February 2020, India has exported around 180,000 tonnes, up or down by 
5,000 to 10,000 tonnes. Out of which 90,000 metric tonnes has gone to the UK 
alone. Indian basmati exports to Europe has taken a hit due to the restrictions of 
pesticide residue levels in the rice. The issue is serious and collective efforts are 
being made by the farmers, exporters and the Government to reduce pesticide 
use at farm level. Following Europe, there were other nations like USA and few 
other countries in the Middle East that have also imposed norms for pesticide 
residue levels, but their norms were quite lenient. That was one of the reasons 
that the exports to other parts of the Middle East and the USA, have been taking 
place without any hurdle. However, major rice importing nations in the Middle 
East are Saudi Arabia, UAE, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, which includes Iraq 
as well, there are no pesticide issues. It should be noted that these nations 
together account for about 45% of India's total basmati exports. Hence, though 
the issue of pesticides residue norms is a matter of concern, India's overall 
basmati export looks quite strong as always. And KRBL continues to range in this 
arena as it has been so far. 
 
As far as orders are concerned, we have enough orders. There has been a 
sudden spurt in the demand because of the Covid-19 pandemic and the 
lockdowns. As the consumers are rushing to the store to buy good quantities of 
rice in the respective countries. That is one of the things and we are able to cater 
to the demand whatever is coming in, despite the odds due to this Corona virus.  
 
I have given you a brief glimpse of overall basmati export situation, and KRBL's 
position. If there are any more questions, I would like the Moderator to open the 
line for the Q&A session to discuss forward. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is on the line of Shailesh Kumar from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Shailesh Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have few questions. The Corona pandemic situation 
in Pakistan, which is competing with India for basmati, is equally bad. So, 
because of this event, what was the impact on exports and how has it impacted 
us as a country and KRBL as a company? That is the first question.  
 
Secondly, because of the disruption in global logistics and demand, what was its 
impact on the prices of basmati rice in the last one month or say 45 days? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Firstly, you have to understand that India produces around 6.5 million tonnes to  7 
million tonnes, out of which 4.4 million tonnes was for exports and around 2.2 
million tonnes is for the domestic market. Whereas Pakistan's total production is 
around 700,000 tonnes, out of this they have 150,000 tonnes of domestic 
consumption and 550,000 tonnes of exports.  
 
So, as far as the quantum’s are concerned, there is no match between India and 
Pakistan. But Pakistan got an opportunity from Europe. Europe was our market of 
400,000 tonnes and Pakistan was just 30,000 to 40,000 tonnes. Pakistan this 
year has exported 200,000 tonnes alone to Europe and they have eaten up our 
market of 200,000 tonnes that is one of the major setbacks that Pakistan has 
given us. Number one, in Pakistan nobody uses pesticides because their farmers 
are poor and can’t afford, hence their pesticide residue level match with the 
European demand.  

 
6 
 
Second, Pakistan in few markets like Indonesia, Malaysia, which are known to be 
under the category of favored nation, then they have a border of Afghanistan, 
they have a border of Iran, they have a border of Kazakhstan and many other 
borders, and they have been already using those borders for smuggling basmati 
rice not in 10,000 or 20,000 tonnes but hundreds of thousand tonnes. And that 
hundreds of thousand tonnes was never our market, so it has not affected us. If 
something has really affected India was the European market, that something 
was a matter of concern to us.  
Answering your second question, as far as pricing is concerned, this year we had 
good crop. Initially, it was brought to notice of the trade that the mapping reports 
were not correct, and I have been speaking too in each and every forum. Though 
we spent big money and the mapping was done by the Government of India 
body, that is APEDA. But the numbers which came out in the mapping were not 
correct. And the crop this year was more or less the same, or you can say even 
2%, 3% or 4% more than the last year. So, there was no shortage of crop, that's 
number one.  
Secondly, markets have been depressed since beginning, if you compare it to the 
last year, the paddy prices were 20% higher than this year. Therefore, from the 
very beginning there was a pressure that export market will not show the same 
aggressiveness what they showed last year. And the major reason was Iran and 
Saudi Arabia. But this year Iraq, Saudi Arabia and many other Middle East 
countries have shown good response towards India. And I believe that at least 
30% to 40% shortage which we got from Europe and Iran, that will be covered up 
by these Middle East countries. Prices are really depressed, no doubt. And after 
the new notification of Iran has come about the subsidized currency, there has 
been a further downtrend in basmati rice, because that market is about 35% for 
India. And looking to the NIMA currency rates, I think so Iran will import very less 
quantity this year compared to last year. So that is one fear in everybody’s  mind. 
So KRBL who is attached only to the Government of Iran will be benefited, 
otherwise those who are trading through private bodies, they will definitely get a 
setback, that's number one. 
 
Number two, one thing worrying for the trade was, when the prices had come 
down. Last year in FY19, there were some exports worth Rs. 2,000 crore which 
took place in February and March, and even in April, that payment came to the 
exporters in the month of October as the payments were not released by the 
Iranians. And whatever we exported as KRBL, each and every payment came 
within 15 to 20 days in time. After getting such a big hit from Iran again, I 
understand that from December up to February, people have again exported 
goods of about Rs. 1,500 crore and payments are held up because they were 
thinking that Government will allow them subsidized rate. But now the notification 
has come and that Rs. 1,400 crore to Rs. 1,500 crore has been stuck up. 
Because of the financial issue, the prices at present in the market have come 
down by another 4%-5%.  
Shailesh Kumar: 
Any thoughts for FY21, the loss of business from HoReCa segment, will we be 
able to compensate that from our in-house retail sales? Or do you think HoReCa 
loss is going to hurt us? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
With respect to HoReCa, there is a considerable amount of loss. We had around 
20% share which contributes to HoReCa market and practically due to COVID, 
HoReCa market is nearly zero. But I am quite confident that due to COVID, the 
focus will be on hygiene, preference of packaged basmati rice to the consumer 
and our accelerated phase sales in modern and online channels, I am quite 
hopeful that 20% loss will be covered. And during March 2020, there was no loss 

 
7 
at all, the loss was only in April 2020, and maybe for another two-three months, 
but that will be covered by modern channel and retail channel.  
Shailesh Kumar: 
Just one thing, looking at our very strong balance sheet and because of the 
favorable judgment on income tax, I believe our upward rating is due. And there 
is weakness in the interest rate scenario, so we believe our interest costs for 
FY21 will go down as well. And our stock price is also very depressed. So, won't 
it be prudent to allocate some resource and buy back so as to give further 
confidence to the market? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, the Company can think of buyback. Let the COVID situation ease and we 
can sit as a Board and then decide on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal 
Capital. Please go ahead.   
Sarvesh Gupta: 
First question, if I have to look for the full year in which we are in, Middle East 
appears to be almost like 40% of our sales or something like that. Now, the 
Middle East the problem is also oil prices and the consequent loss of jobs and all 
the turmoil which is going on. Given that we are in basmati rice which is sort of a 
premium offering, there can be a situation of downgrading by the consumers or a 
reduction in the demand because they may be substituting it for a cheaper brand 
of rice. And given this oil prices turmoil, it is a major impact on the income levels 
of our most important countries for exports. So, how do you read that for FY21 
and beyond? How do you read this situation, the oil price collapse? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It's a good question. We have been talking for last one month with so many 
customers, distributors, even competitors. And what was your worry or what you 
think about was the same, we wanted to know what would be the future in such 
circumstances. And there was a very logical statement to this.  
 
Let us say the economy or the budgets are in trillions of dollars, Saudi Arabia is a 
very big economy. You know what is the total rice imports? It's just around $2.2 
billion, $2.3 billion, out of which 90% or 85% is basmati and 15% rice are is from 
America, Guatemala or your glutinous rice from Japonica varieties and from 
different countries. You have to basically understand that people those who 
consume a particular type of food, it is very, very difficult to change the food habit 
till the time there is a tremendous change and the things are not available and 
there is a chaos in the market. 70% of our market which includes the Middle East, 
Iraq and the Persian Gulf, they consume 75% of Indian basmati rice, total world's 
production of basmati rice which is produced in Pakistan and India. Now, these 
people, let me give you an example, if you go back about 10 years back in 2008 
or 2009, the total consumption of Iran of rice was around 6 lakh tonnes, out of 
which 1 lakh tonnes came from India, maybe 1.5 lakh tonnes from Pakistan, and 
balance was rice from Thailand, Vietnam, American rice, long grain rice and so 
on. In the last 10 years, they have changed their habit and they do not want any 
rice other than 1121 Sella rice Iran. You talk about rich man or a poor man, they 
all want to consume 1121, that's point number one.  
 
And it is known to be a middle segment food which is the 1121. The rich men 
food that there is, a local rice basmati called Domsiah, which has been sold to the 
consumer at around $4,000 per tonne or $4,500 per tonne. The top segment of 
the society in Iran consumes that rice of $4,500 or whatever is the price. What I 
want to convey to everybody is, whether it is Dubai, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia or any 
Middle Eastern countries, they cannot consume, or they will not like any other rice 
other that basmati. So first of all, basmati consumption will continue, it is not a 
thing that today it is there and tomorrow it is not there because they have to eat 

 
8 
food, they may not buy a car, they may not buy clothes, they may not buy other 
luxury items, but food is such a thing, they are going to continue to buy it. And we 
don't have any intention as far as consumption is concerned. Yes, I do agree, it 
will be too premature to say anything. We still do not know that what will be the 
final impact of Corona, which path Corona will take this world to be, and what will 
be the impact on the pocket money and everything, it is too premature. But as on 
date, let me give you one more example. About 15 days back, Saudi Arabia came 
out with a proposal to give about $1 billion or $1.5 billion to their importers, telling 
that you must build up a strategic reserve. Out of which 60% said no, we don't 
want the money, we have plenty of stock, we do not want Government money. 
There are 15-20 people who have opted for $200 million to $300 million. So, what 
I am saying is, in such circumstances where oil prices have crashed, even all the 
Government whether it is Iraq Government or Abu Dhabi Government or Saudi 
Arabia Government, they are ready to fund the importers to have a strategic 
reserves of basmati rice. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. So, what percentage of our revenues comes from Iran? And I think 
GTC you said $200 million is allowed and all of that is going to come to us mostly. 
So, will that cover the existing revenues that we were getting from Iran? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me tell you, I am expecting that 70% of that business will come to India, and 
30% it will go to other nations. So, when I say Rs. 200 million, out of that Rs. 140 
million is equal to about Rs. 1,000 crore. Now, when I tell you as a concessional 
duty it's a very big difference, 15,000 versus 4,200. I do not know this money will 
be given to them in piecemeal or at one time, because GTC imports about 
300,000 tonnes of basmati rice every year from India. And 300,000 tonnes today 
is about Rs. 2,100 crore. So, whatever that amount is, that will be given to GTC, 
but the question is will they import only 300,000 tonnes. There is a huge question 
mark, since private import is worried as there will be no private import. I guess 
that GTC Iran might import 500,000 tonnes instead of 300,000 tonnes, that is my 
apprehension.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So, GTC has a budget of Rs. 1,000 crore for India and you are saying that they 
used to earlier be Rs. 2,100 crore. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It is 200 million multiplied by Rs. 75 that is Rs. 1,500 crore. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes. So, that business will come down by 33%, is that the right assumption? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
I said the GTC imports every year is around 350,000 tonnes. If they have money 
up to 350,000 tonnes than they will import 350,000, if they have a shortage of 
money, than they might go to the Government again, because I believe that the 
private import should come down by 25% to 30%. Because to them the currency 
will be allotted at the rate of IRR 15,000 per dollar whereas GTC will be getting 
around IRR 4,200 per dollar. This is what I am telling you. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And how much are we getting from Iran, what is the percentage contribution to 
revenues? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
That I have not yet calculated. But Mr. Mehrotra will take this question offline.  
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
Yes. You send a mail and we will reply to you.  
 

 
9 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sure. And finally a question on the retail in India, what is the pricing trend on the 
ecommerce site and modern retail? As you said that it is compensating through 
other retail. So, what is the pricing trend in India as such? Exports I understand 
that prices are depressed because of variety of reasons that you alluded. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Pricing trend in domestic markets after the COVID and before COVID there is no 
change. We are selling at the same price what we were selling at pre-COVID. So 
as of now there is no change in the pricing trend, the prices we were having in 
November, December, January, February, the prices are same, it is unimpacted.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. So, unlike exports where initially you had mentioned, that prices are a bit 
depressed and they fell further by 4% or 5% after Iran implication, but in Indian 
market there is no impact? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
No, there is no impact on basmati rice prices in the domestic market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saurabh Gupta from HDFC Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
As you mentioned that the current pulses and paddy prices which you are 
procuring is down, but what you will be selling in export market will be something 
which you have procured maybe one to two years back. So, how does this pricing 
work out? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me tell you, many a times we have told this thing to our investors and in many 
forums that our strategy and our position is entirely different than rest of the trade. 
There are certain SKUs which we sell two years aged, and there are certain 
SKUs which are one, one and a half year aged. When we say ageing, we do not 
sell steamed rice. In rice, there are two qualities, one is white raw rice and one is 
steamed rice. The taste between the raw white rice and the steamed rice is of a 
big difference. And we get premiums out of that. And I will give you an example. 
Today my position is that about 15 days back when all our members of the 
management were sitting and we found the way the export orders are coming to 
us. We could never estimate that the export order due to pandemic will come in 
such enormous quantities. So, we feel that we will be short by 200,000 to 
300,000 tonnes of India Gate Classic. So, we thought let us buy from the market, 
let us see how it happens. You will be surprised to know, there is not a single kilo 
rice two years old available in the market which we are selling in India Gate 
Classic. I am just giving you these examples. Similarly, if you look at the prices 
today in Saudi Arabia, many things are to be discussed. I don't want to discuss 
on this, we have got a huge premium, you cannot even understand the premium 
at which our brands are being sold into the Middle East. And they are higher by 
15% over the competitors. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So, is it fair to assume that our positions will actually get more strengthened 
because of current issue, even in export market? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It has been already strengthened, we are worried of only one thing, to be very 
frank, that as you rightly said, that today there is a hue and cry in the market, 
people think what will happen after two months, whether exports will be banned, 
imports will be banned, what will happen, what is the position of India, that is just 
a horror in the mind and people are taking the goods. We do not know the further 
impact of Corona after two months. And if it continues, if there are lockdowns or 
anything, definitely then the businesses are bound to get impacted. We will not be 
the only person who are not impacted and the rest of the world will be impacted. 
If such thing arises after two months or one month, and it continues definitely 
then our market will also be impacted. 

 
10 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Agarwal from Doordarshi 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Rajiv Agarwal: 
My first question is, as you mentioned that you have too many orders that at 
some point you were worried whether you will be able to service them. Given 
that, is it reasonable to expect that the total volume that we will see in FY21 will 
be similar to what we have seen in FY20? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
FY21 is too far, corona effect started coming in the month of March, and we are 
just on 27th of April. Full one year is there for FY21. As I said previously also, we 
do not know, it is difficult for us to anticipate that weather after 3rd of May or 
maximum end of May it will finish, it will clear and things will come to normal way 
of working or will it continue. And not only in India, will it continue in other parts of 
the world, it totally depends on how this current pandemic is going to behave. 
Rajiv Agarwal: 
And assuming that the pandemic sort of continues, which is the worst-case 
scenario for any business, what levers do we have to reduce cost on our side? 
Like, could you talk about some of the things that we will do or the measures that 
we will take, if we have to, to sort of address and keep the business on our side? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Connect to us on mail and we’ll take this question offline.  
Rajiv Agarwal: 
Sure, no problem. My next question is, in Q3 we were getting paddy at a price of 
Rs. 28.4 per kg, and rice at Rs. 48.7 per kg. And in Q3 we had taking some write 
down on the inventory, given the market size. Do we expect another write-down 
for Q4 given how the prices have moved? 
 Anoop Kumar Gupta: No, we have not given any write-down. Today also the market price is more than 
the stock price. Say, the paddy was at Rs. 28 per kg, today the paddy price is 
more than Rs. 30 per kg, rice was at Rs. 48 per kg, today the rice price is more 
than Rs. 55 per kg. 
Rajiv Agarwal: 
Okay. So, we don't expect for Q4 any write-downs? Because from Q4 to Q3 we 
just take some write-down in the inventory. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
No. 
Rajiv Agarwal: 
That's very heartening to hear. And then we talked about Iran, and I think there 
was this question about what percentage of our business comes from Iran. So for 
that response, I will send you an email.  
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
Yes, please send the mail, we will reply. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jagpreet Bhatia from VA Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Jagpreet Bhatia: 
Anil ji, the goods which are going to Iran, I believe they are not of the same value 
to the Company as it is going to Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and any other places. Is it 
correct that the margins on that goods in Iran is much lesser? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, it has been known to everybody that there are two types of businesses with 
KRBL, one is the branding business which comes under FMCG, which is our 
majority business. And one is this tender business which we do with Government 
of Iran. There are businesses in private sector also in Iran, but we don't want to 
touch that because of the payment problem. And as far as my knowledge goes, 
people are into big, big trouble, not trouble but they are into big trouble, and how 

 
11 
they are managing that I do not know. Yes, definitely, the business what is being 
done and what has been quoted, it is with a fairly good margin, which is reflected 
in our top line and bottom line both.  
Jagpreet Bhatia: 
Okay. Anil ji, because of this pandemic, I believe you are exporting higher target 
volumes then you were initially exporting. So, are you getting some new 
customers, new territories which are sustainable kind of business which you are 
building up? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me tell you, as far as rice is concerned, the biggest problem is, if 70% of the 
trade are giving credits, they are doing businesses where payment is at a very 
high risk. We at KRBL ensure before doing any business that what is the position 
of the payment and that is one of the primary things that KRBL should take credit 
for, that is in the last 30 to 40 years whatever years we have been doing exports, 
we have never had a bad debt as far as exports or domestic is concerned. But 
you have to ensure one thing in business that payment is of prime importance to 
us. Otherwise, today if KRBL goes the way the other trade is doing, I can 
definitely sell at least 150,000 tonnes more with the lower margins.  
 
So, first is the margin of profit which we ensure that we will not work less than this 
whether we get the business or not. And second is the payment. Now, when you 
talk about the new market or new buyer, if I go to a new buyer that means there is 
something wrong with the old one, this is not the time during this pandemic that I 
go and search for a new buyer. First it is more important to let the market settle 
down, because nobody knows what is going to happen after three months. 
Jagpreet Bhatia: 
Okay. And are you buying the crop from the market, paddy or rice which is 
existing since last October, November, December 2019? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
We have bought the paddy till January last and I think we have covered around 
more than 700,000 tonnes of paddy, and we were buying rice also. But from last 
20 to 25 days or one month, we are not buying much. 
Jagpreet Bhatia: 
Anoop ji, how much is your debt, long-term plus short-term? 
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
Total debt as on date is around Rs. 300 crore, long-term and short-term.  
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
During COVID also, we paid Rs. 100 crore to the banks.  
Jagpreet Bhatia: 
Wonderful. And Anoop ji, the new crop sowing that will happen, because 
harvesting is also delayed and the harvest is also not being properly sold out in 
the markets, in the mandis, and labour is also not there in Punjab, Haryana fields. 
So, do you see a probability of the new sowing season coming up for rice? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
See, basmati harvesting I think happens in June, July, so I don’t think there 
should be any problem. But I feel that the problem is of farmers, if some field is 
empty then basmati harvesting can increase, because normal harvesting is done 
sooner than that of basmati.  
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me add over here. If you look at the news and Ministry of Food, Ministry of 
Agriculture, this year 25% sowing has been done more in eastern part of India, 
especially up to Bihar, Bengal and Orissa for paddy. So, everybody is saying that 
anyhow by that time when the sowing time comes, there should not be any 
problem. Farmer by any way is not going to sit idle and let his farm be empty. 
Whatever he does, he is going to grow something. 

 
12 
Jagpreet Bhatia: 
Okay. I think still we have one and a half months for that, so let's hope and see. 
And Anoop ji, are you finding that unorganized market would get converted into 
packaged market for sure going forward? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
See, I will tell you frankly, due to this COVID, the advantages are also there.  
Advantage one should not say because it is not good for the human life, but as 
far as business is concerned, people are preferring packaged rice. And set of 
new consumers I think in the secondary market, what I heard from distributor, 
daily new consumer basket is coming. If you talk of Delhi, in last 20 days I sold 
about 1,200 tonnes, which is a record sale in Delhi. Because in Delhi you go to 
any shelf, India Gate is available, even in those shelves where never India Gate 
was sold. And one more information I should give you is that last year AC Nelson 
we have received the data, in modern trade we had a 41% market share and we 
were number one.  
 
In modern trade and ecommerce, there is a 50% increase in modern trade orders 
post Corona, and 100% increase in ecommerce orders post Corona. And if I 
compare April 2019 sales to April 2020 sales, till date in domestic alone, I have 
covered 60% of last year's April 2019 sales. So, looking at such a disastrous 
situation, I think we as KRBL team has done a very good job.  
Jagpreet Bhatia: 
And Anoop ji, how is your volume and sales divided across traditional, modern, 
ecommerce and HoReCa? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It is very good, it is excellent. I will tell you, I couldn't imagine, there was a fear 
two months back that what will happen to the export orders and how they will be 
executed and whether orders will come or not. But Priyanka has done a lovely 
job, she really booked us out, I couldn't imagine the order she booked in the last 
two months, it has been a phenomenal rise in orders. And also even there it is 
lockout, but our sales are taking place through ecommerce. 
Jagpreet Bhatia: 
Okay. And the other rice that were initiated last year, like the Rajbhog rice and 
Kolam rice, how are they doing? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, yes, those rice are okay, not very good, but I am okay as the stocks are 
selling regularly. Because I am selling at a premium in 1 kg rice only, so there is 
no question of great volumes. But I am able to do the shelf with India Gate Jeera 
Rice with 1 kg rice. I am not doing bulk sales. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amitabh Sonthalia from SKS 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Amitabh Sonthalia: 
I had a couple of questions, as you mentioned several times that how KRBL 
fetches a premium in the overseas market. Of course, basmati is a food product 
but at the same time it is not an essential item, it is sort of a high-end food 
product. What is your view, do you consider it as a staple or do you consider it as 
a premium, perhaps a premium product which in times of distress and low 
income, where income levels globally are hit, whether people will down trade to 
cheaper basmati rice in the market? or to a lower graded rice, maybe not 
basmati, since basmati is at a premium? What is your past experience of 
recessions and global crisis, has that happened? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, as far as global market is concerned, as I told you, 75% of the total exports 
of basmati rice from India is to Middle East, which includes Iraq and Persian Gulf, 
so majority is Middle East. And all these places which I have named to you, 
including Middle East, Iraq, Iran, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, whichever country they 
are, seven or eight countries, it is a staple food over there, it is not a luxury food.  

 
13 
 
So, whatever may happen, they are going to continue buying basmati rice. The 
other non-basmati rice or long grain rice which either goes from Thailand or other 
places, they are primarily sold for the expats who are working as a labour class in 
different projects. So, it has been more or less consumed not into the household 
or not into the other markets or local markets. Locals never eat non-basmati rice, 
99% locals they eat only basmati rice. So, one thing should be clear that it is a 
staple food over there, as far as globe is concerned. In India, I think Anoop ji will 
be able to tell you more. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, as far as India is concerned, you have a price range right from Rs. 40 per kg 
to Rs. 200 per kg. And during COVID also, I think majority sales were in the 
range of Rs. 70 to Rs. 75. If you talk of India, if I sell around 300,000-350,000 
tonnes, the average selling price of 350,000 tonnes is around Rs. 60 to Rs. 62. 
So, Rs. 200 per kg rice is quite less than Rs. 70 to Rs. 80 per kg rice. It is always 
like a prism wherein the top only or the premium segment is there and the bottom 
is the low-price segment is there, so average is around Rs. 60 to Rs. 70 per kg. 
So, you can't say that eating Rs. 60 to Rs. 70 per kg rice is a luxury item. Even 
today's basmati varieties, good non-basmati varieties are more than Rs. 70 crore 
a kg.  
Amitabh Sonthalia: 
And you may have shared some volume data in the past, so, what has been our 
sales volume impact in the last one or two months due to COVID? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
You see, I can tell you, in April 2019 we sold 23,000 tonnes, and till date in April 
2020 we have sold 16,000 tonnes. So, I don't foresee much loss, and I think 
whatever the loss would be in the domestic market will be taken up by the export, 
because export is doing better than pre-COVID. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
And let me add over here to all the participants in the conference, that today 
KRBL is in a position to sell one of the premium brands which we are selling at a 
very good price, even at $3,000 provided these other exporters they sell the 
prices which are 30% cheaper or 25% cheaper. The competition on pricing is 
such a price war which should not be there in basmati rice, but people do not 
have that vision how to take price of basmati rice. It's really surprising. I do not 
know, all my distributors and many people say price is not a problem provided we 
get offers daily at 30% to 40% cheaper than what you are selling in the premium 
segment. When people are selling at 30% cheaper, of course, ultimately, it's a 
commodity, though we have formed it as an FMCG company or a FMCG product, 
but ultimately, it's a commodity. 
Amitabh Sonthalia: 
Right. So, then what is our response? You had mentioned earlier that we will not 
sell below a certain margin. Which means that we are willing to take a short-term 
volume hit in this price war scenario? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me tell you that the day KRBL in the export market, we come down with very 
heavy discounts or sale and this and that, then whatever we are today we will not 
remain. It's not a question of only profit, we sell our rice because people, 
consumer feel it's a premium rice. There is no other rice in the market available 
what is there in India Gate brand abroad, that is the concept. And if you go to any 
of the stores in Dubai or Kuwait, you will find people going only to the shelf of 
KRBL, that is India Gate brand in that segment.  
Amitabh Sonthalia: 
Right. My second question was, in March there was a lot of creeping acquisition 
happening and then SEBI of course stopped companies from buying in the new 
financial year before you declare results. Can you just throw some light on the 
current situation? And what if the promoter intends to increase further stake in the 
current financial year? 

 
14 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
At present, the window is closed at this prices we wanted to buy but as of now the 
window is closed. Mr. Sonthalia, I will tell you a very crude example. What is 
happening in the share market today, a Louis Vuitton bag selling at a price of Rs. 
4 lakh, if it sells for Rs. 1 lakh then people will say that it might be fake or its 
stolen, this and that. This is what is happening with KRBL shares, nothing else. 
Amitabh Sonthalia: 
So, my question is, once this silent period ends after the declaration of your Q4 
results, after that you are allowed to go forward? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
We will discuss in the Board regarding about buyback as a Company not as the 
promoters. We will discuss in the Board regarding the buyback of shares in the 
company. 
Amitabh Sonthalia: 
Right. So far there is no proposal for any buyback, right? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No. Till the financial results are announced, there is no proposal.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Anshul Sehgal from Kotak PMS. 
Please go ahead.  
Anshul Sehgal: 
My questions are a carry forward from the previous question, where a participant 
asked that will the company become stronger after this? And in many of your 
comments you have said that there are a lot of companies in the market who 
have significant debt on their balance sheets. You are selling at a 15% premium 
to the market, even in these times you are at 60% of volumes of April 2019, and 
in the export market you have in fact grown volumes. All of this gives us an 
impression that not immediately, but definitely in the long term KRBL will come 
out much stronger than what they were earlier in terms of competitive intensity. 
How would you react to that? What is your view on this? And there are things 
which are not in your control, which is how long Coronavirus lasts, etc. Let that be 
aside, if you look at the long term, say, two to three years, how do you perceive 
KRBL to come out as a company in context of competition? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Mr. Sehgal, what is the position today, definitely I have been telling you 
constantly that we are looking at rice and our market share, whether in export 
market or domestic market, it is going to increase. Your question is, the money 
will come and where your growth is? Definitely, today our Dhuri plant is running at 
50% to 55%, we want to run it at 90% to 95%. Today, we are buying 700,000 
tonnes of paddy, wherein we will buy 1.2-1.4 million tonnes of paddy and you 
need finances for that. And whatever profit of Rs. 500 crore or Rs. 600 crore, it 
maybe for basmati, it depends, if any opportunity for takeover or anything, we can 
look at that time within a period of two years, three years. So definitely, our 
industry and our brands are doing extremely well and we are going to show good 
results in the next two to three years. 
Anshul Sehgal: 
Okay, great. And there was another question earlier about full year volume, that 
given as things are today, where do we see in comparison to last year this year's 
volumes? Will we be somewhere in the same region of last year's volumes or do 
you see some impact on volumes this year? Of course, as we see things today, 
they can change going forward, but what is your assessment today? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
When you are comparing it is 2020 versus 2021 or it is 2019 versus 2020? 
Anshul Sehgal: 
I mean FY20 versus FY21, the point being that because of Coronavirus 
everybody estimates some demand to get lowered, but this being a staple food 
item will the impact be marginal or will it be substantial? 

 
15 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Mr. Sehgal, what I feel, it will be higher by minimum 15% to 20% this year. The 
reason being consumer choice for a packaged food, consumer choice for oil and 
even for export that we had with last year. So, I think it will be better by 10% to 
15% than last year. 
Anshul Sehgal: 
So, FY21 volumes can be up by 10% to 15% as compared to FY20? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Goenka from Nippon 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Varun Goenka: 
To begin with, let me first appreciate, I think all of us were pushing for a buyback 
last year but I think the management took a very wise decision of first repaying 
the debt then going for a buyback. I think in hindsight, we all agree that that has 
worked very well. Just two more questions. I think most of the questions have 
been very comprehensively answered, is non-basmati or branded rice now also 
will become a focus for us? Because of India being surplus, food export demand 
being high, or any thoughts around that? Because India Gate brand can be used 
today to extend beyond basmati. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, definitely we were in the process, and due to COVID, I will tell you sales can 
happen, everything can happen, but acquisition and logistics problem in different 
state cannot happen. So, we were in the process of acquiring or building some 
packaging plants in West Bengal and Karnataka. That at the moment has 
become a little slow, maybe in two to three months we will go aggressive on that. 
Varun Goenka: 
Absolutely. Fantastic. Second question is, the ecommerce and modern trade, 
today it might be very good for volumes, but eventually what happens is the 
pricing or the working capital goes in their favor. So how are we planning to 
balance that or control that? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
You see, in the modern trade and even in the ecommerce we have strict 
memorandum of understanding with every one of them. They have to take that 
PTC, price to the consumer has to be in the knowledge of KRBL, it cannot be less 
than a certain point. That is very, very important if so, supplies are immediately 
stopped. 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. But I just want to understand this, so in ecommerce our margins are the 
same as company level, because I have been myself buying a Classic or other 
India Gate brands from Amazon or Big Basket for the last 10 years, but the prices 
seem much lower versus MRP. So, is that the dealers that are discounting? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
It is a trade practice, if you talk of any basmati rice, 80% of the shops are selling 
product less than MRP. It is a strategy of the industry, it is not a question of 
KRBL, they want to write 30% less, 20% less, 25% less. So, we are just adding 
55% on our estimate prices which include distributor margin, retailer margin or 
freight cost, which gives 25% to the retailer, but retailers have shown as 5%. 
Varun Goenka: 
Right, thirdly, our receivables on the power side, so how was that doing for the 
power business? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Varun, power is very simple, you give a letter of interest waiver, the payments 
come. 15 days back Maharashtra Government gave us a letter, they cleared our 
six months' debt. We said we will not demand any interest on it if they pay our six 
months' debt.  

 
16 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. So today do we have any receivables pending, March 2020? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
As of now I don’t know 
Varun Goenka: 
So, just my humble suggestion, as I mentioned earlier, that today we are all 
talking about a buyback or something, that apart, maybe this power business can 
be demerged. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, we are working on that. KRBL will discuss in the Board whether it is buyback 
of shares in the company or demerger.  
Varun Goenka: 
Right. Because for example, today only Shapoorji Pallonji has sold to KKR at Rs. 
4.9 crore, 4 megawatts plant. So, this Rs. 400 crore to Rs. 500 crore can give us 
additional liquidity to invest in our core business or to buyback KRBL. And just 
final request, if may be once a year or six-monthly even Priyanka ji can come on 
the call, help us on the brand, we can hear her thoughts on the brand, what we 
are doing maybe on different segments of the brand creation, pushing the brand.  
 
Anoop ji, your thoughts on the institutional segment also will help, even because 
trade is low today and might take a while, are we helping in any way that side of 
the business today to get loyalty with us? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Today the institutional sale is at a standstill, because today there is no 
restaurants, no catering, nothing is working because in South India my clients 
and institutions in South India are ample but unfortunately due to COVID nothing 
is happening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Doshi: 
Last year, we announced a vision of reaching to approximately Rs. 8,000 crore in 
next four to five years. So, considering this, and if you see our history, till 2012 
our export component has been always on a larger side compared to the 
domestic. Whereas after 2012, domestic became a major part of our sales, or 
major contributory. In FY2019-20 if we see last three quarters and as you are 
again giving a bit of an idea about that exports orders are robust and were going 
very strong. So, going forward, what do you think that out of that Rs. 8,000 crore 
plan that we have, how that share is going to be, considering that this COVID 
situation and otherwise? Any comments on that would be useful. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
This Rs. 8,000 crore we have given last year is in the next five years, and at that 
time also we have shared that the amount or ratio would be 50:50. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. Ratio would be 50:50. On the second question, first of all, congratulations 
on winning that income tax pending appeal. But one small question on that, there 
is some pending demand of Rs. 180 crore matter which is still pending and which 
you have taken at the higher appellate authorities. So, what is that, because I 
presume that the cash payments to the farmers was the only issue? So, if that 
Rs. 2,200 crore entire amount was there, then how is it that part amount is 
allowed, and part ground is rejected? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Total addition was for Rs. 2,500 crore, out of which around Rs. 1,900 crore was 
due to farmer purchase. And around Rs. 180 crore was certain parties they found 
that these purchases are not up to the mark or they are fictitious purchase, they 
were 7 years about Rs. 180 crore. Investments have been credited for this period 
so out of this we have received about Rs. 1,980 crore. About Rs. 220 crore they 

 
17 
have moved to the tribunal. And for this I tell you, we have deposited Rs. 200 
crore tax, of which Rs. 100 crore we will get the refund, we have already applied 
for the refund of Rs. 100 crore, and Rs. 100 crore we will get the refund after we 
win that tribunal order. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And just last question, while our export market and there is a bit of pricing 
pressure on that side, as Anil ji mentioned earlier. Do you see your earlier guided 
margins of that approximately 18% is what you had indicated, seem to continue? 
I mean, I know it could be a bit of a premature question at this level, but just a 
broad thought on that front. 
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
This is UPSI, so we can't guide on that. This is price sensitive information, but we 
will be on target, that is only thing we can say. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
We will try to maintain the EBITDA, whatever we maintain in-house we will try to 
maintain that EBITDA.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Agarwal from Bharti Axa 
Life. Please go ahead.  
Dhruv Agarwal: 
My question is regarding the volume numbers for FY19. If you can give it to me, 
as I don't have the split. 
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
You can write an email to us, we will reply.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Mittal from Mittal Analytics 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead.  
Ayush Mittal: 
One question that I have is, when we look at the international articles about the 
price increase in rice, this is about the general rice that the price increase has 
been happening which has increased by more than 15% to17%, or in basmati 
also are we seeing such a similar change in pricing when it comes to export 
orders? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No, it is for non-basmati rice for one or two reasons. That India was not able to 
offer much of the rice because India was second largest in non-basmati rice after 
Thailand to export to Far East and to the African continent. So, because of that 
the prices of non-basmati got jumped up and I think so it will now be equalized 
and after Corona effect a lot of non-basmati will start going after May. So, after 
May again the importers will come back to India to import rice from India. They 
had all shifted to Vietnam, Thailand, Pakistan and all because the prices were not 
meeting. As prices went a little higher, now India has come back to parity. So, I 
think from May onwards the non-basmati export will start taking place.  
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay. And how has been the change in Basmati prices in the spot market as of 
now versus three months back? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Prices are more or less same, there is no change. As far as KRBL is concerned, 
absolutely there is no change. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ekta Mehta from Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Ekta Mehta: 
I had a few questions. Firstly about the Middle East, so in 2014 our levels of 
export were quite high, and then we suffered because of distribution challenges. 
So now post corona do we have the potential to come back to those levels? 

 
18 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, as far as the current orders and the current behavior of the market shows 
that is on its peak and everybody's happy, orders are coming, they are being 
implemented. And in spite of impediments, logistic, labour and all, still the 
Government has really helped up the exporting community and shipments are 
taking place that is number one.  
 
Looking to the current order, which we saw in March and which we saw in April, it 
seems that exports is going to do exceptionally well. But we do not know what will 
happen after May, June, at least first quarter of FY21 will show a good 
remarkable growth, but we do not know thereafter. So, it will be impossible to 
guess or share that we are going to do excellently well. We do not know, it's a 
very big question mark due to the corona virus pandemic which has taken place, 
it is uncertain what shape it will take place after two months or one month or three 
months. 
Ekta Mehta: 
Okay. But specifically, on the distribution challenges that we were facing earlier, 
like have we taken any steps to ease out those distributions’ challenges? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Definitely. This is one good part in KRBL, if any distributor is misbehaving or he is 
not up to the mark, so our agreement and our contracts are such that we change, 
we change them and recently we have changed our distributor in Dubai. After we 
changed, we are really getting a boost in our sales. 
Ekta Mehta: 
My next question is on ecommerce. So, like you said that the ecommerce sales 
have increased by 100%, what period were you referring to? 
 Anoop Kumar Gupta: I am referring from 15th March, 2020 to date. During the COVID period, the sales 
have increased by 100%. 
Ekta Mehta: 
Okay. Also, have we tied up specifically with any platforms? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, we are in process of tying up with Zomato. Zomato is active in 31 cities 
across 11 states. We are also in process of tying up with Swiggy which is active 
in Bangalore, Mumbai, Delhi, Gurgaon, and we are we are in discussion with 
Domino's also. So, we are working towards that in every possible channel.  
Ekta Mehta: 
Okay. So is our next approach going to be on communication of how hygienically 
our rice is processed and everything, because now that has become a very big 
concern.  
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Within one week you will receive a video. 
Ekta Mehta: 
Okay. Also, what step for now, like in the rural areas the demand has not been 
affected as much as urban. So how are we trying to educate those customers on 
hygiene and from shifting to unpackaged to packaged, like is that a possibility? 
Like are you seeing that happening already in rural areas also? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
You see, I can advertise these things only on social media. I cannot afford to tell 
them hygiene on a national media, but we are active on social media definitely. 
Ekta Mehta: 
Okay. But are you seeing a shift like in Tier 3 or in rural also from unpackaged to 
packaged rice? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Yes, as we are always active on social media, we do see a shift. 

 
19 
Ekta Mehta: 
Okay. My last question is on Quinoa, are we focusing more on Quinoa right now 
on social media also? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
Quinoa sales are not that lucrative, we hardly recorded Rs. 150 crore 
domestically but in exports we are doing well. Mr. Mittal will tell you, regarding 
exports. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me tell you, Quinoa we were at the very initial stage, because very vital roles 
have been played by the quality. The quality produced in South America is much 
better over India, up to two years, one and a half years back. But one and a half 
years back, we improvised the quality to an extent that there is hardly any 
difference between the South American Quinoa and the Indian Quinoa. And since 
then, we are getting very good orders in exports. Now there is one big problem in 
exports with India, that is pesticide residue. Now in America alone I can sell very 
big quantities under India Gate brand, we are so strong. Same way in Europe, I 
can sell big quantities of Quinoa, but there the issue comes up of pesticide 
residues. And we have tried in our contract farming or our contractors which are 
supposed to grow Quinoa on our behalf, they say it is difficult for the farmers that 
they will not grow without spraying the medicines and pesticides. So that is one 
issue which is coming in our way. I think it might take another one year or two 
years and we are working with various scientists how to grow organic Quinoa. 
The day India produces organic Quinoa, our sales will become 3x. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Potti from Marshmallow 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Potti: 
My first question is, if you could repeat what you were talking about your initiative, 
you are doing some acquisition in West Bengal and Karnataka you said, could 
you explain that a little more. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
The acquisition is to have packaging within the plant where we can pack 1 kg, 5 
kg, India Gate brand and buy rice from different millers aging them in our 
warehouse and then packaging and distributing it. So, we were thinking of doing 
that thing in West Bengal and Karnataka. West Bengal for Gobindhog rice and in 
Karnataka for Sona Masuri rice. So, procure Gobindobhog rice and Sona Masuri 
rice from local millers, age it there, then pack and then distribute it. But now we 
are doing the same thing here in North India, but there is a lot of logistic costs, so 
we thought why not we package and distribute from there only. So, we may be 
doing it after three, four months after this COVID becomes normal. 
Rohit Potti: 
Understood, that was helpful. The next question is, it was quite clear that KRBL is 
strengthening assets quite well in this downturn. But how is the competition 
doing, can you give us any insight into how the rest of the competition in the 
basmati rice industry is doing? Are they able to function to the extent that you are 
able to function, both unorganized and organized? And do you think there could 
be more players who will shut shop because of this issue? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
You see, even branded players like Daawat, Kohinoor, are also doing because it 
is an essential commodity and everyone is allowed to do it. But there are 
hundreds of small players, they are at risk. So due to that the sale of packaged 
food is only growing, and due to hygiene also sale of packaged food is enormous 
in last 40 to 45 days. 
Rohit Potti: 
Understood, that was helpful. And again, this is an unprecedented time and we 
don't know how this will evolve. But given our balance sheet strength and given 
the fact that we understand branding and FMCG in the company, I was curious to 
know if over the next one, two years if a good brand comes for sale in the food 

 
20 
industry, maybe in the basmati industry or some other related food industry, will 
the management be open to acquiring a company or a brand like that? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta : Yes, management is open. We will discuss within ourselves if we think its 
profitable and beneficial for the company, we will definitely go for it. 
Rohit Potti: 
Okay, understood that is it from me. Once again, thanks a lot for such an 
informative conference call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sai Prasad, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Sai Prasad: 
Very good afternoon. My question is on the ultra-premium category which we are 
currently working on, the Classic India Gate, the super category. I would like to 
just know, what is the percentage of this top rice on an overall basis, comparing 
domestic and international markets? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 
I won't be able to give you the percentage, maybe Mr. Mehrotra can take that 
question offline. 
Sai Prasad: 
Okay. And second question, what is the projected growth you are looking for in 
this category of business, the premium, ultra-premium category over the next two, 
three years? Year on year what is the projected growth you are expecting? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, let me tell you, as far as premium category is concerned, definitely we are 
going to improvise much, much more what we are today. But it's a normal 
phenomenon that people like the middle-class brand and that they have a better 
performance but the sales could be much more over the premium class. So if we 
compare the two classes, our sale of super or Bab Al Hind Brand it will be 
definitely be much more over the most premium brand which we are selling 
above $2,000 a tonnes. 
Sai Prasad: 
So, I am talking in terms of the volumes, not in terms of rice. Volume, what do 
you think in terms of growth will be in the next two to three years? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
See, on premium quality we are expecting growth should come at, atleast 7% to 
8% every year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
Thank you very much for participating in the conference. We will see you soon 
after the annual results are announced. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of KRBL Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
