DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Ref. No.CO:CS:RC:2019-20:254 
      
     
 
                          March 26, 2020 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 023. 
BSE Scrip Code No.: 532772 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE SYMBOL: DCBBANK   
Dear Sirs,  
 
Re: Revised Communication on conference Call with analyst / investors on the current 
environment. 
 
We refer to our earlier communication which was sent in error due to working from home 
coordination issues.  
 
The correct communication is as follows:  
 
Sub: Management Update 
 
At 3.30 p.m. on March 24, 2020, Mr. Murali M. Natrajan, MD & CEO of the Bank had 
conducted a Conference Call with analyst / investors on the current environment.  A copy of 
the Call Transcript is attached herewith. 
 
Please take same on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For DCB Bank Limited 
  
 
 
 
Rubi Chaturvedi 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl.: As above 

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
  
  
  
  
  
  
DCB Bank Limited Conference Call  
24th March, 2020  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
MANAGEMENT:                       MR. MURALI M. NATRAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO, DCB BANK LIMITED  
MR. BHARAT SAMPAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, DCB BANK LIMITED  
MR. PRAVEEN KUTTY – HEAD RETAIL & SME, DCB BANK LIMITED  
MR. SRIDHAR SESHADRI – CHIEF RISK OFFICER, DCB BANK LIMITED   
  
  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
  
  
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the DCB Bank Limited Conference  
Call. Joining us on the call today are Mr. Murali M. Natrajan – Managing Director and 
CEO of DCB Bank Limited, and Mr. Bharat Sampat – CFO of DCB Bank Limited.  
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal for an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
  
I now hand the conference over to the Mr. Murali M. Natrajan. Thank you and over to you,  
sir.  
Murali M. Natrajan: Thank you. Good afternoon, all of you. Thank you for joining this call at short notice. I 
have Bharat Sampat here and I have Praveen Kutty who is our Head of Retail and SME 
Head. And I also have our CRO, Sridhar Seshadri. So we thought we will just give you a 
quick perspective about what is happening currently. And it's a very unprecedented 
situation for all of us. And it's a situation that I don't think anybody has any experience 
of dealing with. So I thought I will give you some perspective on what is happening and 
then take on some questions.  
I am going to actually divided into two, three parts. So, first one, I will deal with on 
deposits and liquidity. So, the bank is in a comfortable liquidity position. And from the 
time that YES Bank issue happened on I think March 5th, I would say that our deposits 
have been stable, we have had new inflows of deposit. And some outflow happened 
on current and savings account, but largely our deposit are pretty much the same as 
what we had at the Bank when this March 5th Yes Bank incident happened. And we 
are also seeing new deposit flows coming. Unfortunately, as systematically the access 
to customers gets kind of curtailed by various restrictions, that makes our job a lot 
more difficult to reach out to the customer and execute the transaction. But other 
than that, we don't have any challenge at the moment, and we are watching the 
situation very closely.  
Second point I would like to say is that, as you know, we have been consistently 
reducing our top 20 depositors. And as on December it had come to about 8.28% or 
something. And I think it's reported in our press release. So since then, we have 
actually reduced it further. But as we have lesser access to individual customers, so 
what happens is that this number may slightly go up is what we expect. Again, once 
we start getting access to customers, I think this situation should improve. We also 
have been regularly bringing down the interbank deposits. Fortunately, government 
deposits are not a big number for us, and that too it is spread out across India. So, we 
don't have chunky, we never believed in taking very big chunky deposits so therefore 
we never faced any issue.  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
But having said that, these are difficult times. So the bank has to be on full alert on 
items like that. And we are doing that. We also were able to draw down a little bit of 
refinance which was available to us and we believe that further window may get 
opened first week of April, because people are working with the very skeletal kind of 
staffing. So therefore, to execute the transaction may have been difficult but we are 
on top of it.  
Regarding LCR, I would say that the average LCR was 107.74% last quarter, and we 
have been monitoring the situation. I don't recall even a single day when this number 
would have been lesser than the last quarter average. In some days it may have been 
actually better, so LCR is also one of the things that we are looking at. There are no 
disbursals happening as of now for two reasons. If you ask me, because you know that 
mortgage and SMEs was for bigger resources there. You need the lawyer, you need 
the valuer, these people are not allowed to work.  
Second thing is, in a situation that has developed we have to completely rethink our 
credit risk strategy and model. So therefore, it is better to keep away from disbursals. 
And therefore there is going to be no disbursal at all. I think most disbursals stopped 
about almost 7, 10 days ago, maybe a little bits and pieces here. Some customers are 
able to do some gold loans, small disbursals, we are doing at the branches, but that 
also is getting restricted as authorities are reducing the branch hours and so on.  
One other point I want to tell you is that our Corporate book is very small. And 
normally we have given a lot of short tenure loans. I don't have a readymade number, 
but I would expect about 8% to 12% of our Corporate book is very short tenure loans 
which comes back by the end of the quarter. And as we speak, that also is providing us 
some liquidity because many of those loans which are to good quality companies are 
coming back pretty much on time, so that is also providing us liquidity. That has been 
one of the ways of managing liquidity.  
Last point on liquidity which I want to say is that, as far as I can remember, in the last 
11 years, we have always maintained excess liquidity because of any contingency. And 
I was just speaking to our money market head, and more than 90% of the days we 
would have been net lender into the call market, because we always are sitting on 
excess liquidity. Having said that, we don't want to be complacent by any means at all. 
These are difficult situations, so the whole management team is fully focused on 
looking at each and every piece of the liquidity to make sure that it has being 
managed. And at the moment, we seem to be comfortable.  
Now, let me talk about some portfolio. Ours is a very granular portfolio. It is SME 
portfolio. Now people are asking me what do you think will happen? It is a tough thing 
to call as to what exactly will happen. But I do know that many of our customers are 
customers who have been in the business for quite some years, they may have some 
challenge here and there may be for two months, three months. But I think if you look 
at our Basel III declaration on various things in terms of wholesale trade, retail trade, 
housing loan and so on. I draw a little bit of comfort to say that these granular 
portfolios will have a chance to come back as and when the situation starts to 
normalize. That is anybody's guess as to when this will start to normalize.  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Regarding our MFI exposure, I have always mentioned to you in all my previous calls, 
our MFI exposure including business correspondence, including PTC, including lending 
to MFI NBFCs is about 5% to 6% of our total book. I also understand that in PTC for 
example, we have a cover of about 15% to 30%. In BCs, we have some what we call as 
FLDG, first loan default thing of about 4% to 5%. So, there is some cushion there. How 
good it is or not only time will tell, but there is some cushion. And our total overall 
exposure in MFI segment has been very limited. And I have explained in number of 
calls the reason why we keep that limited.  
Regarding unsecured portfolio, we have a very small PL portfolio. Apart from that, we 
may have some DA or PTC from NBFCs which are all short tenure kind of thing. It is 
possible that some stress may come on that, but against the PTC we will have some 
cover depending upon the number of months that portfolio has run off. And these are 
all some good quality companies and they have good quality management and good 
quality collection and all. But again, as the situation normalizes, we will see how those 
things pan out.  
Last point I want to say is on our operating profit. I draw comfort a little bit on the fact 
that our operating profit last quarter was about Rs. 190 crores. So, if you were to 
multiply it by four, it is about Rs. 760 crores of operating profit. We had about Rs. 59 
crores of provision last quarter that had a Rs. 10 crores one-off provision. So, you take 
that out, we are talking about something like Rs. 50 crores of provision. So, we had 
more than 3x cover of our provision, I would say probably even 3.5x. So, the margin of 
safety gives us some comfort that if there were some deterioration, we don't know 
right now as to what exactly will happen because not easy to collect these as access to 
customer is limited. Even so, I know that people are there on the call and some 
collection money is coming. I am getting those reports on a very frequent basis. So, we 
have a decent margin of safety in our business model is what I would like to say. And I 
think this fact I have mentioned even in my previous call.  
Last point, our Tier-1 capital was 12.3% as on December 31, and that did not include 
the profits of the first three quarters and any profit that we may have in this particular 
quarter. So on Capital Adequacy Tier-1, we should be fine. And if you add the Tier-2, 
which is about 3.5% odd, so we should be quite okay on Capital Adequacy as well.  
Those are our points I wanted to share with you. It is a very evolving situation and the 
management team, whether working from home or working from Corporate Office or 
working from branch, we are on top of situation. We have a separate task force which 
is taking care of all these logistics and operational issues. And we are on constant 
communication despite the fact that we are all at different locations, we are on very 
constant communication. I bless whoever invented WhatsApp, this time more than 
ever in my life. Without that kind of means how we would have managing in this kind 
of a situation, maybe WhatsApp was invented for a situation like this, who knows?  
So that's all I wanted to share with you guys. I am happy to take questions.  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. First question is from the line of Jayesh Gandhi from Birla Sunlife 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Jayesh Gandhi:  
Just wanted your color on how is our credit cost looking this quarter? And I 
know disbursements like you said have slowed down, but how do you see the 
credit cost for this quarter and then for the first half of say next fiscal? And 
also, we had seen a spike in December quarter, do we see some spikes in this 
quarter as well?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  So, we never give you any quarterly kind of guidance. And it would be not 
appropriate on my part to give you a guidance on this quarter where only a 
few days are left. What I think is that whatever data that we are seeing, we 
didn't see any inconsistency and we have never seen, in fact, except for any 
Corporate loan that goes here and there once in a while, you can see our data 
for the last many years, it has never had any inconsistencies or any sudden 
spike. And if we had any problems in Commercial Vehicles, which I have been 
always mentioning about it from the last at least three or four quarters.  
Now, we have to see how the data pans out, how much access we have to the 
customers, what kind of regulations are given by RBI in terms of how to deal 
with the thing. And maybe the entire banking affair, it's not just restricted to 
DCB. So that is where we are. And I can only assure you that we have about 
700 in-house collectors. Many of them have laptops, and many of them are, as 
we speak, without being insensitive to the customer, because guys are also 
going through a lot of stress. You can't certainly call a customer and say, 
"Where is your payment?" And I can tell you one or two customers I spoke to 
through my Collections team, and I found out that customers are willing to 
pay but they are also waiting for somebody to give them the money which is 
not reaching them because of the restriction. So those kind of logistic 
challenges are also there. So sometimes it's very hard to say what exactly is 
the delinquency and what exactly is the operational issue.  
So we will get a feel of it as we move forward. But what I want to assure you 
from our team is that we are not letting, just because people are working 
from home or something like that, our MIS management system and our 
monitoring system is quite good enough to find out exactly what people are 
doing. But at the same time, we have to be very sensitive to the stress going 
through the entire population at the moment.  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Jayesh Gandhi:  
I understand. No, I guess I was not looking for guidance. And it's a great thing 
that we don't have a big Corporate book, and that is what has really stood us 
this year well. Unfortunately, in December quarter we saw a spike because of 
one-off account, that brokerage account if I remember.   
Murali M. Natrajan:  Packaging account, not brokerage.   
Jayesh Gandhi:  
Okay, packaging account, fair enough. I thought brokerage was also there, 
because we are covered only up to half and the other half had to be provided 
for, right?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  I am not even aware. I think most it has been sorted out. We are talking about 
Karvy, right? I think it has been most likely sorted out or something, I am not 
even aware of any stress there.   
Jayesh Gandhi:  
So I guess what I was trying to ask you is that, apart from a granular NPA that 
Rs. 30 crores, Rs. 35 crores that comes every quarter and that's basically part 
of the business. Do we see any spike this quarter? I mean, have you seen any 
spike this quarter is what I was saying?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  No, in fact, we are talking about what is the date today, today is 24th. In the 
entire banking industry, a lot of work happens between 20th and 31st. So it is 
anybody's guess, so that is what I have to say. I don't know what guidance you 
are getting from other banks on this, it is a granular portfolio is all I can say.  
Jayesh Gandhi:  
Right. Fair enough. So you are saying that next first half would depend on what 
forbearance RBI declares for the borrowers, is that what you are saying?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  I mean, I have spoken to many seniors in the banking, everyone seems to 
believe that some kind of a forbearance would be given. Because if customers 
are not able to pay, not able to run their business for the last, let's say, 
whatever number of days, and clearly the national priority right now is to 
conquer this disease. And let me also tell you, Jayesh, if any of the officer has 
called up and said, "Look, I am not comfortable going to the field or I am not 
comfortable going to the branch or something like that", we have simply said, 
"Fine, just move on, go to the next". So we are being sensitive to the officer, 
we are being sensitive to the customer. So it is a very different period, and I 
really don't know how to predict any this thing on this particular situation 
right now.  
Jayesh Gandhi:  
I understand. Fair enough. So final question, I guess, if this lockdown for 
example, for three months and more, how do you see the situation? Would 
there be any contingency plan that we have in place?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  No, in terms of running the bank there is a contingency plan. In fact, I would 

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
say that we  
are more or less operating and many of the functions are on contingency plan. Let me 
just give you a simple example. We have a call center which has got 150-odd maybe 
people right. Now, God forbid if any one person is affected by COVID, I will have to 
quarantine the entire team, then what do I do? How do I run my things? Which means 
that we have had to split the team into some three, four parts, here there and all, and 
give them connectivity. This thing I am just giving you one example. So last six, seven 
days have gone in executing all our contingency plans. Some of it was as per 
document, some of it we are realizing new that this is a different situation from the 
normal contingency plan, and we are executing those plans.  
Jayesh Gandhi:  
Fair enough. Final question, I know it's difficult, but I will still ask it. How do 
you see growth, in the sense, do we still entertain customers who are looking 
for loans or looking for your support in a normal fashion? Or are we going to 
stop this disbursing?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  Currently there are three things that are not in any particular order we are 
focusing on. One is, we are focusing on running the bank properly from a 
logistics point of view so that customers who are using remote channels or 
branches have not inconvenience in any way. Like for example, Treasury has 
to run, IT has to run, call centre has to run you know, those kind of things. 
Second, like I mentioned in the starting of the call, making sure that we 
remain liquid and make sure that the bank even if it has excess liquidity, let it 
be excess liquidity, let it be there. And third is to keep the employee morale, 
because I have 6,800 people, I don't want people to slack in everything, so we 
have what track teams talking to people, keeping them engaged, so all that 
activities are happening. So as and when loan growth opportunity comes we 
will do it. At the moment it is very hard to say.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajiv Maliwal from Sabre Partners. 
Please go ahead.  
Rajiv Maliwal:  
Do you see any impact on the liabilities of your bank or banks in general?   
Murali M. Natrajan:  
So, I can see that, what is happening I will say, then the assessment of what 
the impact  
would be is maybe different for different banks. Is that you know, every month you 
get about, let's say, X number of customers. I am talking about retail customers, right, 
small ticket, 3 lakhs, 5 lakhs, that type of customers. Those customers come because 
of our tele-calling or they come because of our personal meeting or we have created a 
warm lead through some micro marketing activities, etc. Now, from last 7, 10 days, 
only call we are doing, we are not even attempting to meet any customers so that we 
don't put the staff or the customer at risk in any way. Okay? So, that process needs to 
settle down for us to see what the retail momentum of the deposit would be. So if you 
ask me, it will take probably two, three weeks before we can say with some certainty. 

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Because electronically anybody can book a deposit in our bank, I mean, those 
capabilities are very much and then we are improving it because the tech team is 
working, so we are improving that capability.  
With regard to disbursals, we don't think it's a good idea to disburse any loan at this 
point in time, because the entire credit thinking has to be reset, we have to evaluate 
what is right, what is not. So since we don't have a disbursal and I can't see that 
happening for at least next 30 to 45 days. The reason I am saying is, you don't have a 
valuer, you don't have a lawyer, you don't have a customer, you can't pick up the 
document, there is no registrar working, government is not working and so many 
things that are dependent is required for disbursing alone. So therefore the liability 
pressure for growing the book will be less. So therefore, I think that in parallel it 
should be all right. That's our sense at the moment.  
YES Bank issue, we dealt with. YES Bank was an important issue, PMC was an 
important issue. Customers raised questions because of all the media hype that 
happened. Touch wood, we have dealt with it. Fortunately, we started working on 
reducing our top 20 depositors for the last almost 13, 14 months, and I have been 
reporting the progress on that consistently to all of you. We were below 10%, our aim 
was to bring it down to 5%. Maybe I will have to postpone that instead of two years, 
maybe two and half years, something depending upon how it opens. But we are still 
looking for granular deposits.  
Rajiv Maliwal:  
And finally, are you sensing that the government may do something 
specifically for SMEs and MSMEs? And if so they do something, is there an
opportunity there for DCB?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  I think currently somebody in that interview they said that everyone from 
Corporate to SME may require forbearance in this kind of a really crazy 
situation that has developed. And I personally feel that in order to protect the 
employment and in order to protect the base level economy, they will have to 
think of doing something for the SMEs. Minimally, I think they will give them a 
lot more time to repay the loan, in what shape and form it comes, I am not 
sure. Minimally we will have to give them some time. The next step would be 
to see whether they can give any kind of relief package, like for example, 
some financial assistance or something to come up. That could be an 
opportunity. It depends on how well the program is created.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from HDFC 
Life.  
Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Agarwal:  Sir, I just wanted to have your outlook on LRD segment, what are the 
challenges that you are seeing? And also from our bank perspective, what is 
the LRD exposure and what is the geographical concentration of it?  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Murali M. Natrajan:  I don't have any, I mean, like we don't do big, big LRD loans. Even if you add, 
maybe it will be one or two loans in our Corporate book, that too to some 
really good quality clients. And I mean, given our pricing, we normally were 
not able to attract those big LRD loans. So I am sorry, I can't help you on that 
unless you have some information about our bank you think that I need to 
respond to.  
Abhishek Agarwal:  Nothing specific, just wanted to have an outlook. And since the retailers are 
shut down their stores and now they are considering force majeure to not to 
pay the rentals.  
Murali M. Natrajan:  Oh, you are talking like that. Now, I can't even remember any loans that we 
may have or any meaningful ticket where there are many retailers who are 
paying the rent. It could be some Amazon has taken a space, I mean, I am 
talking about like it's more like a corporate kind of thing is what a LRD that we 
may have focused on, if at all.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Centrum. 
Please go  
ahead.  
Gaurav Jani:  
Thank you for taking my questions. And hope all of you are safe.  
Murali M. Natrajan:  Hope, you are all safe also because that is the most important item right now it 
seems to be.  
Gaurav Jani:  
Yes. Sir, firstly I think quickly, I have come on probably a short notice, but I 
think the Finance Ministry has just come out with this sort of small 
dispensation on the IBC to support SMEs. They have raised the default ticket 
sizes from Rs. 1 lakh to Rs. 1 crores.  
So what sort of a benefit do you see for us if in case we do?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  We will evaluate. You are talking about that below Rs. 1 crores, that’s a cut off, 
right, we are talking about?  
Gaurav Jani:  
Yes.  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Murali M. Natrajan:  We have very few cases in IBC. Our recovery methods are either doing a 
payment plan with the customer or SARFAESI to sell his property. Mostly we 
try to settle these things with that. So, IBC comes into the picture only for a 
limited, I mean, like private limited companies. Those are very few, handful of 
them are in this thing. So I don't see that. In any case, I know that many IBC 
procedures are all getting, some long dates are being offered by the courts 
given that nobody is working. So I don't think that's a very important item for 
us at the moment.   
Gaurav Jani:  
Sure. Sir, secondly if I may ask you, you being a retail specialist bank, it would 
be helpful if we could throw some light as to how do we see each segment, 
specifically the LAP or the housing going forward in terms of the sort of stress 
we may see and the measures taken on that. Would help if you could delve 
into segments shortly.  
Murali M. Natrajan:  
So, I may revise this 10 days later or 30 days later or even tomorrow, because 
as situation  
evolves I am also learning what is happening. There are previous situations to compare 
this with to understand what is happening. All we know is that if you have seen The 
Economist cover, which is got a globe and it says, "Closed". Okay? So that was a very 
telling page in that. What I want to say is that, I don't think one should be thinking that 
salary segment will be all right, however SME will suffer. I think that probably is not 
what it could be. It is broad based. And I may even say that salary people could either 
face a reduction in salary, postponement of their incentives, I don't know what size 
and shape it will happen. People may lose jobs because last night I got so bored I 
decided to go to St. Regis restaurant to have a meal. And they said that you have to sit 
some 10 feet apart and this that, they had some very, very big moves. It was really 
crazy. The foyer was very dark, there was hardly anybody in the restaurant. And it was, 
I can tell you that, then I asked the guy at the entrance and everyone stands at least 15 
feet away from you. So he said that this is one of the hardest times that we have seen. 
So I just want to say that it's very difficult to currently assess as to what will happen. 
All I am saying is that if the businesses start to move forward say in about one, two 
months, there will be enough fuel in the tank of majority of SMEs to withstand this, 
plus any forbearance or any payment plan or anything that government, the RBI 
comes up with, should help. Ultimately, it will bounce back. Question is, how many, 
when, what is the question, there is a time period that is the question. I don't have any 
answers for that, frankly. But salaried segment also will get impacted in this particular 
situation. There is no doubt that I have in my mind.  
Gaurav Jani:  
Sure. So, if I may squeeze in just one, please. Have we sort of done a stress 
test? And if you could throw some light on that, and what sort of findings do 
we have?  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Murali M. Natrajan:  I cannot share stress test of the internal finding. We do stress test under  
ICAAP, those are like really big stress tests we do as to what will happen to 
capital, what will happen to this, what will happen to that and all. And we 
have been doing it for the last 11 years, it's a ICAAP document that is 
religiously prepared every quarter, Sridhar will share with RMC also, right, Risk 
Management Committee. And we keep tweaking it to see what the stress is. 
So, we have the document that we cannot share with you, but I can tell you 
this once again, our operating profit per quarter is about Rs. 180 crores, Rs. 
190 crores. And our credit provision is about Rs. 40 crores, Rs. 45 average. You 
can stretch both these numbers, because I do believe that in under any 
pressure that we may come, we may not come, probably time will say, we 
have the flexibility on cost as well. If revenue comes under pressure we have 
some flexibility on cost as well is what our belief is. So we have a reasonable 
margin of safety is what I would like to mention to you. And I sincerely believe 
that as well.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Susmit Patodia from Motilal Oswal 
Asset Management. Please go ahead.  
Susmit Patodia:  
So, Murali, you started your career from a crisis, and it doesn't seem to be 
stopping.  
Murali M. Natrajan:  My boss called me today, poor guy, he is stuck in Dubai. And you can imagine 
that if you are away from the work and situation is like what it is today, that 
person becomes even more keen to keep knowing as to what is happening. 
So, he told me, "This is all over again, is it?" I said, "This is all over again times 
ten".  
Susmit Patodia:  
That’s what I wanted to ask you, what is the exponential to the, "All over 
again".  
Murali M. Natrajan:  
I don't know. But one thing I will tell you that if you were to put, of course, this 
cannot be  
reflected in any financial, at least as of now. But if you had to put an enthusiasm or 
spirit meter in our team, it probably would be higher than what it was when it is 
business as usual, I would say that. That is a huge amount of enthusiasm. People are 
focused. See, in times like this you have to focus on the next important activity, that's 
all there is there in your control. I am not trying to be philosophical here, I am trying to 
be very practical here about what exactly. So we just are focusing on what is the next 
activity, what is the next activity, what is the next activity. And then just keep going, 
and then we will see, inshallah, where we end up on that. So, I find it very hard. I know 
everyone is keen, but I find it very hard to give you guys any predictions. But all I can 
say is that our priority is on working on liquidity, keeping the operations of the bank 
smooth and try and keep collecting money as possible and keep the spirits of the 
employees high, that's all we are working on right now.  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Susmit Patodia:  
And Murali, just on this liquidity part. I mean, now that you have had 
conversations with almost all your top depositors, are the government 
departments behaving tough or the trusts behaving tough, where do you see 
the problem coming from?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  It's a perception issue. And many of these departments, fortunately, again, let 
me repeat, I don't have too many government departments kind of deposits. 
And here and there where we have deposits, we seem to have decent 
relationship. But we will see, I mean, when it all comes up for renewal we will 
see that. And we have a very, more or less, uniform renewal pattern on 
month on month is what at least I can see. So what I would like to say is that, 
each of these departments are usually run by an IAS officer or some very 
experienced bureaucrat. And they may have their own compulsion or reasons 
why they don't want to continue the relationship, they may have a compelling 
need to play very, very safe. Whatever may be the reason, all I know is in the 
history of banking, scheduled commercial banks have never defaulted on their 
depositors. So that's all I know. I mean, that was very clearly said by the 
Governor. He can say it again just to support all the private banks.  
Susmit Patodia:  
And would you be able to give us an idea of how much extra liquidity we 
would be carrying vis-à-vis the baseline that we normally do?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  Those are all internal numbers; I would not be able to tell you. All I can tell 
you is that from the day I joined the bank, I don't recall more than a handful of 
days when we were a borrower somewhere in call market. That too we would 
have been opportunistic borrower, maybe you just borrowed there to make 
some 20, 50 basis points or some opportunity.  
Otherwise we have always been net lender in the call market.  
Susmit Patodia:  
And just lastly, Murali, are there any states that you are seeing more difficulty 
operating because of the condition or because of the fear? So let's say 
Rajasthan, Kerala, are these states difficult to you?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  
No, it is not by district by district. You see, it is very clear that banks should be 
allowed to  
work, but sometimes the local admin, like the magistrate, the DM can take their own 
call. I am told that under the Negotiable Instrument Act they have power, I have to 
read that myself, I am not aware. But like Goa for example, banks are shut. Now it all 
depends on what risk they perceive and what risk they want to capture. But yes, so it's 
a very evolving situation. Somebody told me Nagaland has said that they are shut 
down or something like that. So, as soon as I finish this call we will have another call to 
take stock of the situation, what happened where, that would be the next call for us.  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Susmit Patodia:  
I mean, what I was just trying to understand, maybe I will put it differently is 
that, are there any states where the employees don't want to come in?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  No, it is employee specific. There are employees who are putting up their 
hand and saying that, look I want to come and help out. There is a Retired 
Major in our bank in Gujarat, and he has sent a message saying that, "Come 
what may, I want to be part of the task force. Tell me, I am experienced on 
task force, I want to help." So both items are happening. There are young 
people who are coming under pressure from parents to say that, leave your 
jobs but don’t go to the office, this has also happened. So we have been very 
sensitive, sit at home, no problem, that type of things.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayesh Gangdhi from Birla 
Sunlife Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.   
Jayesh Gandhi:  
Murali, one more question from my side. How are we looking at costs? Our 
cost to income is not the best. And we were looking to bring it down. As I see 
in the coming year, the growth in asset side could be challenged, and 
rightfully. And our deposit cost may not go down that quickly. So, even the 
balance sheet is not rising, how do you see costs? I mean, cost optimization or 
reduction could be one of the key areas to ensure that our Rs. 190 crores, Rs. 
200 crores PBT has some growth or stays there?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  So, what we believe is that our cost is a lot of frontline cost. Frontline cost 
works in terms of like, when I say frontline, I mean, the sales people who go 
out and seek loans, the credit people who support those loans. The only team 
that I think we may have to increase would be Collections team. We already 
have 700, I don't have a clue as to how much more we have to increase and 
all, that all we will take care. So I would say, a lot of our people cost in the 
frontline is flexible, it is scalable. So exact number what is going to happen, I 
can't tell you right now. But I draw a little bit of comfort from the fact that we 
have a scorecard, we have performance, we have volumes, we have 
monitoring process.  
So there is a lot of flexibility in the frontline team.   
And as far as back office is concerned, the growth of back office has been 
always coming down, either because of automation or empowering of the 
customer itself to do the transaction. So those kind of things are helping to 
actually reduce the back office. So we will see. First six months, I see as pretty 
intense work to be done as and when the situation starts to improve. And 
then we will see how to get back on track.  
Jayesh Gandhi:  
Understand, fair enough. So what you are saying is that if the balance sheet 
doesn't grow in the bank your costs should not also grow in that proportion?  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Murali M. Natrajan:  
Cost growth won't happen, if the balance sheet will not grow then cost would 
definitely  
not grow. The questions would be, how much flexibility we can exercise to try and 
bring down the cost in some proportion? That is very difficult to say at this moment, 
and we will focus on it as we get some stability of how to deal with the current 
situation.  
Jayesh Gandhi:  
And branch expansion etc., put on hold now?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  Now, that is long-term, we cannot even think of it right now. Because how will 
we execute it. The branches that we were executing, the carpenters and 
others are fleeing from there too.   
Jayesh Gandhi:  
Right. No, I was talking once things open up, you will have to recalibrate your 
branch expansion strategy as well, right?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  That is anyway at 15, 20, so that would be a priority. That priority would be
decided based on what are the other priorities that we need to work on.  
Jayesh Gandhi:  
Wonderful. Thank you. All the very best.  
Murali M. Natrajan:  Okay. Any other questions? So we can then wrap up the call.  
Moderator:  
We will take the last question from the line of Lovelesh Manocha from Aegon 
Life. Please go ahead.  
Lovelesh Manocha:  Murali, just one questions. Just wanted to know what percentage of your 
collection requires high touch, basically which might need to be collected 
manually, which is not digital?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  You know, it is a question that has got high touch as well as remote touch. For 
example, just to clarify, let us say for the first time a customer has missed the 
two payments in a row, right? That would necessarily require us to go to the 
field and talk to him, because we will only collect cash. But supposing the 
following month we are to follow with the same guy, then it may not be 
necessary for the collection officer to go and meet him in the field, because he 
has already established a connection with him, he knows where he is, he has 
got his coordinates and all that stuff. So there is no simple model, but 
normally on later buckets, supposing customer has missed three buckets and 
all, it will all be field collection. But having said that, the collection team, as we 
speak, are on the call with the customer regularly trying to see how best to 
get the money into the nearby bank account or somewhere, and then get it 
through to us through IMPS and RTGS. So there will be some learning on that 
as to how to do that. But later buckets ours is a high touch collections, no 
doubt about it.  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Lovelesh Manocha:  Okay. So the initial payment itself, how much percentage will be digital for the 
first six months?   
Murali M. Natrajan:  
70%, 80% will be digital. Digital means it will be through NACH or cheque or 
something  
like that.  
Lovelesh Manocha:  Okay. And from the assets perspective, how much of this do you think we can 
do it digitally whereas on phone or digitally for new business organization 
perspective, where again high touch is required?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  You want to take that questions, Praveen?  
Praveen Kutty:  
On the asset side, we are in the secured business. And that definitely will have 
a high competition of touch, because you necessarily have to get the 
registration done.  
Murali M. Natrajan:  You are talking about disbursal of a new loan, is it?  
Lovelesh Manocha:  Yes, yes. So like you mentioned earlier that some part of our loans is shorten 
tenure loan, so naturally…  
Murali M. Natrajan:  Wait, wait. In Corporate, which is only 12% of our book, out of the 12% 20-
odd percent is a short tenure loan which comes back to us within the quarter. 
So as far as our mortgage loan is concerned or LAP is concerned or home loan 
is concerned, it's a long tenure loan, there are no short tenure loans. The 
shortest tenure would be maybe commercial vehicles which will be four years 
or a personal loan which is a very small portfolio of about three years. 
Personal loans, you may not need the high touch, rest of the loans all require 
field work, evaluation, legal, documentation, blah, blah, all that is required on 
all the other loans. Currently, a lot of government agencies are not working 
and government is not allowing, as far as I know, because we have seen 
letters, lawyers are not working, registrar is not working, valuers are not 
working, nobody is working.  
Lovelesh Manocha:  Right. So on home loan and LAP side, what would be the average tenure of 
that loan?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  Usual average there would be about 12, 14 years.   
Lovelesh Manocha:  Okay. And one last thing. Have you seen any spike in short-term credit? What's 
the TD rates that we are offering currently….  

DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008  Tel: +91 22 66187000  Fax: +91 22 66589970  Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Murali M. Natrajan:  We don’t take short tenure TD. The minimum term deposit tenure we take is 
12 or 13 months, no point in taking shorter TDs. We don't have that business 
to support shorter TD. Of course, a lot of customers who have excess cash 
may place that in that, but we don't consider that amount for our loan 
business. At the moment, very little energy is being spent on lending as this 
thing. We are only spending time on managing liquidity properly, running the 
bank, keeping the employee morale and also collections, whatever we can do. 
These are all the four things that we are working on.   
Lovelesh Manocha:  So either on TD or short term deposits or interbank, has there been any spike 
that we would have seen in the last couple of days?  
Murali M. Natrajan:  I have not seen yet.  
Lovelesh Manocha:  Sure. That’s it from my side.  
Murali M. Natrajan:  So, I have given you perspective on our liquidity. I have given you perspective 
on our top 20 depositors. I have told you as to where we stand on LCR. I have 
given you some color on our MFI exposure, unsecured exposure. I have also 
given you the perspective on what I think is your margin of safety and our 
capital adequacy. These are all evolving matters. So next week this may 
change, tomorrow it may change. But the fact is, this is what I have given you 
all this information and perspective based on what I see as of today.  
Thank you very much for logging into the call and look forward to talking to 
you again.  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the DCB Bank 
Limited, that completes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you 
may now disconnect your lines.  
------------------  
 
