^?A^.
^^
1jur
India Ltd.
Ref: SEC/SE/2020-21
Date: June 5, 2020
Scrip Symbol: NSE - DABUR, BSE Scrip Code - 500096
To,
Corporate Relation Department
BSE Ltd
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/l, G Block Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E)
Mumbai-400051.
Sub: Transcript of Investors' Conference Call for Dabur India Limited - 04 FY 2019-20 Financial Results
Dear Sir(s),
Please find attached the Transcript of Investors' Conference Call organized on May 27, 2020 post declaration of
Financial Results for the Quarter & Year ended March 31, 2020 for your information and records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
(A K Jain)
EVP (Finance) and Company Secretary
End: as above
DABUR INDIA UMFTED, Punjabi Bhawan, 10, Rouse Avenue, New Delhl-110 002. Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax: +91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3. AsafAll Road, New Delhi -110 002 (India)
PAN: AAACD0474C. CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908. Email: corpcomm@mail.dabur, Website: www.dabur.com

 
 
Page 1 of 34 
 
 
“Dabur India Limited Q4 FY’20 Results Investor Conference 
Call” 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. MOHIT MALHOTRA - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. LALIT MALIK - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ASHOK JAIN - EVP(FINANCE) & COMPANY SECRETARY 
MR. ANKUSH JAIN - HEAD (FINANCIAL PLANNING & ANALYSIS) 
MRS. GAGAN AHLUWALIA - SR. GENERAL MANAGER (CORPORATE AFFAIRS) 
 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 34 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the management of Dabur India 
Limited, I welcome you to this conference call pertaining to the Results for the Quarter and Year-
Ended 31st March 2020. 
We have here with us Mr. Mohit Malhotra - Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lalit Malik - Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Ashok Jain - EVP(Finance) & Company Secretary  and Mr. Ankush Jain - 
Head(Financial Planning and Analysis).  
 
We will now start with an overview of the company's performance by Mr. Malhotra, followed by 
a Q&A session. In the interest of time, we request you to limit your questions to two per person, 
so that everyone may get a chance to interact. You may come back in the queue if time permits. 
Thank you and now over to Mohit. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Thank you, Gagan. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on Dabur 
India Limited's Conference Call pertaining to Results for the Quarter and the Year-Ended 31st 
March 2020. We hope that you and your families are staying well and safe. 
The current pandemic that we all are facing is unprecedented one. As you know, there is close to 
5.5 million confirmed cases of coronavirus in the world. India has come to close around 150,000 
confirmed cases and is yet to see flattening of the curve. As lockdowns are being lifted and 
restrictions on movement are being eased in certain areas, operations in FMCG industry are seeing 
a gradual revival. 
Coming to the performance of financial year 2020:  
We saw a 2% growth in consolidated revenue from operations. For the 11 months ended 29 
February 2020, we are growing at the rate of 6.4%, but were materially impacted in March on 
account of lockdown during the second half of the month. Unfortunately for us, the lockdowns in 
March also overlapped with a pre-season sales of our summer skewed brands like Juices, Glucose, 
Pudin Hara, Hair Oils and Ethical portfolio. 
In terms of reported PAT, we saw flattish performance in financial year 2020. If we look at the 
PAT before exceptional items for the 11 months ended 29th February 2020, there was a growth of 
12.8%. COVID-19 has a material impact of Rs. 360 crores on the top-line and around Rs. 115 
crores on the bottom-line. Dabur was on track to deliver another strong year of performance with 
around 6% revenue growth and 13.8% PAT before exceptional growth if COVID-19 had not 
happened. Our reported PAT would have seen a growth of around 8%, had COVID-19 not been 
there. 
The true barometer for performance is the growth in 11 months of financial year 2020, and from 
now I will be referring that to as YTD February 2020 growth. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 34 
Healthcare portfolio was witnessing a strong 11.4% YTD February 2020 growth, driven by topical 
marketing campaigns, localized sales activation and sustained investments behind our power 
brands. Health Supplements grew by 12.9% in YTD February 2020, led by robust growth in 
Chyawanprash and Glucose. Dabur Glucose and Dabur Chyawanprash saw an improvement of 
more than 100 bps and 400 bps in the market share, respectively. Digestives category recorded a 
growth of 14.2%, driven by strong performance of Hajmola and Pudin Hara. Ethical business, 
which is the backbone of our company, continued to perform well with 9.3% YTD February 
growth. Under the OTC portfolio, Honitus was a strong outperformer with a growth of 13.2%. 
Within HPC, Oral Care recorded YTD February growth of 7%, despite the continuous sharp 
slowdown in the Oral Care category. Our market share in Toothpaste category witnessed a growth 
of 30 basis points vis-à-vis last year. Hair Oils reported a mid-single-digit growth on account of 
continued slowdown in the category. Brahmi Amla and Sarson Amla posted a robust double-digit 
YTD February growth. Our market shares in Hair Oils increased by 60 basis points. We continue 
to pursue a flanker brand strategy with the investments behind our power brand, Dabur Amla. 
Shampoo portfolio recorded a 7.9% YTD February growth and witnessed an uptick of 40 bps in 
market share to touch 5.6% on MAT basis. The Bottle portfolio continues to see a strong surge, 
resulting in increase in salience of bottles. Home Care and Skin Care categories reported a muted 
performance due to the high basis of last year. 
Foods witnessed a flat YTD February growth. This is mainly on account of a sharp slowdown in 
overall juice category and down-trading to cheaper alternatives by the consumers. That said, the 
first two months of 2020 we were witnessing an uptick in growth, which we believe would have 
carried on into the season had COVID not been there. Our market shares in J&N category saw an 
increase of 150 basis points for the year to touch 59.5%. Culinary business under Hommade brand 
recorded 12% YTD Feb growth. 
Our Q4 FY20 consolidated revenue from operations reported a decline of 12.3%. India FMCG 
business saw a volume decline of 14.6%. These numbers for the first two months of the quarter, 
that is January-February, were trending at 4.5% growth for consolidated revenue and 4.6% for 
FMCG India volume growth. Our business remains on a strong footing, and we are confident of 
achieving strong growth of pre-COVID times once things normalize. 
International business was flat during Q4 FY20. Turkey business witnessed a growth of almost 
50% in quarter four. Sales in Egypt were up by 14%. Namaste business reported a growth of 
11.3%. Sub-Sahara Africa also saw growth of 17% during Q4 FY20. MENA business was growing 
well during the year, but got impacted due to COVID and economic slowdown, reporting a decline 
of 7.7% during the quarter. SAARC business remained under pressure as Nepal and Bangladesh 
were impacted by complete lockdown. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 34 
COVID-19 had a material impact on business. It is also changing the world around us, and we as 
Dabur are adapting ourselves to align with the new changing times. Our strategy to manage 
COVID scenario is based on “Six Pillars” of strategy around: 
1. 
Employee well-being. 
2. 
Reorientation of marketing strategy. 
3. 
Strengthening our GTM approach. 
4. 
Streamlining manufacturing practices. 
5. 
Cost and cash flow management. 
6. 
Community welfare. 
As we progress through the various phases of lockdown, we have ensured employee safety and 
productive work practices. Working from home was swiftly implemented from the 16th of March 
with comprehensive guidelines. As our factories and offices have reopened, we are observing strict 
implementation of social distancing and hygiene practices and encouraging work from home. 
On the second pillar of marketing strategy: 
We are repurposing our brand communications to highlight health benefits across relevant brands 
and portfolios. We have increased our digital presence and are engaging with consumers 
extensively on social media. With consumers' media preferences changing from general 
entertainment channels to news and movie channels, we have retooled our media mix accordingly. 
Similarly, we have reduced our exposure to print and outdoor mediums. 
We have stepped up innovation across our categories in Dabur. We have introduced Dabur Tulsi 
Drops, immunity booster; Dabur Haldi Drops; Dabur Amla Juice; Dabur Giloy-Neem-Tulsi Juice; 
Trikatu Churna, Dabur Immunity Kit in Healthcare. 
In household and personal hygiene space, we have launched a new brand called Dabur Sanitize, 
which carries under its umbrella a range of hand sanitizers, antiseptic liquid, disinfectant liquid, 
sprays, air sanitizers. Dabur Veggie Wash has also been introduced in view of consumer need for 
improved hygiene for vegetables and fruits. 
In addition, we have also launched Dabur Suraksha Kit, which contains a face shield, a reusable 
facemask, hand gloves, head cover and a sanitizer. 
In Foods, we have launched Real Pink Guava, Real Masala Sugarcane and a tetra pack version of 
Real Activ Coconut Water. Going ahead, you will see the company broadening its portfolio with 
new product launches in larger and relevant categories. 
For the third pillar of GTM: 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 34 
We are utilizing technology as a catalyst to automate order taking in a bigger way. We are 
committed to expanding our village coverage to 60,000 villages by the end of financial year 2021, 
and our direct reach from 1.2 million to 1.5 million in two to three years time. We are also focusing 
on e-commerce, which continues to gain salience in our business on account of strong growth. To 
ensure delivery of goods to our stockiest, we partner with third-party like Delhivery, Javis and 
newspaper vendors. We also are reaching out to consumers directly through Dunzo and Swiggy 
and also started 'Immunity at Doorstep' a direct-to-consumer initiative for the health care brands. 
In manufacturing: 
All our factories had to be shut down in the last week of March 2020, post government notification 
of lockdown. Factory operations have restarted selectively from second week of April after getting 
approval from local authorities. Most factories are currently running at operational capacity of 
60% to 70%. We are also adding capacities and 3Ps, where there is a shortage of capacity in some 
categories. At all our factories, strict social distancing norms are being followed across the shop 
floor and cafeterias.  
We have initiated Project Samriddhi in India for cost optimization and value enhancement across 
various levers of business. The company is not facing any liquidity issues as the company has cash 
reserves of around Rs. 3,800 crores as of 31st March 2020. The Board has approved the final 
dividend of 160% to our shareholders, indicating our strong cash and liquidity position. 
Under the sixth and the most important pillar of community welfare, Dabur has earmarked Rs. 21 
crores towards the support and relief activities. We are also providing health and safety kits to 
frontline police personnel and health and sanitation workers, and nutritious meals to families of 
migrant workers and urban poor. 
The month of April and a part of May 2020 saw complete lockdown, which led to significant 
impact on the sector. The recent report of Syndicated Research also indicates a sharp fall in FMCG 
growth with a decline of 34% in the month of April. But with the easing of restrictions, we are 
seeing sequential improvement in the revenue trajectory of the company. For the company, we 
intend to mitigate the impact of the revenue from operations by higher focus on health and hygiene 
categories, new product launches, driving sales through new channels such as direct-to-consumer 
platforms and e-commerce and aggressive monitoring of sales in GT channel. In spite of these 
measures, the impact of COVID-19 in quarter one financial year 2021, revenue from operations is 
likely to be in the range of Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 450 crores and on PAT around Rs. 60 crores to 
Rs. 80 crores. 
Although the COVID situation continues to be worrying on account of the cases still increasing at 
a rapid pace, we believe that the earlier mentioned readjustments in strategy will help us emerge 
out of this pandemic stronger, more agile and a more capable organization. Our belief is centered 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 34 
around our passion for increasing market share and intend to broaden our portfolio potential across 
our categories. 
With this, I now open the Q&A and invite your questions. 
Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss 
Abneesh Roy: 
Before the question, just one request. Just like Dabur every time has a good gap in terms of timing 
between the results and the call, same thing if you can do in the future also. Because today I think 
hardly anyone has got the presentation, and there was very little time to analyze the results also. 
So that is the request. 
Now coming to my first question that is on the COVID impact. Sir, when I see the Q4 revenue 
impact and Q1 revenue impact which you have given, it's not very different, but the PAT impact 
is in fact lower in Q1, in spite of revenue being higher in terms of impact. So could you explain 
that? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. Hi, Abneesh. So two questions you have asked me, first thing, call, there should be a gap. 
Now we cannot have a gap because all of us are in Delhi and you know there are three states here. 
So there is a lockdown and there are police counters that we have, so we have to wind up by around 
at 5:30 in the evening, so that's a hard stop for us. People all have to go and they have to navigate 
the police barricading. So it becomes an issue. This is a part of the COVID impact that we guys 
are facing. That's one. 
Now the second thing that you asked me, on COVID impact, yes, you are right. Rs. 360 crores 
was the last year impact. And now we are saying the impact in Q1 is expected to be Rs. 450 crores. 
Not similar, it's again lower, we are trying to mitigate the impact as much as possible on the profit. 
Because in the previous financial year, COVID lockdown came as a surprise to us with Janta 
Curfew, and subsequently lockdown being imposed. We did not get time to gear up our strategy. 
And it was a sudden lockdown - sudden shutdown of our supply chains and distribution channels. 
And that is why we lost so much of profit. We could not compensate it. Now we have enough time, 
we have already seen and we are adapting and aligning ourselves to the new normal situation. And 
therefore, we are taking series of mitigation steps to mitigate the impact of the revenue on the 
profit. We are doing cost cutting across the value chain in the company. As I spoke to in my 
commentary, we have tied up with a consultant and across the value chain we are addressing all 
variable cost and also fixed cost systematically and trying to mitigate that impact. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, one follow-up on this. You said currently the operational capacity is 60%, 70%. Now if I see 
in Q4, only 12 days impact was there, the balance 75 days or 78 days there was normal capacity 
utilization. So in April if you see, capacity utilization would have been even lower than the 60%, 
70% current you mentioned. So when you say the Q1 impact would be only Rs. 400 crores, does 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 34 
this take into account some outsourcing which you are doing? Because then it doesn't tally up in 
terms of math. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, in the end of March there was a complete shutdown of all our 11 factories. Coming into April, 
after the April 15th, there was a gradual easing of lockdown and factories started opening up, 
because even government was not clear what is essential and what is non-essential. They allowed 
essential, which was food and only food factories were allowed to operate. And all the Dabur 
factories, despite producing medicines and healthcare items, were completely shut down. So 
gradually, slowly, we have got permissions from district magistrates and respective districts 
wherever our factories are, and we have got complete permissions to operate. So as we speak, all 
our factories are operational at the moment. Now while the factories are operational, we are 
maintaining safety protocols for the workers and lot of migrant workers have actually gone back 
to their own villages. So the contract workers that we have, they are around 60% to 70% at the 
time. We used to operate three shifts, now we are running two shifts. Limitation of workers is 
actually giving a constraint, and that is why 60% to 70% of working operation of the factory which 
I talked about. 
Lalit Malik: 
And it will gradually improve going forward for the remaining period. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. As and when we recruit more workers and we are allowed interstate transportation of workers 
from one state to the other, this will only improve and become 100%. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
In addition, yes, we have also tapped 3Ps, to your point. And in fact, some of the new products 
that we have launched are being manufactured by third-parties. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second and last question is on toothpaste. You said you have gained 30 bps market share over 
the year. The market leader when it came out with its results, said that they have gained around 80 
bps market share in March over February. So, is monthly data the right way to look at? Second, 
have you lost market share in March or Feb? And because of COVID, do you see the herbal 
toothpaste makers gaining market share? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, we don't look at data on a monthly level. To me, the right barometer of the business 
performance is looking at either the moving annual total, which includes 12 months of preceding 
performance or looking at the quarter, because we divulge the quarter figures here. Quarter-on-
quarter we have actually grown in volume in terms of 40 bps actually, not even 30 bps even the 
value number and volume terms we have gained. And we have gained across our brands, so even 
Babool, Red Toothpowder, Red Toothpaste across the board. I can't comment on what the 
competitor has told. But we have definitely gained market share much ahead, and we are also 
sequentially gaining market share month-on-month. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 34 
Abneesh Roy: 
And sir, herbal, any impact on Ayurvedic specific? Not just toothpaste, if you could comment on 
the entire Ayurvedic portfolio. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So see, there is a huge tailwind now and which is what Dabur wants to capitalize and be a great 
beneficiary for this tailwind. And that is why you see suite of launches in the preventive healthcare 
area. You will see that, that's why as the slowdown when consumption is not very conducive to 
new product launches at the time, people are going in for staples and commodities and atta, dal, 
chawal, we guys are launching healthcare products because there is a pent-up demand here. There 
is a pent-up demand for ashwagandha, pent-up demand for giloy, pent-up demand for 
Chyawanprash. Chyawanprash, as we speak, we have complete shortage of Chyawanprash. We 
are not able to supply Chyawanprash. Our market shares have gone up by 400 bps on 
Chyawanprash. Honey is surging at 80% growth from last year. So you will ask me it is 
contradictory to what I said that the business has actually gone down, and you are talking about 
growth. 
Now government did not define Chyawanprash and honey as essential in the beginning. And it 
was all under lockdown. This is why the situation is what you guys see, because we came to a 
standstill because of supply chain. The demand would have been there, but STRs were completely 
dried up at the retail level. As and when the supply chains opened up, we have been able to service 
the market. And now we see a surge in our health care items. So we will be launching a lot of 
essential products for which the demand is there. And after Prime Minister's guidance on the 
products to be used for Ayurveda, Dabur has got a robust portfolio which actually caters to what 
we talk about. And as we speak, we are doing a clinical trial on Chyawanprash, ashwagandha and 
giloy, partnering with the government agencies. If the clinical data comes in our favor, then this 
will be a very big upside for not just Dabur, but for Ayurveda as an alternative system of medicine 
in the country. And we are extremely bullish about it. 
Percy Panthaki from IIFL 
Percy Panthaki: 
My first question is, the products that you have in your portfolio, which can be positioned as 
immunity boosting product, what could be the sales contribution of that to your domestic sales? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, total health care, Percy, accounts for roughly around 30% to 35% of our sales, depending 
upon season to season. It can actually go up to around 40% also in the winter season. And 
Chyawanprash, for example, which is the largest brand which is an immunity booster. So most of 
our products are geared to it. I can't give you exact percentage, we will have to calculate what are 
the immunity boosting products. But I think 50% of our health care portfolio should be around 
immunity boosting, indirectly or directly. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. So around 15% to 20% of domestic sales? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 34 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right, correct. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. Sir, second question was on the normal FMCG products. While I can understand there is a 
logic to say why in this kind of an environment, people will sort of increase consumption of 
anything linked to immunity. But your normal FMCG portfolio, I mean, how do we look at that? 
Because there is clearly an income impact which is likely to come in FY '21 and also possibly in 
FY '22. Most strategists, economists are actually building in sharp GDP contraction this year. And 
on that low base also no significant acceleration in FY '22. So what will you do in this kind of a 
scenario to sort of pitch for a higher share of wallet from the consumer so that your sales is not as 
badly affected? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. So there are a couple of points to it, Percy. First is, you are absolutely right, the GDP growths 
are down, per capita incomes will go down and the disposable income of the consumer to be spent 
on FMCG wallet will actually reduce. That said, we have got a very good rural franchise, and we 
have got a whole portfolio of low unit price points or accessible price point for rural consumer. 
That is why if you see last year, I think for last two years we have been building our LUP portfolio. 
Earlier, before that we used to have an embargo on how much to produce, but we have actually 
opened floodgates on accessible price points. When I mean accessible price point, Rs. 10, Rs. 5 
price points in all our portfolio. So let's look and dissect our FMCG portfolio. The first in the 
FMCG was Hair Care. In Hair Care we have Rs. 10 hair oil everywhere. In shampoo, we have got 
a Rs. 1 sachet already there in the shampoo category. In Oral Care, we were at Rs. 10 price point, 
both in Babool, Meswak and RTP toothpaste. If we look at the Home Care, Home care also we 
have got PDCB block which are at Rs. 20 price points today. Odonil, aerosols, it's a little expensive, 
but I think we are looking at re-gearing it with the launch of air sanitizer. Skin Care also is pretty 
affordable. Healthcare is expensive, but immunity is what is required today. And I don't think there 
is a need to recalibrate that portfolio to accessible price point, because the equity of Health Care 
for Dabur in rural is very high, and we feel that rural will only surge in the times to come. 
As far as the third pillar of foods is concerned, it's 20% of our business. We have already introduced 
Koolerz as a brand, which is Rs. 10 price point. And as we speak, we have already introduced pet 
bottles at a Rs. 20 price point, we have gone into the drinks market. We have introduced out-of-
home pet bottles also. So there also, we become reasonably affordable. And going forward, instead 
of Rs. 100 for a tetra pack, we are rolling out Rs. 39 price point and a Rs. 65 price point. So I think 
the entire portfolio is extremely affordable and can be bought even if the consumer down trades or 
there is a pressure on the wallet. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right, sir. And last question, if I may. Your thoughts, you did mention that you are looking at costs 
very, very sharply and trying to reduce across the board. But if you could give some more detail, 
some more examples on what you are doing there. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 34 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. So first of all, I think all the cost levers in the company are being looked at with a fine 
toothcomb. So first of all is raw material. If there is a single vendor raw material, we are looking 
at multiple vendor raw material. We are trying to do reverse auctions there to reduce the cost of 
the raw material. If the product is over-engineered, we are saying either we make marketing claims 
and we get the value from the consumer or we rightly engineer the product as far as the raw material 
is concerned, whether they are perfumes, fragrances, etc. So over-engineering is to be avoided. 
Packaging material is being looked at, whether it is the weight of the bottles, uniformity of 
packaging across our portfolio. At the moment we have different bottles and different molds for 
different, so we are looking at uniformity of our portfolio in the packaging material. What material 
are we using, what is the weight of the material, is it multi-color, single color, etc.. Then we are 
looking at the freight cost. Freight cost also if we have a single vendor looking at reverse auctions 
to be done on freight. So multiple things like this, also corporate overheads, also organization 
structure we are looking at, delayering the organization at the moment. With work from home 
there is a stark realization that we can make do with 80% of the manpower that we at the moment 
have. So we will look at the cost from a manpower standpoint. And all other indirect, R&D costs 
are also being looked at, so and so forth. I can go on. Travel and variable costs as well. 
Aditya Soman from Goldman Sachs 
Aditya Soman: 
So firstly, just going back to the first question on the loss in this quarter. So is this largely a function 
of just presales being lost for the summer season or is there anything more? Because like the first 
questioner asked, I mean, the number is absolutely very large, given that you had only eight or 
nine days of lockdown in March. And in April, at least you mentioned that at least for the first two 
weeks, your factories were not functional. And even then the ramp-up was gradual only to 60%-
70%. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So I think essentially the loss is because of the pre-season loading also, there is no other 
reason that we have lost. And also another reason is that while we have cut a lot on advertising, 
whatever we could do, we could not cut on consumer promotions and trade promotions. So if you 
look at the total spends on A&P that we have done, it's around 16% growth. While the business 
has declined by 12.5%, we have done A&P spend of around 15%, 16%. And we could not cut back 
because that was hard wired, and this came as a surprise to us. And also, all the costs below the 
line were also incurred. So that is the reason why there is a sharp fall. And going forward also we 
have time now to recalibrate and to cut costs, etc.. While we are not cutting any salaries anywhere, 
we are not even cutting manpower anywhere, we are completely committed to our own people, so 
we are not retrenching or doing anything. Despite that, we feel that our loss in the current quarter 
will be curtailed to Rs. 60 crores to Rs. 80 crores. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Means loss of profit, we are not in a loss as you know we are having those…. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 34 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes. I understand. My question was actually more on the revenue where you indicated the Rs. 360 
crore revenue loss for eight or nine days in 4Q compared with the Rs. 450 crores loss in 1Q where 
obviously, revenues have been lost over a two month period. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. Like I told you, that government was not very sure what is essential and what is non-
essential. We were approaching the government and lobbying with the District Magistrates in 
different districts, that is why we have been able to get a lot of passes to operate in the marketplace. 
And our guys have been going into the market, getting orders and actually servicing orders. And 
Healthcare has been now classified as a part of essential, which can operate even in red zones, 
green zones or orange zones, even it is the lockdown period. So that realization came to the 
government very late, and that is when we got permissions to operate and that is when we could 
do secondaries. If you see in the month of March, we actually lost secondaries also. So there was 
no secondary, there was no primary, there was no billing, nothing. It's not that we would have 
diluted, we would have reduced our inventories, which were piled up. We could not reduce our 
inventories, and inventories at the stockist level were also piled up. STRs got reduced from the 
chemist outlets and the retailers which were working and functioning. So we, over the period of 
past 1.5 months, have really been working very hard to get the permissions to operate through the 
nodal officers. And therefore, I think the revenue downside in India will not be as much as it was 
there in the quarter four. But that said, our international business, which had a little stagnant sales 
in the last quarter, is actually going through very volatile times. MENA is seeing a lot of headwind. 
Post-Eid we hear that there could be some lockdown. So revenue pressures will come. As we 
speak, in India business, we are chugging at around 80% of the levels of what the regular business 
last year would be. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
April was down, but now we are... 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So we are at the moment around 80%, 90% of the levels of last year. 
Aditya Soman: 
Fair enough. Very clear. And just in terms of what you expect going forward, I mean, are you 
seeing any sort of clear differences in momentum in urban versus rural, at least for your product 
and what you are seeing on the ground? And are there any regional differences? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So obviously, west is impacted the most for us in terms of regional differences. And north is doing 
reasonably well, so is east is doing well except for the cyclone, which has hit in Orissa and West 
Bengal got impacted. But before that we were doing reasonably well. South is actually doing 
exceedingly well for us. West is impacted quite a bit. So that's as far as the regional skew is 
concerned. On urban and rural, as you know, our reliance on rural is high, and we are seeing 
traction coming from our sub-stockist network of around 12,000 sub-stockist that are spread across 
the country. And this is where we are getting a lot of traction. Urban, we feel there will be a 
slowdown. And urban and especially metros and mini metros and 300-odd cities will be impacted 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 34 
more than villages. Rural will surge ahead of urban in my view. As far as syndicated data, today 
also urban is ahead of rural. But in my view, next one quarter, I think rural will be moving ahead, 
especially with migrant population moving back and the government stimulus being announced in 
the rural areas, MSP is going up, absolute MGNREGA outlay going up from 185 to 210, all these 
go in the favor of rural demand and consumption picking up. While it will be more for staples, but 
even for a portfolio like toothpaste, etc., the impact should definitely be there. 
Sajjan Kapoor, an Investor 
Sajjan Kapoor: 
Mohit, question around our Healthcare division. Globally, I see there is an increased thrust on the 
future-ready functional foods for babies, adults, seniors and everyone. And that is a major focus 
area for most of the FMCG food companies. But the problem for a company like Dabur, which is 
globally diversified, could be that the local regulations, the labeling requirements and the claims 
that you could make in a certain jurisdiction, they vary. And that could be a challenging aspect as 
far as the economies of scale is concerned. So that's one part. 
And the second part is, do you work on a certain percentage of research and development? And is 
there a disproportionate allocation of capital towards building a robust pipeline of functional foods 
for the likely growth that can unfold in the coming years? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. So I think, Sajjan, you are rightly saying, functional food is seeing a spurt. Dabur, as such 
does not have a portfolio of baby-targeted functional foods. We have functional foods, and 
Chyawanprash is definitely a part of that functional food and a health supplement, what we call it. 
But we don't have a huge portfolio around it, especially in the babies. As far as regulation is 
concerned, I think Indian regulation is very favorable to entry of functional foods because of 
Ministry of AYUSH being there. So we can classify as ayurvedic medicine, and we can actually 
launch functional foods here. But that said, company has not got a portfolio for functional foods. 
And we have a lot to do even in terms of preventive health care that we have not ventured into it. 
As far as our investment into R&D is concerned, we have got 100 scientists in R&D who are 
B.A.M.S., who are doctors qualified in Ayurveda. So we have got a huge team which services us 
in marketing. And the total amount of investment in FMCG is not very large, because we guys 
don't do too much of research, we do more development. And we don't invent molecules, unlike a 
pharma, etc., and we don't patent that. So it's more text formulations that we have to develop, and 
we have to roll out. So therefore, there is no need of very high outlays for the R&D expenditure. 
That said, we should be doing around 0.5%of our turnover should be deployed in R&D annually. 
Sajjan Kapoor: 
Sure. And what in terms of the local regulation, because an Indian regulator may approve 
something, but U.K. may not and similarly for other jurisdictions where you operate. So there is a 
lot of business coming from Turkey, Egypt and Africa, etc. So how do you normally mitigate that 
sort of challenge? Or is it that you are just focusing on the functional foods for just the India 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 34 
business? Because I see a lot of your products. So I am from U.K., I see a lot of food related, even 
Chyawanprash is here in the U.K. and it's kind of widely available. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, we don't make any claims when we sell to U.K. U.K., there is the regulation of MCA that we 
have to go through when we have to export in U.K. as a functional food or a medicine. So we 
export it as a health supplement. So when you export it as a health supplement, you are not allowed 
to make any claims on the products and big claims like medicines do. In which case, you have to 
go through MCA. MCA requires clinical data which we don't have the wherewithal to do it. So 
that is why you see majority of our portfolio and the majority revenue of our portfolio coming in 
international business on Personal Care and not so much Healthcare. Because even if we introduce 
Healthcare, we are able to export it, but we export it like a health supplement. We cannot say that 
Chyawanprash will improve your immunity, we can't get into the detailing of claims in overseas 
markets, the way we are able to make it in India. 
Sajjan Kapoor: 
Understood. And second question I have is on the return on capital employed and ROE. So over a 
decade ago, I think we were cruising at a pretty healthy rate of around about 50% on the ROCE. I 
appreciate in the recent years, we have had some major capital investments, both brownfield and 
greenfield, the new factory being built in Assam and elsewhere as well. And as a result, our ROCE 
has been gradually declining from round of 50% to high 20s now. And again, this year could be a 
blip because of COVID, so I am going to discount that. But what is the likely trajectory? And is 
there any internal target that you have on the ROC going forward? And let's take a three to five 
year view here. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. I would let Lalit to take this question. 
Lalit Malik: 
Sure. I think when we look at our ROCE, it has a lot to do with regard to the capital expenditure. 
And when we look at the categories, our food category requires a heavy capital investment as 
against the other non-food category of it. So therefore, there is a difference between two categories. 
Having said that, we also have Rs. 3,800 crores of cash available, so that also has an impact of 
diluting the ROCE. So if you exclude that, then obviously our return on capital employed is much 
higher than what you see in the balance sheet. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
It is higher than 45% in that case. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. And progressively, it's actually gone up. It's not got diluted. So because of the cash going up, 
you see this figure actually coming down. 
Sajjan Kapoor: 
And do you have any sort of capital allocation plans for that cash? Because that has got a bearing 
on return ratio. So what is the plan to sort of judiciously deploy that cash and to make even better 
returns going forward? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 34 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, we have kept this cash in the war-chest for a lot of acquisitions. But unfortunately, the 
valuations have been very high. But hopefully, COVID will bring a silver lining, and we have 
valuations becoming muted. And therefore, we will be able to deploy this cash better if we get 
some good targets on the table. 
Sajjan Kapoor: 
Yes. No, I appreciate that. Yes. And wish you all the best. Hopefully, we will find some target 
acquisition in this post-COVID era. And I will now fall back in the queue. Thank you. 
Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes. Two or three questions. Hope all are safe at Dabur. One is the Rs. 1 billion treasury hit we 
have taken, is all provisioning been done or there is more to come in FY '21? 
Lalit Malik: 
So as far as the provision is concerned, that is on account of investments in DHFL and Reliance 
Home Finance, which we have taken full Rs. 100 crores investment as a provision for the last year. 
So therefore, there is no further provision required as of now. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And Mohit, if you could give us some sense, because we have been reading about retailers 
facing liquidity issues and distributors wanting to sell on cash. Have we observed that trend, 
specifically in rural markets mid kind of Tier-2, Tier-3 cities, any sense on distribution and 
normalcy coming there? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So at least we have not come across center where distributors are selling on cash, at least I have 
not come to know. But in the COVID situation, I think we have to regear and retool ourselves, and 
the distribution strategy also requires a complete revamp as we speak. What we guys did in GTM 
and I think when the time gets up, you kind of invent new ways of doing things. What we have 
done is we have created a retailer app and the distributors have actually given a retailer app to a 
lot of retailers and the retailers are now ordering on the app. And so they are giving the orders 
because there is no way salesmen, salesmen wasn't available for a salesman to go and book the 
orders. So we had a retailer app created, they downloaded the app, and the orders were coming on 
either on app or on WhatsApp and we have been servicing. And we have connected around 40,000 
retailers on this app and that has facilitated order taking. 
Now delivery is something that, again, we have tied up with partners, and we are ensuring delivery. 
And we are also doing a direct-to-consumer by partnering with Swiggy and Dunzo, and I talked 
about 'Immunity at Doorstep.' And even Dabur website is now geared to become e-commerce sort 
of a site wherein we are inviting people and giving free samples. It is not with the commercial 
intent that we have launched this, it is to gather the first party hit of the consumer. But we guys are 
completely committed to our whole earlier GTM strategy, which is going directly to the retail, and 
that is why we had said that now we will go up from 1.2 million outlets to 1.5 million outlets in 
two to three years of time. We are committed to increasing our rural reach, which is going up to 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 34 
60,000 villages. We already reached 52,700-odd villages, and we had a target of 55,000. We could 
not do 55,000, but we will next year, again, look at 60,000 villages, and that's doing well. Then we 
are partnering with alternative channels. I think that's assuming importance. Especially after the 
COVID scenario, that has assumed more importance. Hitherto, we were very reluctant to supply 
to alternative channels like Udaan and Jumbo Tail, etc. But now the new scenario, these were the 
guys who actually took the stock from the distributor and actually went to the retailer when the 
regular distributor was not able to ply vehicles, they were the ones who could supply us manpower. 
So therefore, we are partnering, good that we are partnering with them, and we could hedge our 
risk along with them. 
Then e-commerce assumes a huge importance. E-commerce contribution was 1.3%, now it's 
around 3.1%. We are launching OFOs. Now to me, modern trade will assume importance. And 
open format outlets over a period of time will also assume big importance because they are the 
ones who re-geared themselves to deliver to the consumer in his society at the door step. A lot of 
them have done it. So therefore, we are going forward launching a complete visibility program of 
key outlets, which we will actually be delivering. And also we are committed to be increasing our 
chemist outlet reach. Total number of chemist outlets is around 5 lakh outlets in the country, and 
we are only going to around 42.4 lakhs. But we want to go up to around 60% of those levels. So 
that strategy we have to make, and we will reach up to that. So that is our GTM in nutshell, what 
we are proposing to do. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sir, I think that chemist channel will become increasingly relevant in the NPD, which you 
mentioned of the Health Care portfolio because that would contribute to a large percentage, I would 
guess. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Absolutely. And in Dabur we have two divisions, one is the Ayurvedic division, and one is the 
Consumer Care division. And both our chemist outlet overlap with each other. So we are trying to 
cross-pollinate products between two divisions also to ensure synergies and to ensure that the 
classical portfolio also goes to the regular chemist who is not ayurvedic. But now with this tailwind 
of Ayurveda, they are more wanting to stop ayurvedic products because the demand from the 
consumer is surging. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, GST would be I think around 12% for most of our portfolio. Any talks or any 
possibility, given that post-COVID era some of our products are not necessarily discretionary or 
luxury in that sense and are more on the health platform, any possibility of reduction or talk to the 
government, will that be a big reason? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We are trying to do a lot of lobbying with the government, because the classical portfolio attracts 
a 5% GST as compared to our OTC and other portfolios, the ayurvedic attracts around 12%. We 
are trying to see if that entire ayurvedic portfolio can be under 5%. We have made several 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 34 
representations to CII to see that if we can get that in the 5% band. Because in allopathic, if you 
see everything is in all the medicines, whether they are generic or they are branded or their ethical, 
non-ethical, they fall under the same band. But in Ayurveda, there are different slabs, which are 
operating at the moment. So we have taken it up with the government. And let's see. Well, I think 
it's an industry-wide phenomenon. So that we have to take into the government. 
Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Two broad questions. If I refer the GTM strategy what you have 
mentioned, I think the sense what we are getting is that this is going to be much more bigger 
complexity. Because if I understand, if the chemist outlet and the general trade, which comes as 
essential, these are open, but there are a large set of outlets which are not open. And this lockdown 
will open, again, it will get closed. So is there any different way of delivery to the mass segment 
which will emerge? Or is there any pre-thoughts how the distribution will emerge in next one year? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
You see I think, one very big game changer, as we speak, is Reliance Jio coming up. I think 
Reliance was test piloting their thing in Bombay, in the Maharashtra. But as we speak, there are 
reports I think around two days back that they have extended the test pilot to around 200 or 300 
cities in India. So that, I think, will be a game changer. Dabur is already partnering with them to 
see that how we can reach them directly. They would be, again, this is an attempt to reach directly 
to the retail through Reliance and not through the intermediaries. That's one. And Swiggy and 
Zomato is another pilot that those companies have done. So we have latched on to their menus. 
And in their menus, along with the food, there are Dabur products also listed. So consumer can go 
on the website, can order them and they take their delivery from the distributor and deliver it to 
the last mile. That is also direct-to-consumer. The third attempt is through our website is what we 
are trying to do with direct-to-consumer, which I just explained. And e-commerce, of course, our 
e-commerce business is growing by 100% plus. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My second and last question is on the category what you have mentioned. Consumer Care 
division has declined 17%, and Foods has declined 21%. Foods, I can understand there are 
challenges with the competition and other things. But when you mentioned that 300-odd cities, 
which has essentially shown the decline, do you think all these 300 is still under COVID impact? 
Or in Q1 of FY '20 when there is a partial lockdown which has lifted? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So lockdown has actually lifted partially and selectively. It has lifted. And that's why we lost 
around Rs. 360 crores in the last quarter. And now we are saying that we will be around Rs. 400 
crores to Rs. 450-odd crores. But it's lifted, and we are in a better position to supply and service 
now. I hope I answered your question. If there is something else in your question, which I didn't 
understand. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 34 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No. What I was saying that the 300 cities, which you mentioned is under lockdown. So what I 
wanted to understand, is this largely impact on your Q1 sales? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, I didn't say 300 cities were in the lockdown. I talked about Reliance Jio extending their test 
pilot from Maharashtra to around 300-odd cities now. JioMart, that's what I mentioned. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Because last quarter, if you recollect, I was saying that, at least in urban centers the wholesale 
impact, which has been partially covered by the cash-and-carry, and I understand through our 
interaction with the cash-and-carry guys, they have done really better. But there is such cash and 
carries doesn't exist in rural, say, less than 1 lakh population. So the issue is that how fast you will 
recover in rural going back to your distribution system? That was the question. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, we guys are not dependent on wholesale at all as far as the rural is concerned. While wholesale 
is more in urban areas which are actually feeder towns to rural. But Dabur has got a network of 
more than 12,000 sub-stockist and we supply to sub-stockist and sub-stockist is the one who's 
connected to around four to five villages in turn, and he supplies. So we have a direct reach. And 
it's not going through wholesale that it's going to impact our business if there is a lockdown and a 
wholesaler is in a red zone, and he shuts down and we are not able to supply. No, we bypass the 
wholesaler and we go through a sub-stockist network. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. Just last quick on the revenue loss what we have, is this majorly done in the urban centers 
and it's a presales or primary sales? Because there is no demand due to secondary also or maybe 
could be higher inventory at the trade level. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. As I told you, there is a complete supply chain shutdown, and this loss is happening because 
of supply chain. So there was a primary loss which we could not bill, and the revenue loss that you 
are seeing is on account of primary billing which could not happen to the trade, which is the 
stockist. And the trade inventories remained the way they were because there was no liquidation 
of the trade inventory because the stockiest could not do the secondary sales to the retailer as well. 
So there was a complete standstill for around 15, 20 days. 
Rahul Maheshwari from Ambit Management 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
I hope all are well at your end. So two questions, sir. First, in such stress time, as you earlier 
highlighted that the company would be focusing on eight power brands, where a majority of 
investments should be done, and then you would be scaling your brand. After such COVID stress, 
do you think any change in your strategy towards your deployment of capital allocation or any 
other segment of which was left alone, but now you find that going forward it can be a big area, 
and the maximum capital allocation can take place in that? And third, generally whenever the good 
times are there, and we forget into a volume mix and price growth. So at such stress times, can you 
give some color, not perfectly on numerical terms, but how much is due to down-trading, supply 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 34 
disruption mix and slowdown of the economy, which we started witnessing in January month? 
These two are the basic questions. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So regarding the first question on power brands. So as far as the power brands strategy is 
concerned, I think we will stay the course on the power brand strategy. I don't think we will be 
deviating from the power brand strategy. I think that's working very well, and that's helping us 
consolidate our investments between limited eight power brands. Now these power brands 
transcend across a lot of categories for us, and they can be extended to a number of categories 
because they have a core, and if the core can be extended beyond the core category where it's 
present in, we extend it. Now that said, if there is a category that we see has got an opportunity to 
your second question, we will be launching a new brand under the umbrella brand of Dabur, 
because Dabur brings a lot of trust and confidence to the consumer. Like we have seen, hygiene 
products, whether it's a personal hygiene or home hygiene, has gained a lot of salience and traction, 
and there is a lot of demand, and it is a requirement of the day. Because of that, we have introduced 
a brand called Dabur Sanitize, the name itself says sanitize. We have introduced sanitizers under 
that brand, and they are doing reasonably well. Under the same brand, we will be introducing air 
sanitizers, we will be introducing disinfectants, all-purpose cleaners. So this category has assumed 
importance, and that is what we will be wanting to get into. And there is a Veggie Wash also which 
is all being planned under this category. Why this is another brand which has come in, because we 
don't think our brand called Odonil or Odomos or Odopic in Home Care could carry this portfolio. 
That's why creation of a new brand beyond a power brand to capitalize on this opportunity. 
On the down-trading piece, there is economic downturn and there will be down-trading which will 
be happening, and that will be more in urban also and in rural also. Rural contributes roughly 
around 45% of our business and urban also. I can't give you exact number as to how much will be 
the LUP as a percentage contribution. But generally it will be in the range of around 15% to 18% 
will be our LUP percentage to business, which will be impacted by the down-trading. Now if you 
look at urban areas, we see a lot of traction of bulk packs also and large packs, because while 
consumers are stocking up, they are doing pantry stocking up is happening as we speak in urban 
areas. We are looking at for institutions bulk pack and also for GT large packs, which will gain 
salience also in the new times. The consumer behavior is changing, and we have to be very agile 
and adaptive to the changing behavior of the consumer. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
Sir, just to ask, in next the three to five years, if you take a longer horizon, what kind of innovation 
pipeline do you carry? But in terms of numerical, can you give guidance that as compared to the 
previous years, what kind of run rate that would be taking place? Because it's extremely good to 
hear the kind of launches which have taken place in the current quarter. So any long-term basis 
guidelines on the innovations and launches, sir? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 34 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, innovation is going to be our cornerstone of strategy. We can't thrive without innovation. And 
we had not stepped up on the pedal on innovation because we were a little risk-averse. So now we 
become fearlessly risk taking. I think it's completely bipolar from what we used to be earlier. That 
said, in terms of numbers, we were around 1.2% to 1.5% NPD to overall turnover ratio till last 
year, that has inched up to 3.1% is the ratio. And going forward, it will only increase from here. 
So we feel 3% or 4% of our turnover should come from innovations, if not more. We are not 
putting pressure on how much of turnover we will get from innovation, but we should be seen as 
a company, which is innovating. And as well as pipeline is concerned, we have got a very robust 
pipeline because we have got this Ayurvedic business with us, which feeds into the OTC and 
FMHG Healthcare business. And that is the entire funnel or the sort of treasury for our NPDs for 
Healthcare is concerned. And I told you, we have got 100 scientists who are working with us across 
Personal Care, Healthcare and Foods. We have got a very robust pipeline for Foods and also for 
HPC space, and Healthcare, of course. 
Rahul Maheshwari: 
Thank you, sir. After a long time, Dabur's commentary changing from risk averse to risk taking in 
terms of innovation is a good point, sir. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Thank you very much. 
Devansh Jain from Devansh Traders and Securities 
Devansh Jain: 
I just wanted to check with you, somewhere in the call you mentioned that your Foods segment 
has witnessed a flattish kind of growth trajectory for the year, even if you were to see a YTD 
Feb kind of a sales number. So why do you think we were not able to grow significantly in this 
year is one question. And also, since you have launched quite a number of juice variants this 
year, my only submission to this is, shouldn't the current efforts of the company be on 
strengthening the core rather than widening the overall portfolio when the response may not be 
representative of the normal consumer demand because of the unprecedented crisis that we are 
in today? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. Okay, Devansh. So first of all, I think why Foods is not taking off. I think this is a category 
issue of Foods. As you know, we operate in the category called J&N. It's called Juices and 
Nectars. And Juices and Nectars that the category is going down by around 7.6% is the decline 
that we see in the category. We guys are market leaders. As we speak, we gained 150 basis points 
market share when it comes to quarterly numbers. On MAT basis, we are around 327 bps market 
share is what we have gained in Real. So that's a good sign. So we are gaining strength in the 
market. B Natural and Tropicana and other players are losing out, and we are the ones who are 
gaining. We are consolidating our share to your point. Category not doing well because of the 
expensive category. The Juices are sold at Rs. 100 for a liter as compared to on other hand, we 
operate this J&N category is 1,600 crores. If you compare it with the drinks category, which is 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 34 
around 7,500 crore, and 7,500 crore, we didn't have any representation because we didn't want 
to earlier, and that's more salient with the mango drinks. From Rs. 100 price point and Rs. 20 
price point, which is 200 ml, we moved to a Rs. 10 price point with Real Koolerz, and we started 
operating in the 7,500 crore category of drinks. And drink category is growing. So that's one 
action that we guys took on entering into drinks category. On back of that initiative, the first 3 
quarters, we saw we declining lesser than the category decline of around 7%. Coming quarter 4 
in the month of January and February, our business went up by 10%, and there was a surge in 
our brand on back of the Koolerz that we launched that has made inroads into rural etc. and that's 
why we saw a growth of 10%. Coming March, when we had to do the loading of this, COVID 
came our way. So therefore, we could not do much with that. 
As far as the second question that you told me consolidation and why doing so much of 
innovation in Juices. Juice is a category; consumer wants variety and variation. The new flavors 
for taste have to be continuously introduced. It's a weed and feed strategy. You keep weeding 
out variants that are nonperforming and you keep introducing variants which are performing. 
Well, this is the nature of the beast of this category. People want flavor. We, for the first time, 
have introduced sugarcane juice in a tetra pack. Sugarcane is only available in a season. It's not 
available all season.  We have done R&D work where sugarcane is stable now. Now you can go 
and have a sugarcane juice. We introduced health juices there. So it is to make the category top 
of mind, and this category sales usually through modern trade. And in modern trade, what you 
see is what you believe as the moment of truth between the customers and the product. If you 
see a new variant, then you pick it up, and if some other competitors have the new variant, then 
you pick up that because you want a variety, the taste and impulse purchase in a discretionary 
category. And because of discretionary, we saw a downturn as far as Juices is concerned. 
The third initiative that we are launching to stem the decline or to stem the stagnation of Juices 
and to move it into the recovery path is we are launching a pet bottle now. Pet bottle will spur 
our out-of-home consumption. So earlier, it used to be only available in 200 ml small tetra pack, 
which is like a kids pack, and adults would be reluctant to carry it. But with the pet packaging, 
I think it will only facilitate out-of-home consumption for us. 
Devansh Jain: 
And just one more question, if you could allow me. So are you seeing any sort of a revival in the 
April and May month now that we have kind of relaxed our lockdown etc., and the demand is 
kind of, are you seeing any green shoots as far as your numbers are concerned as far as April 
and May there? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. I said, not in the month of April but May definitely. We are operating at around 80%-90% 
of the levels of last year in the month of May. And there's a huge recovery, not marginal, but a 
huge recovery as of now. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 34 
Balasubramanian from Sabees 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, the question is that how is your metro performance compared to last quarter? Because I 
understand Mumbai, Delhi are affected. How has the performance affected? And how are we 
able to perform better? How are we able to perform during the current quarter? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So metro performance is subdued. So I think it is smaller cities and rural areas where we are able 
to do good business. Metro, we are struggling still. And we get passes to operate also for a 
limited period. Then again, there is a lockdown. We will go for renewal of work passes also. So 
metro is a challenge, and the competitive density is also very high in metros. But for us, rural 
areas and semi-urban and small towns and cities are doing better than the metros. 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes, I agree. One supplementary question is that since you mentioned that you started doing a 
good performance in May, have you been able to catch up in metros or still the metro sales are 
still lagging behind? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. There is an improvement in metro also. We are able to operate. We are able to solicit orders. 
We are able to service also in the metro. We have been classified under the essential category 
now. And we are able to do business. So that answer of around 70%, 80% levels of business, 
that applies to metro also. But relatively, our rural and semi-urban is doing better. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay. So last supplementary question is, see, I believe this Q1 cannot be a great quarter. But 
Q2, do you think that things will improve and you will be able to get back to normalcy? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
I don't know, Bala. I think the situation is very volatile at the moment. It is anybody's guess, and 
I can't hazard a guess. Had COVID cases been going down drastically and sharply, I could have 
commented with conviction. But as of now, as the cases are rising, nobody knows. While we 
know that lockdown 4 may not be extended. But with the opening of the economy, I don't know 
what implication it will have to the disease spread. And if it becomes a contagion and it becomes 
amok, then again, there could be a lockdown. In which case, the business would be under curve 
once again. So I can't say with conviction about the situation. The estimation of 450 crores on 
revenue, we've given as of now, as we see the situation in real time. We can't predict what's 
going to happen because situation is too much in flux. 
Anubhav Sahu from MC Research 
Anubhav Sahu: 
So basically my concern is with respect to the labor migration, which is moving from urban to 
rural centers. And this obviously has an impact on the remittance economy, and the kind of 
remittance they have been sending from urban to rural centers, and that was, of course, one of 
the driver for rural consumption. And since that there is a break in that kind of a cash flow in 
time to come. And obviously, this will have an impact on the consumption for Tier-3 cities and 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 34 
villages. So my question was that those strategies for the urban center will get more preference 
than the rural in time to come? I mean, how do you read the situation in that way? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. Okay. I think it's a good question. Thanks for jogging my mind. Now my view personally 
is that because of around more than 4 crore migrant labor has actually moved back to the villages. 
That's the statistic says. And 4 crores is a very big number. And if the population increases, 
obviously, the demand surge happens, irrespective. And the government has also announced a 
lot of stimulus packages in MGNREGA. There is a 40,000 crore additional outlay, which 
promises them employment. And this doesn't have a gauge to it. So as and when people keep 
enrolling, the MGNREGA outlay will keep increasing and absolute wage level has also gone up 
by 10 percentage point, as you are aware, but this is more sustenance sort of employment that 
they have. This can't match up with the remittance economy. So with the number of people going 
up in rural, my view is demand surge will happen definitely in rural. And definitely, that will 
have some sort of a consumer change, and they are more evolved, so they will buy products. 
They will indulge. They will not buy a tooth powder. They will definitely buy a toothpaste. And 
if they buy a toothpaste, they will buy a Rs. 10 toothpaste. They will not buy a soap for their 
hair. They will definitely buy a shampoo. If they buy a shampoo, they'll be buying a more 
affordable shampoo, which is of Rs. 1 shampoo. So I don't think that urban as a market would 
be hit more by job losses, it will be hit by salary cuts. It will be hit by population shrinkage. It 
will be hit by social distancing norms being put in place. Every retail outlet or mall allows the 
entry of one person at one point in time. So urban will have more problems. In rural, social 
distancing exists in any case. And to me, the epidemic will not be as big in rural as much as in 
urban, despite now migrants taking back this disease into rural. So I don't know how it will pan 
out to be. It's actually a thesis. And you have a thesis, and I have a thesis. I don't know what's 
true. As far as Dabur is concerned, we are a rural skewed company, and we find stimulus from 
the government getting into rural. Ayurveda as alternative system of medicine is very strong in 
the rural. So we feel very positive about it that Ayurveda is gaining salience in urban also now 
and in rural also now. I think we are okay. But if you ask me, am I retooling my strategy to move 
from rural to urban? Answer is no. In any case, I was going urban with some brands and I'm in 
rural. If a brand is there, I'm trying to connect to the millennial. That was the strategy earlier. 
That is my strategy now also. I want to modernize, contemporize, appeal to the millennials as 
far as my larger packs are concerned. But the accessible low unit price points are geared towards 
the rural. That will go on as it is to ride on the rural infrastructure that we put in place. So the 
Real brand is going to appeal both to urban also and to rural also. To rural with a Rs. 10 price 
point, to urban with a pet bottle and a mixed berry juice or with iced tea or whatever that we do. 
I hope I've answered your question. 
Anubhav Sahu: 
Yes, absolutely and thanks for your perspective. And in fact, the way of looking at the shift in 
consumer class, which is more evolved, more exposed to urban and not shifting to rural probably 
will have a different way of looking at the product. So my second question was on the Juices 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 34 
category. Do you see any early sign for the category per se that the current phase is helping some 
kind of revival of the category as such because now there's a higher emphasis on health and 
nutrition and higher demand for packages that's hygienic food items, right? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. If you compare it relatively from the past to now, I think it will be better because 
carbonated soft drinks will become a complete no-no. And people will switch from carbonated 
soft drinks to juices. And juice penetration being at around 4% should definitely go up from 
there. So there's a huge potential and opportunity in juice today. But that said, people will down-
trade also because the income will go down. To my mind, the drinks category and the Rs. 10 
price point, Rs. 20 price point, low price fruit drink category will do well in the country going 
forward and taking business from carbonated. 
Anubhav Sahu: 
And sir, you mentioned about the consolidation as far as your market share in the Juices category 
is concerned. That has been on the upfront. Do you see that this category could be also a case 
wherein you could also look for inorganic opportunity? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We are not looking at any inorganic opportunity in Juices. I think that was your question. So I 
think we have enough potential in Real as umbrella brand and enough opportunity is there. And 
because it's also a little margin dilutive business to our overall portfolio. So one is not looking 
at any. If at all we do inorganic, it will be either in the Health Care space or in the Personal Care 
space for us. So that's there. And consolidation of market share, yes, we are continuously making 
efforts by introducing innovations and variants in Real. And we have already entered the value-
added milk category in Real also. I think that I did not mention in my commentary. We have 
introduced milkshakes under Real brand also. A 200 ml pack size of milkshake is also what we 
have introduced. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Yes, it's just going into the market. That's why we've not yet mentioned it in our presentation. 
Anubhav Sahu: 
I think so you just read my mind. I was going to ask you this personal category only, the milk-
based beverage category. And so I mean, how you're looking at the opportunity in this space? I 
mean would you be attempting a backward integration in this space? Or would you be sourcing 
it and then going for value-add products in...? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. At the moment, we are actually evaluating it. We are outsourcing the product, and we are 
not proposing to get into back-end integration. So as I told you, we are into value-added milk 
based. We will not get into pure milk. It will only be value added. For value added, we'll be 
doing more third party and not back-end integration here. It's too premature for us to get into 
back-end integration at the moment. We are just testing waters with it at the moment. 
Harit Kapoor from Investec 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 24 of 34 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just 2 questions. Firstly, if you could give a better picture of what's happening in the international 
markets right now. You did mention briefly. But across your core markets, especially, we've 
seen what happened in Q4, but Q1 and going forward, how are you seeing those geographies? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So Harit, international business, last year has done very well for us. So overall, we would 
have grown by around 8% points in international business. And our profits of the international 
business doing very well. Across geographies, we performed exceedingly well. In the last quarter 
also, our Egypt business grew by 14%. Turkey was almost 47%. Then U.S. business was at 
around 11% growth. So Sub-Sahara Africa, again, 17% growth for us. Our Middle East and 
North Africa business, which is also very profitable business for us, has seen economic 
headwinds because of the oil prices going down, and a lot of expats moving back from Middle 
East back to India also because a lot of SOPs have been withdrawn with RMs as well, category 
decline has also happened. So there is a pressure. But rest of the places are reasonably all right 
at the moment for international business. And to hedge this problem of Middle East, we'll have 
no other way, but to introduce new categories, get into newer categories and strengthen our 
distribution in Middle East. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. The last question was on the Ayurvedic innovations and the OTC ethical innovations, the 
opportunity that you're seeing right now. Just wanted to pick your brains on the fact that do you 
see this as a kind of sticky opportunity, something that's going to stick by even 6 months to 9 
months down the line when probably things get a little better in terms of a recovery? Do you see 
the consumer kind of staying by these categories, these new products that you're launching or is 
this more of an opportunistic way of thinking about it? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So in my mind, Health Care is generally not opportunistic because generally it sustains over a 
period of time. If you look at Hygiene, that could be opportunistic because sanitizers had come 
in the past also and then they disappeared, if legacy is what we have to see. So that could be a 
little opportunistic. But I think Health Care is generally a behavior that it will engrain. So maybe 
it goes down a little bit, because this is preventive health care, this is not curative health care. 
Had it been curative health care, it would have been good for a time, and then it would have 
gone down. But because it is preventive and is general immunity boosting, so I think this will 
sustain over a period of time. And this comes from the ayurvedic route, so in India definitely it 
sustains, the way Chyawanprash had sustained. As Chyawanprash anything to go by, 
Chyawanprash is also not a very great product to be had due to its taste but people have been 
consuming Chyawanprash over 135 years now and in taste, and it's been growing year-on-year. 
If Chyawanprash is anything to go by, then I think this will be hardwired in the psyche of the 
consumer, and it will be sustainable and enduring. It will not be something which has come in 
and it will vanish. 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 25 of 34 
Ankit Babel from Subhkam Ventures 
Ankit Babel: 
Sir, you did mention that you're expecting a huge surge in the rural market because of the shift 
of the migrant labors to that place. And urban could have some problems because of bad 
sentiment, job losses etc. So do you feel that the surge in rural will compensate equally, any dent 
expected in the urban market for you as a company? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
It's very difficult for me to say, Ankit, whether rural will compensate for the urban or not. But 
just to let you know that urban is also doing reasonably well. When I said urban not doing so 
well, that was basically for the GT urban. But if you look at e-commerce urban, e-commerce 
urban is doing exceedingly well for us. So that business is growing by 100%. And I feel that and 
rural put together should be able to compensate for the urban business. Because urban also has 
a partial wholesale element to it. And that wholesale is a feeder to rural. So the balance part of 
urban, which is a primary consumption of urban into urban, should I think be compensated. But 
it's not that it will going be completely vanished. Yes, there will be a pressure there on 
consumption, but it will return back to normalcy. 
Ankit Babel: 
So sir, would it be fair for us to assume that for the year as a whole, you will at least manage to 
show a flat kind of growth? I mean whatever you had lost in the first quarter, you'll recover it in 
the next 3 quarters, assuming there is no second wave of virus, and the lockdown doesn't get 
extended. That is a basic assumption. In that case, is it fair to assume at least you'll be positive 
territory for the year as a whole? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. I think I would not prophesize into the future. But as of now, it's too early for us to say 
whether we will be able to, we are attempt and we'll target. If the COVID normalizes, we'll target 
a pre-COVID growth rate. That's what we will do. And we were growing at mid- to high single 
digit. That is what we will target post the COVID gets over and we return to normalcy. We have 
not yet made the targets. That's why we postponed our target making to the month of July. 
Hopefully, things will normalize after June end, then we will make the targets. And if things are 
normal and there is no lockdown #5, then we will target mid- to high single-digit growth rate. 
And if that compensates the deficit, then I keep my fingers crossed, we can reach the last year 
levels. But international business is also very volatile at the moment. So there are headwinds 
there. I can't comment with the surety. I think the situation is too volatile for us to give you any 
sort of guidance at the moment. 
Ankit Babel: 
And my last question is, sir, since you mentioned that there could be a possible down-trading in 
lower unit prices, so usually the margins in those categories are less. So for the company as a 
whole in this context, do we assume that there will be pressure on margins or with cost reductions 
and everything you'll able to compensate that and for the company as a whole, you'll maintain 
this 20%-21% kind of EBITDA margin this year? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 26 of 34 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We will target to maintain EBITDA margins, if not increase them because we embarked on 
Samriddhi project. There could be some incremental increase in operating margin, which may 
happen because of Samriddhi, but that will be ploughed back into brand building and supporting 
a lot of new products that we guys have launched. So we would want to maintain our margins, 
at least to the last year levels, go back to the last year pre-COVID levels. That definitely will be 
an attempt and target for us to do. When launching NPDs today, it's also a business continuity 
planning that one has to do. One can't just keep higher gross margins in mind and decide new 
product entries because what we have learned during this COVID period is, the companies which 
were into staples and which were into more essentials are the ones which did well. And the 
companies which were into discretionary like ours have got impacted quite a bit. There will be 
an attempt to hedge that risk that we carry at the moment going forward. We will consciously 
retool our brand and category mix to ensure that if tomorrow a similar situation arises, we don't 
have a downfall the way we saw in these 1.5 months. So we'll retool our category entry strategy 
also. 
V. Rajkumar, an Investor 
V. Rajkumar: 
My question is, see there was a CRISIL report yesterday, which says that India will take another 
3 years to see the pre-pandemic growth rate coming back into the system. So given that I just 
want to know, as a company, how you're looking at, how do you think that you will be able to 
maintain your growth rates? Because if that report for a moment assume that it's correct, so I just 
want to know what is the mix between the GDP vis-à-vis the Dabur's growth rate? Will you be 
able to withstand that kind of a scenario and still maintain a growth momentum? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So at least for the FMCG category, we will not take 3 years to reach the pre-COVID level. 
I think maybe other industries or other sectors may face this issue. But as far as FMCG is 
concerned, there will be a gradual recovery, and we expect a U-shaped recovery happening here. 
It will not be a 3-year sort of a dent on the FMCG growth path. And before COVID also, we 
were seeing a downtrend in the FMCG growth numbers. But in my view, post-COVID, it should 
not take us that long for us to go back. So to support that, one will have to get into newer 
categories, launch newer products, look at different ways of working, do collaboration with 
different partners. And do better distribution, reach out more to rural, launch affordable price 
products and a whole host of things, which will enable that kind of a return to that growth, which 
we are already embarking on. 
V. Rajkumar: 
Okay. So is it then correct to assume that you will see some kind of a contraction this year and 
then, hopefully, for next year onwards, you will be on a growth path? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 27 of 34 
Mohit Malhotra: 
As I told you, we want to cover up that contraction that we would see because of COVID. We'll 
target ourselves post COVID mid- to high single-digit growth rate. That's what we will target 
ourselves. And next year, definitely, we would want to go back to our pre-COVID growth levels. 
V. Rajkumar: 
Okay. Sir, the second question is on the Hair Oil segment. I just want to know what is the 
contribution of Hair Oil compared to the overall sales? And do you see any structurally anything 
changing on the Hair Oil segment because I have been reading some of the other companies 
report and they have been saying that they have been seeing negative volume growth for the last 
2, 3 quarters. So I just want to know what is the Dabur's view on that. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, Hair Oil contribution to our business is around 18%. So that's the contribution to our 
business. We are not over dependent on Hair Oil. If you look at the category of Hair Oils, 
category of Hair Oils is declining at around 3% is the category decline. 3% category decline, we, 
as per syndicated data, are showing a growth of 1.1% whereas our internal numbers are showing 
a growth of around 3.7% to 4%, which is our growth rate in Hair Oil. So we are gaining share 
in Amla, in Brahmi Amla and Sarson Amla and all other brands. In coconut oil, we have lost 
out. But I think next year, our attempt will be to gain share from the market leader even in 
coconut oil. We see a lot of opportunity there. And we are also launching more value-added hair 
oils. So I don't think there's any problem with the category. Category is penetrated at the level 
of 90% in India. I think it will really come back. We see a decline, but declines are cyclical in 
the economy. We will turn the bend after some time, and then we will go back on the growth 
path in Hair Oils as a category also. 
Amit Sinha from Macquarie 
Amit Sinha: 
So the question was on Hair Oil and Oral Care numbers for the domestic sales. The decline 
seems to be a tad higher compared to the other companies and especially the market leaders in 
their respective categories. And given that you are gaining market share, I was just kind of 
curious to understand, is it only the last 10 days phenomenon? If you can help with these two 
categories , and that will be great. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. Amit, we've been gaining market share in Hair Oils. And all subsegments of Hair Oils, 
we've been gaining market share. Perfumed hair oils, Amla, Brahmi, Sarson. Anmol, we've lost, 
I think, a little bit market share. But I think overall, our overall Hair Oils category, we've gained 
60 basis points market share in the quarter. And we get the quarter ending report in the month 
of April for Jan, Feb, March quarter. It's actually come in the month of May for us. So we have 
no reason to believe that we have lost share. While we would have done not as good as other 
companies is because of the shutdown of 10 days that we were locked out, and we were not 
categorized as essential. Maybe our peer companies who have got Hair Oil, but they classify the 
Hair Oils as edible oil, and that was classified as essential, and they could do pantry filling, 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 28 of 34 
which we could not do. So maybe that could be the reason for Hair Oils. That is my guess. I'm 
not too sure about that. But I don't have a reason to believe why... 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
And having said that, I think now things are looking much better than, in fact, some of our Oral 
Care and Hair Care products are doing quite well. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. Post, I think, the lockdown, we would have resumed our market share gains. 
Amit Sinha: 
And in Oral Care because basically, in Oral Care, also, your numbers are significantly lower 
compared to the market leader because that category would be essential, right? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So we've gained, again, 40 basis points market share. If you look at MAT level, if you look 
at monthly level, you look at quarterly level, there is no reason to believe that we have lost share. 
Dabur Red continues to take share from the other categories. And there is a tailwind supporting 
the Ayurvedic and the natural segment. And we happen to be leaders in that segment. And we 
are doing well. While the primary sales numbers that you see may be doing better. But I think 
secondary and treasury for us is okay. And now we are back. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
We've also, in fact, expanding capacities because we can't supply enough of our toothpaste right 
now. 
Amit Sinha: 
Sure. Understood. My second question is on the Foods business. And I think you have 
commented on this business enough. But just one question I had. And clearly, longer term, this 
might gain out of the carbonated drinks category, as you mentioned. But do you think that in the 
near term, there can be some impact because of this category had a part of consumption related 
to out-of-home? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. This has, but we were not significant in out-of-home consumption. We were more 
significant in the in-home consumption with 1 liter tetra pack, which came home. And we had 
200 ml that got impacted, and we can see that impact happening. But I think as and when the 
lockdown opens, that will get covered. So but carbonated, I think again, majority is out-of-home 
consumption. And so is the pet bottle. And the larger pet bottle also available in 1.2 liter is an 
in-home consumption pack. So pet is a more friendly pack. So I don't see that thing because the 
drinks category was growing at around 6%, 7%. So we haven't seen the data yet of the drinks 
category and can't comment with surety, whether that market is going down or it's going up. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. One, when I look at your press release and you have specifically 
commented a couple of lines on the Chyawanprash and the Dabur Honey portfolio and the 
growth there in generally post-COVID even consumers' focus on health care would be higher. 
Is it safe to assume that the Health Care portfolio of ours, which is about 35% of the domestic 
revenue, might actually grow much faster than what it has done in the past, is that derivation 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 29 of 34 
right? And my second question is on the new portfolio side or the NPD side where you have put 
a couple of slides on products Health Care and products in HPC, the HPC portfolio looks more 
like what you call as opportunistic, some of them, but is it possible to understand what kind of 
business is possible there? Or what kind of revenues is possible there? And in health care, where 
the new product launches are there, what can be the revenue size possible in those categories? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. Okay, if you look at the Health Care portfolio and the overall portfolio, you look at the 
full year number, our Health Care business has actually grown at a very robust double-digit in 
YTD February that you see. We grew by around 12-odd percent levels in the complete Health 
Care portfolio. Health supplement actually grew by somewhere around 13%-14%. So definitely, 
long-term, our Health Care will do well and the salience and the percentage of Health Care will 
also go up going forward. And that's what we've seen from last year to this year. In the pie, you 
see, health care is significantly up as compared to the last year buy of Health Care. Health Care 
is also margin accretive to us. And Health Care has also got a huge potential of launching brand 
from an ethical portfolio transitioning on to the OTC side and from OTC side to the FMHG side. 
So that is what we speed forward at the launches, especially in the immunity area. I don't think 
they are more sustainable launches. And in terms of quantification of the numbers that we get 
from NPD, it's very difficult for us to do it right now. We've just introduced them. I don't know 
how much. But as I told you, NPD contribution will be around 3%, 3.5% to 4% of the turnover 
of the company. Whereas HPC portfolio is concerned, we've launched the Hygiene category 
because the Hygiene category has got a lot of traction. And during the shutdowns, we had to sell 
something, which was essential. And sanitizers are something essential. As far as the turnover 
is concerned, we would be in the current quarter doing roughly around 100 crores from sanitizers 
alone under the Dabur Sanitize brand, if I'm not mistaken. We've already, international business 
put together, we should be doing roughly around 100 crores of sanitizers in this quarter itself, 
which is very significant, in my view. Even if it is tactical and it is short term, it's very creditable 
for the Dabur team to have worked hard and churned out sanitizers in factories, which were 
actually shut down and locked down. So we partially produce sanitizers on our own and partially 
we do third-party manufacturing. So I think it has really been a great effort by the team. And 
besides sanitizers, we've also now launched aerosols, hard fabric, disinfectants, bathroom 
cleaners. So some fruit and veggie cleaners. Some will do well, some will not do well. I 
completely agree with you. But we've already now introduced them in e-commerce, and this is 
getting good traction in e-commerce also. So e-commerce definitely has become 3% of our 
business. So this should well in e-commerce, and these are very progressive categories. And I 
think health Hygiene, whether it's Home Hygiene or Personal Care Hygiene is also here to stay 
now because COVID is not going to vanish in 6 months or something. We'll have to learn to live 
with it. And if we live with it, then this will stay with us. 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 30 of 34 
Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just a quick question. We have been seeing CSD business is very volatile. And if you can give 
some color, what has happened in Q4 and Q1 of this year? 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
CSD? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Sorry. Shirish, I didn't get that point? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
CSD, Canteen Stores Department business. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Okay. Canteen business declined in the last quarter. Although it's small, it only contributes 
around 3% of our business. And they are sitting on high inventories. And we have got some 
outstanding also because it's the government organization, we are not quite worried on the 
outstanding. So this should do reasonably well for us. So if you look at the Prime Minister 
advisory talking about a lot of Health Care products to be introduced, so we will be introducing 
a lot of our Health Care products in the CSD canteens also. During March, we had declined 
because of lockdown and supply chain failure.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. So what I was actually asking is that PM focus on Atmanirbhar Bharat, there is a lot of, 
what we say that inclination which people are talking about. And obviously, there is a lot of 
initiation the government has taken in CSD canteen basically buying the domestic product. So 
do you think this 3% is a very significant opportunity from Dabur's perspective, if I understand 
the health care portfolio itself and a domestic Indianized manufacturing? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, there was a circular issued by the government that they will hence forth take only made in 
India and Indian origin products, but they have already withdrawn that circular because of the 
representation where a lot of multinationals were producing in India. And they also consider 
themselves as swadeshi as what Dabur is. But that said, we are swadeshi, and our ethos is 
swadeshi and everything is swadeshi. We are made in swadeshi is a Indian multinational brand 
as such. So that will give us a lot of leg up as compared to our competitors, definitely. There will 
be upside. So as I told you, we are speaking to the Chairman of CSD, and we're looking at a lot 
of higher health care brands being introduced in CSD canteens. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Do you think FY '21 CSD business will double? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
I can't, again, comment with conviction on the numbers, but CSD should do well for us. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just last one question on international business. I think going back to your 3Q and 2Q 
commentary, Namaste was somewhat steady and growing. And in between COVID happen. The 
real problem, which we have seen is your GCC and MENA and especially Middle East. I think 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 31 of 34 
there are issues, which we have been seeing that last 2, 3 quarters. Do you think there is a 
recovery which will happen? I mean barring apart COVID and economic issues, do you think 
FY '22, you will see a steady growth in this market? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Again, at the moment, Shirish, we can't say that recovery is anywhere in sight. Now there is an 
economic downturn headwind, which is facing us in MENA region. And on top of that, there is 
COVID. And I don't think recovery is there in sight at the moment in MENA. I think things 
would become a little worse in the MENA region, which we'll have to compensate from other 
regions as we speak. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Fortunately, some of the other markets like Turkey, Africa and U.S. are doing much better. They 
are growing in good strong double digits. And some of these markets also not that much 
impacted by COVID, like Egypt and African markets are not yet impacted that much. So we will 
try to compensate the loss of revenue from other markets. And of course, in MENA as well, 
there are a lot of new opportunities being explored. They're trying to mitigate the impact as much 
as possible. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Like even sanitizers in MENA would have done around 40 crores of sales in last 2 months. So I 
think we're getting into newer categories. We're getting into body washes. We've shared the 
pictures also of the same. And the entire portfolio of Dermoviva is that Skin Care also we're 
getting in. We are getting into newer categories and see how we can hedge the risk of this 
COVID, which is there. 
Rohit Dokania from IDFC Securities 
Rohit Dokania: 
Just one quick question. Firstly, thanks for the numerical value of impact in Q1 because of 
COVID. I just wanted to understand, does this assume that there will be no lockdown 5, which 
basically means the economy will open on 1st of June? And hence, let's say, there is actually a 
lockdown 5, the impact would be higher? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So whatever number that we have given of around 400 - 450 crores, this assumes that there 
will be no lockdown 5. If there is a lockdown 5, then we will revise the numbers. We'll have to 
recalibrate and re-estimate. This is assuming that there will be no lockdown 5. 
Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities  
Manoj Menon: 
That is fairly high levels of disclosure. I must commend you for that because we've been listening 
to quite a few other conference calls as well. 2 questions Mohit specifically. One, if I may use 
an objective that if I look at your list of new launches in the last month, month and a half, whether 
it's sanitize, whether it's immunity kits others also, it's absolutely ballistic. Just to want to ask 
you, is it something which you dialed up in the last couple of months or something which have 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 32 of 34 
been always in the pipeline? I'll tell you where I'm coming from. So the limited point is that, 
while you gave a number, 3% to 4% of the overall revenue coming from new products. Was 
there something already in the base case or something you just kind of dialed up in the last couple 
of months? And how do I think about these 3, 4 years sort of medium-term and not just the next 
1 year? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So Manoj, all this flows in the pipeline, but we've been able to dial it up in past 2, 3 months 
because the kind of sales pressure that we saw during the lockdown period was humongous. And 
we had to compensate and re-gear our entire way of working. And I think work from home, 
honestly, also helped us to do this. Now we review the business on a day-to-day basis rather than 
reviewing the business on a quarterly basis or a monthly basis. So every day, we have calls and 
we, as a management team, as the Mancom team review all the projects which are happening, 
and we are able to remove all the glitches which are there. And I think, so a couple of them are 
tactical launches, a couple of them are very strategic because of Health Care. And going forward, 
next 2 to 3 years, as I told you, we have to rethink our strategy. Earlier, we said that we will be 
only focusing on existing categories and adjacencies thereof within the guardrails of the power 
brand that we have. Now we are rethinking because during lockdown, only essentials were 
allowed. And Dabur's none of the categories fell under lockdown. That's why you saw this kind 
of a sales crisis. So we will be recalibrating our strategy. And therefore, looking at larger 
categories to get in, albeit at a lower margin, so in lockdown. I don't know if I've been able to 
answer that question.  
Mohit Malhotra: 
Our pace of innovation will be very high, and we have a robust pipeline across the 3 divisions, 
whether it's HPC, Foods, or Health Care or Ethical for that matter. And it is already inched up 
from 1.5 to 3.5 now, and it will only go up from here, in my view. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Yes. And I think we have learned to crash the timeline for our NPDs from 1 year or 1.5 years to 
2 months due to COVID. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Due to COVID and work from home, our timelines are really crashed. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Yes. So that was the achievement. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So that's a silver lining amongst covid, great opportunity. Yes. 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes. Understood. Just 1 quick follow-up on this was, how are you balancing the Dabur branding 
as an ayurvedic positioning versus, let's say, something like a sanitize, as a consumer, when I 
just saw a picture of it, it looks like an allopathic. I'm not sure this ayurvedic anything to do with 
that. So how are we balancing this bit? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 33 of 34 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No. See, it is definitely not ayurvedic. It's a regular sanitizer, Manoj. It doesn't have anything 
ayurvedic to it. And Dabur name straddles over our entire portfolio. So it is a trust for the 
consumer. Had we launched the Sanitize brand without the umbrella brand of Dabur, there was 
no trust associated with this. There's no guarantee of the consumer. So therefore, Dabur has 
given a lot of trust to it. That said, the brand is not giving anything in return to Dabur. It says 
that it is safe to use. So it has to be a bargain. The brand has to give something to the umbrella 
branding and the branding has to give something to the product in it. But I think Dabur Sanitize, 
at least consumer will not hesitate in purchasing a product coming from the Dabur stable. Had 
this been a standalone sanitize brand, which is also a registrable trademark of our, this wouldn't 
have got as much traction that as it has got now. 
I just wanted to clarify, to your point, will it dilute equity of Dabur? I will say it will not dilute 
the equity of Dabur because these are the COVID times and people want something safe in their 
hands, and Dabur gives them that safety. To that extent, it will only improve the credibility and 
the safety credibility of the company going forward. 
Manoj Menon: 
And just one question on the cost reduction measures actually. And maybe linked to the cost 
efficiency measures, which were otherwise dialed up. Again, just it's not to do with COVID, it's 
in general, actually, after you've taken over in the last 12 months or so. It will be helpful if you 
have some medium-term aspirations on the cost reduction aspirations and how do you look at 
that? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So we have estimated, as I told you, that we've taken a consultant who will be partnering with 
us and who is doing the project management of this entire project because we felt that we can't 
do it all by ourselves, and we need somebody to guide us through and somebody who could do 
project management on by which date, what realizations in cost could happen. So therefore, 
we've targeted ourselves to around 80 to 100 crores from this project in the current financial 
year. And the payout of the consultant is also linked to this number. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
We may choose to deploy the savings in Ad pro or other investments, but this is the kind of 
benefit which you're looking at in terms of the whole project, over a period of 1 year. 
Yung Yoe from Tokio Marine 
Yung Yoe: 
I just wanted to ask on the inventory and the channel. How much inventory is actually in the 
channel? And how long do you think that takes to clear? Thank you. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. So Yung, we have roughly around 18 days of inventory in the channel, which is with the 
distributors. And this inventory has come down by around 2 to 3 days. And we will not plan to 
increase this inventory because it's only providing hygiene at the trade level for us. And as far 
as the company level inventory is concerned, we had high inventory of around 4 days of higher 

 
Dabur India Limited 
 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
Page 34 of 34 
inventory, but that also inventories were flushed out, post the lockdown. Now we are in shortage 
of inventory, and we are in the process of not building inventory, we are hand to mouth. So 
whatever we are producing is what we are selling, and we are trying to enhance our capacities 
because we are having severe shortage in the Health Care brands. 
Yung Yeo: 
Got it. And can I just ask, you mentioned in your slides, the revenue impact of 400 - 450 crore 
and the PAT impact of 60 to 80 crores. The base number is, is that first quarter financial year 
2020? Or what is the base in terms of when you say the revenue impact and the PAT impact? 
Lalit Malik: 
So it is not the base, it is the expected growth that we were targeting, which Mohit just talked 
about around mid to high single digits based on the normal scenario versus the COVID impact, 
that's where we said that it's going to be 400 to 450 crores. 
Yung Yeo: 
Okay. That makes sense. And just a follow-up on the past question on cost savings, the 80 to 
100 crores. Where is that coming from? Are there any major items you can highlight? For 
example, some companies are saying they will completely do away with advertising this year, 
cost-cutting on headcount, on wages. Can you give us some outline on where these cost savings 
are coming from? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yung, it's a little premature at the moment for us to give you a color on this. But then it will 
come across value chain. So we are looking at packaging rationalization, raw material. We're 
looking at R&D expenses. We're looking at fixed expenses. We're looking at manpower 
organization, structure rationalization, delayering somewhere, but no job cuts and no 
eliminations is a part of this. And so I think pretty much that. 
Lalit Malik: 
All categories, all line items, we are targeting. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Unproductive spends, which are in the BTL or ATL range of that. 
Lalit Malik: 
We are considering zero based budgeting at process at this point in time. We are questioning 
every line of expenditure, and we are trying to see where synergies can be drawn. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Thank you and thank you for participating in this conference call. A webcast recording of this 
call and transcript will be put up on our website soon. Thank you and have a nice evening ahead. 
Thank you very much. 
 
