 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited Q4 and 
FY20 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KETAN C PATEL – CHAIRMAN & MD 
MR. ABHIJIT KANVINDE – CFO 
MR. VIJAY K ADVANI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
Q4 and FY20 earnings conference call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on the belief, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ketan Patel – Chairman & Managing Director. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Ketan Patel: 
Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited earnings 
conference call for the 4th quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2020. I would like to 
begin by expressing my gratitude to all of you for taking the time to join us. On the call with me 
today is Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde, CFO; Mr. Vijay Advani, Whole-time Director of our company; 
and Bridge IR, our investor relationships team. 
Before we get into the business and financial performance of the last quarter, I would like to 
share a brief insight into our company. We are market entry specialists for experiential brands 
across India, the Middle East, and southeast Asia. Our company specializes in market entry for 
global brands and works closely with its clients to achieve optimal market penetration and 
growth. Our network encompasses all 3 channels – online, retail, and general trade – thereby 
giving us a strong leverage to reach out to a wider market base. Furthermore, our value-added 
business model offers end-to-end solutions from market research and competition analysis to 
formulating and executing region-specific marketing and pre-sale strategies of the brand. 
Currently we have a strong long-term association with over 20 global renowned brands which 
we categorize in 3 broad divisions. IT, imaging, & lifestyle and security products. These wide 
spectrum of products have helped our company achieve economies of scale and become a single 
sourcing point to our customers. One of the key brands is Honeywell, a Fortune 50 company 
with whom we have a deep integration in terms of contract manufacturing and distribution across 
India and abroad. 
We have identified our business in 3 broad categories – IT, imaging & lifestyle, and security. 
Our focus is on offering experiential products and enabling such brands to enter and establish in 
new markets. We continue to aim for higher operational efficiencies and adding higher-margin, 
value-added products to our portfolio. Associations with Honeywell, BaByliss, GoPro, and 
Cooler Master are steps towards this direction. 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
I would now like to take you through some of the key recent developments. As you are all aware, 
in the last few months, we have witnessed an unprecedented and unforeseen adversity in the 
form of COVID-19 virus. The outbreak of this pandemic has brought entire economies to a halt. 
It has impacted every aspect of our life including personal life and industries across the world. 
Like every other business, we are also facing the impact of the lockdown and its effects are likely 
to be seen over the coming months. However, we took this opportunity to refine and redefine 
our internal practices and improve our operational efficiencies and skill sets through various 
online trainings, etc. Moreover, we are currently working on the online B2B digital platform for 
our network of clients, which is expected to be released soon. The new platform will enable all 
our customers to transact, discover, and share products and brands to their buyers in their own 
companies' name. This platform will also assist them to showcase their inventory and trade 
amongst each other facilitating higher volumes and expanding the product portfolio being 
offered through Creative Peripherals. They will also be able to host their white label microsite 
on our platform. We expect this platform to fortify our presence as a one-stop shop for customers 
as well as improve our profitability. One of the key purposes of this platform is to help our 
customers expand their reach and make it easier for them to do business. We continually update 
and expand our brand portfolio to keep it fresh and relevant. 
Before the COVID-19 crisis struck our industry, we had entered into distribution agreements 
with several international brands across subsectors. One of the latest brands we got on board, 
One is Panasonic which is a global market leader in consumer electronics. We are distributing 
their premium range of audio products in India. Other premium and niche brands that we 
partnered with recently include Cooler Master, a niche name in hardware brand; PNY 
Technologies, a US based specialist in high-performance graphic cards and SSDs; and BaByliss, 
a premier personal grooming brand with global presence. As industries reopen and businesses 
regain momentum, we will look forward to continue expanding our business portfolio. These 
associations not only diversify and expand our portfolio but also enhance and testify the 
company's recognition among global brands. As the consumers' sentiments improve, we are 
expecting strong demand for such products in the India market – both online and offline. 
From an overall business perspective, this is all from my side. I will now hand it over to Mr. 
Abhijit Kanvinde – our CFO, who will take you through the financial performance of the 
company in quarter 4 FY20. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
A very good afternoon to you all. I will share the highlights of our consolidated financial 
performance after which we would be glad to respond to your queries. Our financials reported 
are as per Ind-AS guidelines. 
Quarter 4 FY20 financial results: In the quarter ended 31st March 2020, our company achieved 
net turnover of Rs. 128.2 crores with a year-on-year growth of 12.29%. This is mainly driven by 
rise in demand for our new and existing products in imaging, gaming, and IT including GoPro, 
Samsung, Cooler Master, and PNY. EBITDA stood at Rs. 2.85 crores in Q4 FY20 as against Rs. 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
4.08 crores in the previous corresponding period. The impact of high margin brands such as 
Cooler Master and GoPro were offset by higher marketing and sales promotion spends for the 
brand and employee cost we incurred for strengthening our sales and marketing teams. The 
nationwide lockdown also adversely affected our inventory and working capital position. The 
net profit for the quarter is at Rs. 0.65 crores as compared to Rs. 2.1 crores in quarter 4 FY19. 
Our EPS for the quarter was Rs. 0.56. 
Now I will turn to FY20 financial results. In the financial year ended 31st March 2020, our 
company achieved a net revenue of Rs. 459.06 crores with a year-on-year growth of 23.83%. 
This is mainly driven by strong demand for imaging, gaming, and IT products including GoPro, 
Samsung, and Cooler Master supported by addition of new brands in the portfolio such as PNY. 
The EBITDA stood at Rs. 16.82 crores in FY20, an increase of 26.28% year-on-year on account 
of higher contribution from high-margin value-added brands like Cooler Master and GoPro as 
well as addition of new product lines, which offset the rise in advertising and sales promotion 
and employee expenses. The net profit during this year is at Rs. 7.76 crores as compared to Rs. 
5.81 crores in FY19. This represents a growth of 33.49% year-on-year. Our EPS for this year 
was Rs. 6.69. 
This is all from our side. Now we can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. We will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Nayan Gala from Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Nayan Gala: 
A have a couple of questions. First is on the financial side. During this quarter, we had an 
increase in revenues to around 128 crores. Despite that, our profits are lower. What has affected 
that? The second is on the inventory side. The movement of goods and everything has stopped 
because of the COVID situation. How does it impact us going forward? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
I would like to answer your question. The gross margin for this quarter has been in line almost 
but there is an increase in sales promotion and advertising expenses for the quarter. In the last 
second half, we launched brands like GoPro; Hero 8 we launched and there were lot of 
advertising burst we had to do in the second half. So, some of the expenses have come in the 
second quarter. So, the Other Expenses for the quarter have been 9.07 crores as compared to the 
previous quarter 7.39 crores. 
Ketan Patel: 
Further, if you understand, March is our biggest quarter and the industry is poised such as that 
40% of your sale happens in the last 7 to 8 days. When we entered into the lockdown, we had 
started 2 new products. One is Samsung distribution also we started in the last quarter and we 
had taken close to 20 people for that business. And Honeywell Passive also we have started now, 
and for that also, we had taken additional manpower and February-March was our quarter to roll 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
out that product. In both these products, we could not get the sales out. Otherwise, we could 
have got almost 22 crores of extra sales if COVID would not have been there. And March quarter 
would have been better than the…. 
Nayan Gala: 
In the last 7-8 days, we had missed a target of around 150. We had a target of 150 crores in the 
quarter? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Yes. 
Ketan Patel: 
We were planning to touch 500+ crores this quarter. 
Nayan Gala: 
Sir, one more question on the inventory part. How are these things going to impact us and how 
are we well prepared to manage these things? 
Ketan Patel: 
Two things. One, definitely the inventory got adversely affected because the March inventory 
did not move out. You plan your inventories for 2 months. So, the April inventory also came in. 
The May inventory also came in. So, inventory is kind of all-time high. This quarter, mid of 
May, there has been some traction in business and June also looks like there would be good 
business. So, if you consider the A-M-J quarter inventory, it would be higher than normal, but 
if you will consider July-August-September inventory…. 6 months' inventory will become 
proper because post May, all our orders for future material are on hold till the time the situation 
improves. That's the case. So, for the 1st quarter, definitely the inventory will impact but the 
next quarter will smoothen that out. 
Nayan Gala: 
So, right now, we are not sourcing any new products for our distribution channel, right? 
Ketan Patel: 
We are scouting for new products. We are looking at products which are digital, we are looking 
at products which have now become essential. For example, a robotic vacuum cleaner which 
Indian houses did not want to have now become as essential. A good TV, a good wifi, a good 
router, a good fiber internet connection, they all have become kind of essentials, and these 
products definitely will be there. And we are looking at the healthcare products, products which 
allow you to monitor your health at home, that have become very popular and that has now come 
into essential category. Your first aid box at home has completely changed. These are the 
products which we are actively looking at and you will definitely hear some good things about 
them in the next coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Dayal as an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Dayal: 
Sir, my first question is about the digital platform. Can you give a brief about the digital 
platform? How is it impacting on our profit margins? 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Ketan Patel: 
Nitin Bhai, you touched my favorite subject which has been there for now last 2 quarters actually. 
We are a B2B company, right? You get marketing and distribution rights for a brand and then 
you sell it to a distributor and the distributor sells to a sub-distributor and it goes to a retailer. 
We strongly think that everything will become a platform including distribution and so we 
wanted to make a digital platform which will help our customers to transact, to discover new 
products, and to share new products to their buyers in their own company's brand name. That is 
the digital platform we are building and this digital platform has additional features like the 
customer can have his own customized price list at the click of a button, the customer can also 
have his own marketing material created in his own companies' name which can be sent through 
a WhatsApp, he can place an order on the system, he can view a ledger, he can download invoice, 
and nowadays everybody is moving to a space of virtual inventory. 
When I say a virtual inventory is that a customer places an order, but he wants it to be drop 
shipped to his customer directly. So, our digital platform also will help him to do the drop 
shipment and all this I am talking about is without any human intervention. He will be able to 
select where he wants to drop the product. He will be able to upload his invoice, and against his 
invoice, the product will be drop shipped to this customer. 
There are very few players in this B2B digital platform space, that would be one part, and how 
would it impact our balance sheet is that if you understand distribution, distribution business is 
all about cash flow. How efficiently you manage your cash flow. I mean your cash flow gets 
affected by the inventory what you have and the credit what you give. The more you have turns 
of your inventory, the better is this model. 
The digital platform will help us in 2 ways. One is that it will help us that…. we would be able 
to do catalogue sales. By catalogue sales I mean the inventory of our distributor can also be 
uploaded on the platform and our other customers can buy them. So, it will decrease our 
inventory. That's one part. Also, the acquisition cost to get newer customers will go down 
considerably as well. Also, the servicing cost of existing customers will go down extremely as 
well. 
We have currently 5000 customers of ours. Once we launch this digital platform, we think that 
another 7000 to 10,000 customers we will be able to add in a year's time with the same number 
of people what we have in the company. So, these new customers will not be mainly credit 
customers because they will be customers smaller who would prefer to buy in cash. So, it will 
also help us to conserve cash. So, net-net, the digital platform will help our customers to get 
more buyers and service them efficiently, and on our side, it will help us to reduce cost 
practically. That's about the digital platform. 
Nitin Dayal: 
It means it will increase our customer base, right? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes, with no increase in cost. 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Nitin Dayal: 
Sir, my next question is about the Other Income. We can see on a quarter-on-quarter basis, the 
Other Income is actually in Q4 FY19 is 1.79 crores which has reduced to 0.18 crores in current 
quarter. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
You are referring to the consol account? 
Nitin Dayal: 
Yeah, referring to the consol. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Okay. That's right. You want to know the reason? 
Nitin Dayal: 
Yeah. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
We have implemented Ind-AS in this current financial year and we have changed our accounting 
policy for recognizing foreign exchange loss and gain on our COGS. Earlier we used to take it 
to Other Income. Now we are taking it to our COGS as per new Ind-AS guidelines. Therefore, 
my Other Income is lower than the last quarter of FY20 as compared to earlier quarter where we 
were following the other method. That's the reason. 
Nitin Dayal: 
Sir, one more question. Can you give me a segmental breakup? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
We have uploaded the segmental revenues and profitability on our website. The segmental 
revenue for consol are: Imaging, the revenues have been 196.08 crores; in IT, it has been 192.27 
crores; and in other segment, i.e., lifestyle and security, the revenue has been 69.36 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up question from the line of Nayan Gala from Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Nayan Gala: 
Sir, I just wanted to know revenue of products like Cooler Master, BaByliss, PNY as these were 
the latest to be added in our portfolio. If you can just guide us. 
Ketan Patel: 
Cooler Master we started in the month of September. So, we had 6 months of sales for Cooler 
Master and the revenue stood at 23.6 crores for Cooler Master in the 6 months' period what we 
did. BaByliss is a personal grooming brand from Paris and the products are manufactured in 
Italy. We got actually 2-1/2 months of sales in BaByliss and the sales were 1 crore+ for that. 
PNY also the same story. It came to us in the month of September only and the sales stood at 
11.2 crores. 
Nayan Gala: 
Sir, these were the targets which we had set? We exceeded the targets, or we are low on the 
targets for these particular products? 
Vijay Advani: 
On the Cooler Master, we are very much on the targets, probably (+5%). BaByliss, no, we have 
not been able to achieve the targets because frankly speaking we missed the Diwali. So, we were 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
not able to achieve the targets that we wanted to. But PNY, yes, we almost achieved 150% of 
the targets what we had planned for. 
Nayan Gala: 
That's a very good sign. Sir, just wanted to understand the recent thing which is happening in 
Ladakh. People are saying to boycott Chinese products. Does that impact us as well? What are 
your insights on this? 
Ketan Patel: 
Two things. First, the anti-Chinese sentiments are really there and a lot of people in India now 
don't want to buy Chinese products. But the expectation of the customer is that the Indian 
products should be equivalent to Chinese products and if not cheaper, at least at the same price, 
which at the period of now seems difficult for a while. We have been speaking to a lot of brands. 
For example, GoPro. GoPro is a brand from US. Cooler Master again is a brand from US. For 
US, they get their products manufactured in Mexico after the US embargo on Chinese products 
but for Asia, the product used to come from China. Most of the companies are looking at 
changing their pathways and these companies are quite capable to get their factories shifted to a 
different location and get started in 3 to 4 months' time. So, I think Taiwan could be a bigger 
gainer in terms of that and the products – for example Cooler Master and ViewSonic. ViewSonic 
is also a company incorporated in US but headquartered in Taiwan. So, that could happen. One 
of our key brands is Samsung. Samsung's all products are either made in Korea or made in India. 
So, that will not get affected. But yes, if this anti-Chinese sentiment keeps on growing, that 
would be the case. We have identified a couple of factories in India. We have started discussions 
with them in getting some products assembled in India. 
Nayan Gala: 
That was my next question. You have been in talks with all global brands. Do these brands plan 
to manufacture in India as well? And as Creative, do we see as we are manufacturing for 
Honeywell, do we see any plans in that way? 
Ketan Patel: 
We will have to see 2 things. The sentiments which are there should not be only on paper. In 
spirit also, the sentiment of getting global companies to India for manufacturing products should 
be there and a lot of states are actually doing that. For Honeywell, we got 3 factories identified 
for our passive products and we started contract manufacturing passive products through these 
factories and then the same means we are going to do this. So, the long-term plan for BaByliss 
was also similar that BaByliss and then when the scale increases, you start getting it 
manufactured in India and then from India you look at SARC and the Middle East and the 
African markets from here. Once we reach some economies of scale, definitely we should go. 
As a company, we don't plan up to set up any manufacturing. It will always be a contract 
manufacturing thing because manufacturing skill sets we still don't have. 
Nayan Gala: 
You were talking about medical products as well. What kind of products are we targeting? Do 
we have some players in there with whom we are talking to? 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Ketan Patel: 
Today if you understand post COVID, everybody understands N95 mask, everybody 
understands oximeter, everybody understands a thermometer, everybody understands attendance 
system which can do thermal imaging, and personal hygiene products, personal sterilization 
products, and a lot of emphasis is there on hygiene. So, we have looked at a lot of products in 
this field. We have looked at a lot of companies which are there. The distribution segment is 
separate because these are all pharma distributors, these are all medical stores, and of course 
online Amazon, Flipkart, and power retail like Reliance and Croma with whom we have existing 
relationship is there, that's the products which will slowly start building up and then as that 
becomes a norm, then air purifiers and air quality monitoring and robotic vacuum cleaners, 
dishwashers, all that will be coming. 
For example, there is a unique product. A lot of people who want to write on paper and how do 
you…. You are having a virtual meeting and you still want to write on the paper and the other 
person wants to see, there are a lot of document cameras which come which you hang it on the 
top and what you write on the paper, the other person can see that. There are a lot of innovative 
products. The team is really working on it. As of now, we think that we should have some good 
success with those products. 
Nayan Gala: 
Sir, one last question on the financial side. What will be your target for the cash flow? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
I will tell you about conservation of cash flow measures which we have taken in this quarter. 
Firstly, we are operating cash flow positive. You would have seen our cash flows. However, 
what we have done is, we have firstly given importance to conservation of cash after the COVID 
situation. Secondly, we have focused on our debtors collection. What thirdly we have done is a 
lot of cost reduction exercises. There have been instances where we have negotiated and 
renegotiated our rentals and fixed cost. Somewhere we have requested our creditors and vendors 
for the delay in payment. And we have completely monitored the cash flow on a practically daily 
basis with some fixed amount as conservation of cash so that we are not out of cash for the next 
couple of months. These are the exercises we have done for cash flow management. 
Moderator: 
There is a followup question from the line of Nitin Dayal as an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Dayal: 
Sir, my question is related to the balance sheet side. As we can see, the long-term borrowing and 
the short-term borrowing which have reduced, but despite the interest expense has been 
increased. What are the reasons for this and what are the sources of the loan repayment? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
I will answer the second question first. The source of loan repayment has always been our 
internal accrual. We normally don't borrow more to repay. The second thing is interest or the 
financial cost has got 2-3 components. One major component is always interest but the second 
component is bank processing fees and the third component is LC charges and BG charges. 
There are some charges for non-fund based funding also. So, your total finance cost consists of 

 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 26, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
fund-based interest and other financial charges. Normally, though you see the fund-based 
borrowing being decreased, there are always non-fund based charges and the processing charges 
which increase your financial cost. This is the reason. This time it is increased because of 
processing fees and non-fund based charges. 
Nitin Dayal: 
Sir, my second question is on the advances from the customer which have been increased. Has 
there any policy for taking such advances been changed? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
There is no policy for taking advances but advances from customers have been increased due to 
a couple of customers have paid us for some invoicing in advance. There is no policy but it varies 
from year to year. 
Ketan Patel: 
For example, when a product like GoPro – GoPro's Hero 8 got launched. So, the customer would 
like to pay advance and when the inventory is in short supply they want to book their orders. 
That's the case a lot of time when the customers paid the advance. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ketan Patel for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ketan Patel: 
I thank the entire team of Creative for their untiring efforts, hard work, sincerity, and dedication. 
Also, I appreciate all of you for participating in our conference call. Please do get in touch with 
our investor relations team for any other further questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited, that 
concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
