 
 
 
 
Ref 
: CIL/STEX 30/Q4FY20                                                                                                                               
Date 
: July 01, 2020 
To  
 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Dept, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
Scrip Code /Scrip Id: 540710/CAPACITE 
 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
Scrip  Symbol: CAPACITE 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on June 19, 2020 
 
We refer to our letter dated June 17, 2020 regarding the Intimation for Earnings Conference Call with 
Analysts/Investors to discuss the Operational and Financial performance of the Company during Q4 
and FY20 which was scheduled on Friday, June 19, 2020 at 12:30 p.m. (IST). 
 
In this regard, we are attaching herewith the transcript of the conference call as required under 
Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Capacit'e InfraProjects Limited 4QFY2020  
Post Results Conference Call” 
 
June 19, 2020 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. VARUN GINODIA - AMBIT CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ROHIT KATYAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CFO - 
CAPACIT'E INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
 
MR. ALOK MEHROTRA - PRESIDENT (CORPORATE 
FINANCE) - CAPACIT'E INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
 
MR. NISHITH PUJARY - HEAD OF ACCOUNTS - 
CAPACIT'E INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Capacit'e InfraProjects Limited 
4QFY2020 Post Results Conference Call, hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal for an operator by pressing "*" then "0' on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over Mr. Varun Ginodia from Ambit Capital. Thank you and over to you! 
Varun Ginodia: 
Thank you so much Jeff and good afternoon everyone. I hope everyone is keeping 
themselves safe during these unprecedented times. We are pleased to have with us today 
management from Capacite. We have from the management Mr. Rohit Katyal – Executive 
Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Alok Mehrotra - President (Corporate Finance) 
and Mr. Nishith Pujary - Head of Accounts. In terms of the format of the call, Mr. Rohit 
will take us through the presentation and then we will open the floor for questions and 
answers. Sir, over to you! 
Rohit Katyal: 
Thank you and good afternoon everyone. A very warm welcome to our 4QFY2020 earnings 
conference call. I have along with me Mr. Alok Mehrotra - President (Corporate Finance) 
and Mr. Nishith Pujary - Head of Accounts and our investor relations team. I hope everyone 
had an opportunity to look at our results, the presentation and press release that have been 
uploaded on the stock exchanges and our company’s website. 
 
Before I take you all through operational and financial performance, I would like to 
highlight a few points. The spread of Covid-19 pandemic poses a huge threat to lives, 
livelihood and economies across the globe. In India, the government imposed the nation-
wide lockdown to prevent the spread of this pandemic. Adhering to the government 
directives, we suspended operations across site and implemented work from home policy 
for our senior staffs. Safety and well being of our work men, our employee has been a top 
priority. We ensured heightened safety protocol at all our projects site and made available 
essential services, medical facilities to the workman. Like every other business, our 
operations were also impacted due to lockdown. The company lost more than 10 crucial 
days of operations in March 2020, when a major chunk of our revenue booking and cash 
collections happen. 
 
Further, due to extension of lockdown in April and May, partial relaxation in June, and 
labour migration issues faced by the industry, execution has resumed, but not in a very 
meaningful way. To overcome with Covid impact, we have revised the business revival 
plan aiming to accelerate our execution phase in the forthcoming months and have 
increased efforts to ensure collections to enable us meet our commitments in a timely 
manner and have sufficient liquidity in place to resume execution. Currently, we have 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
received approvals to resume work at all project sites, but like the entire industry Capacite 
also faces labor shortage thereby limiting our execution capability. 
 
Now allow me to give you an overview of our operational performance during the financial 
year 2020. The total order book on standalone basis including private and public sector as 
on March 31, 2020 stood at Rs.10,484 Crores. Residential segment constitutes 27% of the 
order book, commercial and institutional segment 20% and mixed used segment constitutes 
53%. Order book from public sector as of end of the year stood at Rs.5,713 Crores 
constituting 54% of the total order book. 
 
Now coming to our standalone financial performance for 4Q and FY2020. Total income for 
FY2020 stood at Rs.1,554.1 Crores as compared to Rs.1,823.5 Crores in FY2019 
witnessing a decline of 14.8%. As informed earlier, the company lost 10 crucial days during 
March 2020. EBITDA for FY2020 was down 1.1% to Rs.282.1 Crores vis-a-vis Rs.285.4 
Crores in FY2019. EBITDA margin for FY2020 was 18.2% vis-a-vis 15.6% in FY2019 
thus expanding by 260 basis point due to operational efficiencies. PAT for FY2020 stood at 
Rs.90.9 Crores vis-a-vis Rs.95.6 Crores in FY2019 down by 4.9%. PAT margin for FY2020 
stands at 5.8% versus 5.2% in FY2020 expanding by 60 basis points. Diluted EPF for 
FY2020 stands at Rs.13.39 per equity share. Cash PAT for FY2020 was Rs.189 Crores 
compared to Rs.198.4 Crores during FY2019 down by 4.8%. Cash PAT margins for 
FY2020 stands at 12.2% versus 10.9% in FY2019 expanding by 130 basis point. Total 
collections during FY2020 stood at Rs.1,698 Crores. The net working capital days during 
FY2020 stood at 81 days vis-a-vis 70 days in FY2019 a mere increase of 11 days despite 
challenging environments. With this, I now leave the floor open for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Mohit from IDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit: 
Good afternoon Sir. I am trying to find out in this situation we do understand the Q1 and Q2 
will be very adversely impacted, but when do you see revenue becoming normal ? Do you 
think Q3 from September things will become normal if the COVID situation is controlled 
and are the labours coming back now, is reverse migration happening? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So number one, your first question’s answer lies in your question number two. So all the 
project sites are fully mobilized to start operations and the migrations which happens 
generally every year, migration happens on two or three occasions, but it is not in the 
manner what you have seen at this time. So the migration which happened before the 
festival of Holi, those people have started returning, you will see momentum picking up 
starting next week and if there are no further surprises from COVID perspective, we believe 
that stability will return starting next week in a phase wise manner over the next 45 to 50 
days, so which means that Q2 will be a quarter where you will try to stabilize your 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
operations once the labor returns in a phase wise manner and you will see meaningful 
uptick in Q3 and total stability in Q4, let me add disclaimer, this is subject to no further 
surprises on the virus front because let us face the fact that the last one and a half months 
has been lost due to more of fear factor than anything else. 
Mohit: 
Sir did you had any conversation from the government / counterparty or the private 
developers, for cost escalation or something to compensate delay in the execution, are they 
going to compensate you in some extent? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The pandemic has been declared as a force majeure by the disaster management and they 
have order from the home ministry, so therefore if we are invoking force majeure so have 
the clients and so have the supply chain. So the point is that there will be no direct laws as 
far as any claims or counter claims are concerned, but it is too early in the day to say that 
whether any client will give you a cost compensation or reimbursement of cost that we have 
incurred during this lockdown period, number one. Number two, our conservation with all 
clients on regular basis and they are as eager as we are to start their projects because the 
quality of clients we hold, if their projects have stopped even they are losing substantial 
money. Government any which ways the MCGM has already started in full swing and since 
CIDCO has opened up for business, they have given and handed over all the project sites, 
so we do believe that is the matter of return of labour or workman at the site and we will 
start. As far as cost compensation it would be premature on my part to make any comment 
on that at this moment in time. 
Mohit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Sodha from Crescita Investments 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Sodha: 
Hi Sir. My first question is how much labor do we currently have and how many sites are 
currently operational and at what efficiency level? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So the total workmen which we have prior to lockdown was close to 10,000, which has 
come down to 1,000 about 20 to 25 days back, we are at the moment with close to 2,000. 
You need to understand that when we talk about labor, we have to see the number of trades, 
what you mean by trade, it is carpenter, foreman, fitter, you cannot work only with 
carpenter, and you cannot work only with fitter. That mismatch we believe in a phase wise 
manner as explained will get sorted out starting next week over the next 45 days. So the 
problem is someone may have 2,000, someone may have 3,000, someone may have 20,000 
but the trade mismatch is the biggest concern at the moment in time and as I told you it 
should get eased out. Your second question was regarding… 
Hardik Sodha: 
How many sites are currently operational? 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Rohit Katyal: 
Okay. So we have about five sites currently operational, of which two have picked up 
complete momentum and as I told all the sites are manned with all resources, manpower 
and we believe like we have added about 200 workman in this particular week, from next 
week another two projects will go operational from execution perspective. As we speak, we 
have about 15 projects which will constitute for nearly 85% of the top line for the next two 
years and therefore we are extremely hopeful that over the next 45 days, we will be able to 
man these projects and come to some sort of stability from Q3 and to complete operational 
stability from Q4. 
Hardik Sodha: 
Okay Sir. Sir are we seeing any sort of pressure from client side whether on receivable side 
or on deferment of any of the projects? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So at the moment, no client has given any indication of deferment because the lockdown 
continues and the point is obviously some clients may rethink of the configuration of the 
apartments which they would be like to build, but at the moment we have no indication 
from any clients that they would like to defer the project on the contrary they are supporting 
mobilizing the labour, which is amazing. 
Hardik Sodha: 
Okay. Last one on the CIDCO, have we started the work on the CIDCO site? 
Rohit Katyal: 
As I told you, all locations have been handed over, all approvals of all seven locations are in 
place, four sites were handed over before lockdown which have been totally mobilized and 
we expect to start that work over the next seven to eight days’ time, once the labor is at site. 
Hardik Sodha: 
Okay Sir. Thank you. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Alok Deora from Yes 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Alok Deora: 
Good afternoon Sir. Just a couple of questions from my side. So one is that we are facing 
issues on the labor part, so labor is not available, so we do the work slow, have you faced 
any issues from the client side where because of issues at their end they have asked us to go 
slow on certain projects or they are facing any funding constrain and they may ask us to go 
slow, have you faced any issues in any of our projects? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Alok, as of now, as I just answered the earlier question, we only have interactions and the 
keenness from the clients to start the project as soon as possible and our client on the top 
five Godrej, Obeori, Brookfield, we have Canadian Pension Fund and all of these people 
are very keen to start. If we not had the labour migration issue, we would have started by 
12th of May or thereabout, so at the moment answering the question, we have no indication 
from the client, however some of clients may request redesigning which I cannot be sure of, 
I mean COVID is an unprecedented situation and like we, you and everyone have lived in 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
the times of uncertainty so our clients living in times of uncertainty but given the quality of 
these clients I don’t foresee any thing major which will impact our internal guidance for top 
line once normalcy returns. 
Alok Deora: 
Okay. And the redesigning you are talking about the projects in pipeline or it could be for 
the existing projects as well? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The projects in pipeline redesigning question does not arise. I answered the question of 
yours whether the clients may defer a project, I said none of the clients have indicated but 
may be a particular client where we have no indication as of now, would like to reconfigure 
the apartments size from three bed room to two bed room as per his or her wish whether 
what would be the demand like once the COVID pandemic is behind us. So, we do not have 
any indication but that could be a possibility however the same way that I have told you 
such one-off incidents does not make any impact on our revenue ramp up. 
Alok Deora: 
Okay. Just one last question from my side, so as you mentioned previously to one of the 
question that the execution would ramp up gradually in the third quarter and then fourth 
quarter will see the normalcy return, so in that scenario what kind of growth or rather the 
revenues could be impacted significantly in FY2021, is that understanding correct? 
Rohit Katyal: 
I think that remains same for everyone, we will see how much we can catch up depending 
on the pandemic opening up, we have to remember that our company’s major projects come 
in Mumbai, Pune in the mature geography and the metros and the metros unfortunately 
though from economics perspective, very good prior to the COVID and in COVID have 
been impacted the most and therefore we would like to be conservative while giving the 
ramp up status. As far as the revenue is concerned, we do not give any guidance but yes, we 
have already said that there will be a material impact on the full year guidance which people 
were expecting for FY2020-2021. 
Alok Deora: 
Okay. That is all from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi Rohit Sir. My question pertains to the fixed cost per month we shall be incurring now, so 
what steps that you have taken to basically optimize these cost and what levels of liquidity 
we have to survive these first six months? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So from the first six months, nearly three months are over, so obviously like an FMCG 
company, we were forced to engage with our stock and see what reductions we can take, it 
will be on two fronts, one will be a lockdown period and subsequently will be the ramp 
period. So that is one aspect. Secondly, we have suspended all rentals of equipments as far 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
as possible across the country with effect from 1st of April and that basically would not 
come as a fixed cost. Apart from that, our all offices and labour camps and those certain 
government guidelines over there which has been reversed by the courts, I do expect that 
the fixed cost would remain at approximately Rs.13.5 to 14 Crores(excluding depreciation) 
, I do not have the exact figure in front of me per month or during the lockdown period. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, this will continue even for next three months as well? 
Rohit Katyal: 
No. The cost for the next three months will be lower because projects have been completed 
all right. So there will be a reduction in fixed cost over the next three months at the same 
time, you will see revenue building up, so the point is that some of fixed cost will get 
distributed over the operations or the revenue which we built up. The first three months 
have been a total expenditure side only. Okay, so as I told you revenue, if you look at the 
rental cost of the company, we were close to Rs.4.5 Crores per month for pre-COVID 
period and obviously that would not accrue. So these are substantial cost savings and which 
will continue over the next two quarters also and therefore whether it is  fixed cost 
pertaining to salary bills, temp staffing,  rentals, you may see substantial reduction while on 
the other hand you will see a ramp up in revenue and therefore I told you that we will be 
better placed to come to the pre-COVID positions on reduced cost and better projects in the 
very near future. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. My next question is you said that you have resumed work on the five sites out of the 
15 sites which contributes about 80% of a total order book, five sites you have resumed the 
work. So, value wise, how much these five sites will contribute to the overall order book, 
just to get a sense on why execution is going on and what kind of order book execution is 
going on? 
Rohit Katyal: 
More than the order book, we believe that the sites once they are fully ramped up, they 
contribute Rs.75 Crores in revenue approximately. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Rs.75 Crores per month or per quarter? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Per month. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay Rs.75 Crores per month, the five sites…. 
Rohit Katyal: 
For example once we start with Raymond next week that will add another Rs.4 Crores 
revenue, the week thereafter Phoenix will be totally ramped up that would provide Rs.8 to 9 
Crores per month revenue and hereon whenever I say revenue we will talk about per month. 
So, we are only focusing on those sites, which can add meaningful revenue and thereby 
observe our fixed cost and therefore reducing their impact on the bottom line or the cash 
profit. Okay, so that is the focus and therefore the ramp of labour also will be on these 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
projects like Oberoi Sky City Mall, MCGM, CIDCO and apart from this Phoenix, Raheja 
and Brookfield Delhi so these are the projects, about 10 projects which basically you also 
know will contribute not 80%, maybe 85% to 90% of revenue over the next two years for 
the company. So, the focus is on that. So at the moment with the five projects will take us to 
Rs.75 Crores at the peak and the remainder may take us by another Rs.100 to 125 Crores so 
that is the focus that by December or earlier we should be in a position to have Rs.200 
Crores plus monthly revenue to look ahead by ramping up the labour resources at the 
project sites. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay with big jump of Rs.100 to 125 Crores which you said will come from the CIDCO 
projects? 
Rohit Katyal: 
It will come from CIDCO project, BSNL, MCGM. As MCGM asking rate will go Rs.16 
Crores. BSNL will go Rs.15 Crores and CIDCO obviously, apart from this we have asking 
rates for Pheonix, we have asking rates for Siemens, we have asking rates for Oberoi apart 
from the other clients we are working for. But as I told you these seven, eight projects are 
the main stay and that is where the focus is because obviously you will appreciate that the 
management bandwidth is stretched on eight projects to 10 projects will be much lesser than 
what we were stretching earlier and visibility will also be very very clear. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And this Rs.75 Crores does not include CIDCO right, so CIDCO will be addition? 
Rohit Katyal: 
I just told you CIDCO and the other projects which are under the ramp up, slowly and 
gradually we will reach to a revenue or run rate of Rs.200 Crores plus per month so that we 
can start achieving that from January 2021 onwards. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Sure Sir. Just on the liquidity side, if you can highlight, this tough period of like three 
to four months start of the new financial year, that kind of cash position we have, banking 
lines we have? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Okay as you are aware our CIDCO lines are already tied up and we have cash of close 
Rs.200 Crores plus apart from fixed deposits towards margin available to ramp up. One 
needs to appreciate even during this pandemic, we ensured that we get the cash flow 
requirements of our main projects whether CIDCO, MCGM safe, secure in fixed deposits, 
so that the projects can be ramped up immediately. Apart from that CIDCO, we have to still 
receive Rs.225 Crores of interest free mobilization advance and as soon as we start the work 
at the project site level, we will be eligible for our first billing of designing charges. So 
CIDCO which will be a major chunk of the revenue is totally secured from short term, 
midterm and long term funding perspective. Number two is MCGM, liquidity position 
remains healthy, and the client has been paying and is very keen on ramping up the project 
because it is a hospital infrastructure project. Number three is Department of 
Telecommunications for which we are executing the data centers is also requesting now to 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
pre-pone on the execution period, because nearly four months have been lost and out of 13 
locations, 12 locations already started and our billing have also started. I think we will be 
able to peak by August to nearly Rs.15 to 17 Crores in that project also. So, from liquidity 
perspective, we have not raised any overall exposure, banks have been supportive especially 
the nationalized banks and they have helped us by doing interchangeability of limits from 
LC to CC. So that has taken care which means that the payment which will now come from 
clients will be used to ramp up the projects and not repayment of any liability of the past. 
So this is a very big positive that we have maintained our overall exposure and while 
maintaining the overall exposure, we ensured that the future payments from the clients 
forthcoming will be uses for project specific basis to ramp up the respective projects of 
those particular clients. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay Sir. Last question on the labour side, so as of now you said we were pre-COVID at 
10,000 odd levels of labors, so now at the peak when we reach December, and especially in 
CIDCO, so total labor in CIDCO and total overall labor requirement will be how much by 
end of December 2020? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Please try to understand that nearly 200 to 300 labor belong to sites which are virtually 
completed. So if you reduce that and you know very well that our Chennai project is on the 
verge of completion, so even if now at the moment, current requirement is 500 but to 
mitigate down the line that requirement will not be there. So it will be a guess so you please 
do not hold me on to it however, I do believe the CIDCO four to five locations you should 
be close to 13,000 to 14,000. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
For the company level? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Company level excluding technicians. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Sure Sir. If there are more questions, I will join the queue. Thank you and all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Samir Rachh from Nippon 
India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Samir Rachh: 
Good afternoon Sir. I had just two questions. One is of our current order book of Rs.10,484 
Crores, what is the execution timeline we have and secondly while one can understand since 
you have very strong clients, the current projects may not be affected by do you see their 
ability or willingness to like put new projects will get hampered looking at the overall 
impact of COVID, so your thoughts on that? 
Rohit Katyal: 
See first of all, Yes this situation will further lead to consolidation in the private sector and 
the list of the cliental which you see on our list will be beneficiaries. Having said that our 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
focus at the moment and for the remainder of the year, will be to take certain institutional 
projects which are currently under bidding, so bidding activity has resumed and our focus 
will be on certain institutional projects. That does not mean that we are going away from 
private sector anywhere but we would like to observe over the next two to three quarters, 
what their internal plans are, we do not know at the moment, we knew about their plans for 
new projects or new launches before the lockdown, but after the lockdown it is as big as a 
guess for me and for you. So at the moment, we cannot discuss that. So from that 
perspective, I do believe that the next two quarters on the private sector side, will be muted 
but the government bidding activity will see serious push and that if you discuss with any 
EPC contractor in the building segment will tell you and since now we qualified for most 
bigger project, we see a decent opportunity in that. Given the current situation, I believe it is 
a better idea to work for reputed government sector clients so that we have more visibility 
on our progress and revenue ramp up over the next two to two and a half years. 
Samir Rachh: 
Okay and Sir this current order book, what is the timeline execution? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So, the timeline excluding COVID remains the same, we believe that it spreads over three 
years to four years and that remains unchanged excluding the COVID period of six months, 
where the government has approved extension. 
Samir Rachh: 
Right and just one clarification, since you already have pretty strong order book and last full 
financial year, your book order was Rs.6000 Crores. So, you are not under any pressure to 
add new orders in the current year? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Not at all. As I told you that we will look at the private sector client wise and we will only 
bid for certain institutional means hospitals, some convention centers, some integrate 
terminals coming out by NHAI, which is a new sector which is opened for us. So, these will 
be the projects where the focus would be over the next three quarters that is what I am 
trying to say. 
Samir Rachh: 
Yes Sir. Thanks and wish you very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Avinash C from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Avinash C: 
Sir my first question is on the CIDCO projects, out of the four sites that were already 
handed over, what is the total value from CIDCO? 
Rohit Katyal: 
All the projects have received approval except the Vashi bus terminal, because of COVID, 
they could not hand over, and others have been handed over. So, if you exclude Rs.800 
Crores of Vashi, Rs.3,700 has been handed over, however pre-COVID, the handover was of 
four locations which approximately turns out to Rs.1,600 Crores. So as the labour returns 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
over the next two weeks, we will be starting work on this Rs.800 Crores project sites and 
over the next 60 days on the balance two locations. 
Avinash C: 
Understood. Sir next one is on the order intake, Sir what is the status of this Central Vista 
project, are we tracking that opportunity yet Sir, any progress on that? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Which project? 
Avinash C: 
Central vista project that was announced? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Central vista project, at the moment we are not focused, our order books are full, the time is 
now to look at projects in our domain expertise, so we are looking at certain institutional 
and the integrate terminal buildings which are coming out for clients like NHAI, but beyond 
that at the moment, we are not looking because the focus will be on ramp up, cost reduction 
and more importantly the cash flows because please try to understand we do not have any 
legal means one year everything is shut for everyone. 
Avinash C: 
Sir on the working capital days, can you give us the number include retention, unbilled 
revenue and working progress in financial assets? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Please come again. 
Avinash C: 
Sir working capital, retention money and unbilled revenue breakup? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So, the retention money is close to Rs. Rs.160 Crores and as of now other figures are not 
handy so will get back to you on this. 
Avinash C: 
Sure Sir. Definitely. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Will do that. 
Avinash C: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Jiten Doshi from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Sir I just wanted to know on the Kalpataru project, so what is status of the Kalpataru project 
and any outstanding remaining on that project particularly? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The whole industry has been lockdown for the last 90 days literally and therefore it has 
been very difficult to get to the clients and therefore I would like to excuse myself from 
commenting on any one specific client at the moment in time. At this moment when the 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
industry has been closed, commenting on any one client outstanding would not be 
appropriate. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Appreciate it Sir, can you give the breakup on the bank limits, fund limits and non-fund 
limits and utilization level please? 
Rohit Katyal: 
So our total standalone excluding CIDCO is Rs.1,150 Crores all right and unutilized portion 
in bank guarantee limits, stand at approximately Rs.100 Crores plus, which gives us 
visibility to bid for future projects on standalone basis. 
Jiten Rushi: 
So basically Rs.1,150 Crores excluding CIDCO, CIDCO would be Rs.600 Crores? 
Rohit Katyal: 
CIDCO would be Rs.600 Crores, excluding CIDCO limits are Rs.1,150, which includes the 
bank guarantee limit, LC limit of approximately Rs.190 Crores includes the CC of 
approximately Rs.190 Crores and the remainder is bank guarantee with interchangeability 
between LC and CC. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Okay Sir. 
Rohit Katyal: 
The interchangeability has been sanctioned in this quarter to take care of the situation 
arriving out of COVID for the current financial year only. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Any additional working capital loan we have taken? 
Rohit Katyal: 
We have not taken any additional working capital loan except the interchangeability which I 
just mentioned. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Okay LC which changed into fund limit something of that, I understand correctly, right? 
Rohit Katyal: 
When you issue LC those creditors remain under the creditors and more specifically in 
technical terms known as creditors under LC. So the creditor level will fall over the current 
and the next quarter, and there will be a temporary increase in the fund based limit, and this 
reduction will happen over the next three quarters that is Q3, Q4 and Q1 of next financial 
year, and ratings taking into account, this interchangeability have been reaffirmed. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Sir you had discussed in the opening remarks that you suspended some rental space, am I 
correct Sir… 
Rohit Katyal: 
No. When I said rental space, I said obviously when everyone invoke force majeure clauses, 
the rental equipment we have already returned for suspension of those rentals, all right 
because rental becomes fixed cost, whether you work or you do not work you have to pay in 
normal course of business. So, if your revenue is 100, it is a particular percentage of rental 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
to your top line, it is a revenue pay obviously a percentage it will double up, that is what the 
fixed cost like a salary. So that is what I was trying to refer to. 
Jiten Rushi: 
You do not have to pay any penalty if you have returned this equipment before the timeline 
of this? 
Rohit Katyal: 
If it is a force majeure clause how can penalty be there, no penalty is applicable under the 
force majeure and no penalty is applicable under the contract which we have entered into. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Thank you Sir and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing remarks. Over to you! 
Rohit Katyal: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. We hope we have been able to answer your 
queries. For any further information, we request you to get in touch with SGA our Investor 
Relations Advisor. Thank you. Be safe and let gets the economy on track. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much members of management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ambit 
Capital that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
