Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Globus Spirits Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 18, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHEKHAR SWARUP - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
  
MR. VIJAY REKHI – CHAIRMAN – UNIBEV 
 
DR. BHASKAR ROY - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
 
MR. AJAY GOYAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Globus Spirits Limited Q4 
FY2020 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shekhar Swarup - Joint Managing 
Director, Globus Spirits Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us on this call to discuss the performance 
of the quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2020. Along with me, we have on the 
call, Mr. Vijay Rekhi, Chairman, Unibev; Dr. Bhaskar Roy, Chief Operating Officer, 
Globus Spirits; Mr. Ajay Goyal, Chief Financial Officer, Globus Spirits and our Investor 
Relations’ team. Firstly, we hope that everyone on the call and their families are safe. Also, 
on behalf of the entire team of Globus Spirits, we would like to take this opportunity to 
thank all those people who are fighting the Coronavirus at the forefront. This virus has 
affected so many lives in India and overseas and we hope things will come back to normal 
soon. 
 
Let me start by sharing some of the key business and financial highlights of the year gone 
by, coupled with a brief outline of the steps taken by the company to ensure continuity of 
our operations during this challenging period.  
 
We are experiencing a new growth phase for Globus Spirits and in the segments the 
company operates, it is emerging as a very strong player. We like to call it perhaps Globus 
Spirits 2.0. There were several headwinds in this arduous journey, but the hard work and 
determination of the entire team at Globus Spirits has made it possible for us to get up till 
here. 
 
Some of the key focus areas for the company, during the past fiscal year, were debt 
reduction, capacity enhancement, foray into a new country liquor segment in Rajasthan, 
which we will talk about in some time, capex and some more capex to improve efficiencies 
at our plants and make a little more ROI at each factory. We are happy to report that these 
efforts have borne fruit and the Board of Directors of the company has recommended a 
dividend of 10% on the face value of every share and we shall endeavor to repeat this going 
forward. In order to create greater synergies between the businesses of Globus Spirits and 
Unibev and to enable Unibev to get better access to financial resources and better 
managerial bandwidth, the company has approved a merger between Globus Spirits and 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Unibev subject to applicable approvals. Post this merger, Globus Spirits will operate in all 
segments of alcohol beverages like IMIL and IMFL, within one entity. To strengthen our 
balance sheet, during this fiscal, we have focused towards systematic debt reduction. 
Consequently, the debt equity ratio of the company has improved from 0.73 times in 2017 
to 0.38 times in FY2020 and debt to EBITDA has improved from 4.48 times in FY2017 to 
just 1.26 times in FY2020. Further on the back of efficient working capital management, 
the current ratio has improved to 0.89 in FY2020 against 0.53 in FY2019. All these 
measures coupled with an improvement in profitability had led to significant improvement 
in the company’s various profitability or return ratios. For example, the return on equity 
increased to almost 12% in FY2020 which was around 2% in FY2017 and the return on 
capital employed has almost doubled to 22% in the last year from 11% in FY2017. We 
hope to be able to continue these trends and show better returns in the future. 
 
To capitalize on the changing market dynamics in terms of increasing demand, the company 
has enhanced its capacity in Rajasthan which we were able to do at a very limited capex and 
debottlenecking to get some more capacity from the existing facility and thereby to get 
more alcohol from the existing facility. To further strengthen our position and market share 
in Rajasthan, we launched a few new brands within our country liquor segment and forayed 
into new segment of liquor called Rajasthan Medium Liquor, which essentially sits between 
IMIL and IMFL in the state of Rajasthan. This was a new launch last year and based on 
certain changes in pricing and policy in the current financial year, that is FY2021, the 
company is seeing significant volumes coming from this segment. Further in the wake of 
ongoing global pandemic, manufacturing of sanitizers is a new business opportunity that the 
company is capitalizing on at 100% capacity utilization. The sanitizer industry is expected 
to have a requirement to 8 to 10 million liters per month. ENA is a raw material to 
manufacture sanitizers and Globus Spirits being one of the largest grain-based distillers in 
India, is benefiting from this opportunity. We have initiated manufacturing of sanitizers 
under our own brand as well as undertaking contract bottling for major FMCG and OTC 
brands in some of our facilities. We see this to be an important business going forward to 
add to our overall profit pie. 
 
Coming to our financial performance, we continue to deliver a good performance during the 
past financial year. The structural changes in the industry provided a thrust to our bulk 
alcohol segments by the way of more off-take of alcohol for ethanol and for beverages and 
as a result, increased prices for the entire alcohol basket. Enhanced operational efficiencies 
and favorable input costs have also enriched the operational profitability during the year. 
The company delivered a healthy operating margin of 14% during the quarter. A 
noteworthy improvement in finance cost have also accelerated bottom line during the year. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Short note on how the pandemic has affected our business: Our revenue in the last 10 days 
of the previous financial was impacted by the lockdown. In fact, we started seeing 
disturbances as early as around March 15, 2020, but dramatic impact was seen in the last 10 
days. As you are aware liquor stores across the country were closed and this led to 
absolutely zero sales of liquor for all companies which included IMIL and IMFL. This also 
resulted in sale of ENA to beverage companies come to a standstill. We were however able 
to execute some of our pending orders for ethanol and of course like I mentioned earlier, the 
team did exceedingly well in capitalizing on a new business opportunity, which is sanitizer. 
 
Outlook from here: While there is uncertainty on the economic recovery for the country, 
there is also uncertainty whether there will be continued containment areas or lockdowns of 
different nature in parts of the country. We expect that the bounce back in alcohol demand 
to happen very quickly as we have already seen in the current quarter. This will be true for 
ethanol as with cars starting to move, petrol starts getting consumed, ethanol off-take has 
resumed as well. At Global Spirits, as you are aware, we have significant competencies in 
ENA and ethanol which will help us glide through the rest of this year. Our brands of 
Rajasthan medium liquor, IMIL in Rajasthan and West Bengal will also add to volumes in 
profitability this year. The other trend that we have seen during this period is an increase of 
taxation on brands. Covid taxation, as some states have decided to call it, has led to an 
increase in volume at lower price points which we call downshifting in crisis by consumers. 
The Globus Spirits is very well poised to reap benefits of this due to our strength and 
specialization over the last few years in the low-price categories. 
 
Lastly, the merger of Unibev with Globus will uncork some synergies in terms of cost 
savings as well as manufacturing efficiencies, which will help Unibev not only require less 
cash burn but also allow the company to enter some states which we have not been able to 
access as yet due to the manufacturing challenges that I spoke about. At this point, I would 
request Mr. Vijay Rekhi to talk a little more about Unibev. Thank you. 
Vijay Rekhi: 
Thank you Shekhar. Very good morning everyone and welcome to the earnings call. 
Summarizing the performance of Unibev during the previous fiscal year FY2020, we have 
expanded to ten states as at the end of the financial year. Unibev has established its presence 
in Pondicherry, Karnataka, Telangana, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Orissa, 
Maharashtra, Goa and Assam. During FY2020 we have managed to sell 31,972 cases of 
nine liters each which could have been slightly better but was impacted on account of 
COVID-19 in the last 10 days of the fiscal.  

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
In the wake of COVID-19 and to ensure optimum utilization of our cash, we are being very 
prudent about our expenditure such as marketing and various other expenses. We are 
focusing on expanding our reach to newer geographies and our target is to expand our 
presence in six new states subject to on-ground situation emerging out of COVID-19. We 
continue to develop new products; however, the launch of our latest new product in the 
super premium whiskey category has been delayed on account of current market conditions 
and other launches are also cautiously being deliberated. As we are all aware, the liquor 
industry faced severe challenges on account of closure of liquor shops and exorbitant taxes 
levied by authorities. However, the pandemic has also opened-up new avenues like online 
delivery in the industry that was hitherto not widely available. We have started witnessing a 
gradual demand revival of liquor products post uplifting of the lockdown in phases.  
 
At Unibev our focus is to strengthen our roots which will aid us to withstand the storm in 
the future. This is what we believe in and we will continue to work towards that. I now 
request Dr. Bhaskar Roy to share the operational performance details for Globus Spirits. 
Thank you once again. 
Bhaskar Roy: 
Thank you, Mr. Rekhi. Good morning everyone. I will share the operational performance of 
the company. During the past fiscal, we have implemented various measures towards 
enhancing our operating efficiencies. The initiative towards modernizing power plant at 
Haryana plant, Samalkha, is at its final stage and we are already doing the trials and started 
the commencement. The work was slightly delayed due to the COVID situation and 
lockdown situation. This initiative will aid towards the reducing the fuel cost. During Q4 
FY2020 the utilization was at 88.8% compared to 92.3%; utilization levels were impacted 
on account of halt in operations due to lockdown. IMIL volumes for the quarter stood at 
2.50 million cases in Q4 FY2020 compared to 2.81 million cases in Q4 FY2019. Average 
realization for the quarter stood at Rs.372.9 per case against Rs.354.4 per case during Q4 
FY2019. 
 
Franchise bottling volumes in Q4 FY2020 stood at 0.91 million cases compared to 1.20 
million cases in Q4 FY2019. Bulk alcohol volumes for Q4 FY2020 stood at 26.2 million 
liters compared to 26.4 million liters in Q4 FY2019, also impacted on account of lockdown. 
The bulk realization stood at Rs.51.4 for Q4 FY2020. The average alcohol recovery also 
improved compared to the previous quarter and the previous year. On account of higher 
ENA and higher DDGS realization, the revenue mix tilted a bit towards manufacturing 
segment at 65% compared to 63% in Q4 FY2019. With that I would like to call upon our 
CFO, Mr. Ajay Goyal to continue the discussions on the financial performance. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Ajay Goyal: 
Thank you, Dr. Roy. Good morning everyone. I will take you through the key financial 
highlights for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2020. During Q4 FY2020, the 
standalone total income net of excise duty was reported at Rs.2695 million against Rs.2709 
million in Q4 FY2019, impacted amidst COVID-19. For the full year FY2020, the net 
revenue stood at Rs.11630 million against Rs.9923 million. EBITDA stood at Rs.319 
million in Q4 FY2020 against Rs.294 million in Q4 FY2019, a growth of 32% with 
EBITDA margins at 14.4% in Q4 FY2020 against 10.8% in Q4 FY2019, part benefit of 
softened raw material cost and lower fuel cost. EBITDA for FY2020 stood at Rs.1379 
million against Rs.1022 million, a growth of 35% and margins stood at 11.8% against 
10.3% in FY2019. 
 
Profit after tax during the quarter stood at Rs.216 million compared to Rs.144 million in Q4 
FY2019. Reduction in finance cost and overall improvement in performance enabled a 
robust growth of 50% year-on-year. For the full year FY2020, the reported net profit after 
tax stood at Rs.593 million against Rs.306 million, a growth of 94%. During the year, the 
total debt which includes long-term debt, short-term debt and current liability has been 
brought down from Rs.2371 million to Rs.1825 million as on March 2020. The debt 
repayment for the current fiscal is expected at around Rs.397 million, which will further 
strengthen our balance sheet. The cash and bank balances as on 31st March 2020 stand at 
Rs.197 million against Rs.25 million on 31st March 2019.  
 
This concludes my remarks on the financial highlights. I would now request the moderator 
to open the forum for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Avi Mehta from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
I just wanted to dwell more on the first quarter 1Q, how exactly things are panning out? If 
you could share how the bulk prices or ENA prices are trending currently and second on the 
demand-supply situation given that this year we are seeing an impact because of the 
lockdown; how should we look at sanitizer demand and expected growth rate? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
For this quarter, that is, Q1 FY2021, April month has been a complete washout. There was 
some sanitizers revenue and very little ethanol revenue, but we were able to make enough 
margin to be able to take care of our fixed cost for a month. In the months two and three so 
far, volumes have come back to a significant degree though I do see that they are not back 
to what they should have been. As per our budget, we would have had little bit higher 
volumes but this is due to industry not opening up fully as even now there are some shops 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 16 
that continue to remain closed in different parts of the country. Sanitizer is interesting for us 
from multiple angles. It is certainly not at a level where I can say it is 10% or 15% of 
revenue, but it is interesting from the following points - one is that the margins on this are 
higher so as a result, it pushes up our average price for the ENA basket quite considerably; 
second, it is a business which is not regulated by state excise so it gives us a very good 
hedge on state excise policies in some states. Also by the way, volumes for the company are 
growing and I do see in time this will become a substantial chunk, but I am not at this 
position able to say how long that will take, but due to its profitable nature and hedge on 
excise policies I feel this business is a strategic business for the company. 
Avi Mehta: 
And the ENA prices, how exactly it is trending right now? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
In our surplus states of Haryana and Bihar which has extra alcohol than they need in the 
state, so we need to export and we are seeing pricing about the same as Q4 but in our deficit 
states of Rajasthan and West Bengal, they need to import alcohol and so local capacities are 
at premium in these deficit states and we have actually seen pricing move up during the last 
couple of months. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay perfect. On the Unibev merger, in this current situation in which states levying super 
normal taxes which are unheard of taxes is what we can say, how does the working capital 
or how you look at this business in the near term in terms of expansion? How would you 
look at our capital allocation? I understand the reason to support it but in the near term, I 
know we were actually having a aggressive roll out plan, how do we look at this now and if 
you could kind of give us some sense on that? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, so I want to give another point of view on the current taxation. See, few things have 
been, how do I say, very favorable outcome of this increase in taxation. Of course, you 
understand the challenges that increase taxation has increased capital and certain prices; 
even volumes reduce in certain product categories. But, as a silver lining, I would like to 
offer a couple of points of view, one is that the low-priced products become very much 
involved again with consumers and we are seeing that volume over there has increased as I 
mentioned in my opening comments, in Rajasthan for example, which is our most important 
state, volumes have gone up over March as compared to even May and June, so that is a 
very interesting fallout. Similarly, in West Bengal, our company was able to get a 
significantly higher market share as things started opening as compared to the previous 
quarters. The other interesting silver lining here is that the discussion or murmurs around 
prohibition has completely been put to rest when states realized the dependence of tax 
collection on liquor consumption and specially the lower priced liquor consumption being 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 16 
very, very important for tax collection. States across the country have recognized the 
importance of this as a part of their arsenal. Coming to the specific question you asked 
about Unibev, we are fully aware that adhoc excise duty policies are very much excise 
departments and state governments ammo and they have done it before, of course I do not 
think we have ever seen this kind of taxation before but adhoc changes in excise policies are 
very much powerful across in the IMFL business. So that goes both ways - adhoc negative 
and adhoc positive. It does add a little bit of uncertainty and unpredictability. But you 
know, we are aware of that and the people we have in the company have weathered these 
storms over several cycles and we have full faith in the team to be able to perform even in 
these difficult times. As far as our commitments to Unibev is concerned, we do not see any 
change in the long-term price that is over here. I have always maintained in all my 
interactions that it is very difficult to predict short-term gains, but the long-term price in 
Unibev, there is absolutely full commitment on that. 
Avi Mehta: 
No, but Shekhar what I meant is that the working capital intensity would probably expand 
in that business and I am not sure if it does in the IMIL segment as well;  so that is where I 
was coming from, so how do you think on that? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes of course, you are right, it does increase but the business is small right now for us and 
in absolute numbers it does not impact us that much as of now. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay perfect. That is all I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Avasthi from East India Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Avasthi: 
Sir firstly congratulations on the good set of numbers. I just had two questions from my 
side; firstly on the ENA front, so being the complex product that this is, the market is 
saying that the dynamics are not favoring the product manufacturers going ahead is that true 
or while you did see where the prices are, but where do you see the prices moving for the 
rest of the year? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Well, if you ask net buyer of alcohol, they will of course hope for prices to come down, if 
you ask a net seller, they will hope for prices to go up, that is just the type of dynamic we 
have in the industry. So, you know, I am very much in the seller camp and I will say to you 
that the prices will go up and the reasons are as follows. There is shortage of capacity in the 
country. There is an increased demand for alcohol in the country, especially now, there is a 
significant amount of sanitizer production that is happening in India and all over the world 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 16 
which is creating a significant demand for alcohol. Whereas earlier I mentioned that 
Globus’s own sanitizer business is small but there is a considerable amount of alcohol that 
Globus Spirit is selling to sanitizer manufacturers in the countries. So, I do not see these 
prices come off really. On the other hand, raw material prices are going to be weak this year 
and so for that reason we do see margins to remain fairly consistent for this year. 
Nitin Avasthi: 
Okay Sir got it, the second question would be, there has been a very good performance in 
the last entry that you made in the state of Kolkata; in country liquor performance has been 
phenomenal and if I look at the segment of Kolkata country liquor, this was already 
dominated by a very few strong players within the state. Now this market share gain is the 
market itself growing so phenomenally in Kolkata, or you have been able to take share from 
the big boys? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, whereas performance in West Bengal has been very good, we are still short of our 
targets over there. The country liquor business needs to perform better, volume growth has 
to be better over there and we are working on various avenues on that and I would request 
Dr. Roy to help you with that just in a bit but in West Bengal the market dynamics are there 
are about 25 to 30 bottlers of country liquor in West Bengal. We have four major players 
between them who control may be ~75% of the market share. We are trying to become the 
fifth player, that is our current objective. We see no reason for there to be so many bottlers, 
it is very unorganized, their costs are found to be higher than ours and that is why we want 
to sort of consolidate the market over there. Dr. Roy can you talk about what our plans are 
for this year? 
Bhaskar Roy: 
Sure. Out of almost 24 players, we were ranking around 12-13 in the previous year and we 
are wanting to be on the fifth or sixth level and as per the records in the month of May, 
when we started, we are leading to that position. Basically, now the demand of our product, 
is holding up well in the market as per the indications coming from people in the Kolkata 
region and in around Kolkata region also. We are also wanting to open up new phases in 
North Bengal, which is near to the factory so that we can cater within 24 hours or maximum 
36 hours, thereby trying to serve this market better and the volume can increase. 
Nitin Avasthi: 
Got it Sir. Thank you so much for answering the question Sir and best luck for all your 
objectives. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijay Ramchandani from Pragya Equities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Vijay Ramchandani: 
Hi Sir. Good morning. Good set of numbers. I just have two questions. The first one is on 
the line item of changes in inventory, which is significantly higher this quarter at around Rs 
18 Crores and almost 6.5% of EBITDA margin. So, can you explain about the nature of this 
and whether the margins are sustainable? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
CFO, may I request you to take this please. 
Ajay Goyal: 
Basically, in terms of inventory, during the lockdown period, dispatches all of a sudden 
halted and there remained a certain portion of supply under pipeline; raw material came as 
per the schedule but there were no dispatch of our bulk alcohol and country liquor as all 
lines were held up at various stages and therefore the inventory as on March had gone up 
drastically. 
Vijay Ramchandani: 
Okay so this is expected to come down next quarter once we sell the inventory. So what 
should be the sustainable margins because this quarter is around 14.4%? 
Ajay Goyal: 
Sustainable margins, we are trying to maintain the same margin level, it all depends 
basically on the capacity utilization and the prices of the raw material. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
So let me take this Ajay, please. We have margins from two activities chiefly, one is the 
bulk alcohol business and the other is bottle product of the country liquor business. On the 
country liquor business, there is a fair amount of certainty of margin for say one year or 
maybe up to two years. The movement in packing material cost is usually not that drastic 
and over a period of time, it averages out, but in terms of bulk alcohol, there is uncertainty 
of raw material prices, we buy broken rice, which is an agricultural product. Agricultural 
products, broken rice like any other agricultural product will dependent on sowing pattern 
and monsoon and things like that. We do have options of other raw material, so in case 
there are times where broken rice becomes very expensive we can change. We do have 
visibility of this year as being a decent year for raw material prices, prices should remain 
soft, so for this year, I think these margins should be all right is what I can say right now. 
Vijay Ramchandani: 
Okay. Sir coming to capacity utilization, can you tell me at what level our plants are 
operating in the month of May or may be as on today? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
I can say that as of today, all plants are operating at 100%. But average for the month, 
average for quarter, will be lower than the same quarter last year, obviously because April 
was completely closed and we only started operations in May but let us wait and watch and 
see how the rest of the quarter unfolds. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Vijay Ramchandani: 
Are we not facing any challenges with respect to the supply chain or something and because 
of the lockdown? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Well there are lot of challenges, I must admit. It is not easy to operate in this environment 
but full credit to the operations team led by Bhaskar Roy and by our CFO, who are able to 
achieve the current level of operations. 
Vijay Ramchandani: 
Okay and a couple of questions on Unibev. Firstly, I want to know what was our EBITDA 
loss in Unibev for FY2020? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
CFO could you please take up the numbers. 
Ajay Goyal: 
Loss in Unibev was somewhere around Rs.7 to Rs.8 Crores in FY2020. 
Vijay Ramchandani: 
Okay. Coming back to our strategy, you mentioned that you have seen some downshifting 
of products by consumer because of various taxes particularly COVID tax, so has there 
been any change in strategy for Unibev because of this because that is in the super premium 
category, can you throw some light, if there will be any change in strategy? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Mr. Rekhi, could you take up that strategic question, please. 
Vijay Rekhi: 
This is a good question. We have anticipated during the COVID lockdown that there would 
be pressure on premium products as the taxes are being imposed by various states on an 
adhoc basis and like Shekhar said that some states even prefer to call it adhoc taxation, 
particularly Delhi. Now we have analyzed the market and we already have some brands 
lined up to selectively introduce in states which make lot of economic sense while using the 
same distribution and manufacturing infrastructure. So apart from the premium products 
which will see some turbulence, we are about to launch products which will be contribution 
positive and use the same infrastructure and at a lower price point than the existing super 
premium products. 
Vijay Ramchandani: 
Okay Sir. Thank you so much. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krathi Rathi from Perpetuity Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Krati Rathi : 
Thanks for taking my questions. The debt reduction has been quite encouraging. Could you 
please highlight the debt reduction plan for the current year and also if we can see any 
further reduction in the interest cost for the year? 
Ajay Goyal: 
Debt reduction has been as per planned during the last financial year and for the current 
finical year FY2021 too; the total repayment in FY2021 would be in the range of Rs.40 
Crores, which will be repaid as per the schedule. Regarding the interest cost, yes there are 
changes in the NCLR and we are taking it up with the banks and definitely we will try to 
further improve on the interest cost in this financial year. 
Krati Rathi: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shoumik, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shoumik: 
Hi. Good morning. Good set of numbers. I had a slightly different question on the industry. 
So, for most of the part, the prices for ethanol, I think have been bolstered by the fact that 
there has been blending from the government and the government has continued to pursue 
this. But given the COVID situation and the fact that most of our vehicles are at home and 
there is an overall reduction in the demand for petroleum products, do you see ethanol 
demand for blending going down in the near future and how will that impact prices? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
That is a very good question. So, let me answer it in two ways. One is, I also want to 
address the issue of ethanol being linked to crude prices which is also sort of links to these 
issues. So, in India, there are two main raw materials which are used for ethanol production. 
One is sugarcane-based product which is the molasses and the other is broken rice. Both of 
these products are grown in abundance in India, of course broken rice has not grown, it is a 
byproduct, but sugarcane and paddy are grown in fairly large quantities in India and there is 
a very significant dependence that the Indian population has to the purchase prices of these 
products. As a result, Government of India and various states, the trend has been over the 
last several years to try to increase the prices of these products, increase the price to farmers 
for these products in order to increase income in the hands of the farmers. Now as a result, 
the Indian price of cane and Indian price of paddy is completely out of whack from the 
global context. Our paddy and sugarcane are not competitive in the global context. As a 
result, the paddy and sugarcane cultivation keeps going up because farmer gets more 
income, they have surety of that, but the country does not know what to do with so much of 
this product and that is where the government is using ethanol to plug this and to allow 
farmers to get off-take for the final product as well because if there is no off-take then the 
MRP or the support price has absolutely no meaning. As a result, I believe that the ethanol 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 16 
price is not linked to the price of crude. Ethanol is a way of giving more money to farmers 
and ethanol is a way to reduce our dependence on imports, so it is a strategic venture by the 
Government of India. The next issue on how this is affecting, how off-takes are affected in 
current times; Yes, in April and most of May, there was hardly any off-take so a lot of the 
orders had to be completely cancelled for that period but in the month of June, the Globus 
Sprits has commitments to suppliers. You have seen volumes return now in the month of 
June in fact I think June dispatches will be equal to our committed quantity and the reason 
is that the OMCs have capacity to blend up to 10% ethanol but they are only sourcing about 
3% or 4% so even if we add only 33% of petrol consumption we will be meeting our targets 
of blending. So as a result, little bit of reduction in petrol consumption does not impact 
ethanol volumes. 
Shoumik: 
Thank you so much, that is very well explained. May I take the liberty of asking one more 
question? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Sure please. 
Soumic: 
So I had a question on Unibev; given the fact that, as it has been explained even in your 
opening remarks and now because of the COVID related disruptions, alcohol consumption 
patterns I think have changed and with the huge migrant population moving back home and 
unlikely to have lot of money, what do you see, how do you see country liquor, and for 
Unibev, how do you see premium liquor, we have heard that you put some of your product 
launches on hold and you are doing it in a calibrated manner, so I was just wondering what 
is your view on that and do you see that demand returning in this fiscal or may be the next? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
So I will quickly take that up, we have discussed it at length earlier today some other 
question were asked on this issue. So in the states where we have country liquor 
operational, that is, Rajasthan, Haryana and West Bengal, we have seen a significant 
increase in volumes, West Bengal industry has not grown as much as our market share has 
but in Haryana and Rajasthan in both states there has been a significant increase in the 
industry. On the matter of premium products, yes because of COVID tax implications, there 
is a pause to the countries premiumization. In the last two or three years was very clear that 
consumers are going to premiumize and I do not see any change in that in the long term but 
there is certainly a pause because jobs are affected during this period, so disposable income 
is affected and these premium products have become even more premium. So, there is a 
double impact of the virus. So there is a pause and as Mr. Rekhi mentioned that we are re-
calibrating our plans for short run; I mentioned earlier that in the long run the company is 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 16 
completely committed, there is no change in our long term price, but yes there are 
headwinds in the short run for premium products. 
Soumic: 
All right. Thank you so much. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwani Mehta from Sanghvi Investments 
investment. Please go ahead. 
Dhwani Mehta: 
Good morning Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir I wanted to know on the visibility on 
sanitizer market? Do you believe that this market is to sustain if the demand and growth 
after COVID-19 settles? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, thanks for the question. Something I often say to our team in the company that on 
January 1, 2020, sanitizer demand was x and on June 1, 2020, say it is 1000x, I do not know 
what that number is, but let us say it is 1000x for a second, then on June 1, 2021, it will be 
somewhere between x and 1000x. So I do not expect the current level demand to sustain 
after there is a vaccine for Corona virus and all this will be behind us but I do see that even 
once all of this is behind us, the demand for alcohol for sanitizer and the demand for 
sanitizers will be higher than before all of this started. For that reason we believe that for 
Globus Spirits, this is a strategic segment because volumes are good but more importantly it 
is a segment that gives us a hedge from excise policies, we are not controlled by state excise 
departments, and thirdly the EBITDA or the contribution from the business is higher than 
that of the country liquor business today. So, it is in good fix to our 360 degree model that 
we talked about. 
Dhwani Mehta: 
Also, Sir just a followup on that, how do we plan to expand this going forward? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
That opens up the need for a very detailed discussion, which we are happy to have, but 
suffice to say currently there is tailwind in volumes, so we are enjoying the tailwinds very 
bluntly, we have been opportunistic and I do not see any harm in that. Once things start 
settling down a bit then we will get into more details of exactly how we are differentiating 
ourselves in the market and planning to grow. 
Dhwani Mehta: 
Okay Sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shruthi Sharma, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Shruthi Sharma: 
Good morning Sir. Thank you for taking my questions. I had two small questions. First, I 
wanted to know if can you elaborate on the country liquor segment at Rajasthan, with the 
current scenario how things are panning out over there? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Country liquor, Rajasthan, the market size over there is about 25-26 lakh cases a month. We 
have about 30% market share which is up from the previous quarter by a few percentage 
points. There is a new segment there which is called Rajasthan Medium Liquor which 
comes in between Country Liquor and IMFL and essentially the product at RML is an 
IMFL product at a subsidized duty rate to be sold in country liquor shops. At one point we 
were concerned that this might cannibalize the country liquor business but in the current 
time what we are seeing is that it is adding to the revenue at the country liquor shop and 
therefore to our volumes as well. Currently, the RML market is about lakh and a quarter 
cases a month, but it is growing, very very fast, I do not know where it is going to stabilize, 
and we have about 40% market share in RML. 
Shruthi Sharma: 
Okay Sir. So, any percentage you can give us like at what rate it is growing? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
It is infinite right now because it is brand new. All of this is only about a month and a half 
old. 
Shruthi Sharma: 
Okay Sir. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
We are taking volume from IMFL so IMFL volume at IMFL shops are shifting to country 
liquor shops which is really very good news for us because that is where we excel in those 
country liquor shops. 
Shruthi Sharma: 
Okay. Sir second question, I wanted to know is that if it is possible you are downtrading in 
liquor segment and do you think country liquor will be the beneficiary of this? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
In the current situation as I said earlier few times, downtrading is taking place, and country 
liquor is being able to benefit from that. So, I have already said that is happened. 
Shruthi Sharma: 
Will it be sustainable like going forward, how do you see it? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Government policy is a major determinator of that issue, so we have to see how policy pans 
out, this year is very clear, it will be pretty strong growth and at low price points. I also 
mentioned earlier that the government is very important stakeholder, they have understood 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
June 18, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 16 
the importance of low priced alcohol for their tax collections and I do strongly hope and 
believe that favorable policies for our segments will now continue to happen. 
Shruthi Sharma: 
Okay Sir that is all I wanted to ask. Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Shekhar Swarup for his closing comments. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today and we hope to speak to you again very soon with 
our Q1 numbers. If you have any further questions or if you want to discuss anything, 
please do reach out to us directly or through our IR agency. Thank you again and wish you 
all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Globus Spirits Limited that concludes this 
conference all. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
