                                                                       Mastek Limited                                              T   +91 22 6722 4200 
                                                                                                         #106,107 SDF-IV Seepz, Andheri (East),                F   +91 22 6695 1331                                       
                                                                                                                                              Mumbai 400096, Maharashtra, India            W www.mastek.com                                     
 
                                                                                                                       
Regd. Off.: 804, 805 President House, Opp. C.N. Vidyalaya, Near Ambawadi Circle, Ambawadi, Ahmedabad - 380 006. Gujarat, India. Tel No: +91-79-2656--4337 E-mail: info@mastek.com CIN-l74140GJ1982PLC005215 
 
  
SEC/22/2020-21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                June 30, 2020 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Tel No. 022- 22723121 
Fax No. 022- 22721919 
SCRIP CODE: 523704 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Tel No.: 022- 26598100 
Fax No. 022-26598120 
SYMBOL: MASTEK 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Ma’am(s), 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call Transcript – Q4 
 
With reference to our Letter No. SEC/12/2020-21 dated June 10, 2020, please find enclosed herewith the call 
Transcript in respect to the Earnings Conference Call held on the financial performance for the fourth quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2020 on Monday, June 15, 2020. 
 
The Transcript of the conference call can also be accessed at the website of the Company. 
 
Request you to take the note of the above. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For MASTEK LIMITED 
 
 
 
DINESH KALANI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl: A/A 
 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar 
Kalani
Digitally signed by Dinesh Kumar Kalani 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, cn=Dinesh Kumar Kalani, 
serialNumber=74bfc2dc58430d7aca042cb98d98736
17e11490a2471567f15862783bfcfc64c, 
pseudonym=22a4e8045a5f46f7bc1ebca3fb9fd120, 
2.5.4.45=03410065336230633434323938666331633
134396166626634633839393666623932343237616
534316534363439623933346361343935393931623
738353262383535, postalCode=400091, 
2.5.4.20=e7430f3f8786429ecd3313782714e595e415f
373c994885219c89526123bc0df, st=Maharashtra 
Date: 2020.06.30 19:28:53 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
Mastek Limited  
Q4 FY’20 Results Conference Call 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JOHN OWEN – GROUP CEO, MASTEK  
MR. ABHISHEK SINGH – GROUP CFO, MASTEK 
LIMITED 
MR. UMANG NAHATA – CO-FOUNDER, EVOSYS 
MR. RAKESH RAMAN – CO-FOUNDER, EVOSYS 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA GUPTA, CHRISTENSEN IR 
 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Mastek Limited Q4 FY’20 Results Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Asha Gupta from Christensen IR. Thank you. And over to you, ma’am. 
Asha Gupta: 
Thanks Aman. Good afternoon to all of you and thanks for joining Q4 FY’20 Results of Mastek. 
The results and presentation have already been mailed to you and you can view that on our 
website, www.mastek.com.  
 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have the top management 
of Mastek represented by Mr. John Owen, Group CEO and Mr. Abhishek Singh, Group CFO. 
Also, today over the call we have Mr. Umang Nahata and Mr. Rakesh Raman – Co-Founders of 
Evosys. Mr. John will start the call with a brief overview of the year and the quarter gone by 
which will be followed by Mr. Abhishek who will be going into detailed financials and Mr. 
Umang Nahata who will share his experience with Mastek, we will then take the Q&A session. 
 
I would like to remind you that everything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook for 
the future or which can be construed as forward-looking statement must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. This risk and uncertainties are included, 
but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent 
annual report that you can find on our website. 
 
With that said, I now like to hand over the call to Mr. John. Over to you, sir. 
John Owen: 
Thank you Asha and thanks to everyone. I hope everybody is safe and well in this lockdown 
period. Welcome to a belated earnings call for Mastek’s Q4 Fiscal 2020 results. As always, it is 
a real pleasure to review our results with you and this time we will also present the full year 
performance for fiscal ‘20 which started with the first of many Brexit extensions through the 
year and ended with coronavirus global pandemic. So it has certainly been an interesting year. 
 
Due to lockdown, although we are in different locations, as always I am pleased to be joined by 
Abhishek who will cover our financial performance and today I am also pleased to introduce 
and welcome for their first earnings call the former promoters of the Evosys, Umang Nahata and 
Rakesh Raman, who are now significant shareholders in Mastek. As we said, Umang will share 
his perspectives on the early days of the acquisition and how it has been received by his Evolite 
employees who are now Mastekeers, his customers and his partners. Probably more importantly 
in the shadow of COVID-19, is the adjusted market outlook we have for ERP cloud migration 
which is really exciting. Also, the new incremental opportunities we all see for Evosys is now 
that it is part of the larger Mastek family. We all think there is a real opportunity to make one 
plus one equals three plus which is our ultimate goal. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
Before I give the business update, plea se let me first apologize for the delay in announcing our 
results and the inconveniences was caused. I appreciate this will have led to many frustrations 
for you, at absolutely the wrong time as the general market confidence evaporated and we slid 
into a global pandemic. It seems hard to believe that only in February our stock markets were at 
historic highs and today when I am staring in the face of probably the deepest recession in 
history. 
 
Hopefully today, we will be able to provide those much needed KPI’s that give you more clarity 
and confidence in where we are, what we have done and where we are going.  
 
From the data already provided, I hope you now recognize that Mastek is a more resilient 
business. Mastek does not operate in a vacuum and like any other company it cannot fully 
insulate itself from the impact of COVID. However, I do believe we can significantly mitigate 
the downsides better than many of our peers.  
 
I think Mastek’s resilience is primarily driven by four factors -   
 
One is we have strong market fundamentals. We have a resilient market segment in the UK 
public sector and the ERP cloud migration, which we expect to remain solid growth engines 
through the whole of FY21. I know last year we may have sometimes been viewed as having 
unhealthy customers concentration around the UK public sector however, today, this must be 
seen as a real key asset. A major customers that continues to grow with an excellent payment 
record is invaluable to anchor stability. Now add to this stability, the dynamic cloud migration 
business of Evosys and we now have another growth engine to fuel our growth and effectively 
find Mastek on more cylinders through this crisis. 
 
The second point of differentiation is our organisational speed and agility. It is worth 
remembering that we operated with a distributed and empowered workforce since the 
introduction of Mastek 4.0 back in 2016. As we move to a work from home model, this culture 
has certainly helped us maintain the goodwill and ownership of the business outcome at the 
operating level, which is now critical success factor to our productivity, our innovation and our 
business continuity with our customers.   
 
I think another aspect is our management experience. Last year we had the Brexit uncertainty 
and we managed that. We demonstrated our ability to protect the quality of earnings with a softer 
revenue performance. Our ability to strip-out overheads without damaging our front end 
productivity, quality and customer relationships will remain an invaluable capability through 
this new crisis. 
 
And finally, I think strong financial management. We have generated strong cash flow over the 
past 3 years which will continue into FY21 and with our operating footprint we have the financial 
strength and agility to weather this storm. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
I know the COVID crisis quite rightly dominates every conversation at the moment. However, 
it is still worth remembering that this was a quarter when we originally intended to celebrate the 
progress Mastek has made over the last 3 years under the disciplined strategy of Vision 2020. 
Today, we exit the Vision 2020 phase with a very solid platform for growth, revenues at historic 
highs with more to come as we layer in the full impact of Evosys in active quarters, a more 
diverse and balanced business, improved business controls, better forecast predictability and the 
financial health to execute our plans and finally, a robust management team that focuses on 
delivering outcomes, not excuses. It is these attributes that will now help us successfully navigate 
the current crisis and thrive.  
 
Our intent is for this crisis to have a shallower impact on Mastek, and our recovery to be faster 
and this will allow us to expand quicker, once the market normality is established – a landscape 
I have to say I think will look very different post COVID. 
 
Enough context setting, let’s review Q4 performance. As previously stated, we described Q3 
was a turning point and we still maintain that position. Overall Q4 delivered to expectations with 
revenues rising 38% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency driven by a strong return to growth 
from the UK and the partial revenue consolidation from Evosys. With political clarity on Brexit, 
our UK business returned to a solid growth at 7% quarter-on-quarter, our public sector remains 
the power house and despite the Brexit headwinds we discussed, it grew at 12% year-on-year. 
 
We still experience challenges with our US operations which was particularly badly impacted 
by its exposure to the retail sector and then compounded by the effects of COVID with orders 
delayed, projects deferred and ultimately customer ramp downs. These events immediately 
triggered a further reduction in our capacity and cost structure. Our working assumption going 
forward is that the US market will recover slower than our other units across Mastek, but we are 
still seeing strong traction in the short-term. The addition of Evosys will certainly help build 
some much welcomed critical mass to our US operations and although both operations are in a 
nascent stage, we do see some encouraging signs and expect gradual improvements in both 
revenues and earnings from this geography in the second half of FY21. 
 
I am extremely pleased we continue to sustain our quality of earnings drive and in Q4 we 
delivered solid EBITDA improvement performance at 17.3%. This is a strong performance when 
you layer in some of the non-recurring costs of the M&A transaction fees, writing off bad debts 
and upgrading our cyber security infrastructure to accommodate a widespread working from 
home model. This is encouraging as we deliver a more robust revenue line and better leverage 
our fixed costs and SG&A, which will become more important as we will need to absorb the 
natural price pressure that will result from a contracting labor market. Sustaining margin 
improvement longer term will require a more accelerated adoption of new delivery models and 
technologies such as automation. Operating EBITDA increased by 73% driven primarily by the 
increased revenue, strong cost management and our active management of the COVID crisis. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
To be truthful, at the start of the crisis back in January nobody, especially me, envisaged we 
would be where we are today with approximately a one third of the global population in 
lockdown and economies coming to an emergency stop. I think where we benefited at Mastek 
was that we did classify early on the coronavirus was a potential enterprise risk to the company. 
This meant we mobilized a cross-functional team to look at the potential impact, our response 
and aligned our resources accordingly. This pre-event planning and mindset has allowed us to 
make informed decisions way ahead of the curve and be proactive with our customers. This 
enabled us to respond faster and more efficiently than many of our peers who saw this as a quick 
v-shaped impact and immediate recovery, which obviously has not been. 
 
This active management had led all our customers to execute their business continuity plans 
smoothly and this enabled us to transition within three weeks both Mastek’s and Evosys’s full 
operating model from a previously 95% office-based delivery model to today 100% work from 
home operating model.  
 
This plan have three priorities that shaped and will continue to shape our thinking. Number one, 
we protect our people as both their physical health, their mental health and their economic well-
being. Secondly, we protect the business. So we have moved to work from home. We have 
reconfigured up some of our customer deliverables and we have got secure relationships with 
our customers. We have invested in cyber security. And the third element to balance that is we 
also protect our company. So you will see the cash collection improvement. We stopped 
discretionary spending and we quickly resized the business for the new economic reality because 
the existing capacity curve was way ahead of the projected demand curve. 
 
We completed the work just before the UK lockdown hit on March 23rd and that also included 
our secure delivery to the UK government customer, which has been a critical area for us. Going 
back to how important Mastek 4.0 culture is, this is what an agile, empowered and customer-
centric business can do with dedicated and collaborative employees. And I think our loyal 
customers and my fantastic employees for delivering this herculean outcome. We literally 
transitioned our business overnight and we did not drop a heartbeat with our customers on 
quality, velocity or productivity. 
 
I do want to especially thank all 3,500 employees for allowing Mastek to literally move into 
their homes. Without their support and ongoing goodwill, our business would have been more 
damaged but as you can see from our results in the short term, we have responded extremely 
well. 
 
Let me give you some commentary on what the future is likely to look like. Trading in January 
and February was strong, but by the middle of March the depth of the crisis seemed to crystalize 
and it became clear our original FY21 growth plans and aspirations would need to quickly adapt. 
We immediately shifted gears to implement our tactical strategy across the group called “Cut 
and Grow.” Necessity truly is the mother of invention. By the end of March, we had already 
removed all discretionary spending, initiated some cash conservation initiatives like deferring 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
the annual bonuses, the executive team took a voluntary pay reduction and we renegotiated terms 
with our major suppliers. Please remember this work was also being done when we were also 
converting the whole of our operation to work from home. 
 
Let me expand a little on the “Cut & Grow” strategy that replaces Vision 2020 in the short-term. 
Our working hypothesis is that the most severe impacts of COVID will be frontloaded into the 
first half of FY21. Stability hopefully is coming around Q3 and gradual market improvement in 
Q4. The market is certainly contracted and continues to be fragile. We are assuming it will be at 
least a good few quarters before the general economic confidence returns. So effective 
immediately, we needed to rebalance our business to realign our capacity with the new realities 
of a new demand curve. Going into FY21, we were planning to invest approximately 5% per 
quarter in building capacity and grow into that new capacity backed by a solid pipeline. We have 
now reversed that assumption which means we immediately stopped hiring, deferred new 
starters in the system, removed external contractors, placed non-productive staff on furlough and 
actively managed our bench and removed any investments where we did not see a short-term 
return. As market confidence further eroded in April and May, we have already shared with our 
people that there will be no annual pay hike this year and potentially job cuts if we do not 
rebalance fast enough. This is extremely painful but unfortunately necessary. Our current plans 
suggest that we will have our capacity and demand fully aligned in Q2 which would put us in 
great shape to move forwards. 
 
Cut and grow is essentially a two sided coin. Side one is to reduce our costs and our capacity 
quickly and repurpose those resources into side two which accelerates the demand side where 
we are currently seeing a robust pipeline from our two growth engines of the UK public sector 
and our Evosys cloud migration business. 
 
The UK public sector is attractive because it is our core and also counter cyclical in the market. 
The UK government needs to accelerate its digital transformation to help save even more money 
and pay for the furlough measures it has taken over the last few months. So let us not forget, we 
also have a Brexit agenda to deliver later this year. So, the application of different infrastructure 
still needs to be built. Mastek is already recognized as a trusted delivery partner and so we need 
to increase our coverage, broaden our base and leverage this position. 
 
The Evosys portfolio is also very attractive because this crisis has brought home the need for 
enterprises to have a more modern, economic, secure and resilient application infrastructure that 
can be accessed remotely. This means that cloud migration of legacy applications continues to 
enjoy strong pull factors couple that with the old on-premises platforms being sunsetted by both 
the market leaders of Oracle and SAP means the market demand remains robust. 
 
In both portfolios, UK public and cloud, we have seen increased pipeline activity in Q1 which 
gives us optimism of focused plan is executable. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
Let me now move to the acquisition of Evosys and how the transition has been going. I will let 
Umang provide his own perspectives later, but from my perspective I am really pleased to have 
the Evosys business as part of Mastek. The whole migration story will significantly help us drive 
growth through this COVID crisis and we must fully exploit the pull factors from cloud 
migration. Personally, I am also very pleased to have Umang and his team as part of the 
management where they bring a new perspectives, additional talent and ambition. 
 
You will see from the presentation material that Evosys has brought strong diversification to 
Mastek which mitigates the challenges from the last few years being overexposed in the UK 
market. Evosys brings another growth engine to Mastek group and for the first time Mastek has 
a strong repeatable customer acquisition engine in a totally complimentary and growing market 
space of ERP cloud. This customer acquisition engine provides a fantastic platform for future 
cross-sell opportunities.  
 
I am pleased to report a good start to the transition. Both Evosys and Mastek are performing well 
independently or as I have previously stated column-3 and column-1 sales motions remain intact 
and on track. We are keen to ensure the acquisition does not become a distraction to the core 
performance of each unit and we have reported separately to help you provide this transparency. 
In addition, we are also building good pipeline in column-2 to cross-sell upside and I am pleased 
to report we have already secured our first joint customer win in the UK with the $4 million 
TCV. As the saying goes, one swallow does not make a summer however encouragingly, we are 
starting to see similar projects in all regions appearing in the pipeline. I think it is also important 
to recognize the impact of Evosys of now being in the larger Mastek. We have been able to win 
larger deals and open up new partnership channels. Evosys is now recognized as a next-
generation services partner which will act as a positive disruptor, similar to the way Mastek 
drove positive disruption in the UK public sector four years ago. 
 
The acquisition of Evosys was always intended to add a complementary market segment to 
Mastek. Our customers are starting to recognize the benefits of Mastek being able to support 
them as a “digital partner for life”. I am also pleased that Gartner has recognized the Evosys in 
their Magic Quadrant analysis this year which further supports our credibility and will further 
support our sales efforts. 
 
It is no secret 70% of acquisitions fail, and as I said before I fully appreciate and recognize the 
concerns many investors will have had on the size and timing of this deal. These concerns would 
have only been amplified under the COVID and subsequent information vacuum. And I hope 
the results demonstrate some early proof points to help reassure you. Today, we operate more 
diversified Mastek and with Umang and Rakesh settling into the management team, I hope this 
gives you increased confidence that this acquisition will fall into the 30% of successes. 
 
I think this provides an appropriate segue into quantifying the progress Mastek has made over 
the last three years under Vision 2020 which culminated by the divestment of non-core assets in 
the likes of Majesco and the reinvestment of that cash into cash generative assets like Evosys. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
Since we started in Q3 FY17, Mastek’s revenues have strengthened 167%, our earnings have 
improved by 322% and our order book has improved by 250%. Our people capacity has 
increased by over 2,000 and our customer base now stands at over 400, but when we started we 
had only 91. So overall I hope you now see a more balanced, resilient, cash generative Mastek 
with a clear purpose and direction of travel. Despite the current challenges, we are very well 
placed to continue our positive progress, build a sustainable company and deliver value creation 
for all Mastek stakeholders. 
 
In summary, I am pleased with our performance and remain cautiously optimistic for the future. 
Our mindset is correct, and we have the clarity in following a short-term “Cut & Grow” plan 
which should mitigate the worst impacts of this COVID crisis. The impact of COVID on Mastek 
is intended to be shallower than our peers and the recovery is faster. External shocks such as 
COVID creates winners and losers. Our job is to make Mastek a winner and I hope from our 
results, our decision-making and our focus will share our believe that this is a realistic outcome. 
 
I will now hand over to Abhishek to take us through the financial breakdown and to provide 
more context and then Umang will share his observations and we then happy to take your 
questions.  
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you, John. A warm welcome to everyone on this call. I am going to share with you the 
highlights of our financial performance for this quarter as well as FY20. You have the deck 
circulated ahead of this call which contains details of our financial performance. So, I am going 
to focus on the snippets of our performance.  
 
Having said that I would like to start with a bit of a recap. A lot has been articulated by John and 
published by us in our narrative. However, it is important to note that we started the FY20 with 
the challenge in our major markets, UK and US. While UK had overhang of Brexit coupled with 
political uncertainty and all of that had a bearing on both our private and public sector businesses. 
US business had just completed a restructuring and we were in the process of appointing a new 
management team in the early part of the financial year. We started the financial year with these 
backdrops. And in that light most of our performances have to be looked upon. That said it did 
not prevent us from driving our strategic agenda. We continued to invest in our management 
team and solidify our delivery and sales capability. If you recollect, we had appointed Dennis 
Badman as head of delivery. In the early part of the financial year we made investments in the 
sales roles and head of Americas role across US, UK and India. All of this was done in parallel 
and with agenda that we had that is monetize our non-core assets and bring it back into the 
business in the form of making an acquisition. You have noted that we have sold 60% of our 
stake in Majesco and 40% is again up for grabs and we are pursuing that. We continued to scout 
for inorganic opportunities which culminated into acquisition of Evosys in February 2020. And 
all of this was happening we just paused to catch up our breath in February when one of the 
largest health crises in the form of COVID-19 surfaced and which eventually culminated into a 
global economic crisis. So organizations and countries have all been dealing with this 
phenomena ever since and everyone is working to adopt and adapt themselves to this challenge, 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
service the customer and essentially survives. At Mastek, we are no different. So having said 
that the year that started with Brexit uncertainty actually helped us in being a little bit better 
prepared than anyone else because we have been dealing with the cost management, business 
efficiencies and cash focus right from the beginning of the financial year, not necessarily 
triggered by the COVID initiative. And as a result you will see the financial performance which 
reflects some serious toil and maneuvering of the business in difficult times which has resulted 
in protection of our employees servicing our customers and in essence protecting the value for 
our shareholders. 
 
I will start the financial commentary with Q4 & FY20 highlight and I would like the audience 
to note that quarter has had the impact of business consolidation of Middle East business of 
Evosys for one month and the demerged portion of the business for two months. If I look at Q4 
FY20, our total income stood at Rs. 336.7 crore which was up 38% quarter-on-quarter. Our 
operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 58.2 crores which was up 73% quarter-on-quarter and PAT stood 
at Rs. 38.9 crores which was up almost 50% quarter-on-quarter. If I move on to some of the key 
metrics of Q4 FY20, I like to mention that cash and cash equivalent continued to be the focus 
and it stood at Rs. 414.7 crore and net of that the cash stood at Rs. 81 crore. The bad debt 
phenomena continue to be accelerated in the quarter. US geography experienced a very 
significant impact of that, a lot of it accelerated by COVID. We had to make provisions for Rs. 
12.5 crore for the potential bad debt that we are staring at. However, we continue to be engaged 
with the customers and try to kind of collect it and connect it feverishly to ensure that these 
phenomena have minimal impact on the business. Looking at our order backlog which stood at 
Rs. 785 crores for the consolidated business of Mastek organic as well as inorganic business. 
We added 24 new customers during the quarter which was evenly spread across organic and 
inorganic business. 
 
If I move on to FY20 just as a snapshot view, our total income stood out Rs.1,112.8 crore, up 
5.2% year-on-year. Total EBITDA stood at Rs.196.7 crore which was up 25.8% and PAT stood 
at Rs.113.8 crore versus Rs.101.5 crore in the last year. 
 
Now the biggest testament of our cash focus is essentially the free cash flow generation and if 
you look at the numbers we generated around Rs.168 crore in free cash vis-à-vis Rs.60 crore that 
we generated in FY19. And this is what helped us prevent any possible delinquencies that we 
experienced in each of the geographies at heightened rate though UK was a lot more insulated 
than US and India. If you look at FY20 in totality, we had to make provisions for Rs.18.8 crore 
in bad debt, the big one of that was Cox & Kings bankruptcy in India. 
 
So, long story short, the way we have looked at it is, it was very clear that the year started on 
challenging note, cash management, cost management, efficiency drivers were the core focus. 
And based on that, we have been able to deliver the financial performance yet driving down the 
strategic objective of monetizing the non-core assets and plowing it back into the business in the 
form of Evosys acquisition. I will take a few minutes to just add some color for various 
geographies whatever we have experienced and that will give the audience better insight into 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
what Mastek has dealt with in each of the geographies. So, if you look at UK as John alluded, 
the year started with Brexit uncertainty and which had some bearing on the revenue as well as 
the behavior exuded by public and private sector customers. However, it is important to note 
that despite all of these uncertainties, the UK public sector grew by 6% year-on-year. However, 
the story on the private sector was a lot different and it degrew by almost 14% on year-on-year 
basis. Because they were looking at conserving cash and they were looking at certainty before 
they committed to the discretionary spend. The fact that our public sector continues to be robust 
and provides with a good visibility of opportunities, we have augmented our sales team further 
with the appointment of Steve Latchem as Executive Director of UK government business. He 
brings in a significant experience in UK public sector and he is also an ex-Mastekeer. It is an 
amazing combination that we have had in his candidature. And he is leading initiative with the 
UK public sector. 
 
If I move on to US geography, the geography started very well with H1 growing nicely over the 
prior year i.e. FY19. However, H2 was marred by negative seasonality in Q3. And it was further 
impacted by COVID phenomena in Q4 there was a lot of our engagements were canceled by the 
customer, proof-of-concepts not honored and essentially the request from a lot of our customers 
to move the business to the later part of the year for conversations. As a result, the business 
degrew by 10% on year-on-year basis. However, the new sales team under Raman’s leadership 
is in place and we now see a very structured approach to the US market which gives us 
confidence that we will be able to make good on our investments and see the growth in coming 
times. Some data points on the retail industry in the US given the fact that 100% of the Mastek 
business in digital commerce space is retail sector focused. You will be amazed to know that in 
the CY2019, 9,300 US retailers closed their physical stores, this was almost a 60% jump from 
2018. But, in contrast, the other data point that gives us a lot of confidence is that the 
e-Commerce sales are expected to grow in the range of 12% to 15% which means that there are 
a lot more of application development and there is a lot more of IT services that are needed to 
augment those capabilities of brick-and-mortar retailers to move towards e-Commerce. 
 
We also bolstered our offering by furthering our alliance in partnership, the two of the notable 
ones were Commerce360 and Skava. And pandemic actually has offered opportunities for 
vendor consolidation as well. We have seen that a couple of our top customers have looked at 
this opportunity to consolidate a lot of fringe roles in the managed services fashion and we have 
responded to a few of those opportunities as we speak. We would also like to notify that to 
service our customer better we opened our new Canadian entity, Mastek Digital Inc. in Canada 
and we have already landed our first SOW in the geography. 
 
Moving to India. The story in Indian business is a mixed bag. While we appointed a sales head 
in October last year, we have continued our focus on reducing the footprint in the government 
business and expand our footprint with the private sector customer and we have had some good 
results and good traction coming in from the private sector customers. However, the biggest 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
event for the geography was the bankruptcy of Cox & Kings, which was also the largest customer 
in the sector. 
 
I would like to briefly touch upon our Evosys acquisition. A lot has been written, a lot has been 
shared by John as well and I know that Umang would share his details. But in the first 60 to 90 
days, what we see is that this is a very resilient business and it has got a fundamental demand 
coming from its customers. Even amidst the pandemic we have seen demand there and as a result 
it gives us the confidence that the existing customer base that it brings in and the capability that 
Mastek brings on to the Evosys cloud migration, ERP implementation can create a new-gen 
company which can service the pent up demand that is there in the sector. So, we feel very-very 
optimistic and confident about it. 
 
Last but not the least is COVID. A lot has already been again said about COVID, but I would 
like to reiterate that as an organization, we are hawkishly focused on our employee safety, 
augmentation of IT infrastructure and cyber security because remote working brings its own set 
of challenges, all our employees are safe and in their home. In the first 30 days, we had 
practically 24,000+ meetings hosted over MS Teams and WebEx and employees continue to be 
very well engaged within their own teams and with the organization and the leadership to ensure 
that we have good employee engagement and we are looking at their health and safety while we 
are supporting our customers globally. 
 
With that, I would like to hand it over to Umang for his comments and which will then be 
followed by Q&A. Umang, over to you. 
Umang Nahata: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Hello everyone. This is my first call on investor analyst call. So I am very, 
very excited about it. I will start by giving a little more background about how do we and our 
side of the team Evosys, Evolites, and our customers and partner service, our feeling around the 
demerger and acquisition that has happened. 
 
So, I think first thing that is quite clear is the business opportunity for which this transaction was 
done is very-very clear. And I think that is more than half the battle won there if you have a clear 
vision going forward. So what we are trying to do here is build a next-generation IT service 
provider which looks at delivering tangible value to our customers by delivering modern digital 
technology. So there are three key things, right. So next-generation, delivering tangible value 
and using modern technology and that is what the combination really means as a key focus that 
it would love to deliver. 
 
From Evolites point of view, I mean, this is something that we clearly all of us understand since 
the outcome and the objective is so clear so the discussion with the team and the sentiments back 
to the entire Evolites was very, very positive. We all understood what we are trying to do here 
and we all are completely in sync with that approach. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
From Evosys customer stand point, again, Evosys has been a loyal and long-term partner for 
many of our customers. We literally have one of the largest installed base of Oracle, Cloud 
customers with Evosys. And I think what they see with us here is an opportunity of not just 
continue working with us on our Oracle side, but looking at us as a partner who could now bring 
a much more holistic digitization approach to them. So, not just on the back office systems that 
we were really good at, but now to look at the back office, front office and everything together 
around it. So that is overall plus and we have seen lots of positive customer e-mails from all 
across the world. 
 
From an Oracle relationship point of view, again, I think it is a very-very positive side for Oracle. 
They saw us as one of their top partners in the Oracle application space, on the cloud application 
side SaaS. Now with Mastek, I think we have a much stronger technology partnership also that 
we can really grow. And that makes us a much more holistic partner which can cover not just 
apps, but technology equally well. 
 
So, I think all in all, all the three key areas from an employee, customer, and partnership 
standpoint, it is a very positive and much more well directed move that we have. We all know 
what is the goal and the vision that we want to achieve and therefore we have hit the ground 
running literally. As you can see, we have already closed our first transaction together. There 
has been a lot of other integration aspects that have moved very-very fast. 
 
From the experience of being a Mastekeer over the last few weeks, I will give an interesting 
analogy. So, when we were doing the transaction, I was given the advice that this is like a 
marriage. So now I feel although it was an arranged marriage, but it always felt like love, because 
it seems like we have known each other for a long time. That is the kind of transparency that we 
are sharing in the integration discussions. We are very, very welcoming in terms of ideas, 
opinions and advice on each other, very quickly, the organizations are learning and sharing and 
giving feedback to the teams, we are working on various areas of business together already. And 
I think jointly crafting our way up into the vision that we have in trying to create a next-
generation IT company together. 
 
Quick view on our business impact from COVID and how Q4 was and how have things moved 
there. So COVID clearly as we all know has been the biggest economic shock that we have all 
had and initially like John said, we all at the feeling maybe this is the knee-jerk, that is going to 
bring us all down or what. But I think as we grow steady and we have all learned to deal with it, 
I think we are all in a much better position so has been our customers, employees and the market 
in general and everybody seems to have learned to adopt. So, our business continues to be very 
resilient as we move forward. We have had more than 90% of our projects continue and some 
of the ones which were closer to go-live have deferred it at least, but none of the customers have 
dropped off or canceled their business. 100% of the Evosys team has moved to remote working 
environment. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Also, the new order book and pipeline continues to flow in. So Oracle recently closed its Q4 at 
the end of May. And we had Q4 which was better than the Q4 that we had last year. So, we 
continue to have new customers flowing; we have more than 30-customers logos that we signed 
in, in this quarter also, and various transactions which had multi-million dollar values in order 
book. 
 
Going forward, I think on the cloud business side, with COVID I think it is an opportunity in 
disguise for us as an organization. Digitization or cloud or automation has always been on the 
agenda of most of the companies. However, I think this is going to push that agenda much more 
ahead in the list that the clients had. For example, all the customers who had already moved to 
a cloud platform I think are finding it much more easier to operate their business than the ones 
who are in the midst of transition or are thinking of transition. And now I think everybody is 
going to move around looking at that automation in a hurry and which is really big and important 
opportunity for us as we try to build an environment where you can work remotely, have a much 
secured environment which takes the latest and the best of technology, automation, all of it 
together and provides the environment that is much more safe and secure. So, I think it is going 
to become a much more business essential item than good to have kind of initiative that was 
there three months back maybe. 
 
On the Oracle business side also, I think Oracle continues to lead the market as far as the Cloud 
ERP is concerned. We are very strongly catching up on the Cloud HCM and the other cloud 
products. So, as the market starts looking at a much more holistic cloud platform, one which can 
really solve their end-to-end cloud approach right from ERP to supply chain to HCM to CX to 
technology to database, I think Oracle is the solution. We are the only ones that have a full end-
to-end footprint here and which is very well recognized by most of the analyst reports that you 
look at. So, Evosys is recognized as the leading partner for Oracle Cloud. 
 
On Evosys side, we also think that our alignment with Oracle is really working well. They see 
us as their ‘Partner of Choice’ for transitioning on-premise business to cloud. We have built 
some really strong assets that allow us to work in that direction. So we have an asset called 
Evosys Glide, which has three strong flavors. It has an Evosys Glide for eBusiness suite, it has 
an Evosys Glide for SAP and an Evosys Glide for PeopleSoft. It is an accelerator that allows us 
to migrate customers on these three legacy applications to oracle cloud platform. We have seen 
extremely good traction. We have had more than 90 customers that have already migrated from 
on-premise to cloud using the platform that we have and the results have been phenomenal. So 
with the use of the platform and going after the direct market that we are really looking at which 
is not just the Oracle installed base but also SAP and PeopleSoft installed base, I think the market 
opportunity is phenomenal that we are looking out for. It is only about our capability to deliver 
and grow is going to be the constraint that we would have that we have to look out for. 
 
So, I think all in all, we are seeing a really good Q4. We are seeing pipe continuously come in. 
We are seeing order books continue to come in. We are seeing lots of go-lives that have happened 
over the last quarter and we continue to see many more customer success stories that would 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
come in. So, with that background in mind, I think it is been a phenomenal experience. The last 
few weeks have been really encouraging and we look forward to building a much stronger joint 
company that would expand and offer a much larger solution to our customers and a much larger 
footprint for Oracle in general. 
 
Thank you and that is a brief overview from my side. Please open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Nirmal Bari from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nirmal Bari: 
My first question is on the Evosys revenue. It was reported in the presentation that Evosys 
contribution for the current quarter is about Rs.87 crore, of which Rs.24 crore would be from 
Middle East. So, if you can give a breakup of rest of the geographical revenue for that? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you, Nirmal. So, remaining of the revenue that you are looking at is coming from the UK, 
US, Australia, New Zealand and Indian market to name a few. From a revenue point of view, 
obviously, UK and European market contribute a lot more compared to US market and Australia 
and New Zealand market, so that is where the rest of the revenues are coming from. 
Nirmal Bari: 
So that was my second question, actually, what would be the organic growth rate in UK for us 
in the current quarter because there is a jump and some of that is coming from Evosys? 
Abhishek Singh: 
You are looking at Mastek in terms of the core services? So, we have experienced 6% to 7% 
quarter-on-quarter growth in the geography. 
Nirmal Bari: 
The second question was on the government services. So, I believe you have started classifying 
NHS as a separate health vertical. Is that understanding correct? 
Abhishek Singh: 
NHS as well as the healthcare customers that comes as part of the Evosys acquisition, we have 
got a decent footprint across the world as part of Evosys service offerings in the healthcare 
customers. So yes, we have picked up NHS as well as all the other healthcare customers to show 
it separately. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
First is on the outlook for June quarter. US, I am assuming the hit will be more in 1Q because 
last quarter we only had March as the shutdown impacted retailers. And third is also if you could 
add Evosys FY ‘20 numbers in dollar terms? 
Abhishek Singh: 
See, Mohit, the first question on the US business, actually we experienced significant impact in 
Q4. Q4 to Q1 we do not see any significant movement either way. I would say that what you 
have is a reasonable representation.  

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Mohit Jain: 
UK, what is your outlook given that order book is coming off, but Brexit is behind us. So, what 
is your overall outlook in the UK business? 
John Owen: 
The order book at the moment there is a deferral. So we are getting a lot of extension orders for 
two quarters as they basically renew some of their contracts. So the order cover is not as strong 
as it should be, but the government particularly are not giving out longer-term contracts, they 
are just bridging at the moment. We expect that to be corrected over probably the next two 
quarters. I think the UK government generally are looking at going back to austerity. Although 
they released their spending review budgets for fiscal ‘19 and ‘20 in January, they have reversed 
those already and the budgets are coming under about 15-20% reduction. So I think government 
are adapting and sort of trying to absorb that shock and recut their plans. But, if I look at the 
pipeline coming through probably the next quarter, it is robust from a pipeline perspective. I 
think we have just got to be cautious because I do see things being maybe moved to the right a 
little from an order book perspective which means that we get a smaller order book just to bridge 
that gap if that makes sense. So the market is robust in the public sector. I think the private sector 
is troubled and I think we will see a lot more softness as we come out of Brexit because I think 
when furloughs starts to be reversed, I think the true unemployment figures in the UK will start 
to be reflected. But I think we can offset that with a strong public sector order book. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, you are not anticipating significant decline in the June quarter given your order backlog and 
others? 
John Owen: 
I think we are looking at stability is probably the right word, and stability has plus or minus, but 
we are not falling off a ledge like lots of people if you were in say hospitality or transportation, 
I mean that is a desperate sector to be part of. We are not in that situation by any stretch. So 
stability would be the word. 
Mohit Jain: 
Lastly, on Evosys, how has the business moved on QoQ and what were FY ‘20 numbers from 
YoY comparison perspective? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Mohit, in terms of the business growth, we have seen Evosys has experienced 10-12% organic 
revenue growth year-on-year in fiscal ‘20 versus fiscal ‘19 and on a normalized basis baring all 
the acquisition and transaction-related expenses, we are looking at 18% to 20% EBITDA profile 
of the business. 
Mohit Jain: 
Any deterioration from last quarter to this quarter, how much was the impact? Anything you are 
anticipating in 1Q? 
Abhishek Singh: 
As I shared earlier, the business has had some impact for sure where the customers were not 
taking the delivery or they were deferring the go-lives and same thing on the sales side where 
they had relatively tepid last 10 to 15-days of the quarter. But having said that, Oracle’s favorable 
seasonality is the month of May wherein they gone from June to May cycle. So we are in one of 
the better quarters and we expect the momentum to continue. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhu Babu from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhu Babu: 
Sir, considering this is an exceptional situation most of the companies are giving a guidance for 
1Q. So could you give us any view on how much the decline because larger vendors are saying 
5-7% kind of Q-o-Q decline in revenue, so for us, how it is going to shape up because I guess 
Evosys will have an incremental revenue for the next quarter so could you quantify how much 
incremental from Evosys will come and how the overall portfolio will span out in 1Q? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Madhu, the obvious benefit would be of the full quarter consolidation. Part of the business was 
consolidated for two months. That was the demerged part of the business. Middle East business 
was down only for a month. So there we will get a full three months impact there. So those 
would be the natural augmentation on the business. On the core services side, we expect a stable 
quarter as John alluded to it. So all in it will obviously be positive and higher from the levels 
that we are at. 
Madhu Babu: 
So that incremental revenue from Evosys on a steady state, how much it will be – Rs.4 million, 
5 million quarter-on-quarter because of the full impact of consolidation? Because $12 million 
we had this quarter and if it is $68 million kind of annual, it is almost like $17 million quarterly 
run rate. So... 
Abhishek Singh: 
You have already deduced that, Madhu Babu, it is fairly close. 
Madhu Babu: 
Last one on the share count. We have to take factor a dilution as well, right, for FY‘21, the fresh 
28.4 million kinds of shares post-dilution. 
Abhishek Singh: 
Yes, once NCLT approval comes, and those shares will be issued. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Sachin Kasera: 
On this Evosys, from what I understand from the presentation at the time of acquisition, they 
were running at 22%, 23% EBITDA margin in FY‘19 in LTM what we had shared. So in FY‘20, 
is there some sort of correction in EBITDA margin Evosys has seen or...? 
Abhishek Singh: 
That is right, Sachin. There is a significant investment made in the training workforce for 
fulfillment of the upcoming project. So this is a business where you hired the freshers and put 
them through three to four months training process and then two months on-job training where 
they are not necessarily billable. So the growth that we are seeing, part of that cost was already 
taken in early January and some of that will impact us in fiscal ‘21 as well as the trainees are 
going through the training process. But, it is part of the business growth cost rather than any kind 
of quality of earnings dilution, Sachin. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
Sachin Kasera: 
Secondly, on the US business excluding Evosys if we see the core business of Mastek, I think 
we had a sharp correction this quarter. So you were going through a rough patch there, then two, 
three quarters, we saw some improvement, again this quarter, there is a correction. So what is 
the road map out there? Are we looking in terms of some sort of a call to be taken, closing it 
down or is there again some more strategy to again get back on track, can you just help on that? 
John Owen: 
That operation came by an acquisition and it was heavily dominated by the retail space and the 
retail has been a rollercoaster and I fully respect and we are not out of the woods. I think if I 
look at it and go back to a little bit that Umang talked about, in retail, Oracle probably is 
competitive in the retail where the Oracle Cloud Commerce. But in the ERP space, they are 
absolutely a market leader and I think ERP is their core of their business. So, I think the 
combined assets of Evosys and Mastek will start to give us a better platform. But, it is more 
about we have stabilized, it is not a drain, and we are taking corrective action. If I look at some 
of the projects over the next two quarters… and I am conscious I’ve said this before, so it comes 
with a health warning, I feel we have got some stability. We have certainly upgraded the caliber 
of the sales organization, and we are starting to see traction with the pipeline and we are starting 
to win some new logos. But I think it is a wait and see, not we need to either knee-jerk into doing 
something and retrench or we are going to expand massively. It is a wait and see, build the 
traction and then start to break out from that smaller base. 
Sachin Kasera: 
On new order wins, from what I understand, we had invested substantial resources in terms of 
trying to bid for the larger order wins. And I think that new leadership team has spent lots of 
time at the Mastek. So are we seeing some signs of we being participating in some of the larger-
sized order books and we could see some success maybe Q3 or Q4 onwards, what is your sense 
on that? 
John Owen: 
Yes, I would share that sort of timing of Q3, Q4. I think they will come out of the UK in the 
public sector side. I think with respect trying to compete the new logos in the private sector is 
difficult at the moment particularly when you cannot go meet people. So we are all in sort of 
lockdown. So, I think there is a natural retrenchment to your existing supplier base. But if I look 
at the pipeline, the deal flow coming through the UK public sector and health is we are 
broadening our account base outside just the home office, the NHS and the MOD. So we are 
broadening that base. And as you say the average order value is getting higher as well. But I 
would expect those to start to flow through Q3, Q4. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, first question is Evosys for FY’20, you are saying has done 10-12% organic growth but I 
see around Rs.300-odd crores in 4Q by Evosys. So, what has been the order book growth rate 
for Evosys from FY‘19 to FY‘20? 
Abhishek Singh: 
The order book growth rate is roughly in the order of 35-40% year-on-year. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Secondly, because of this COVID crisis, you have work from home, travel restrictions. So while 
we understand that there is a gap in terms of order book growth, but what can be the net cost 
savings quarterly for the organization given that a lot of the expenses are not being incurred from 
both fixed and variable perspective? 
Abhishek Singh: 
I will give you a few perspectives on this one. The very obvious biopic one that comes across is 
that you do not have travel expenses; you do not have hospitality, boarding, lodging, those kinds 
of expenses. But at the same time, you do have customer ramp downs or rate reduction ask or 
for that matter you have to invest into enhancing your cyber security platforms and 
infrastructure. So while there is an optical reduction, but there are enough and more investments 
also that go hand-in-hand to ensure that there is seamlessness with the customer as well as 
employee engagement. So I would not take away or discount the fact that there would not be 
another $1 million or $2 million that would come on an annual basis, but I guess it also comes 
up with its own set of costs which is hidden in various other pockets. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Any ballpark savings in terms of overall operational cost that you can do this year apart from 
saving on the hikes for the employees? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Employees are key to the organization success. So they are not just looked upon as a means of 
saving cost. We have participated in this decision and we have taken them along to say that this 
is a balance of how do we service our customer, retain a healthy bench and deliver to the remits 
that are going to come in three to six months’ time based on what we see in the business, for 
example, I just mentioned that at Evosys we have hired 100 to 150 trainees earlier part of the 
year. We need to hire some more in the Q2 timeframe. So you have to balance this with various 
other puts and takes that are there. But yes, if you were to hard and fast quantify it, let us just 
say, a couple of million dollars is not off. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
On the US side, all the restructuring is done now or we will continue to see restructuring cost 
affecting us? And bad debt and restructuring, is it over on the US side? 
Abhishek Singh: 
So US restructuring happened last year itself, that is done and dusted. Under Raman’s leadership, 
the new management team is in place. All the sales positions have been hired and that is through. 
As far as bad debt is concerned, what is visible is clearly accounted for and we are trying to 
collect ahead of time or work with the customers to ensure that this is not repeated not in this 
magnitude for sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Aggarwal from Principal AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Sir, just wanted to understand how should we look at your margins going into FY21, majorly 
1Q and then FY‘21 please? 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Abhishek Singh: 
So I would say that this quarter, it has been a tad higher than what a normalized basis we would 
like to see or we would see it actually. And the reason for that is the business combination that 
comes across on account of Evosys consolidation because it is not the full quarter intact, some 
businesses off for two months, yet other businesses off by just a month, so it will balance itself 
out. But mid-teens is a good reference on a consolidated basis, Ashish. 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
So 15%-16% should be the level we should look at? 
Abhishek Singh: 
15% is what I endeavor for. 16% is what you wish for. 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
But will there be a sharp drop in 1Q or it will be just stable across the four quarters? 
Abhishek Singh: 
We do not see any reason for any sharp drop unless there are some customer level developments. 
For now what we see is a relative stability. 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
So going into FY‘21, it is very clear, retail will be the weak vertical and compensated by the 
government vertical as well as the health. Am I right in assuming that? 
Abhishek Singh: 
That is right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care PMS. Please go ahead. 
Amit Doshi: 
My question is for Umang. With reference to Evosys, while we have discussed that you had 
10%-12% organic growth last year and you also mentioned that this COVID-19 will push your 
cloud platform business much faster. So with reference to that, can you give some idea as to 
what your pre-COVID growth targets for 2021 versus post-COVID in reference to that cloud 
platform business? 
Umang Nahata: 
I think we are looking at upwards to 20% is what was our pre-COVID targets and we would 
have had not more than 300, 400 basis points revision. So still we are eyeing around 18-20%. 
We were high 30s earlier, maybe we are around 18-20% now. 
Amit Doshi: 
Anything you can give a breakup in the sense of organic versus cross-selling, I mean, considering 
the merger and the new client-based access that you will have vis-à-vis Mastek? 
John Owen: 
Amit, we are trying to account separately with the core business of Evosys keeping that financial 
integrity of its own business like-for-like and the core business of Mastek like-for-like. The 
column-2 is accretive and those numbers do not come in. And at the moment, we are still trying 
to model that. Although we have won £4 million contract, we are still building the pipeline, we 
are still actually looking at that and that will get reported later in the year. So cross-selling at the 
moment is not baked in. 
Amit Doshi: 
By then cross-selling benefits you see it coming in or when you intend to start it? 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
John Owen: 
I think we have started, but I think we would have more confidence when we have had a couple 
of quarters under our belt to be brutally honest. 
Amit Doshi: 
In terms of margin, like you mentioned that there were pay cuts and executive team also took 
some cuts on that front and apart from this work from home cost saving, of course, there will be 
some sort of, as Abhishek did mention about some additional infrastructure cost on work from 
home, would it not by some way at least improve our margin profile considering that you gave 
a bit of a stability as far as current quarter is concerned or what you may likely see going forward 
compared to peers which you mentioned your strength is, so would not the margin profile 
improve, which Abhishek mentioned as you know 15% as is target so to say? 
John Owen: 
We are still trying to find stability and we found it with our UK public, we found it with our 
Evosys. I think the market has still got to digest COVID a little bit and its response. But I will 
let Abhishek give you a more sort of structured answer to that. 
Abhishek Singh: 
Thanks, John. So the answer is, yes, we are always looking for efficiencies and initiatives that 
can help us augment it, but I would also give a counterbalance that the simple example of cross-
sell is not going to happen without its own share of investment. It needs an investment and it 
needs a dedicated focus. So on a balance we look for a stable operating EBITDA profile and 
year-on-year as you can look at it last fiscal ’20 gone by, we were mid 12%-13% of the range. 
And with the combined organization, we are upping our ambition to get towards the mid-teens. 
And as the business stabilizes and leverage happens, I do not see a reason why we could not 
have a northward trajectory from that level itself. But then again, there are enough and more 
moving parts here right now for us to project anything further than that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirmal Bari from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirmal Bari: 
Most of my questions have been answered. There was one question on the current asset side that 
saw a steep increase in the consolidated balance sheet from Rs.49 crores to Rs.149 crores. So 
what would be the key component in there? 
Abhishek Singh: 
It is mostly on account of consolidation with Evosys. Arun, you have any specifics to add there 
please? 
Arun Agarwal: 
Perhaps you are right. It is predominantly because we have completely integrated Evosys into 
our consol financials. So there is a movement because of that as well. 
Nirmal Bari: 
The second thing is on Evosys. We do not have any cash payment to pay out to make as of now. 
It would just be the share issue that is pending. Is that correct or...? 
Abhishek Singh: 
That is right. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sir, just on this payment for Evosys acquisition, so the cash that you have paid out is for the 70% 
stake, right? And for the remaining 10% that we buy every year there will be an additional cash 
and stock that will have to be paid, is it correct sir? 
Abhishek Singh: 
That is right. 
Sachin Kasera: 
And when does it become due the next 10%, means, is it from timeline like put or call, something 
like that? 
Abhishek Singh: 
September ‘21, September ‘22, September ‘23. 
Sachin Kasera: 
On this cash flow from operations, you have seen significant improvement. So going forward, 
should we look at the ’19-20 as the average in terms of the cash flow to EBITDA conversion, is 
that a fair metrics to work with? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Biggest problem is that everything has just been shaken on two counts -- one is COVID, another 
one is we have just integrated a very large organization. So, I would say if you have to model 
you take your floors and caps. Obviously, we will not go down to the FY‘19 levels because there 
is a method that we have developed and we are driving our business on that. But that obviously 
was exceptional year and on a very clean basis. As COVID has changed everything on that we 
will see some impact there for sure. 
Sachin Kasera: 
You mentioned that you continue to evaluate the non-core assets. So you mentioned one is the 
remaining 40% stake in Majesco. Do you continue to still evaluate the real estate because I 
believe the post-COVID that segment may see some sort of a softening in terms of demand or 
are we continuing to aggressively look in terms of monetizing the real estate also? 
John Owen: 
The strategic direction of divesting non-core assets and reinvesting in the core business remain 
solid. But, you are right, there may be a timing of those divestments. We do not want to remain 
as a 40% investor in Majesco. So, at the right time, at the right price, that will be divested as will 
real estate. But at the moment, as you quite rightly say, it is probably not the right time. But I 
will let Abhishek give a more structured answer. 
Abhishek Singh: 
The key point is that absolutely it is there. Probably we may have just use of the asset as well. 
But the way we are growing with our Evosys part of the business and the footprint that we have 
in Pune as a city. So, everything is under evaluation and balanced. Depending upon the offers 
and the timing, we will take a call. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Post-Evosys in terms of how we look at dividend payouts? 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Abhishek Singh: 
Nothing abrupt or severe. I would not say it post-Evosys. It should be post-COVID and how it 
impacts the business. But at a policy level, no significant changes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
The first question is for Umang. If you can give some commentary on your Middle East business, 
particularly with the oil crash and what kind of response are you now seeing in that part of the 
business? And if you can comment on your growth rates in FY‘20 and beyond for that particular 
side of business? 
Rakesh Raman: 
Sarvesh, from the Middle East perspective, the COVID and the oil impact started around end of 
February and first week of March. So inspite of that, the Q1 has been relatively stable for us 
compared to the general market conditions. And we have seen an increase in the revenues as 
well as gross margins across most of the countries in the GCC region. So, if you look at our 
overall business, in spite of the lockdown, we have managed to add around four to five new 
accounts in the first quarter. And the collections from our existing accounts also have been pretty 
stable unlike what most of the companies predicted that with the COVID and oil prices, the 
collections in general would go in the negative. So, what we have seen till now has been 
relatively positive not very bad compared to what the general perception was. Having said that, 
from the delivery perspective, what we have also observed is some of the projects did face some 
delays in terms of the go-lives because of the initial knee-jerk reaction that most of the clients 
had which did impact the revenues to some extent, but later on, after the initial two to three 
weeks, it picked up and we were able to manage the deliveries pretty well. So, we are now taking 
it on a quarter-to-quarter basis. The Q1 and Q2 seems to be relatively okay where we see at least 
10% growth in both revenues as well as in the gross margins. On top of that, what we are also 
embarking on is a clear list of steps to increase our gross margin. Our gross margins last year 
was pretty lower than what we anticipated and that is where we have actually taken and executed 
certain steps starting from February which we have already seen the results in Q1 where our 
gross margin improvement would definitely be more than 20-30% from the previous quarter and 
that is going to sustain in the Q2 and Q3 as well. So that is broadly the outlook that we see for 
the Middle East in spite of the COVID and the oil impact. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Second question is for John. I think my understanding of your UK organic business is that on 
the government side we will see some stability with our order book not increasing much till the 
second half of this year because governments would want to commit to smaller projects. But on 
the retail side, are we going to see lower levels of revenues or are we seeing stability continuing, 
so if you can throw some color on the UK retail? 
John Owen: 
The UK retail, if you think about it, we shut the economy three months ago and I think the effect 
on that was for our customers revenue dropped 90%, 95% and some customers have furloughed 
probably 60%, 70% of their workforce. That has got to have a profound impact on the economy. 
And we are no different, we are not isolated or insulated from that. What I think we will do from 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
UK geography is we will be able to offset the worst case of that retail space with the solid public 
sector. So I think where we are seeing the UK is it is stable, but it is not having sort of the peaks 
or the troughs that we are seeing in other competitors at the moment because we do have an 
element of our business is incredibly solid with a customer who is sovereign debt and you are 
going to get paid. Unfortunately, as the economic impact filters through the economy, I think 
there will be corporate failures, corporate bankruptcies and I think we would not be impacted 
that severely there. But if you are talking about growth and profitability, I do not see anything 
coming in, in the first half of the year up until probably next calendar year from the UK private 
sector which means that we have to really fire quicker on the public sector and the cloud 
migration. So it is in the round, we are stable, but underneath that, there is a massive amount of 
churn particularly in the private sector. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Daniel from Entropy Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Daniel: 
Sir, you have milestone driven payments for Evosys September ‘21, ‘22 and ‘23. Now post-
COVID, has the milestones been changed or it remains as it was? 
Abhishek Singh: 
No, it remains the same, Jay. 
Jay Daniel: 
So can you give us some more color on what kind of payments and what kind of equity dilution 
will happen? 
Abhishek Singh: 
We will be looking at 14%-15 dilution for the demerger part of the business. The shares would 
be issued post the NCLT approval. We expect that timeframe to be anywhere between four to 
five months from where we are right now. And from there onwards, the plan is structured to buy 
10% every year which is split into 70% cash and 30% equity portion. So, if you look at the 
current valuation, if you do 10% of that, 30% of that would go in the form of equity, 70% of that 
will go in the form of cash in the remaining three years. 
Jay Daniel: 
And this is subject to milestones being achieved, right or there is no milestone? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Yes, this is an EBITDA performance-based grid. So higher the EBITDA achievement better 
would be the payout and vice versa. 
Jay Daniel: 
But, as things stand today, you will have to make 70% payment in cash and 30% in equity? 
Abhishek Singh: 
That is right. 
Jay Daniel: 
And that will be 10% every year of current valuation? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Of the then valuation. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
June 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Jay Daniel: 
In case of Evosys, you said that you are looking at somewhere around 18-20% growth. 
Considering the challenges Mastek’s organic business faces, that means your Mastek core 
business, existing business will see no growth in the current year? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Yes and no, Jay. From where we stand right now, just out of the COVID impact in US business 
and in the UK retail, we start from a base which has shrunk a bit. Most of our customers with 
discretionary spend have had some or the other reduction or stand down ask. By the same token, 
they have asked for increase as well because it may have been a knee-jerk reaction on their side. 
So for every organization, it is what everyone tells us optically is a 5%-10 growth or degrowth 
is essentially a significant compression followed by the expansion. The net result of that could 
be 5% degrowth or 5% growth. We are no different at this point. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing comments. Thank you. And over to you. 
John Owen: 
Okay. Thank you for joining this call. I think in these type of crisis, we all go back to our sort of 
stability and stability is the word. Cash is king. And I think what we have shown is our cash 
management has been good and we will continue to be focused on that as Abhishek shared. And 
it is all about finding stability. And I think at the moment of this crisis, we are still in the early 
phases of it and the true impact has not really filtered through. But hopefully you see with our 
“Cut & Grow” strategy, we have taken that quick and decisive action. And it is a two-sided coin. 
We can neither cut our way to success nor can we just blindly invest and grow our way. We have 
got to balance that two-sided coin. I think we have made a good start at the end of Q4 and we 
are taking that into Q1. Hopefully, you have seen that the acquisition has provided stability and 
that will be a basis for long-term growth. And you can see that our UK public sector can also be 
a significant growth engine for the organization. So, for me, my parting words in summary are 
we think we have got a resilient business model. We have got resilient customers. We have got 
a very resilient operating model with our people. I think we have got the experience to navigate 
through this from a business perspective based on the experience we gained through last year 
through Brexit and we have the financial strength to navigate and absorb any punches that come 
in from left field. So, it is all about execution. I look forward to sharing our Q1 performance in 
probably about 60-days now. And I think that will give us another check point. But our message 
is we have a plan, we are executing it, we hope the impact on Mastek is shallower than our 
competitors and our recovery is faster, and I think that is the mindset we have got, and we are 
executing to that plan. So thank you for your support and thank you for your questions. And we 
look forward to updating you in the near future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Mastek Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
