 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
Corp. Off.: 4th Floor, Antriksh Bhawan, 22 K.G. Marg, New Delhi- 110 001, INDIA 
Tel.:+91-11-23324443, 23712025, E-mail: corporate@morepen.com, Website:www.morepen.com  
CIN NO. L24231 HP1984PLC006028 
 
Plant & Regd. Off.: Morepen Village, Malkumajra, Nalagarh Road, Baddi, Distt. Solan (H.P.) -173205 
Tel.: +91-1795-266401-03, 244590, Fax: +91-1795-244591, E-mail: plants@morepen.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 03/07/2020 
 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Tel No: (022) 26598100 - 8114 
Fax No: (022) 26598120 
Symbol: MOREPENLAB 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Phones: 91-22-22721233/4 
Fax: 91-22-2272 3121 
Scrip Code: 500288 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors and Analyst Conference Call on Results for 
Q4 FY 2019-2020 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of Investors and Analyst Conference Call 
organised on Monday, 29th June, 2020 at 12.00 Noon (IST) subsequent to 
declaration of Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended 31st 
March, 2020. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Morepen Laboratories Limited 
 
Vipul Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. as above. 
                             
 
                   
VIPUL 
KUMAR 
SRIVASTA
VA
Digitally signed 
by VIPUL KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2020.07.03 
16:27:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Morepen Laboratories Limited Q4 FY2020  
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 29, 2020 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. VASTUPAL SHAH- KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUSHIL SURI– CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY SHARMA– CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - MOREPEN 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Morepen Laboratories 
Limited Q4 FY2020 earnings Conference Call hosted by Kirin Advisors 
Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vastupal Shah from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
Vastupal Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I would like to welcome Mr. Sushil 
Suri, Chairman and Managing Director, Morepen Laboratories Limited and 
Mr. Ajay Sharma, CFO of the company. Sushil Sir, over to you! 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you Mr. Shah and thank you to all the investors who have joined 
online. I am sure many people are still joining. First of all, we must share 
our feelings with you that we are in lockdown for so long and I hope you 
guys are safe and families are safe, your loved ones are safe and my general 
suggestion is please stay safe, do not try to unlock yourself whatever we are 
doing we have all been doing for one common call that we save our lives. 
We have all gone through challenging time in the last few months and I 
think we did not meet in the quarter after December also we are chatting 
after longtime. I would just like to share with you the feelings which we all 
are going through in this troubled time difficult times, but thankfully as a 
pharma company we had lot more responsibilities, than staying home. I 
would like to share that your company had been working all the four months 
rather from March onwards, mid-March onwards to fight whatever little 
battle we can at our end and except for one day when we had a Janata 
curfew when everything was closed, we had not closed the factory even for 
one day except may be small little plus minus one shift, half shift but just to 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 24 
share with you that we had been working all along to keep up the factories 
open, for the welfare of all stake holder at large and welfare our customers, 
patient and all the medical fraternity which we are part of. So just happy to 
share that as we stand today all over the factories are working, I would say 
“100%”. I mean, there may be some things which are not functional because 
of the lockdown in certain areas but manpower has been arrived and all 
people are on board except few senior people who are still working from 
home in the factory. So we had difficult times in the month of March, April, 
May, in the June it started opening up and I would like to share that since 
our plants are in Himachal, so Himachal had been very protective and very 
few cases in Himachal and our staff and all the other senior members they 
come from neighboring states which is Punjab, Chandigarh, Haryana and if 
you know the area it is Chandigarh, Panchkula, Kalka. Our plants are in 
Baddi and Masulkhana. So we had some difficulty, usual difficulty from 
bringing in people, staff buses were not permitted and you might be hearing 
a lot about worker problem, migration problem thankfully there was nothing 
like this for us in the Himachal. Most of our workers are local and they are 
based to Himachal only so they could walk down to the factories or through 
cycles or bikes but we had problem for the staff but from May onwards the 
staff buses been allowed on a selected basis.  In June, they have given 
permit for our 10 buses and 20 vehicles cars and vans and Innova and 
personal vehicles so now we are I would say 80% to 90% functional, 
everything is okay and staff is available and we are out of that so called 
turbulent times which we were going through. We still have issues like the 
buses, our capacity is only half, we have to maintain the social distancing, 
we cannot have buses to the full capacity and every bus is having limited 
number of people with the list attached and we have to go for thermal 
checkup of temperature and then social distancing, we have to maintain all 
the norms at the factory also but it is part of life and this is the new norm or 
new normal which we all are going through, so just to assure you that 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 24 
everything is okay, normal and we had been in a difficult time, but I would 
say not difficult but challenging time we have gone through that, so hope 
you guys are also comfortable and we should keep spirit up whatever 
happens. Our Delhi office and corporate office are still not open and we are 
still trying to keep so called social distancing. Our warehouses are working 
and dispatches are going, online dispatches are going so no pressure from 
that point of view.  
Now coming specifically to the quarter which has gone by which is March 
quarter, it was not a COVID quarter per se, but I think the last two week 
itself has disturbed overall game and you would appreciate as the pharma 
industry and most of the other industry there is something like a billing 
cycle. There is production cycle where our batches come and finished 
toward the end of the month usually in the third, fourth week and our billing 
cycle which operates on the end of month, so most of the shipments are 
dispatched usually in the last week and rather I would say sometime even 
30%-40% sales are done on the last day if it is does not happen to be a 
weekend. So just to share with you the numbers which already have been 
circulated to you, you have got a copy of the press release, investor 
presentation is already on board, it is already there in the website and it had 
been circulated in the stock exchanges. I hope you guys have gone through 
that, but I will just give you internal view where we were and what has 
happened because we got this sudden impact of the COVID.  
So the company as a whole for the nine months we were growing at 18% 
and we were expecting that we will close the year at 20% growth and March 
quarter was expected to be good, but it fine so in the March quarter we have 
degrown by 5% for reasons you all know. So our top line has which was last 
year March quarter was Rs. 219 Crores so we were expecting anywhere 
between 228 Crores to 230 Crores but we had to close 208 Crores because 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 24 
last minute I would say, all shipments were held up domestic, export all 
flights were frozen, inputs were frozen, outgoing flights were frozen. Still, I 
think on March 30 to March 31 some domestic dispatches could go, even 
one or two export shipments could leave. But the effect was that we had a 
accumulate inventory and there was a stop of flow of the debtors. But still, 
we have been able to manage the show and to support government’s effort 
for the complete lockdown we also stopped the dispatches, so we completed 
whatever batches were in process. There was a difficulty in transport, local 
transport, highway transport, getting incoming flights, outgoing flights, 
getting material from China, getting material from Europe. It was extremely 
difficult because there was no passenger flights only cargo flights were there 
and cargo flights were also restricted, but thankfully everything is behind us 
now the flights are operational but the flights charges has gone up, freight 
had gone up because of the limited flights, the freight charging have gone up 
cost of production has gone up but we will live with that. It is the part of the 
life, we will go through that.  
So coming to the numbers, against an annual number of Rs. 772 Crores last 
year we have clocked at Rs. 862 Crores which is an increase of 11.7%, 
which was I would say, if we have gone at same speed we could have been 
may be up to 20%, but we are happy with 11% now. Whatever has 
happened because, there is no physical loss of the goods, our goods were in 
pipeline in the process so the same goods will be dispatched in the next 
quarter or they are having dispatched in the next quarter, so there is a no 
physical loss to the company per se. In some sectors there is a slowdown 
which we will come to. Now if you go sector wise, in exports we have 
grown 10%, domestic we have grown 12%, 11.7% in the growth in spite of 
one bad patch. Within the API business which is our core business and 
constitutes around 56% of the company, company turnover over, so we were 
growing at 35% till December, this is for the nine months so it is 25%, 35% 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 24 
for domestic, 22% more exports, so here we had major drawback, export 
shipments are stopped and we had 16% drop in the fourth quarter in one 
month itself rather against Rs. 95 Crore exports in the previous quarter we 
had only Rs. 79 which was expected to be more than Rs. 100 crores, so I 
think this is where the major loss we lost some 20 to 25 Crores top line 
which has been recovered in the next month, some orders might have been 
lost, but it is fine.  
On the domestic front we gained some momentum against Rs. 30 Crores we 
did Rs. 33 Crores, but overall domestic business has survived and we had 
28% growth in the domestic sector also. Overall API has grown by 15% and 
this certainly will recover much better. We will be able to gain the growth 
what we were doing earlier also. Till nine months we were at 25% growth 
so we are hopeful if not 25% may be 22%-23% somewhere between the 
same ranges we will be able to do that. Diagnostic is one sector, the 
diagnostic devices where we had BP monitor, glucometer, thermometer, 
non-contact thermometer, we launched so this is where there was not any 
effect, so there was not much impact I would say. In the last quarter we had 
rather a better sale not any COVID product but in general we had more sale 
of glucometers and BP meters and we as a division as whole it had grown 
by 20%, 20.46%, so this is good. Then there is a slowdown in finished 
dosages at both level, in the factory where we have contract manufacturing 
and private label. And there even till December it was degrowing, it had 6% 
degrowth but in this quarter In March quarter it has degrown at 40% which 
is a big loss so we have lost a turnover of around Rs. 20 Crore here also in 
the quarter, so which I think is perhaps loss of sale which we will not 
recover because the medical services are still struggling, the OPD facility 
were closed, many of the clinics were closed, doctors are still not 
entertaining medical reps, patients are not going to the doctor, they do not 
want to crowd, doctors also do not want, some doctors are old they have not 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 24 
even opened the clinic, so this may take some time and this is actual loss of 
sale which is not in case of API. Finished dosage in the branding segment 
we were growing at 21% but in the last quarter we have grown only by 9% 
so overall 19%, so net-net if you see we have degrown in the generic 
business which is not a very high value, but strategically also we wanted not 
to focus there but otherwise also the market is also not supporting.  
Then if we go to the product wise category so in the API business some 
products are doing good some products have fared very well, for example 
Montelukast was growing at 36% for nine months, but in the last quarter 
March quarter we were not able to ship the goods so we have degrown 
overall 18% growth. Atorvastatin was growing at 46% but last quarter again 
was negative so overall 24%, so I would say some gain, some losses. 
Overall 15% growth in the API, but domestic business has grown very well, 
in domestic business, Atorvastatin has almost 163% growth in nine months, 
93% growth in the year as a whole. Then new molecules have shown very 
good growth in a year as a whole 119% growth. Some gain, some losses, but 
overall we are happy, diagnostics I shared with you. 
Coming to the Dr. Morepen which is our OTC brand, they are our normal 
bread & butter, they were all stuck up in quarter ending March and only 
growth was coming was from grooming business where we have personal 
care. But overall Dr. Morepen we have grown by 18% and company as a 
whole we have grown by 11%. Those are numbers, but beyond numbers 
what we see is two things that while this COVID thing was happening and I 
shared with you that company had been going through different challenges 
so we have been able to find the new business model which is primarily, I 
would say COVID care, or may be COVID essentials. So in the month of 
March itself when the lockdown was already happening in China and India 
was still thinking so we had started working, or rather preparing ourselves in 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 24 
the month of March itself we had launched our sanitizer which was alcohol 
based sanitizer 70% alcohol and we had done a good sales even though 
other sales were not there for other products but even during the lockdown 
about 10 days – 15 days, last 10 days also we were able to sell some of the 
sanitizer which we had just started manufacturing and outsourcing also but 
that was just a start but to share with you that after last three months 
including up to June we have launched more than 20 products rather 23 
products of different ranges and variations for the COVID care, COVID 
essential we call it. So we have hand sanitizers to begin with, then hand 
sanitizer gel then there is a rub, then there is a gel, then there is a hand wash, 
hand wash is like typical Dettol hand wash or typical outer soap hand wash 
but antibacterial property, and then our Burnol brand has got a antiseptic 
solutions which is a typical like antiseptic solution we had been using that at 
home that Dettol that kind of a thing so it is available in 100 ml, 200 ml, 500 
ml and Burnol had also come up with the medicated soap so these are all in 
different sizes available like- industrial pack, one liter pack, 5 liter pack so 
whatever is the customer requirement coming up into the market. So 
because even though we say that this so called Corona may stay or may not 
stay, but it look like for another six months we have to keep these habits on 
and maybe we develop these habits as permanent habits so we will have to 
disinfect our premises, we have to disinfect our office space, factory, gates, 
handles, so we have a disinfected spray. And you might be hearing that 
everybody in the world is talking immunity, immunity, immunity, so we 
have our Dr. Morepen Chyavanprash which has been launched, Vitamin C, 
we had already a brand called daily supplements and we have also Vitamin 
C candies, we have our own   C-Candies so we have launched Vitamin C 
candies, then haldi capsules for adults and for the kids and then a complete 
range of masks. N95 masks, KN95 masks, two ply, three ply masks and then 
gloves, nitrile gloves which are specially powder free gloves, then face 
shield. All these things have been launched in last two or three months.  

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 24 
Our team had been very busy in spite of the lockdown. People have been 
working from home and they have been chasing the vendor, chasing the 
factories, chasing the transporters and we could imagine it is very difficult 
to get raw materials during the lockdown some areas are in red zone so in 
spite of the extreme situation, our people have been able to bring about so 
many products on the consumer front. On the digital front and on the 
diagnostic front, we have launched non-contact thermometers which is 
mainly for the COVID care but this is going to be new norm that whatever 
place, whatever factory whatever institutions we visit so checking of 
temperature is going to be a new norm, Oximeter we already had in the 
range so that we had to step up productions so it is still taking some time we 
have not been able to ramp up our production because some of the sources 
are domestic and are not ae operational. But all fair and done we are happy, 
we have good range of COVID care products which is a new range which 
we have done. Some products will survive, some products will go and some 
more products will come as we talk more and more new molecules are 
coming. If you look at the online ad or watch TV for some time most of the 
ads which are coming are only related to the health things like immunity, 
hand wash, sanitizers that is the new norm which everybody is expecting.  
So that is broadly on the numbers front, and if we want to go to the results 
front that how much profit and loss and whatever we did all the year around. 
As in the year as a whole last year, we had a profit of Rs. 28.84 Crores now 
the net profit is 33.5, it will be 16.43% higher and this is after the 
adjustment in the tax, before tax last year we were Rs. 29 Crores now it is 
Rs. 39 Crores, we are almost Rs.10 Crores increase in the current year. This 
is 34% increase, so if we go by the previous standard in nine months our 
profit was up by 50% so maybe we have retained that speed on that ratios 
but because of the COVID we had certainly compromised in the numbers so 
we have grown only by 34% in terms of the profit before tax so between 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 24 
before tax and after tax there is a Rs.5 crores-Rs.5.5 Crores adjustment of 
the tax because of some change of government policy they allow us to shift 
from MAT to non-MAT, so for non-MAT we had to surrender whatever 
MAT lying in our book, so we have surrendered that so there is no cash out 
go but to it was already deposited in the books and we have surrendered and 
we will go for the lower tax slab.  
That broadly I have to share with you in the numbers front and before we 
step onto the question and answer session, I would only say that we all 
know that where are we going these days and what is happening around in 
the market and there is lot of noise around China, around Corona and self-
dependence and our Honorable Prime Minister has said that we need to be 
self-reliant and pharma sector is getting more and more traction and for the 
first time we are having so many announcements regarding pharma from the 
government, from the ministry from all departments and everybody is trying 
to check what is happening, how many products, what to introduce. 
Honestly, we love it because so far government has never asked us how we 
are doing. Now, everybody is questioning some time it is irritating, but we 
love this at least somebody is concerned about it. So, pharma sector as a 
whole is getting traction. Here, we are rightly placed because we are 
hardcore API Company. So, this is what is in the discussion today. India is 
dependent on lot of API’s from China. There are 53 items which India is 
dependent so thankfully we do not have any item in those 53 drugs. So, we 
are not importing in the API we are rather producing API. So, one good 
news to share with you that you are not stressed out about it we do not have 
any of these common products most of these products are one or two step 
reaction and old products where China was more competent in pricing but 
now since government wants to discourage that I am sure Indian friends will 
come up with better solution better costing. But our situation is that as 
Morepen, your company, we are into high value drugs which are not 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 24 
produced by China. So, rather we are exporting to China. So, we are happy 
to share that China is dependent on us we are not dependent on them, we 
import only some basic intermediates and key intermediates which as on 
today are coming from China but I am sure within a period of next one to 
two years, I think they will be produced in India. And as we go forward our 
dependence on China would reduce and our import would also reduce. We 
will be self-dependent and more importantly our cost will be under control 
and our Indian industry would be flourishing more. We are working towards 
that. So when we talk of that so basically there are two areas, one of course, 
is expansion plans in terms of capacity whatever we are already producing, 
certainly getting into more intermediates, more backward integration and 
how can we go more and more backward to replace if we have an 
opportunity to produce in India lies with us. So, in case the world is looking 
at us, can we export to other countries many people are looking for 
alternative supply as China they want to switch to India. We have been 
approached by many groups named, un-named where they want to acquire a 
company, the want to buy APIs; they want to invest because everybody is 
looking for some situation in API in India. So, we are rightly placed so we 
have not taken any strategic call so far. So, we have one expansion plan so 
for expansion of our existing products line the new products that we already 
have, so we have around 30 products in the pipeline. Government had asked 
to file the proposal immediately we hear that they will be clearing all the 
proposals by 30th September. We filed it last month rather officially we got 
the receipt on 3rd of June. So, we are hopeful that by September that our plan 
will be approved, which is our complete single approval to all the things 
there will not be any delay. So, once we have the plans approved and we 
have our things in hand so, we will be expanding with our capacity with API 
and we will be certainly expanding on the markets related to API whether 
domestic or export. So, I what I am saying is that, do we need to expand and 
we need to invest in putting plants for intermediates and go for more 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 24 
backward integration so, we are working on that also but we have not filed 
any papers of any scheme for that it may take some time. So, may be when 
we meet next or may be when we have any development, we will come back 
to you.  
Second thing which is happening is on the diagnostic side, on diagnostic 
devises we are the only company in the country who is making glucometers 
in India and we are the largest manufacturers of BP monitors in India. So, 
we have the market leadership in diagnostic manufacturing in India in the 
devices sector, this is where expansion is also possible. So, here again some 
of the raw material are bought from China and may be Korea so we are 
evaluating that how the dependence can be reduced and the more and more 
things are available in India we are happy to switch to the Indian sources as 
and when possible and there are more types of the devices also. Third thing 
which I have shared with you on Dr. Morepen pack in which, we have 
already been on the range of COVID care products. So we will continue 
making our efforts in that direction also and continue investing on spreading 
Dr. Morepen awareness where in we can reach to the consumer. We are not 
getting into the vaccine and other things, we did work on anti-body kits but 
there was lot of controversy around that, we have aborted those plans. So, 
we had two products slated to COVID care which is I would say not actually 
COVID care but government has already approved Hydrochloroquine and 
Dexamethasone. So, there we have already started getting the orders we 
have yet to see that at what stage we start manufacturing so within month of 
July/Aug. I would say the coming quarter we will target supplying those two 
products also. On the finished dosage front it may be little faster. On the 
API front, government has not allowed export as yet. So we still have time, 
because we are still going for commercial trials and they need six months 
period for trial. But whenever export will be allowed we will be okay to 
export also but for domestic market or may be generic supply so far this all 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 24 
hospital supplies we are not launching these products in open market 
because as on today it is only recommended by the doctors and steroids are 
not to be taken without prescription. So, primarily all COVID care is 
happening within the hospitals only so even if a hospital doctor recommends 
you can buy from a pharmacy. So, these are the two developments on the 
COVID on the pharma side, but OTC side and diagnostic side I have shared 
with you. Broadly I would say our little journey during this quarter which 
was interesting. I am still working from home, I am having this call from 
home and last three months we have been sitting in shorts and pajamas just 
on working in zoom calls. Now, I think I will leave it to you guys if you 
have any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Vishal. Please go ahead. 
Vishal: 
I am asking what is the plan for the investor because the last two years the 
investor just having negative return from the company? 
Sushil Suri: 
Directly I will not be able to comment on the market except that the 
company is growing and quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year we are 
growing our fundamentals are good and even from a market perspective our 
price earnings ratio is improving. So, we can only comment how the 
company is performing and of course market has lot of variables on their 
own. So, I would not be able to comment much on the market perspective 
but just from a company perspective, from a growth perspective, we are 
growing and we are very happy with that growth numbers, they are coming 
up very fast. You talk of the one year return I think from a market 
perspective I am just open the computer so, last year 1st July our share price 
was Rs.18 something now I think it is Rs.23, Rs.24 about Rs.25. That last 
three months because that this COVID thing what were things happened, we 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 24 
are very happy for the same. But I would not be able to comment on the 
market reactions. 
Vishal: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saurav Bothra from Edelweiss 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Saurav Bothra: 
Good afternoon Sir. My first question is on the debt you have said earlier in 
the last three conference calls that you have been debt free. But I think the 
debt is there in the books. Can you clarify on this? 
Sushil Suri: 
I think our CFO is online Ajay can you share please? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Hello! Yes, this is Ajay CFO of the company so, the preference capital 
which is due for redemption which we issued to the lenders some time back. 
As there was carry forward losses in the balance sheet so we were not able 
to redeem up to this year. We have talked to our lenders that how we can 
handle this thing. They are inclined to go for the equity in lieu of this 
preference capital. So, though we have got some of the approvals from over 
55% of the lenders, we are talking to rest of the lenders so that we might 
convert this preference capital into the equity,  so in this way the matter of 
preference capital, will be taken care. There is no cash outgo as on date. It 
might happen that the whole thing will be taken care of, may be in the next 
coming year. 
Saurav Bothra: 
I think that is clarified, but why it is classified as a debt the question is that? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Yes, see as per the company’s act it is only a preference capital but as per 
IND-AS we have to classify into the debt, so this the thing that though it is 
not debt as such but because of IND-AS classification it has been now 
classified under the debt and it is forming part of current liability because it 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 24 
is already due for the redemption. As debt have already been serviced by the 
end March 2018 so after that there is no cash outgo, whatever you see in my 
balance sheet it is only the small car loans other than that there is no term 
loan on the balance sheet of the company. 
Saurav Bothra: 
What are other loans in the books? 
Ajay Sharma: 
That is where we have, another thing which you pointed a small say Rs.20 
Crores something in our Balance Sheet that is against the kind of working 
capital thing that is against our FD so again that FD gets 95% of the facility 
so there is no as such loan it is against our own cash deposit with the bank.  
Saurav Bothra: 
Till what time I can expect that the preferential holder will approve into the 
equity? 
Ajay Sharma: 
In fact, it already could have been done last quarter but because of COVID 
thing now we will do this financial year. 
Saurav Bothra: 
Okay, thank you. My second question is on the API business. Mr. Modi our 
Prime Minister has also said that Aatma Nirbhar Bharat and they are 
focusing on the API businesses into the India pharma company. Sir, my 
question is into this what will be the benefit to your company?  
Sushil Suri: 
Saurav I shared our view that we are a hardcore API company and I call this 
opportunity is coming into our lap so. We may be able to get in, in two 
ways, one is that our existing products will be happy the will have better 
sales.  
Saurav Bothra: 
So, what is the dependence on China can you share me your numbers? 
Sushil Suri: 
As of today, I would say 60% to 75% intermediates are coming from China 
and we produce high value drugs for which we need high value 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 24 
intermediates which are not available in India. But in case as a strategy, its 
decided, the government decides that these imports are not to be allowed, 
for example it is but temporarily they suspended and we are respecting all 
those things, but those are temporary step. But, slowly we can adapt these 
things and may be some day either we have to go for our own backwards 
integration, but there is no serious thing which cannot be made in India but 
it may take some time. 
Saurav Bothra: 
Okay, Sir my third question is on this another point is that your OTC 
businesses has been decreased in this quarter I think so. Just can you share 
me on this point? 
Sushil Suri:  
In OTC I shared with you that because of the COVID the last shipments 
because these are all related to market and distribution so, Burnol, Lemolate, 
Isabgol all the three things have gone down Grooming Business has gone 
up, grooming includes where we have personnel care products and at least 
now in the current quarter we have launched the face mask, the sanitizer and 
lot of things and some of things are sold in the March quarter also. So, 
Lamolate and Burnol because of the market condition last month sale was 
declined, I mean the last March sale was not upto the mark. So, practically I 
would say we have gone down but now as we talk today between March to 
June, the numbers are quite satisfactory, all goods have been sold under 
these categories everything is under Dr. Morepen. 
Saurav Bothra: 
Okay, my two question is more on this what is your market share in the 
domestic and in the international? 
Sushil Suri: 
Market share varies from product to product. We are market leader in 
Loratadine we are No.1 in Loratadine, we are No.1 Montelukast, we are 
No.1or 2 in Atorvastatin, we are heading towards No.1 in the Rosuvastatin, 
and we are No.1 in Glucometers, we are No.1 or 2 in the BP monitors. So, I 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 24 
would say product to product vary but where we have large number of 
player by then. In Burnol, I would not say No.1 that we are the only one in 
the burn category, in Lemolate which is a cough brand we are No.2 or No.3 
not 2 or three I would say No.7 or No.8., So, our strategy is that whatever 
we do we do we should be in the top place otherwise we do not get into that. 
Saurav Bothra: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Rajesh Gupta from 
SBICAP Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Gupta: 
Good morning Sir, and thanks for the opportunity. My question is regarding 
to the regulatory thing, after this pandemic started across the world, we have 
witnessed that the US FDA approvals for the product have really intensified. 
So, what is the current situation even generic market is really recovering or 
do you see the product approval is getting much faster as compared to 
earlier? 
Sushil Suri: 
I would say first of all I will take in two parts, one is that as per our situation 
is concerned our all facilities are approved and we do not have any issues 
with US FDA even though there were many Indian companies who had 
gone through this mess in the last two years and US FDA was becoming 
stricter and strict and your question is right that would that be more flexible 
or it will become faster. I would say that my answer is that probably 
wherever there is an urgency, urgency related to any vaccine or for even 
testing kit or even any other new products which are coming, USFDA have 
been more aggressive. But I do not think there is going to be any relaxation 
in other molecules which are in routine. So, if there a product for also 
Diabetes and Cardiac which we already have so many brands in a Diabetic 
and Cardiac I do not think we are going to cut down anything. So, my guess 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 18 of 24 
is, as India we are all prepared if any new challenges would come we are 
there. 
Rajesh Gupta: 
Right Sir, can you just through light on your product launches pipeline in 
the next let us say a few quarters or so and what kind of product we are 
looking and what is the possible market opportunity for those products? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes Rajesh, again I would say that for multiple categories there are multiple 
products, first of all we just talk about API which is our core and our focus 
is on lifestyle products which is more of chronic diseases. So, primarily we 
operate in two category which is anti-Diabetic and Cardiac. Then Diabetic 
we do all the products which are related to more of I would say Gliptin and 
Gliflozin which is again used for advanced stages of Diabetes. So, we are 
covering a range of products where patent expiry on 2020 to 2030. So any 
product where patent expiry is there in between next 7 years to 8 years we 
are doing all the products, all the pipeline is there and then on the Cardiac 
side also similarly. Then the new category which we are adding is a 
Neuropsychiatric so, which we do not have much products as on today but 
more and more products in Neuropsychiatry will also come. One or two 
products are there which are not in list so the beauty here is that in Diabetes 
and Neuro when the patient start taking a medicine so that medicine 
continues for technically rest of the life. So, we find lot of traction in that 
and we find that is the industry model and India is the capital of I would say 
the Diabetic capital and even the Cardiac capital. So, we find lot of 
opportunities and again like you said, to supplement this replacement of 
China and everybody coming so, that is the product line we have there right. 
In that diagnostic sectors we have already be in BP meters, glucometers, 
thermometers all sort of devices which you need at home so those is what 
we do, in the coming time you may feel some Bluetooth devices, connected 
devices where your data is monitored and you are getting alerts on your 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 19 of 24 
mobile phones about your sugars going up or down and then of course in the 
OTC segment we are talking more and more to the consumers. In the 
consumer segment the new thing, which you are going to hear is on the 
online, e-commerce. We have got very good response from the online see 
even during the COVID time, people sitting home or shopping for essential 
items so we have floated our new company especially focus on the e-
commerce so in a small way to begin with and we can sell the products to 
the e-commerce platform whether it is Amazon, Flipkart so that is the 
future. So, that is the broad three categories. 
Rajesh Gupta: 
Thank you for that answer. Finally, just wanted to understand in this current 
lockdown, we saw hospitals operating below their capacity and there are 
many planned surgery getting cancelled, so have you seen that the 
traditional products getting hit in terms of the volume that is the number one 
and second thing is that now you are also into various healthcare products, 
have you seen the newer products getting replaced with the these additional 
products that you used to manufacture earlier, just some color on that? 
Sushil Suri: 
I would say on the healthcare side, at least healthcare is the word, which 
have been used most I would say time in last three months everywhere, 
every TV channel, everybody is talking healthcare so the healthcare is going 
to stay, whether it is hospitals or nursing home or insurance and now is 
hotels have been converted in the hospitals and railway coaches have been 
converted into hospitals so present scenario is different because it is a 
pandemic but I would say it will only go to increase the focus on healthcare, 
our healthcare spends in India from the government per capita would 
certainly go up, our insurances will go up, I would say the defense 
mechanism would go up on the personal side and more and more people 
will be concerned about the immunity and other things so when you say 
product range, when we talk healthcare, immunity and all about this 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 20 of 24 
Ayurveda and all our homeopathy, everybody is going to come and if you 
see everybody is talking today of yoga, people are doing yoga at home, 
people are taking haldi, adrak, Kadha, whatever our grandma had been 
telling and we have been ignoring all those things are coming back and the 
maximum advertisements you see in the TV are coming to honey, giloy, 
tulsi, these are all things which we have forgotten to increase our immunity. 
I think that is one thing and particularly for younger generation who have 
been surviving on junk food, whoever having I would say sleepless nights, 
where there work cycle was disturbed, sleep cycle was disturbed, thanks to 
Netflix everybody had been waking all the night, working very hard to 
finish their series and I think that is what a change will come and as far as 
the hospitals are concerned I know that temporary there is a gap but it takes 
three years to five years to build a hospital so I am sure these hospitals will 
also come back in limelight rather there will be more demand for hospitals 
because whatever is happening temporarily down, no one would expect that 
okay that they should have three, four, five and ten hospitals in reserve, this 
Corona is not going to die, it is going to stay here for another one year, two 
year we do not know and this is not the last Corona, there would be another 
Corona lined up. So, healthcare concern is high so I would say potentially 
this will get increased. 
Rajesh Gupta: 
Right. Thank you, Sir for your answers.  
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Kumar, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
My question is related to recent notifications related to increase in 
authorized capital so last year also there was a similar notifications but due 
to SEBI ban of promoters in accessing capital markets so I think you have 
stepped down on that again I think the ban is still there till September but I 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 21 of 24 
do not know again I am seeing the same notification coming up before to 
that ban so can I know the background of it? 
Sushil Suri: 
I would say you have guessed it alright that earlier we have started that and 
there was a ban of one year and even though technically there is the stay but 
courts are closed so we are not able to get any access but in the meantime 
annual general meeting coming up so these resolutions are usually passed 
either in the annual general meetings or in an extra ordinary general 
meetings, ours annual general meeting is coming up so these resolutions will 
be put in the AGM and will be passed otherwise if you have done at that 
times so we would have to go through EGM and we have to do an extra 
effort so it is more about procedural things for getting ready and as I shared 
we knew that we have expansion plans. So once the plans were approved 
and we have a go ahead from SEBI, so we may have certainly the 
opportunities, we have not formalized but we have opportunities to go.  
Rajesh Kumar: 
Okay, so right now the promoter percentage is around 34% to 35% so post 
this capital increase, what would be the percentage that we are looking for 
promoter stake? 
Sushil Suri: 
I would not be able to comment now till we submit it, I will like to keep 
quite on this. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Junaid Sayeed, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Junaid Sayeed: 
I just wanted to find out these new items which you have started 23 items, 
how much contribution will be there for the company? 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Sushil Suri: 
In Dr. Morepen which is our subsidiary as of the current quarter I would say 
June quarter this is going to contribute around 25% to 30% but for company 
as a whole it will be around 9% to 10% so far. 
Junaid Sayeed: 
How about the margins? 
Sushil Suri: 
Margins rather I would say many items are under price control so margins 
are not very high because many prices in price control even mask in price 
control, sanitizer is in price control so a good point is that this is giving us a 
continuity in the markets for example in the medical formulation where we 
have Rx people are not going people to go to doctors and doctors are not 
meeting with medical reps and people are not going to the hospitals and 
doctors and scared off from COVID. But because of OTC so we have 
continuity in the market, our people are going to the chemists, they are 
going to the distributors, they are getting a feel of the market, we know what 
is happening, every time they say okay why do not you bring this, this 
company has launched this, why do not you give this. So more important 
that I would say topline, more important is the customer continuity and 
reach so we are understanding the pulse better and we are understanding the 
new normal so this is the new normal and we are part to that, we are not left 
over.  
Junaid Sayeed: 
One more thing, like you are talking about somewhere in the month of April 
20th in ANI news saying that antibody testing machine, is it the same which 
you are talking about COVID testing or is it a different thing? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, it is for the COVID only but so far you know that there is lot of 
controversy on antibody testing, so antibody testing is done at a stage when 
the spread has just started so it is the first fourteen days you can do that so 
there was some controversy I think Rajasthan government or somewhere, 
ICMR has said that no Covid’ testing will be done because of different 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 23 of 24 
results, antibody testing is for bulk testing, if you want to test 1000 people 
so you cannot carry out all the tests because it takes time, 1000 people if you 
want to do just like your simple sugar tests so it is very simple test but 
government has not approved and I think slowly it has pushed to the back 
burner many people had invested lot of money but government has declined 
now they are talking of antigen testing instead of antibody testing. So, first 
body develops antibodies and then antigens so much still is a long way we 
do not know which way to go, we had lot of efforts in this direction but we 
could see that the efforts which are related with the central government, 
state government approvals, lot of issues so as private entrepreneur and as a 
private businessman we could see that we better stay out even if we try to 
focus on the consumers directly instead of going to hospitals. 
Junaid Sayeed: 
One more thing, last time which you have issued I think approximately 74 
Crores of shares which are to be converted at Rs. 20 that is going to be help 
because you have got a relief from tax. 
Sushil Suri: 
I think that was the previous question that Rajesh had, so we had given that 
plan, unfortunately the same day evening I think within 24 hours there are 
some ban. So infact, we have got a stay but that stay is not granted on the 
basis of merits it is just interim stay, but if you want to break that we can 
still go to the court and say that this is my plan, I want to do this. But since 
the courts are not functioning fully and they are only taking only the 
emergency cases particularly in Mumbai, Delhi we hear that lot of video 
calls and online cases has been heard, so Mumbai also only emergency 
cases has been handled so I think we have a date in July. So we will try to 
push, but in any case now the stay is there, we were given a stay and SEBI 
was to file a reply, and if SEBI does not file a reply then they ask for a date 
we cannot do much so till SEBI files reply on that I am assuming that 

 
 
 
               Morepen Laboratories Limited 
June 29, 2020 
 
Page 24 of 24 
whether you like it or not I mean it is going to take one month or two 
months to decide the case, by the time we think it will be September. 
Junaid Sayeed: 
Actually before the time has come we have issued shares so is it going to be 
valid, five days before I think we have issued the shares to the promoters 
and to the other parties, that is going to be changing or like it is going to 
stay? 
Sushil Suri: 
It is only during this period of 365 days if you think we would have allotted 
that and we have done “then there is no issues, if they do it now because 
there is lot of procedural things involved and we have seen in the past 
during the times of our CDR we have invested around Rs.166 Crores, it took 
us almost eight years to nine years almost ten years to get the approval, 
because of the procedural things, there is lot of procedure involved, so better 
to play safe. 
Junaid Sayeed: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vastupal Shah for closing comments. 
Vastupal Shah: 
Thanks everyone for joining the con call of Morepen Laboratories Limited. 
If you have any queries you can write to us at ‘vastupal@kirinadvisors.com’ 
and once more thank you everyone for joining the conference.  
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you Mr. Shah. Thank you, friends.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
