GPT
| GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
Regd. Office
GPT Centre, JC-25, Sector-Ill, Salt Lake, Kolkata - 700 106, India
CIN: L20103WB1980PLC032872
Tel: +91-33-4050-7000
Fax: +91-33-4050-7999
Email: info@gptgroup.co.in
Visit us: www.gptgroup.co.in
GPTINFRA/CS/SE/2020-21
July 02, 2020
The Departmentof Corporate Services,
National Stock ExchangeofIndia Ltd.,
BSE Limited,
ExchangePlaza,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Plot no. C/1, G Block,
Dalal Street
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400001
Mumbai - 400 051
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Update on ConferenceCall held on 23'4 June, 2020 - Call Transcript
Ref.: Scrip Code - 533761; Symbol - GPTINFRA
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule
Ill of the SEB! (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to ourletter dated 20June, 2020, please find
enclosed herewith transcript of Conference Call held on Tuesday, 23" June, 2020.
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige.
Thanking you,
Yoursfaithfully,
For GPT Infraprojects Limited,
ANATHA
Digitally signed byANATHA
BANDHABACHAKRABARTTY
BANDHABA
Date: 2020.07.02 21:36:32
CHAKRABARTTY
+0530"
AB Chakrabartty
(CompanySecretary)
Membership No. -F-7184
 

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“GPT Infraprojects Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 23, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ATUL TANTIA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER - GPT INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator:                           Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the GPT Infraprojects Limited Q4 FY2020 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia, Executive Director and 
CFO, GPT Infraprojects Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
 
 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and warm welcome to GPT Infraprojects Earnings 
Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2020. I have with me on call Stellar 
IR Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisor. I hope you all have received the updated 
investor presentation and we have also uploaded in our website for your reference.  
 
In these challenging times, I hope that everyone on the call and their families are safe. We 
would like to take this opportunity to thank all the Corona warriors who are the new heroes 
of our society and the country at large and are fighting the Coronavirus at the forefront to 
ensure the safety of the citizens; as well as thank the members of our company that are 
continuing to work with strict safety measures. We deeply regret the loss of life due to 
COVID-19 pandemic and are deeply grateful and have immense respect for every person who 
have risked their life and safety to fight this pandemic. As you are aware the States of West 
Bengal and Odisha were impacted severely by the cyclone Amphan in the last week of May 
and with the necessary precautions at all our project locations and factories, all team members 
are safe and no damage has been reported. 
 
Let me start the call by sharing with you some of the key business and financial highlights of 
the year gone by coupled with a brief outline of the steps taken by the company to ensure 
continuity of operations during this challenging period led by COVID-19 and an outlook on 
the business.  
 
Some of the key highlights of the fiscal 2020 for the company include increased traction and 
execution mainly on the infrastructure segment, steady profit margins on back of a disciplined 
bidding process coupled with cost optimization measures, debt reduction and improved 
generation of cash from operations. Further we have revenue visibility on the back of a 
healthy order book of approximately Rs 1500 Crores, which is almost 2.5 times our FY2020 
revenues and additionally we stand L1 in orders worth approximately Rs 200 Crores. In 
keeping with our practice of rewarding shareholders the Board has recommended a dividend 
of Rs.1.5 per share, which is 15% of the face value of the share, this is also in line with the 
company’s dividend policy. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Let me begin with the key details on each of the above points. On the operations front, despite 
the COVID-19 led disruption in the last fortnight of FY2020, the consolidated revenue from 
operations for FY2020 improved by 7% year-on-year to Rs 618 Crores and by 8.3% year-on-
year in Q4 FY2020 to Rs 187.3 Crores. This performance was led by a strong growth of 
almost 18.2% in the infrastructure segment in FY2020. The fourth quarter also saw a healthy 
15.7% year-on-year growth despite the last fortnight being lost due to the pandemic. The 
infrastructure segment formed almost 85% of our total revenues. We continue to build 
competencies in the infrastructure segment with our Rs 375 Crores order from RVNL going 
on smoothly with current quarterly run rate of approximately Rs 30 Crores and closure is 
expected over the next 20 months. This would enable us to bid for single order of Rs 1000 
Crores, underscoring our execution capabilities in the infrastructure segment. Further, the 
company has been able to bag an order of Rs 115 Crores in April 2020 even amidst the 
lockdown. This order has been awarded by the National Highways & Infrastructure 
Development Corporation for widening of a section of National Highway 102B in the State 
of Manipur on EPC mode. We are confident that the infrastructure segment will continue to 
grow over the coming quarters. 
 
On the sleeper segment, the lockdown in March 2020 has led a slight dip in the revenue for 
the last quarter and the African business has also been weak in the last year. Consequently, 
the concrete sleeper division revenue for Q4 FY2020 and full year FY2020 was lower than 
the previous period. Further COVID-19 related disruptions have led that our African facilities 
as well as our Indian facilities have been operating at lower utilization levels in the first 
quarter of the current fiscal. The Namibian associate has signed the agreement for extension 
of the contract with their local buyer. We expect utilization of all our Indian facilities in the 
next few months to pick up. Our manufacturing facilities in South Africa have also resumed 
the operations in the second week of May 2020 in line with relaxation of lockdown in the 
country. While our manufacturing facility in Namibia is yet to resume operations as the 
province is still not allowing commencing of production, we expect the same to start by the 
beginning of July 2020.  
 
On our margins and profitability for the full year, our EBITDA posted a 7.7% increase over 
the previous year to Rs 83.8 Crores while posting a margin of 13.5% as compared to 13.1% 
in FY2019. Consequently, our PAT posted a strong 27.6% growth from Rs 11.8 Crores last 
year to Rs 15 Crores for FY2020. We attribute this steady performance to our bidding 
discipline of ensuring that a EBITDA of 13% to 14% is the primary factor in bidding for new 
projects. Our cost optimization measures are also bearing fruit. For the Q4 FY2020 however, 
the EBITDA margin was impacted primarily due to a onetime expense on account of non-
cash mark-to-market loss in the South African business due to sharp fluctuations in the 
foreign exchange rates caused by the downgrade of the sovereign rating of South African 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 11 
bonds by the rating agencies. In local currency terms our EBITDA in South Africa was 
positive without considering the mark-to-market loss.  
 
In terms of our leverage and liquidity position as we mentioned earlier, we have been trying 
to optimize our working capital in addition to paring some of our debts. During this year we 
have managed an overall reduction of approximately Rs 20 Crores on both long-term and 
short-term debt combined. This coupled with improved profitability has helped us to increase 
our cash flow generations. In addition, we have also been able to recover a lot of the old 
outstanding, which were earlier qualified by the auditors and the amount of qualification has 
reduced by almost Rs 24 Crores. Further to strengthen the company’s liquidity portion during 
these challenging times, we are actively engaged with our working capital bankers to avail 
the Special Liquidity scheme announced by the Government of India. We have also applied 
for the release of proportionate Performance Guarantees from various clients in partly 
completed projects as allowed by the Ministry of Finance, which will result in a significant 
release of our non-funded limits and thereby provide liquidity in terms of margin money for 
these bank guarantees. We do not foresee any challenges in meeting our debt obligations or 
liquidity for the business in the near / long term. 
 
Let me now give you a brief synopsis of how we are operating with the COVID-19 related 
restrictions. The lockdown as you all are aware has been effective from March 24, 2020, and 
it halted most of the construction activities in the country and accordingly our company’s 
operations at all locations were impacted; however, since lockdown 2.0 that is end of April 
2020 when lockdown conditions began relaxing, we have commenced the construction 
activities gradually at all our project locations wherever the local authorities have permitted 
resumption of the same with reduced manpower while ensuring that all the requisite safety 
measures are being adhered to. As of May 31, 2020, activity in most of our sites have 
recommenced with up to approximately 60% of our normal monthly run rate in the 
infrastructure segment. As mentioned earlier operations in South Africa have resumed the 
second week of May 2020, while Namibia is expected to start early July. 
 
A major concern that has been discussed in the media and society in general is labor for the 
infrastructure companies. As you are aware the labor for most of our sites are sourced from 
some other states and we expect some disruptions in the operations on account of their return 
to their native villages once the transport restrictions have been eased. However, we do not 
anticipate a major impact on the operations as we are approaching monsoon season wherein 
construction activities generally become lean.  
 
Our corporate office is operating with reduced manpower since May 2020. The ERP system, 
which is SAP, implemented by our company enables our employees to operate remotely from 
their home and also from project sites and manufacturing locations thus ensuring internal 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 11 
control of the management on the operations of the company while ensuring safety of the 
team members. 
 
In terms of our time and cost escalation on ongoing projects and manufacturing activities, the 
clients in all the contracts have given time extension for up to six months with price escalation 
as allowed by the circular of Ministry of Finance due to the invocation of Force Majeure 
conditions. Going forward, with our strong project execution capabilities, a healthy financial 
base and envying growth prospects across all our areas of operation, we believe that GPT 
Infraprojects is well positioned to continue its growth trajectory.  
 
That is all from my side. I now request the moderator to open the call for question and 
answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Viral Shah from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Good morning and hope everyone is safe at GPT Infra. To begin with how has been the 
scenario post lifting up of lockdown partially; I know you had highlighted parts of it in your 
opening remarks in terms of labor availability, what was the labor count pre-COVID and 
what is it now and how reinforcement has been adding in the month of June? Any clarity on 
that would be something which is very helpful? 
Atul Tantia: 
As I said, the team members of GPT are safe and we have ensured that our SOPs are in place 
so that they are working in a safe environment. In terms of your question with respect to labor 
like I said in my opening remarks we are operating at almost 60% to 70% of the work force 
strength currently, so in June we have seen some labors return to their native places once the 
transport restrictions were eased; however, new laborers are also coming back so that gives 
us comfort that the labors will come back and we have also taken the medical insurance for 
the workers, which is giving them comfort. 
Viral Shah: 
Fair enough. In terms of ordering pipeline when we look from Railways going forward, what 
will be the order pipeline in terms of May orders, which were coming and what can be our 
market share in that and what we are looking at? 
Atul Tantia: 
Like I said we are L1 in Rs 200 Crores worth of orders and we are constantly bidding for new 
projects as we speak, we are also bidding for one large project in Uttar Pradesh. Also, our 
ticket size of contracts is around Rs 150 Crores plus right now, so we feel that there is a 
healthy demand for these kind of contracts and now with the new policies wherein global 
tenders are no longer allowed for contracts upto Rs 200 Crores, the competition would tend 
to be slightly less. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Viral Shah: 
In terms of competition who will be competent at the sub Rs 200 Crores? 
Atul Tantia: 
We do not do only sub Rs 200 Crores we also do Rs 250 Crores plus so like I said we are also 
doing a contract of Rs 375 Crores, we have two or three contracts of Rs 250 Crores plus; we 
do compete with some listed companies some unlisted companies as well, it depends on the 
region; there are number of companies, it completely depends on the region in which we bid. 
Viral Shah: 
Last question from my end, any new verticals or geographies, which we would like to expand 
given the situation because lot of contractors from China are not allowed in most of the state 
and regions so would you like to capitalize on these opportunities going forward and which 
will be that region as well as new verticals if you would like to highlight? 
Atul Tantia: 
We do contracts for governments wherein you meet the credentials. We can only work with 
our core competencies in terms of verticals, so our core competencies being construction of 
railway tracks, bridges and the likes. In terms of regions, we are agnostic to the region that 
we do operate in other than the consideration for the safety of our team members and the 
assets of the company. We recently got a contract in Manipur so we are bidding for contracts 
in Eastern and Northern part of the country, somewhat also in the central part of the country 
currently. 
Viral Shah: 
Thank you so much Sir and the all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit ,Natarajan: 
Good morning and thank you for this opportunity. My question is more on just to take the 
previous question on the order inflow part you hinted that there is an L1 of Rs. 2 billion order, 
but if I have to step back and look at your order backlog position it has come down from 
Rs.2,000 odd Crores kind of number that we had in FY2018 to all the way to Rs.1,500 Crores 
so are we really looking to ramp this up in a big way in this fiscal or is there any addressable 
opportunity we would want to quantify? 
Atul Tantia: 
I think to answer the question this year we have a target of almost Rs.800 to Rs.1,000 Crores 
of new order so that includes the L1 order that we have of about Rs. 200 Crores that is kind 
of minimum that the management has set a benchmark for this year, hopefully we will be able 
to achieve that in this calendar year itself so that some work can start on it by March. 
Rohith Natarajan: 
Among the close to 60% of infrastructure exposure that you have within your order backlog 
how much it will be roads as such? 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Atul Tantia: 
Road I think the only contract that we received in April that is only a pure road contract other 
than that we do not have road contracts. 
Rohith Natarajan: 
So would you be focusing more on road as well? Is that under consideration? 
Atul Tantia: 
We typically like the railway segment and we would like to focus on our segment that we do 
operate in we are focused railway company in terms of both infrastructure as well as concrete 
sleepers. Road is something that we feel does not give the same kind of EBITDA hurdle rate 
that we do look for which is about 13% EBITDA  
Rohith Natarajan: 
Sir, in my previous conversations, we were probably targeting for Ghazipur RVNL project 
close to Rs.25 Crores per quarter, now with this scenario what could be the revised outlook? 
Are you planning to bill somewhere between Rs.1 billion kind of number in this fiscal or 
something lower than that? 
Atul Tantia: 
So like I said in my opening remarks that Ghazipur contract we are currently doing a run rate 
of Rs.30 Crores per quarter so it is about Rs.120 Crores a year. 
Rohith Natarajan: 
Okay in Mathura Jhansi RVNL, I am sorry if I missed it? 
Atul Tantia: 
Mathura Jhansi I did not say in the opening remarks, Mathura Jhansi this year we will do 
about close to Rs.80 to Rs.85 Crores. 
Rohith Natarajan: 
So in a way these are two big projects within your order backlog when I see that these were 
actually the pre-COVID targets and you are maintaining that, is that correct? 
Atul Tantia: 
We are maintaining that, but Q1FY21 has been obviously, as it is for across the economy, 
quite a large dip,  so we will not  be able to increase the  target  revenue for the year, it is too 
premature I think to give a revenue target for the year. 
Rohith Natarajan: 
Level crossing project you had one Rs.40 Crores kind of number that you were talking in 
FY2021? 
Atul Tantia: 
So that contract we will do about Rs.40 to Rs. 45 Crores this year. 
Rohith Natarajan: 
From the DFCC part of the concrete sleeper, we were looking at Rs.8 to Rs.9 Crores per 
month, what is that number as of now? 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Atul Tantia: 
That depends on the offtake for the project so this year we anticipate that the offtake would 
be slightly higher because the initial bottlenecks have been streamlined so this year we 
anticipate Rs.100 odd Crores of revenue from DFCC. 
Rohith Natarajan: 
Okay. That’s it from my side. Should there any other question I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Bansal from Ajinkya MPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Bansal: 
Atul can you please give us an outlook on the NHAI arbitration? 
Atul Tantia: 
There is not much of movement in the NHAI arbitration because the courts are closed; the 
next date is around August 20, 2020, so the movement is nothing as the last couple of dates 
have been extended, earlier that is, pre COVID, because of the NHAI lawyer not being present 
and now because of the courts being closed. 
Mohit Bansal: 
Okay so you mentioned in your brief that because of the regulation changes now by the 
government on account of COVID, you will be able to release some non-fund limits; will that 
help you to get this money from the arbitration by giving some kind of guarantees there, what 
is the strategy on that?  
Atul Tantia: 
We have already applied to the banks for release of the Rs.30 Crores, which is as per the court 
order, but the banks want some clarification from the court, which unfortunately will happen 
post the courts opening in August. 
Mohit Bansal: 
Do you think that the limits can be utilized to give the guarantees in the court? 
Atul Tantia: 
We expect almost Rs.55 to Rs.60 Crores of bank guarantee to be released out of which almost 
Rs.40 Crores has already been released, the balance Rs.15 to Rs.20 Crores will be released in 
the coming time. 
Mohit Bansal: 
Okay great that is good news. Atul, need one more clarity on what is the scenario on past 
payments and recoveries from certain contracts, which are mentioned? 
Atul Tantia: 
Like I said in my opening remarks in March 2019, the qualification in terms of the old policies 
was Rs.49 Crores, which is now Rs.25 odd Crores, so Rs.24 Crores from those have been 
recovered and we expect another Rs.6 to Rs.7 Crores to be recovered in this calendar year 
itself. In terms of debt repayment, we do not have much of long-term debt so this year in 
terms of liquidity, that will not affect us much. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Mohit Bansal: 
Okay great and can you please help us with the working capital limits that are sanctioned for 
us? 
Atul Tantia: 
We have approximately Rs.210 Crores of working capital limits sanctioned to us by State 
Bank of India. 
Mohit Bansal: 
How much of that has been utilized? 
Atul Tantia: 
The cash limit has been changing every day, but currently about 90% to 92% 
Mohit Bansal: 
Okay, Atul one last question from my side, can you please help us with the competitive 
outlook in the industry right now? 
Atul Tantia: 
We feel the competition is going to be slightly less because there are many companies who 
are facing issues with respect to their contracts and thankfully most of our contracts are 
working well, so we expect that the competition would be slightly less compared to what it 
was pre-COVID, this will enable to us maintain our hurdle rate of  EBITDA at 13%. 
Mohit Bansal: 
Thanks a lot for answering my question and that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Desai from Desai Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Desai: 
My question would be on the sleeper business, Sir I just wanted to know in Africa and 
Namibia, what would be the order book status and your outlook over there for this year? 
Atul Tantia: 
Namibia like I said, the associate has signed a contract for the concrete sleepers, the contract 
will be valid for almost 24 months that would enable revenue of almost Rs.25 Crores in Indian 
Rupees for Namibian entity, although in the associate the revenue does not get consolidated 
in the group’s financials. For South Africa, we have contracts upto December 2020 and there 
is constant manufacturing and delivery to the customer. We expect the tender which was 
supposed to happen in April 2020 but unfortunately due to COVID it was extended, should 
happen sometime in July 2020 and August 2020. This will enable us to ensure that the 
contract is in place before the earlier one gets expired. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sir, regarding the Indian business, what would be the utilization levels in our concrete sleeper 
segment? 
Atul Tantia: 
Currently, it is less with the labor issues especially in UP, so it is about 50% to 55%. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Mihir Desai: 
Currently in the COVID scenario, do we see the situation improving in H2 of this year? 
Atul Tantia: 
Predicting these things is something that I think is out of my bandwidth. 
Mihir Desai: 
Specifically, just needed update on DFCC Concrete sleeper especially on the GMR order that 
we are executing? 
Atul Tantia: 
Like I said we are at 55% to 60% capacity due to labor issues. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sir lastly just wanted to know that what is the current average cost of debt for the company? 
Atul Tantia: 
It is about 11.5%. 
Mir Desai: 
Sure Sir. That is all from my end. If I have further questions, I will join the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shruti Sharma an Individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Shruti Sharma: 
Actually, I have two questions to ask. Firstly, I just wanted to understand seeing the current 
condition in the country, lot of funds which government has actually given for welfare, 
medical facilities and all, so in this situation what kind of expenditure do we expect on the 
infrastructure in the current year and what kind of order inflow do we expect in this year? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, in terms of government spending to revive the economy, infrastructure is one of the best 
tools because it generates a lot of employment and it also generates demand for steel, cement, 
and other ancillary products. We feel that the government did not reduce its focus on 
infrastructure especially because of the focus also on the national infrastructure pipeline that 
was announced by the Finance Minister. In terms of labor issues also, it allows the 
employment to be generated so that is also a focus area of the government. For the order 
inflow for the year, like I had said in one of my previous remarks, we expect this year to have 
order inflows of almost Rs.800 to Rs.1,000 Crores in this financial year. 
Shruti Sharma: 
Sir in which segment do you expect order inflow? 
Atul Tantia: 
So it is going to be from railways and infrastructure mostly sleepers like I said earlier, the 
South African contracts will get renewed so that would be an order inflow, but other than that 
we do not have much of order inflows in the sleeper segment. 
 Shruti Sharma: 
One more thing I wanted to understand as you said in the earlier remark that currently we are 
working at 60% of total capacity so when do we expect the normalcy in the business? 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
June 23, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Atul Tantia: 
It totally depends on the pandemic and when all these restrictions in terms of social distancing 
and all are reduced; however, we have implemented necessary SOPs, which have allowed us 
to operate at almost 70% capacity and right now it is also the monsoon season so anyway it 
becomes lean for construction activities. Post monsoon I think the pandemic will also subside 
and the work will also begin in full stream. 
Shruti Sharma: 
So we can expect that in H2FY21? 
Atul Tantia: 
Q3FY21 onwards I would say. 
Shruti Sharma: 
That is all I wanted to know. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Are we facing any pressure on the receivables side? 
Atul Tantia: 
There is no issue with respect to receivables like I said earlier, our liquidity position is quite 
decent and our cash flow from operations also did well last year and we expect it to be healthy 
this year as well. 
Anurag Patil: 
Second question Sir, ignoring this current year’s COVID impact what kind of growth rate we 
are targeting over the next three to five years in terms of revenue growth? 
Atul Tantia: 
I think we will grow at 15% to 20% for the next three years, we have to factor in the COVID-
19 impact obviously we cannot ignore it, so 15% to 20% CAGR would be a decent target. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay Sir. That is all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Atul Tantia for closing comments. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you everyone for your participation in our Q4 FY2020 earnings call. I hope that 
everyone stays safe. In case if you have any further queries, you may get in touch with us or 
with Stellar Investor Relations. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of GPT Infraprojects that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
