NILA/CS/2020/59 
Date: July 08, 2020 
To, 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 530377 
Dear Sir, 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
NILA 
INFRASTRUCTURES 
LIMITED 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Compelx, 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Symbol: NILAINFRA 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call held on July 01, 2020 
A conference call was arranged on July 01, 2020 to provide the information about the financial 
and operational performance of the Company for the quarter/year ended on March 31,2020. 
In this connection transcript of the call is enclosed herewith for the information of exchanges 
and dissemination. The same is also available at the website of the Company at 
www.nilainfra.com which may please be noted. 
End: aja 
CIN : L4520 1 GJ 1990PLCO 1 341 7 
Registered Office: 
1st floor, Sombhoov House 
Opp. Chief Justice's Bungalow 
Bodakdev. Ahmedabad 380015 
Tel.: +91 79 4003 6817 I 18, 2687 0258 
Fax: +91 79 3012 6371 
e-mail: info@nilainfra.com 
www.nilainfra.com 

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
Nila Infrastructures Limited  
 Q4-FY2020 and FY2020 Conference Call  
July 01, 2020 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY20 Conference Call of Nila 
Infrastructures Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone telephone. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mehul 
Dhorda from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Mehul. 
Mehul Dhorda:  
Thank you, Janice. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Mehul Dhorda from Valorem Advisors and we represent the investor relations for Nila 
Infrastructures Limited. On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to 
thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings conference call for FY20/Q4 FY20. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement as always. Some of the 
statements made in today’s concall may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results differ from 
those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to management. Audiences are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings conference call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and the financial quarter 
and year under the review. Now, I would like to introduce you to the management 
participating in today’s earnings conference call and give it over to them for the opening 
remarks. We have with us Mr. Deep Vadodaria – CEO of the company, Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi 
who is the CFO and Mr. Himanshu Bavishi who is the Group President for Finance. I now 
handover the call to Mr. Deep Vadodaria for his opening remarks, over to you sir.  
Deep Vadodaria:   
Good afternoon I welcome you to the earnings call for the year and quarter ended on 31st 
March 2020. We’re glad to share that the company has booked its historical highest quarterly 
revenue during Q4-FY2020. Equally true for the financial year too. While we have redefined 
the unique dynamics of redevelopment on PPP basis, for example slum, bus-port; our 
successful delivery of landmark projects like medical college campus has significantly boosted 
our Brand Equity. This financial year the revenue contribution has been relatively equal 
amongst both the sector that is Affordable Housing and Civic Urban Infrastructure projects. 
During FY 2020 while the company has reasonably grown, product mix and maturity stage of 
certain projects have been unable to offer profitability. We genuinely believe there are 

 
Page 2 of 7 
endless possibilities in our prominent business and eagerly look forward to contribute 
meaningfully. We have already initiated steps to recalibrate accordingly, staying focused for a 
novel FY2021.  
Now coming to our order book at 31st March 2020, the company has confirmed and 
practically executable order book of Rs.5345 million. The company’s order book is quite 
balanced with a focus on its core competence Affordable Housing consisting about 61% which 
is Rs.3269 million; while for de-risking 39% is for the other Civic Urban Infrastructure projects 
like bus port, vegetable market, industrial and logistics. EPC is the major contributor with 54%  
which is Rs.2909 million. Geographically, the state of Gujarat accounts now for 90% of the 
orders, which is Rs.4802 million. Principal wise government entities account for more than 
75% which is Rs.3991 million. The major government clientele comprise of Ahmedabad 
Municipal Corporation, Government of Rajasthan. Overall the company is executing 
construction of about 7729 units of affordable housing. With this, I now invite Mr. Sarkhedi, 
our CFO, to discuss the key financial and operational highlights for the quarter and year 
ended on 31st March 2020. 
Prashant Sarkhedi:   
Thank you Mr. Vadodaria and good evening friends. I will quickly take you through the 
financial operational highlights for the financial year and quarter ended 31st March 2020. In 
terms of the quarterly performance, standalone revenue of the company increased by 17% to 
Rs. 888 million from Rs. 760 million as compared to the corresponding period of the previous 
year. On the profitability front, the operating EBITDA for the Q4-FY2020 has witnessed 
declined by 11% that is from Rs.121 million to Rs.49 million with an EBITDA margin of 5.78% 
in Q4-FYFY2020. The profitability at EBITDA level has reduced mainly due to the reduction in 
the operational efficiency on back of change in the revenue mix that is from the higher 
contribution from low margin EPC projects. The project operation cost has increased mainly 
due to an exceptional one time expenditure and non-cash provisions for expenditures. While 
the employee cost has reduced due to the reduction in overall employee base and 
replacement of high cost manpower with fresher economical main power. The profit after tax 
is 28 million that is 3.11%. The higher finance cost has further affected the PBT, which has 
collectively been marginally offset at the PAT level mainly due to the one time exceptional 
income tax rate reduction benefit. The marginal deduction in depreciation corresponds to the 
commensurate moment is fixed assets. The finance cost increased due to the higher 
utilization of fund based limits as well as towards the processing fees of fresh debt. None of 
the bank guarantee is submitted by the company has ever been invoked by any principle or 
client. Now with respect to the full year performance, standalone revenue of the company 
increased by 12% to Rs. 2633 million from Rs. 2341 million as compared to the corresponding 
period of the previous year. On the profitability front, the EBITDA for FY2020 has witnessed 
decline by 24% from Rs.379 million to Rs. 287 million with an EBITDA margin of 11.43% in 
FY2020. The profit after tax is Rs.176 million that is 6.69 percentage. At March 31st, 2020 the 
standalone networth of the company is Rs. 1433 million and standalone gross debt is Rs. 1195 

 
Page 3 of 7 
million, while cash and bank balance is Rs.63 million. The net debt to networth comprutes to 
0.79x. 
I now open the floor for question and answer that may be required for the clarification, thank 
you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Deep Gandhi, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: 
I had a few questions. So primarily what has been our expected revenue loss in Q4 FY20 
because of COVID or probably the economic slowdown and what is the expected loss in terms 
of revenues for quarter one, because of the similar reason? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So there has not been any loss due to COVID-19 in this specific quarter because historically 
here in Gujarat we have labors going back to their natives on account of Holi and this year the 
Holi was earlier on 10th March. So, very marginal or negligible losses due to COVID-19 and 
cannot be accounted for. However, few of the projects that we had envisage will start and 
we’ll start booking revenues from Q4, were not possible. And we’ll now start accounting for it 
once the work resumes. However, on the Q1 part, we’re working on COVID-19 impact, which 
will be uploaded very shortly, it’s in approval process. It will be uploaded very shortly for all 
the investors and everybody at large to refer to, which will have all the answers to what is 
going to be the impact of COVID-19 to the company. However, we are pleased to announce 
that currently the way it is, we see the impact coming into quarter one and going into quarter 
two, obviously the situation is very fluid at this point of time so it will be not right for me to 
comment about the future, but we’ve already prepared a very extensive document which will 
be available to all of you very soon.  
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay, sure. Just a follow up question on that again, with regards to labor and operations. So, 
is the company facing any labor issues as a lot of migrant workers have gone back to the 
native stages as you also mentioned. And also, is there any expensive labor available now or 
how is that thing going on sir? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So, I will answer the first question first. Yes, obviously like everyone else in the sector is 
affected we are affected by the reverse migration of labor. We started the operations about a 
week or 10 days back, and we have about 30 to 35% of manpower which has returned back 
to work. Obviously, the numbers are different on different sites, but if we look at the 
cumulative total, we’re looking at about 30, 35% labor which is already back to work. It’s 
returning back as per usual, we see it returning back quickly now, the velocity has been faster 
than how we had expected it during the lockdown and the way the reverse migration was 
taking place. However, the impacts of future are still unknown, but no real significant cost has 
been seen. But however the time lost, the project over run cost obviously is going to remain, 
but at this point of time, we’ve not revised any labor agreements that we’ve done on the 

 
Page 4 of 7 
higher side in terms of cost, so no real substantial cost increase in terms of availability of 
labor.  
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay, sure. And sir is it fair to assume that you said 30, 35% is our expected labor on site on 
an average, not being specific, but on an average it’s 30, 35%. So that is our operational 
capacity right now, at which all the sites are running, is that fair to assume? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, that would be a fair statement to make. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay, sure. And also sir one last question is, are we facing any receivables issue from the 
government side or from the private company side? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So we did face the receivable issue during the period of lockdown because a lot of people 
were nonoperational of course including us. But, since the Unlockdown ONE has started, we 
are seeing signs of recovery there. So we are hopeful that it’s not going to be an issue which 
is going to linger longer. But yes, during the lockdown there was an issue with receivables of 
majority of the clients. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay. So probably by Q2 the things would be back on track is what, I would assume? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, with the current state of affairs, yes. But since the situation is ever evolving, it’s too early 
to open.  
Deep Gandhi: 
Agree.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ketki Shah, Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Ketki Shah: 
I wanted to ask how will the revenue mix of the company be going ahead in FY21 and 22? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We just shared the order book breakup, we expect the revenue mix to remain the same. So 
we expect the revenue mix to remain within the tune on the unexecuted order book that we 
just discussed which is about 61% coming in from affordable housing and about 39% coming 
in from civic urban infrastructure. However, different projects are at different stages and 
obviously there is lumpiness of booking of revenue when it comes to the fag-end of the 
project. So it might vary within the range of about 60 to 40. So, 60% coming in from 
affordable housing and 40% coming in from civic urban infrastructure is a fair statement. 
However, that could vary a little bit of basis points here and there based on the actual 
execution.  
Ketki Shah: 
Okay, sir I had another follow up question, considering the possible slowdown in the sector 
and government spends. So does the company plan to diversify its projects to other kind of 
infrastructure construction projects?  

 
Page 5 of 7 
Deep Vadodaria: 
No, ma’am we don’t see any slowdown in terms of sectors that we are invested in. In fact, we 
see government coming out even more aggressively and planning for houses for these people 
who don’t have housing at this point of time, because the only cure to this pandemic has 
been to stay at home and we have to still brace the fact that there are millions of people in 
India who do not have a home of their own. So the sector that we are invested in obviously 
affordable housing and the same obviously goes with the other sectors that we’re invested in 
something like a medical college, which obviously governments are going to invest more in. 
So all the civic urban infrastructure that we are focused on and the affordable housing 
segment, we believe that the government has no scope or even sense of slowing down in 
that. It will be not incorrect to say that they might even increase their allocations to these 
sectors as we move forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritika Maheshwari, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Ritika Maheshwari: 
 How do you see the economic conditions improving in the coming quarters and what kind of 
inflows are you expecting based on the current scenario? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Well as I said, currently the situation is getting back on track in terms of labors returning 
that’s obviously a good sign for us because the execution has already started. It’s a little 
better than how we had envisaged in terms of the labor coming back to the site. So we hope 
that continues. However, that’s not 100% in our control because the situation is still pretty 
much serious across the country in terms of the spread of the pandemic. So let’s wait and 
watch and let’s hope that, it doesn’t deteriorate. However, it’s too early for us to comment 
on what are going to be the repercussions. But one thing we are very sure of, that the orders 
that we have on hand, we don’t see any problem on that and whatever orders that we have 
in pipeline as well, we don’t see any hindrances because of these pandemic to affect that. So 
we are very buoyant, it is not going to affect us in a bigger way apart from the setback that 
it’s going to take in terms of number of quarters which it can take to get back to normal. 
Ritika Maheshwari: 
So is there any reason behind the overall order book number coming down based on last 
year? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
No, so we are sitting comfortably right now at more than Rs. 500 crore of order book and 
going forward we are at about 2.8 book to bill ratio at this point of time and we expect to be 
in around that range of 2.4 to 2.8 going forward, there are orders in the pipeline which we 
are hopeful that once things settle down and once the operations began there, they will start 
allocating the order and we are confident that we will be in this range so we don’t see the 
order book coming down.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Deep Gandhi, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 6 of 7 
Deep Gandhi: 
Just a follow up question, just wanted to check what is our current bank guarantee available 
with us? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Rs.94 crore total bank guarantee is available to us, out of that we have utilized 76% of the 
total bank guarantee limit, so still we have Rs. 30 crore bank guarantee available to us. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay, sure.  
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Good number of bank guarantees are to be returned back to us which are from the projects 
that will be completed, so that might also be available.  
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay, sure. And how are we expecting the future margins to sustain or what is the expected 
number or some guidance on that aspect if you have any threshold or something? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Well, I would love to give you that but unfortunately we don’t give out guidance. But the way 
it is the COVID-19 impact that we are factoring in, which is under approval post that 
documents we will be able to give you a figure in terms of what you can look at in terms of 
short term, which is 2021 financial year. Obviously, that’s going to be a year, which is going to 
be normal as we discussed earlier. So we shouldn’t assume that as the figure going forward, 
but for the financial year 2021, once this document is in place you would be able to have a 
little bit of guidance in terms of what are we looking at, at the EBITDA number which is going 
to be impacted of course because of higher operational costs. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Agreed. And any other fixed cost where we are working on that could be bought down or 
something where there’s efficiency or that also will be inculcated in that note?  
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, it will be included in that.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ritika Maheshwari, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Ritika Maheshwari: 
Just a follow up question, is there any update on your Bechraji and Kent projects with respect 
to lease and development?  
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, ma’am. So, there are two updates. In terms of that Romanovia has been on track and 
obviously there’s been a momentary lapse, because the Suzuki plant had shut down which is 
the anchor there in terms of the demand coming in. So the demand had slowed down in the 
last quarter. However, we have started receiving the demands again and things seems to be 
back on track, when it comes to the other land parcel which is Kent Industrial Estate, that part 
is under the SIR and since the government machinery has been largely focused into the 
pandemic, nothing really has happened in terms of the ground action, where infrastructure 
needs to come in place from the government. So that majority of our real estate becomes 
motor-able. So we haven’t seen much action happening in that parcel of land. However we 

 
Page 7 of 7 
are very hopeful that things are returning back to normal in terms of demand for Romanovia 
Industrial Park. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Well ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Deep Vadodaria Azaria from Nila Infrastructures for his 
closing comments over to you.  
Deep Vadodaria:  
Thank you friends for joining us today. Going forward as a pure play civic urban infrastructure 
company we will continue on the growth path. We look forward to having you with us on the 
next quarter’s call. In the meanwhile if you have any questions we get in touch with our team 
and our IR team we would be happy to assist you. Thank you again. Stay safe all of you and all 
the best. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Nila Infrastructures Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining you may now disconnect your lines. 
