Page 1 of 23 
 
“Wonderla Holidays Limited Q4 FY2020  
Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
       ANALYST: MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GEORGE JOSEPH – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR –     
WONDERLA HOLIDAYS LIMITED 
                                       MR. SATHEESH SESHADRI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
WONDERLA HOLIDAYS LIMITED 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator:     Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY2020 
Earnings Conference Call of Wonderla Holidays hosted by ICICI 
Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhidev 
Chattopadhyay of ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Adhidev C: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like 
to welcome everyone to the call today. From the management of 
Wonderla, today we have with us Mr. George Joseph, the Joint 
Managing Director and Mr. Satheesh Seshadri, the Chief Financial 
Officer. Now I would like to hand it over to the management for their 
opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
George Joseph: Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of the management of Wonderla Holidays 
Limited, we extend a warm welcome and hope all of you are safe and healthy.  
We are here on this conference call to discuss the Company’s performance for 
the fourth quarter of the Financial Year 2019-2020.  
We are facing an unprecedented pandemic and all of us are confined to our 
homes in nationwide lockdown.  

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 23 
Life as we have known has come to a standstill. The pandemic is a 
challenge for countries across the world. It is inflicting increasingly 
high human and industrial loss worldwide. A significant portion of the 
economy is in a shutdown.  
To curtail the spread of the Covid 19 virus, and maintain social 
distancing, a nationwide lock down was announced. Hence our parks 
faced a direct impact on footfalls. Kochi park was closed from 11 
March 2020, Bangalore Park, Resort and Hyderabad park were closed 
from 14 March & 15 March 2020, respectively. Consequently, we lost 
more than 15 operational days for the parks.  
Our Bangalore Park witnessed a decline of 38% in footfall, and the 
parks at Kochi and Hyderabad saw footfalls reduce by 31% & 22% 
respectively.  
Looking at our financial performance score card, the revenue for Q4 of 
FY2020 at Rs 42.4 crores was lower by 30% compared to Rs 60.6 
crores recorded in Q4 FY19.  
Our Q4 FY2020 EBITDA declined by 71.6 % YoY from Rs 17.8 
crores to Rs 5crores. Our profit after tax for the quarter, inclusive of 
the exceptional item of tax reversal was Rs 1.5 crore, as against a PAT 
of Rs. 6.9 Crores reported in corresponding quarter of the previous 
year. Our cash PAT, that is PAT plus depreciation, at Rs 11.9 crores is 
lower by 29.4% compared to Rs 16.8 crores in Q4 FY19. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
On a full year basis, Revenues also decreased marginally by 4% Y-o-
Y, from Rs 282 crores to Rs 270.8 crores.  
EBITDA for FY 20 stood at Rs. 104.1 crores, 9% reduction from Rs 
114.3 crores in FY19. Profit after tax is Rs. 64.7 crores, it has increased 
by 17.7% from Rs 55.4 crores recorded in FY19. 
Our full year Cash PAT is Rs 106.5 crores, which also increased by 
12% from Rs 94.9 crores generated in FY 19. 
Following the settlement of our Service Tax litigation under “Sabka 
Vishwas” (Legacy Dispute Resolution) Scheme, 2019; we recorded an 
exceptional item in the form of reversal of excess provision amounting 
to Rs 15.57 crores. The Company has opted to avail Sabka Vishwas 
(Legacy Dispute Resolution) Scheme, 2019 announced by the 
Government of India in Sept. 2019. Accordingly, the payments made 
during the current quarter towards settlement of these pending 
litigations under the scheme and the earlier payments made under 
protest have been adjusted against the provision and the excess balance 
as per the books has been reversed as income. 
I would now like to emphasise the Company’s position and strength in 
our balance sheet. Wonderla is strongly placed to overcome this dire 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 23 
situation. We generate healthy free cash flows annually and prudently 
manages our finances. We are a debt free Company and therefore, have 
no short term or long-term outstanding loan repayments obligations. In 
addition, we currently have liquid assets of approximately INR 123 
crores in Mutual Funds and Bank balances. This is sufficient to cover 
all the operating expenses for more than 1 year. 
We have a solid asset base in the form of freehold land across four 
states. In addition to 64 acres land in Chennai, across our three 
operational parks, we hold a land parcel of 224 acres, of which 95 
acres have been developed and utilised for the parks. We have 129 
acres of excess, unencumbered land bank available to expand our 
existing parks. While we hope the lockdown does not get prolonged, 
the Company is in a comfortable position and has high liquidity to deal 
with current situation. Even in a scenario of a prolonged lockdown, 
where our reserves get depleted to meet the ongoing expenses, we are 
in a highly comfortable position to raise debt at favourable rates as we 
have a strong, debt-free balance sheet and substantial unencumbered 
assets available to collateralise. 
Amusement parks fulfils human desire to roam, play, and experience 
thrills, for which there is no real substitute. They will continue to 
provide a unique and irreplaceable form of value with memories to be 
cherished for a lifetime. We have already seen parks open in China and 
South East Asia to a good response. Major parks in the US have also 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 23 
indicated a potential date for reopening. The industry will adapt to 
survive, prosper, and continue to deliver value in the future.  
With that, let’s start with question and answer session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Swetha Rane from Finquest Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swetha Rane: 
I have a few questions. Your earnings have been stagnant for the last 
five years. Could you give us a reason for that? 
George Joseph: Our Kochi Park is about 20 years old now and the Bengaluru Park is 
15 years old and Hyderabad park has completed four years. In every 
industry, there is a diminishing rate of return and we are no exception. 
We have been seeing declining footfall as a consequence of certain 
events in the economy. For example from a nominal Entertainment Tax 
regime to an imposition of Service Tax of 15% and thereafter GST at 
28%. We are addressing the diminishing interest by adding new 
attractions and new rides across all the parks and we are also taking a 
reengineering process to help our footfalls grow. If you look at the 
competitors and across the parks in the country, there has been a 
stagnation and decline in footfalls. We have shown positive growth in 
2018-2019 despite the flood in Kerala.  
Swetha Rane: 
Due to the pandemic, the economic situation is not very encouraging in 
the Indian economy. I would like to know what will be your future 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 23 
course of action, rather than expanding why do we not improve the 
efficiency in the current parks? You are introducing new rides because 
costs will increase right and if you have certain aspects on the cost as 
well, we would like to hear it? 
George Joseph: The amusement park industry is closed from mid-March 2020. The 
Industry association has requested the government to permit re-opening 
at an early date. Look at the airline industry. We never thought that it 
will reopen so fast. Therefore we hope that the government will permit 
us to reopen the parks. We are getting ready with health and preventive 
protocol for our visitors. The Disney Park in Shanghai has reopened 
and on first day itself they could sell all the tickets online and the 
weekends were fully booked. There is a pent up demand in the country. 
People would like to come out and enjoy the open air entertainment. 
We strongly feel that once the government permits us to reopen, the 
crowd will come back. We have already planned our strategies for the 
reopening to provide safety and hygiene atmosphere to visitors. We 
will fix a cap on the number of visitors on a day to day basis. We 
understand in Disney Park, they have allowed only one-third of the 
capacity. The average capacity of our parks ranges from 8,000 to 
10,000 footfall per day. Even with one-third capacity, we will be able 
to have a footfall of around 3,000 to 3500 in each park. We feel that 
the government may initially permit the dry rides with clear social 
distancing norms. The additional costs for sanitization and preventive 
protocol will be around Rs.50 per visitor. We have taken all this into 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 23 
account and find that we will be able to break even with a footfall of 
1300 per park.  
Swetha Rane: 
The cost will increase right? 
George Joseph: Yes, cost will increase by Rs.50 per visitor. 
Swetha Rane: 
Sir I would like to know rather than expanding why not we try to 
improve and bring the efficiency in the current parks itself because you 
just mentioned that you have the excess land of 129 acres, which you 
are trying to develop? 
George Joseph: We are using the lockdown period profitably for brainstorming, 
strategizing and making a new business model for our Company. The 
leadership team discusses the various plans every day for about 3 to 4 
hours. We have a strategy team which meets every week. The former 
Managing Director, Mr. Arun Chittilappilly, is heading the Strategy 
and Business Segment of the Company and our Non-Executive 
Director Mr. Laxminarayanan, is handholding us in this strategic 
transformation. We are making a new business model for post COVID 
scenario. 
Swetha Rane: 
Thank you so much. Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nimish Shah from 
Emkay Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 23 
Nimish Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Once we get a go ahead for reopening 
the park what will be our strategy? For example, we saw in Shanghai 
Disney Park they had opened with a capacity limit of 30% so are we 
planning similar? 
George Joseph: We will reactivate our online booking portal to fill up the visitors 
through online booking. We do not want to encourage unplanned walk-
ins, so everything will be online. For the initial period of 15 days we 
will have a penetrative pricing. Thereafter we will charge normal price. 
If the Government permits only the land rides, we intend charging 
about 60% of normal full rate. Contact-less entry will be enabled so 
that with the online booking itself one can seamlessly enter the park. 
There will be a sanitizing tunnel, through which visitors will pass, and 
the temperature checking will be done at the entry point. We will have 
sanitizers and provide face masks wherever required. There will be 
fumigation in the parks and each ride will be sanitized before and after 
each cycle. We have already started the training process. We are in 
readiness for reopening but awaiting permission. 
Nimish Shah: 
That is good to know. If we go ahead for the Chennai Park 
construction, then what is the ETA for completion of that park? Will it 
be 15 months, or it might get a bit delayed? 
George Joseph: As I mentioned last time, the government has permitted exemption 
from the Local Body Entertainment Tax for five years from the date of 
commencement of operation or from October 1, 2021 whichever is 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 23 
earlier. As per our initial plan we are supposed to complete the Project 
by end September 2021 and start operation by October. In current 
scenario, it is extremely tough to complete the construction before 
October 1, 2021. We have already got the approval and NOCs from the 
Fire Department, Pollution Control Board and the Forest Department 
etc., and are awaiting the final clearance from the Department of Town 
and Country Planning. In the meanwhile we are taking up with the 
Government of Tamil Nadu for duly extending the exemption period to 
cover the COVID related delay.   
Nimish Shah: 
Second half of FY2022 is a good assumption for Chennai Park opening? 
George Joseph: Hopefully, but then things are changing every day and the number of 
COVID cases, especially in Tamil Nadu, are increasing day by day. 
Once the final clearance is received we will critically analyse the 
situation and take a suitable decision on the commencement of 
Chennai. I assure you that we are committed to Chennai Park and we 
are very keen to commence the construction and start operation as 
early as possible.   
Nimish Shah: 
 Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinath V from 
Bellwether Capital. Please go ahead. 
Srinath V: 
Sir are you looking at the Imagica opportunity? Given that the asset is 
under default, are we looking at the opportunity to run it in a service 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 23 
model? How do you see stressed asset opportunity across the board, as 
you are a very rare business with a wonderful balance sheet. The 
industry may not have that kind of good balance sheet. So, are you 
looking at other working assets in the industry? 
George Joseph: Mr. Srinath, we are not looking at any acquisition of Imagica. We are 
not looking at that option at all. Our idea is to develop our own model 
because we have a distinct model, so we want to create our own parks. 
If somebody is offering a park for us to come as an operator, we will 
evaluate the proposition as an operator model without investment, on a 
revenue sharing basis. 
Srinath V: 
Have you been able to variablise any of our cost lines and on 
reopening? Were you able to convert some of the cost lines based on 
the number of footfalls that you get? 
George Joseph: Mr. Srinath, normally the monthly overheads come to around Rs 15 
Crores. On account of our cost reduction and extreme cost control, we 
could limit it to about Rs 4.5 Crores per month, almost a 75% 
reduction has been achieved. Our people have agreed for 50% 
voluntary wage cut. We have put on hold all our marketing and 
communication expenditure. All our AMCs have been reviewed and 
we have either extended the period of AMC without any additional 
cost or brought down the cost by about 25% to 30%. We have ensured 
significant reduction under all segments of expenditure. Whatever we 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 23 
have achieved during the shutdown period, to a certain extent we will 
be able to continue that even after reopening.  
Srinath V: 
Have you actually shut down any park for a small period of time to do 
some renovation, revamp or maintenance capex? Have we been able to 
make those necessary changes during lockdown or are we just doing 
base maintenance? 
George Joseph: Mr. Srinath, we do not shutdown the park for maintenance. We 
shutdown only the rides for maintenance. The rides which require 
annual maintenance are shutdown maybe for 15 days to one month. 
This is as per routine maintenance schedule and is ongoing.  
Satheesh Seshadri: To answer your question, we usually try to complete major 
shutdown maintenance before the first quarter. So that in the first 
quarter all rides are up and ready because we get good footfalls during 
the first quarter. So even during this year we have completed the major 
maintenance of some of the rides during the last quarter of FY2020. 
Hence all of our rides are up and ready. We are also testing, and 
greasing the equipment wherever necessary. So, there is no 
requirement of shutdown during this period. 
Srinath V: 
Is the Bhubaneswar transaction is completed in terms of the lease? 
George Joseph: Mr. Srinath, for Bhubaneswar we have not entered into any written 
agreement with the Government of Odisha. In fact, the Government 
has offered number of incentives. However, we have not incurred any 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 23 
significant expenditure for Bhubaneswar till date. The offer is open and 
we will start continuing the dialogue with them once the normalcy 
returns. 
Satheesh Seshadri: We have made the application to the Government of Odisha. The 
application has been accepted by the high level committee of Odisha 
Government. But after the COVID issue there is no progress, we have 
to wait and see. 
Srinath V: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Gupta from 
Right Horizon Minerva Fund. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Gupta:  We are sitting on nearly Rs 120 Crores of cash, sizable undrawn lines, 
have a debt free balance sheet, cost structure is not particularly 
worrisome given our liquidity. The stock price is below even 
conservative estimates of liquidation value. For a company that clearly 
has no encumbrance to the balance sheet if required, why are we not 
taking advantages of these valuations and buying back stock?  What is 
preventing us from going down this route? 
Satheesh Seshadri:  The priority, as George Sir mentioned during opening remarks is 
the completion of the Chennai project. We have earmarked certain 
funds to give advances to the contractors and for ride procurements. 
So, we would be requiring the available funds even if the situation 
comes back to normalcy. First priority is opening existing parks, 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 23 
second priority is Chennai Park and therefore we are not looking at any 
restructuring of capital.   
Vaibhav Gupta: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meet Gadade from 
Gurudev Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Meet Gadade: Can I know the average capacity utilization for FY2020-2021? 
Satheesh Seshadri: We have estimated capacity utilization of about 30%. 
Meet Gadade: For 2020-2021? 
Satheesh Seshadri: Yes. 
Meet Gadade: In the previous question you have answered that if you assume the 
worst case scenario like lockdown getting extended, then you are 
incurring about Rs 2.5 Crores per month as a fixed cost, and nothing 
more than that? 
Satheesh Seshadri: During the lockdown period, in our cost structure the variable cost 
is about only Rs 2 Crores to Rs 3 Crores, which goes towards F&B, 
utilities, etc. All other costs are fixed cost in nature, which are 
maintenance, salaries and off roll payments. We brought down the 
expenses to about 4.5 Crores. This has been achieved by savings in 
salaries, stopping or rationalizing the expenses on marketing, 
maintenance etc. So, this has helped us to come to this level when the 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 23 
park is completely closed. However, when the parks open again the 
expenses are bound to go up. 
Meet Gadade: What is the new strategy that management is planning? 
George Joseph: The immediate priority is reopening the existing parks with all health, 
safety and preventive protocol. We have always prioritized hygiene 
and safety and there would not be any compromise on that. Our 
recovery action plan takes care of all the parameters required, mask, 
social distancing, sanitizing etc.,  
Satheesh Seshadri: We have also got an article from CNN.com which clearly says that 
there is no risk in opening the water park. I will read the short text. The 
US Center for Disease Control and Prevention said “you do not need 
to worry about virus transmission from the water itself.” So, this is 
what the article says. If the government allows us to open water parks, 
we are okay with it. 
Meet Gadade: Sir I was talking about new strategy of opening the park. So, is this 
working for new strategy? 
Satheesh Seshadri: The question was, are we stagnated at 25 lakhs footfall. The answer 
is no because if you see in FY2018-2019, we saw a spike of 1 to 1.5 
lakhs compared to the previous year. This year has been challenging, 
not only for amusement parks, but the discretionary spent itself has 
come down during this year due to the economic downturn and floods. 
Bengaluru and Kochi had extended rainfalls and floods. Finally the 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 23 
COVID outbreak and nationwide lockdown which happened in last 
week of March. So, these are the things which have impacted but we 
want to move to the next level. We have been making about 10 to 12 
lakh footfalls per year per park. So, we are approaching towards that 
and we are building up strong marketing strategy, which will help us to 
touch to the next level of 25 to 30 lakhs footfalls. 
Meet Gadade: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Shankar as an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Shankar: You were talking about giving discounted tickets on online transaction, 
but how do you see the maintenance cost, so after the post-COVID if 
you reopen, whether there will be higher amount of maintenance cost, 
so how do you balance these? 
Satheesh Seshadri: We will see that our visitors, our guests come back to us, now it is 
almost zero for more than 60 days of the lockdown and there is a lull. 
If we have to see that the adventure seeking youth are returning to 
parks, we ensure that there should be an attraction for them to come 
back. Hence for the initial period of 15 days, we have penetrative 
pricing. But then the pricing will be brought back to the normal level, 
immediately after 15 days. Then we will charge the normal rate and 
also cover the additional cost on account of the sanitization, etc., 
estimated around Rs.50 per ticket. At the same time to control on 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 23 
expenditure, whatever frugality we could achieve during lockdown 
period will continue. So, EBITDA will continue to be positive and 
though slightly lower. 
Rohit: 
Thank you Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
I think we have dropped the line of Mr. Seshadri. I am just trying to 
reconnect him. In the meanwhile, we will proceed with the next 
question that is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Parimal Mithani: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir what is the average fixed cost while 
running the park normally in normal time? 
Satheesh Seshadri: Our expenses are about Rs 14.5 Crores on average per month. The 
F&B, retail and utilities are variable cost. All other costs are fixed costs 
or semi fixed in nature. For example, maintenance, there is 
maintenance cost even if the park is closed we need to consider 
landscape, civil and AMC. So, it is semi fixed in nature.  Controllable 
cost could be marketing and some of the maintenance expenses. By 
rationalizing it will be around Rs 7.5 to Rs 8 Crores. 
Parimal Mithani: Okay. On average it would be Rs 7 Crores to Rs 8 Crores. 
Satheesh Seshadri: About 8 Crores, if you take out controllable expenditure, I have not 
said fixed expenses. The marketing and maintenance are the 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 18 of 23 
controllable expenses during the period when there is no transaction or 
no business. 
Parimal Mithani: Second question is if you can highlight what is the capex going and 
what is your vision for the next two, three years? Post COVID lots of 
things have changed? How do you plan to go ahead? 
Satheesh Seshadri: Normally our sustaining capex per year is about 22 Crores. Every 
year we spend Rs 6 Crores to Rs 8 Crores on adding new rides at each 
of the locations, at least 2 rides per location. This has been normal for 
us. But this year we would not have any major spend on sustaining 
capex in FY2021. It is too early to commit anything on FY2022. 
Parimal Mithani: Sir, last question is have you insured yourself against such an events? 
Satheesh Seshadri: No, we are not insured against loss of profit or black swan events. 
Parimal Mithani: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shabi Girish as a retail 
investor. Please go ahead. Since there is no response from the line, we will 
move to the next question that is from the line of Nath Balakrishnan from 
Spark Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nath Balakrishnan: Gentlemen, Thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of 
questions. The first one was on the additional cost that you said that 
you are going to incur on sanitation and disinfecting your facility. So, 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 19 of 23 
this cost of Rs.50 is arrived on the basis of how many number of 
visitors you are getting? 
Nath Balakrishnan: Is it based on 1300 visitors or is it based on a higher number of 
visitors? 
Satheesh Seshadri: It is based on number of visitors, about 2500 visitors. 
Nath Balakrishnan: But if you are operating at half that utilization to begin with, 1300 
visitors is what Mr. George was alluding to this is going to be pass 
through? 
Satheesh Seshadri: We are just saying that it is a part of variable expenses. 
Nath Balakrishnan: It is variable. Secondly, I just wanted to understand your broad 
thoughts on when in your assessment do you think you possibly will be 
able to go back to reclaiming the peak of 25 lakhs to 30 lakh footfalls? 
Satheesh Seshadri: Everybody are talking about V, W, bath-tub shaped recovery, all 
type of economic rebouncing. So, I would be very conservative there. 
If you ask me a conservative question, I will say at least two years to 
come back to those levels. I think 2021 is gone, 2022 I will not recover 
fully. We will look at 2023. 
Nath Balakrishnan: Sir, if I can just squeeze in one more question. I know we are all 
pretty much reconciled to the notion that this COVID is going to be 
around for quite a while and it is not going to be disappearing in a 
hurry. So, in that context, do you possibly see merit in kind of holding 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 20 of 23 
off and aggressively expanding into Chennai? Try and assess how the 
reaction is going to be from customers after you reopen your existing 
facilities first, or is it decided that you will plunge headlong into 
Chennai regardless of what the environment is going to be? 
Satheesh Seshadri: I think we put this point very clearly. Our first priority is hygiene 
and safety which is part of our recovery action plan. Second priority is 
the opening of the existing parks. The third priority is the Chennai 
Park. So, we will go in that order. When we open three parks, we will 
also have a better idea. 
Nath Balakrishnan: I am saying therefore that if the situation is contrarian to what your 
expectation? 
George Joseph: It is too early to talk about it. We have still not worked on it. 
Nath Balakrishnan: I know you have not opened, so my question is difficult. I am 
saying if it so turns out that it defies your expectation. My question is, 
would it be fair to assume that you might want to postpone expanding 
into Chennai as aggressively as you had originally planned? Is it 
contingent at all or you will go ahead with Chennai regardless of the 
reception is? 
George Joseph: No, we will not go ahead regardless of what is happening. We will 
definitely watch the situation and we agree that COVID will take a 
longer time, but at the same time, the country cannot be locked down 
for a long time. So, once the State opens up, we will definitely reopen 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 21 of 23 
our existing parks and depending on the reception or footfall in the 
existing parks, we will take a suitable decision on Chennai. Chennai is 
not the priority right now. We definitely take your point. Unless we see 
the situation improving we can’t take a decision on going ahead with 
the construction in Chennai. 
Satheesh Seshadri: I just want to add one more thing there. The Chennai park 
construction will take 18 months. I am sure that in 18 months much of 
what we are seeing now could have a different picture. You have to 
keep that in mind. We are also looking at all these probabilities.  
Nath Balakrishnan: So, may I place a request therefore with you gentlemen that when 
we have this call again at the end of the next quarter, would it be 
possible for you to share with us what are the benchmarks that you 
want your existing parks to attain, after which you will decide to go 
ahead with your expansion into Chennai or failing which you will kind 
of go slower? I am not asking for you to make the disclosure right 
away, but you can possibly reopen your existing parks as and when 
you get the permissions and depending on how they progress can you 
share some of your learning’s and how you would decide to calibrate 
your expansion into Chennai? That will be helpful. 
Satheesh Seshadri: Yes, we want to keep you updated. We have appointed a marketing 
agency also to look at the market for Chennai Park post COVID. We 
are going into a lot of details on that front. But this is not the right time 
to do because we cannot do the research online. We have to have a face 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 22 of 23 
to face interview with people. That will also give us a lot of inputs on 
how to proceed. As a management thought process, we are saying there 
are 18 months for construction and we have safe bet on that. 
Nath Balakrishnan: I appreciate that, gentlemen. Thank you for your time. 
Moderator:       Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I 
now hand over the conference over to Mr. Adhidev Chattopadhyay for 
closing comments. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Adhidev C: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities I would like to thank everyone for 
joining us on the call today. I now would like to hand it back to the 
management for their closing remarks. 
George Joseph: Thank you very much for the insightful questions. I do appreciate your 
concerns. As mentioned in the beginning we are passing through very 
devastating times, with full of uncertainties about the future. We do not 
know what is in store for us. We can only pray for the early return of 
the normalcy. The results consequent to reopening of businesses in 
China which went through the pandemic since November last year is 
encouraging. We hope and pray that our country will also get back to 
normalcy soon. I can only assure you that we in our Organization are 
profitably using the shutdown period to create a new business model. I 
wish you and your family safe and healthy life. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
May 27, 2020 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of ICICI 
Securities Limited that concludes today’s call. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
