To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex, 
Date: May 19, 2020 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051. 
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “540743” 
Ref.: “GODREJAGRO” 
Subject: Transcript of Conference call with Investors & Analysts held on May 12, 2020. 
Dear Sir, 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with the 
Investors and Analysts held on Tuesday, May 12, 2020 at 3.00 p.m. IST. 
The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
viz., www.godrejagrovet.com. 
Please take the same on your records 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Vivek Raizada  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS - 11787) 
VIVEK 
PRITAMLAL 
RAIZADA
Digitally signed by 
VIVEK PRITAMLAL 
RAIZADA 
Date: 2020.05.20 
12:19:05 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Q4 FY’20 Earnings Conference Call 
May 12, 2020 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Agrovet’s Q4 FY’20 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Nadir Godrej – 
Chairman of the company; Mr. Balram S. Yadav -- Managing Director, Mr. S 
Varadaraj -- Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Arijit Mukherjee -- Chief Operating Officer 
of Astec Lifesciences.  
We would like to begin this call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which will have the forum open for interactive question-and-answer 
session. Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today’s call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the ‘Earnings Presentation’ shared with you earlier. I would now like to 
invite Mr. Nadir Godrej to make his initial remarks. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet Conference Call. 
I hope and wish you and your families are doing well and are safe. We are currently 
battling one of the toughest health crises which has disrupted the entire world and 
maintain safety is paramount. We are also taking all necessary steps to ensure safety 
and wellbeing of our employees and business partners. These are exceptionally 
difficult times for everyone, but I believe that this too shall pass and we will emerge 
much stronger. 
In the beginning of February 2020, false rumors of getting coronavirus infection 
through poultry and its products significantly impacted volume, prices and thereby 
the profitability in two of our businesses -- Animal Feed and Godrej Tyson. Further, 
outbreak of COVID-19 from mid-March 2020 in India disrupted the volume and sales 
in other segments too. Our manufacturing facilities were closed from March 24, 2020 
onwards post the announcement of the nationwide lockdown. GAVL operates in the 
agricultural sector and all our businesses are part of essential items. We have 
resumed operations in April 2020, after obtaining the necessary approvals from local 
authority. Our factories are currently operational and we have all the deployed health 
and safety protocols across our location. 
Moving to the Financial and Operational Performance, the key highlights and 
developments for the fourth quarter and full year ‘19-20 are as follows:  
For the fourth quarter of 2020, consolidated total income was Rs.1,509 crore, 
registering a growth of 7.5%. Consolidated profit before taxes excluding non-

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
recurring and exceptional items was Rs.18 crore compared to Rs.54 crore in the 
previous year. Similarly, for the full year 2020, consolidated total income was 
Rs.6,876 crore, registering a growth of 15.7%. Profits before taxes, excluding non-
recurring and exceptional items was Rs.281 crore compared to Rs.361 crore in the 
previous year.  
Above financials are adjusted for nonrecurring items, the details of which are as 
follows:  
In the fourth quarter and the financial year ‘19-20, total income excludes Rs.134.7 
crore and profit before tax exclude Rs.78.1 crore of income earned from sale of real 
estate project. The financial year ‘18-19 has been adjusted for two non-recurring 
items. Firstly, the fourth quarter and full year fiscal year ‘19 excluded a loss of Rs.2.3 
crore incurred on sale of land in a subsidiary, CDPL. Secondly, the full year financials 
also exclude income of Rs.29.9 crore earned on sale of land in GAVL. Please also 
note that the financials for fourth quarter fiscal year ‘20 and fiscal year ‘20 includes 
the results of Godrej Tyson Foods Limited and Godrej Maxximilk Private Limited 
which became subsidiaries w.e.f. March 27, 2019. 
Now I will discuss the performance of each of our business segments.  
In the Animal Feed business, volume declined in the fourth quarter by 11.3%, mainly 
due to lower poultry feed volumes in February and March 2020. Volumes were also 
affected in cattle and fish feed from mid-March onwards. As a result, despite taking 
price hikes, volume decline lowered the quarterly segment results by 27.9%. 
However, for full year 2019-20, segment revenue and segment results have posted 
a growth of 20.1% and 19.6%, respectively, driven by a strong performance of the 
first nine months. We have seen a recovery in poultry prices from April onwards as 
the COVID-19-linked rumors are fading away. We expect volumes and profitability 
level to recover in the coming months. 
In the Vegetable Oil segment, fourth quarter performance benefited from the high 
crude palm oil prices; however, the fresh fruit bunches arrival was marginally 
impacted by the lockdown post mid-March 2020. Also for the financial year 2019-’20, 
the performance has been adversely impacted by lower end product prices and lower 
oil content in the peak season, i.e., the first half of the year. 
In the Crop Protection standalone business, the sales mix was in favor of traded 
products, which have relatively a lesser margin. Therefore, despite revenue growth, 
the segment results declined in the current quarter, albeit on a low base. Further, 
preplacement of products could not happen in March 2020 due to the lockdown 
which impacted sales and margin. For the full year 2019-20, the performance was 
modest due to erratic and subsequently delayed monsoon which limited application 
opportunities. During the year, the company successfully launched Hitweed Maxx, 
which is an in-house cotton herbicide and Hanabi, which is a specialist to control 
mites on tea plantations. Going forward, these products should help increase 
revenues and profitability. 
In our subsidiary, Astec Lifesciences, it was one of the best quarterly performance 
as revenue and EBITDA grew by 35% and 66%, respectively. Higher realization 
along with volume growth in key products contributed to this growth. For the full year 
also, revenue and EBITDA (excluding the nonrecurring expenditure of Rs.6.2 crore) 
grew by 21% and 18%, respectively. Geographically, both domestic sales and 
exports contributed to our growth. 
Creamline Dairy Products Limited, our dairy subsidiary posted marginal revenue 
growth of 5% during the quarter. This was because milk sales were lower than last 
year and volumes of value-added products were also impacted by the COVID-19 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
disruption in mid-March. However, for the full year, value-added products have 
grown at a faster pace than overall growth. As a result, the share has increased to 
29% of sales from 24% two years ago. Profitability for the quarter and for the year 
was impacted by high milk procurement prices. While we have taken price hikes at 
regular intervals, the entire cost increase could not be passed on to the customer 
due to time lags. In terms of new launches, we have launched “Jersey Recharge”, 
an energy drink for the youth which has been well received by the targeted customer 
segment. In the medium-term, our focus remains on increasing the share of higher-
margin value-added products in the overall product portfolio. 
Godrej Tyson Foods Limited, our poultry business, witnessed one of the most difficult 
quarters as output prices in the live bird business declined to the unprecedented low 
levels due to rumors linked to COVID-19. We incurred a quarterly loss of Rs.33.5 
crore at the operating level.  For the year the loss is at Rs.47.6 crore, as performance 
in the first nine months was also impacted by high raw material prices. However, I 
would like to highlight that the market has started improving the prices of live bird is 
increasing. Further, raw materials have started softening which should lead to 
improvement in performance in the near-term. 
GAVL’s joint venture in Bangladesh, ACI Godrej recorded a robust revenue growth 
of 83.3% in fourth quarter fiscal year ‘20, driven by strong volume growth in cattle, 
broiler and aqua feed. 
I now conclude our business and financial performance update for the quarter. I 
would take this opportunity to highlight that in these challenging times, we, at Godrej 
Agrovet, are fully committed to support our nation, customers, business partners and 
employees. We are well-equipped to manage the current situation based on the 
strong business continuity plan put in place. We are also focusing on cost 
optimization and working capital management. Our balance sheet remains strong 
with low gearing levels of 0.3 debt-to-equity and healthy liquidity position. 
With this, I close my opening remarks. We will be now happy to take your questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First 
question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
My first question is on Tyson Foods and the Poultry business overall. While you did 
mention that things have stabilized, as prices have sort of normalized now versus 
what we have seen in the last quarter. But your sense and your thoughts on how do 
you see both Tyson Foods as well as the poultry feed business panning out in the 
next financial year? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So let me just brief you that, normally, India places about 75 million-80 million broilers 
a week and it produces about 220 crore eggs a week. And you will be really surprised 
that in month of April, according to our calculations, the production has come down 
to 35 to 40 million a week, which is less than 50% and the egg production has come 
down to about 170 crore-180 crore per week. So, one of the problems right now in 
the industry is that the demand is still subdued, but the supply is matching the 
demand, in both eggs as well as chicken. So, that is why the prices have gone up to 
about Rs.95 to Rs.100 in different parts of the country and in southern part of the 
country it has already crossed Rs.105 a kilo, ex farm. Cost of production which was 
about Rs.84-85 in March, has substantially dropped to about Rs.77-78 now and 
dropping. Because raw material prices have come down, majorly because of low 
demand for raw materials as poultry feed demand has come down. Second reason 
is that the maize production of rabi has come into harvesting. This year the crop is 
bumper, mainly in eastern India. And to give you an idea which will play out in next 
few months in cost of poultry feed as well as cost of chicken and egg, in different 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
parts of the country in January, the price of corn was Rs.22 to 24 a kilo, today it is 
holding at Rs.12 to 14 a kilo and falling. So, we believe that next few months, the 
prices will be remunerative, low demand will also be met by low supplies, because 
in poultry we cannot up the supplies at very short notice. Heavy, heavy losses have 
been made, particularly in the chicken industry to the tune of something between 
12,000- 15,000 crore by all the players. You would not believe in March, the average 
price in some markets were Rs.4-5 a kilo when the cost of production was about 
Rs.84 a kilo, ex farm. So, we believe that this is likely to happen in next few months. 
The prices will be remunerative. 50% of chicken demand is out of home 
consumption. In case that comes back in next few weeks to the tune of 15%-20% of 
the original level also, we will see shortages of chicken and the prices going up, 
coupled with raw material prices down, I think the profitability will improve in this 
segment.  
                                       Another thing which we are seeing is surge in value added products, heat-and-eat 
products, ready-to-cook products, etc., there is a big surge in demand in spite of very 
poor distribution still. The reason is that since out of home consumption has gone 
down, so people are experimenting and having ready-to-eat products at home to just 
to replicate that and we strongly believe that home delivery models, heat-and-eat 
models will gain a lot of momentum, because out of home consumption will still take 
time to come back. As far as poultry feed is concerned, our major part in poultry feed, 
we sell close to about 5.5 lakh tons of poultry feed, out of that about 4 lakh tons or 
so is layer feed where we do not see any drop in the coming year, because egg is a 
steady business, whatever cut in production was there, we will come back in a few 
weeks’ time because the placement continue. Broiler feed was a smaller segment 
for us. We strongly feel that we will have about 10%-15% drop in broiler feed sales 
in this quarter as compared to the last quarter. The reason being that even though 
the placement has come down, the players have also reduced in this market. We 
can sell as much as we want. The one problem is that there is a shortage of cash. 
So, a lot of credit sales is happening for a lot of players, which we are not 
encouraging. So in all, I feel that both cattle, poultry likely to do well in coming 
months. In case there is a small pickup in out of home consumption demand in 
chicken, chicken prices will also be at a very profitable level. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So, sir on the Animal Feed business, barring this quarter we have seen in the last 
maybe 7, 8, 9-quarters wherein we had showed a strong volume growth more or less 
in tandem with the guidance of around 10-12%-odd volume growth. Do you think 
FY’21 can see that sort of a volume growth rebound again especially when, the rest 
of the industry, as you rightly mentioned, is reeling under pressure and there could 
be consolidation-led benefits to us there? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So, consolidation, I do not know, because not too many assets come up for sale in 
this industry. You have seen in past that people exit and come back because entry- 
exit barriers are very low. But I can definitely say that, first and foremost, the prices 
of output have to be at remunerative level, which are at the moment especially in 
aqua, both shrimp and fish prices are very remunerative, egg and chicken prices are 
getting remunerative and will continue to be remunerative for some time because if 
the consumption goes up 20-30% more than what it is now there will be shortages. 
Cattle feed still is a little bit low because the milk prices have not gone up. Substantial 
part of milk production is consumed in the institutional sector. All these chai, coffee 
shops, long shelf life products, ice creams, etc., in spite of being the season, normally 
summer is the season for these products, but the demand has not picked up. Once 
it picked up definitely in a reduced market also,  we see our market share going up 
as far as animal feed is concerned. 
Ankur Periwal: 
My last question is on the Crop Protection business, both on standalone and on 
Astec. Standalone, while the margin sort of corrected sharply for us in the quarter as 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
well as for the year end, your thoughts there? And on Astec what has been driving 
the growth and the outlook ahead. 
Balram S. Yadav: 
I will answer the crop protection business question and my colleague, Mr. Arijit will 
answer the Astec question. In crop protection business, we are on an overdrive as 
far as collections and hygiene of the business is concerned. And it so happened that 
we have picked up a lot of material from the market, which was reversed in sales in 
the first half of March. Normally in the second half of March, just because the credit 
periods are very strict for distribution, distributor pick up the material towards end of 
the month. There is a certain amount of advanced booking particularly in products 
like Oryzostar, Hitweed Maxx, which had happened and there were substantial 
orders we had, but we could not dispatch and everything was shut from 22nd of 
March. I think that hurt us in the margins. We could do that in April, but definitely the 
game is on. Most of our production facilities came into production by first half of April, 
as it was not classified essential initially. Just like feed and milk and others, they 
came into production in the first week of April. But we believe that we will recover the 
lost ground in coming weeks. 
Arijit Mukherjee: 
Astec, we have to think the business like two parts. There is the generic businesses, 
i.e. there is the enterprise businesses. In the fourth quarter we had both advantages 
of one, entirely across the globe, there was a disruption from Chinese supply side 
because the Chinese problem with COVID started during December, which 
aggravated like by middle of January, which coincided with the New Year. So, that 
was one of the advantages. Because we re-positioned ourselves, major purchases 
shifted from China to us. We captured a lot of Southeast Asian market, Russia, CIS 
market opened up very strongly. That has been one of the good and that will be a 
permanent good, plus the US, Europe markets remain. These changes will be to 
some extent permanent because most of the multinationals will be now actively 
looking for de-risking. This one change in terms of enterprises will be there.  
                                       Second changes which will happen is or which we are also experiencing is shifted to 
the CMO businesses because if you see most of the multinationals are working in 
asset sale. So they do not produce much actives within themselves. They just 
procure it either from China or India, and majority almost 70-75% is working from 
China only. So, that is a shift. Almost this year, we have launched two new products. 
So, that is actually a shift from China because they used to procure from China and 
it has shifted to Astec. So these two changes will more or less remain permanent. 
You will see more of Japanese projects coming to Astec as well as to other 
companies. And enterprise businesses derisking will go on. So, coming year also we 
think this type of growth, we will be able to maintain. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the Kapil Popat from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Kapil Popat: 
I have two questions. One is you have talked in your presentation about the 
expenditure control measures and there was also a talk that the liquidity is very good. 
So if you could elaborate on both these points, it would be very helpful for us? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
As far as fixed cost and variable cost control, there are several measures which have 
been implemented by us. First and foremost is that we have frozen recruitment that 
we did probably in February and there is a big focus on productivity improvement. 
The second is that just because of COVID there is a benefit of very little travel which 
used to be a very big cost for us because we had almost 700 people and 250 
managers, etc., traveling. So, I think that cost has come down. And all the other costs 
have been curtailed particularly no conferences. We have also not given the annual 
increments also in the first quarter and we will review the situation towards the end 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
of first quarter where we are and what is the COVID situation and how the impact of 
COVID on business is playing out.  
                                       Having said that in the variable cost, definitely we have curtailed sales promotion 
expenses, discounts and commissions substantially. One of the reasons is that even 
production is a premium right now, so whatever is produced is sold, so there is no 
need for push kind of promotion expenditures. Apart from that we are keeping a very 
strong control on credit right now. One of the problems we had particularly in Aqua 
Feed business and our Crop Protection business has been bad debt. And I think this 
is something which we are controlling. Some amount of recoveries have also 
happened in first few months of this year including April and that we should try and 
continue, in time to come. If you really ask me the most important two things in this 
year would be; first one will be on cash. I think we just do not want to increase our 
debt. We want to recover the money and we want to be very low on loan. And second 
thing is that we just want to clamp down on both fixed and variable costs. I think it is 
also giving us an opportunity to also realize what all can be given up even in good 
times, because I think for all companies for everybody, these 45-days have been eye 
opener. 
Kapil Popat: 
And also about how are you managing the liquidity? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
I think had COVID not happened we were sailing very well and our debt would have 
been very, very low, but unfortunately, our collections really suffered towards the end 
of March, everybody pays between 20th and 30th of the month. So, debt is still at 
about 0.23% or 0.25% of the equity which is a good level. This is a season also. So, 
naturally some debt will go up, but we are seeing our collection system and in some 
businesses, we are seeing if the output prices improve in coming weeks, the 
collection will improve substantially. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, my question is regarding palm oil business. So, what is the utilization of the plant 
currently and how is the availability of FFB? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Palm oil business is a very predictable business; if you know the age of our plantation 
and the standards of production at a particular age, you will be able to predict our 
FFB production, the only variable is normally the weather that particularly monsoon, 
in case the monsoon is good, then we do not see any problem. Our season normally 
is July, August, September and October where we receive almost 55% to 60% of the 
fruits, but the initial arrival trends are good. We are running one of our mills which 
can do 1200 tons per day right now, in another week we will start the other mill which 
will do 1200 tons. We are also refurbishing another mill, which will have a capacity 
of 600 tons per day. Last year our peak was close to about 2400 to 2500 tons per 
day. This year our peak for about two, three weeks is likely to be more than that. 
That is why we need three plants functioning. So you can say that normally the 
capacity of these plants is calculated on six monthly basis because almost five 
months the plants are operated once a week. So today we have a capacity of 3,000 
tons per day at peak capacity, today we are operating at about 1200 tons per day. 
Sumant Kumar: 
There is no impact of the COVID-19 on the utilization side? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
I will tell you the impact of COVID-19. The fruits will come, they have to be harvested, 
they will be brought, there will be oil in the fruits, depending on whether the fruits will 
be more or less and the oil will be more or less. The only problem is because of 
COVID now the prices of both crude palm oil and palm kernel oil have started coming 
down. The reason is crude palm oil import close to 9 million tonnes and most of the 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
crude palm oil is consumed by the institutional players, all these bakeries, 
confectionery, eateries, etc., they consume huge quantities of palm oil and most of 
the domestic consumption in India is soft oil, which is your rice bran oil, sunflower 
oil, cottonseed oil, groundnut oil, soya oil, etc. We strongly believe that in case the 
out of home consumption or the institutional consumption remains subdued, palm oil 
prices are not likely to rise and maybe in case they fall too much, the government 
will bring in more duties. As far as palm kernel oil is concerned, palm kernel oil is an 
industrial oil which is used in FMCG sector and some beauty products, etc., So, once 
those factories start and that consumption rises, palm kernel oil consumption will 
also rise. So, our sense is that there will be no effect of COVID on production, on 
yield, on OER, etc., the only effect will be on the prices in case the consumption does 
not go up. 
Sumant Kumar: 
What is the price now currently? 
Balram S. Yadav 
Rs.58,000-59,000 a ton. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Similar level of previous year? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
No, previous year was a little less. But if you take for example, March prices had 
gone to Rs.67,000-68,000 a ton also about six weeks ago. 
Sumant Kumar: 
How is the utilization of crop protection plant? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Crop protection plant, we have permission to run two shifts only because there is a 
staggered opening of the industrial activity in different states. First, they gave us 
permission for two weeks. We ran about eight hours shifts and maintained all 
protocols and procedures which they were checking and based on that performance, 
we got permission for another shift and we hope that from 17th onwards we will be 
able to run three shifts regularly. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So currently it is at 50% utilization, right? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Not 50%, you can say that just because we are not taking weekly offs, etc., we can 
run the plants by giving OT, etc., in these times. So, we will be operating at about 
65% to 70%. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, there will not be loss for the industry and for you? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
No-no-no, my dear, these plants should have run 100% capacity from 15th March 
onwards. Whatever is lost, I hope we are able to make it by running it on weekly offs, 
etc., and improving productivity. So, industry has lost almost one month of 
production. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
Just wanted to understand on the Crop Protection business. I think the idea of 
reducing our debtor days in FY’21.  Given the COVID impact now, the unexpected 
impact can we push that plan ahead by some time or will we still be looking to cut 
down working capital days in the coming year in the domestic business? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Man Proposes, God Disposes. So, I think what my answer is anybody’s guess. We 
will try and balance risk with the business. So, I think that the kind of discipline we 
wanted to bring in, in collections, in inventory management will be relaxed for some 
time at least during season and we will see how we can tighten it. We will try and 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
balance that whatever is possible. I think decision is not the year of value growth, 
etc., and sell all kinds of generics, this year we will focus on profitability, on 
collections, etc. We have the products, which we are sure that if the season is good, 
can give us good collection and larger volumes also. 
Madhav Marda: 
And the palm oil season last year, we also had the pricing pressure, what was the 
level of the palm oil prices in Q1 of last year same time when the margins were facing 
pressure? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Q1 of last year, I think, if I correctly remember the CPO prices were at Rs.53,000- 
54,000 a ton and palm kernel prices were Rs.65,000-66,000 a ton. Unfortunately, 
palm kernel prices had dropped to below 60,000 because of lack of demand, and 
this year also palm kernel prices are very low. Normally, there used to be a difference 
of 50%-60% between CPO and CPKO prices, but not anymore. Let us see if the 
FMCG sector opens particularly the personal products, etc., in coming weeks, palm 
kernel oil prices will go up substantially. That is what our expectation is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kashyap Pujara from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
I had a couple of questions. So first is regarding the Godrej Tyson business. Just a 
broader question would be, are we the rightful owners of this business over time? 
And given the fragmented and commoditized nature of the segment, do you think 
over time, there is a sizable profit opportunity for us and what could those broad 
strategy or thought process be from your side? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So, let me just break that business into two parts. One is the branded business which 
is the real good chicken and yummies, and the other is the live business which is a 
commodity business. Let me also tell you that this industry has grown at a CAGR of 
about 7%- 8% volume for last 20-years in India. In spite of COVID, in spite of all the 
ups and downs in this industry, in 7-8 years the chicken consumption will again 
double in this country because this is a protein which is acceptable to most of the 
Indians because India is not going to be a beef country or a swine country. It will 
have to be chicken, egg and milk which will be the chief sources of animal protein. 
Now, the only problem with this industry is that the processing or the branded 
business are 1%- 2% of the total size of the industry, which is close to 70,000-80,000 
crore and the branded chicken business will be about 2,000- 3,000 crore and we are 
the large player in that segment.  
                                        But it is still not big, it is still not growing because of several reasons. One of the 
reason is adoption by the consumers, the other is cold chain, etc., So, it is tricky. 
Two drivers of these businesses which we have studied countries like ours, which 
exploded in these areas about 15-20-years ago, the drivers were rise of modern retail 
and food laws. Both are not happening at the pace on which they should happen in 
a country as populated and as congested as us. So, I think this is a drawback which 
is there. Of course, there are plenty of times that things improve because of certain 
events like China after the bird flu banned, street processing or street slaughter of 
chicken and suddenly there was a plethora of chicken processing plants at the 
investment of thousands of crore which came up in China post bird flu in 2003-2004. 
From 10% processing in 10-years China has become 90% processing industry. So, 
that is unlikely to happen. But if this event can increase the pace of growth of this 
segment, because of want have hygienic chicken and because of the growth of 
business models like direct-to-home and licious, etc., where chicken is delivered and 
you need not go to the shop to buy it, we believe that yummiez and real good chicken  
will have some kind of traction in time to come. On the live business, let me also tell 
you that we have data for last 15-years. But for these events like bird flu or COVID, 
we have always seen that patches of under-supply and patches of over-supply keep 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
the price balanced, we have to be on the lesser side of the cost curve. We have seen 
people exiting the industry. Ten players at one time control 10% of the industry 20-
years ago, now they control 60% of the industry, big become bigger. I am saying that 
there is opportunity. However, it is a matter of choice, strategy where we want to be 
and I think we would still watch before making our next move on this. 
Kashyap Pujara: 
Regarding the agri inputs, while you did discuss it earlier, but I recollect it we are in-
licensing molecules that we were supposed to get from R&D major. What is the 
progress on some of those initiatives which can ensure longer-term sustainability of 
growth? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
I think whatever we could launch, we launched. You know that in December we 
launched Hanabi, it is a Nissan product for miticide in tea and chillies. Response is 
excellent, whatever material we got, almost all of it is sold and results are very good. 
Most of the other products are at different stages of registration and I think this 
temporary disruption by COVID does not change a long-term story. Of course last 
year and this year we were banking very high on Oryzostar and Hitweed Maxx. 
Hitweed Maxx sold to our expectation. We produced about 160KL, we sold 160KL, 
but we also sold Hitweed normal of about more than 320, 330KL. And in this current 
year we were looking reversing the whole thing because we want to push Hitweed 
Maxx. The results are very good, it is an herbicide which take care of both sides of 
weed. So I think that story will continue and I think we had outlined, I do not have 
that paper with me right now, that there are three, four molecules which are under 
registration which will be launched in 2021 and 2022 and 2023, I think that is on 
track. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Rangnekar from Credit Suisse. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
My first question is on the Crop Protection segment. If you could just throw some 
light on what are the external challenges that you face in the coming six months from 
the farmers end, so it could be either labor availability or liquidity or just progress of 
sowing? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Let me just surprise you on a few things. Fertilizer sale is more than last year. Sowing 
and procurement is more than last year, inspite of all this. I think the state 
governments and the central government really did a marvelous job as far as the 
agriculture sector is concerned. Two installments of payments have already been 
transferred and slowly this will reach the farmers also. The seed sale is very brisk, 
be it paddy, be it corn and be it cotton. And my view is that several states have 
started sowing paddy also, particularly the nursery paddy, because the nursery is 
transplanted after three, four weeks into the main field which will happen post 1st to 
15th of June. So for that nursery preparation and sowing has already happened. 
Large parts of northern India are also thinking of dry sown rice which is called DSR, 
which because of labor shortage, they cannot muster enough labor to do 
transplanting, so they are going in for direct sowing. This is also good news for 
Herbicide Company because whenever we have direct sowing, the chances of 
herbicide usage are very high. So, I think that there are two show stoppers in this 
segment right now -- one is monsoon, which is a no-brainer and the second is that if 
you see all agro-chemical factories are located in certain pockets in this country 
which is Gujarat, Maharashtra, and to get excise benefits, a lot of companies are 
located in Jammu also. Now, depending on COVID situation, containment, red zone, 
lockdown starting, lockdown opening, because there are so many variables at play 
as far as industry is concerned and there is no consistent policy being adopted 
month-on-month, everything is so dynamic depending on the situation of COVID that 
it is changing, whether they will quarantine the factory for one week or three weeks 
or two weeks, that clarity is not there in different states. So I think if the industry is 
able to produce continuously and at full capacity number one. Number two,  is that 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
for the first time we are hoping that monsoon is late by a week or ten-days, so we 
will get 10-more days of production and we will cover up a lot of lost ground there. If 
these two things continue- good production and good monsoon continue, I do not 
think we are going to have a bad season. Liquidity should not be a problem. I did not 
read down kisan credit cards and direct benefit transfer, etc., which is going to 
happen, procurement has been much higher than last year, now the procurement of 
pulses and oilseed have started. So I think government will put enough money in the 
agri space. 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
On the Feed segment, do you think prices this year were lower because of the lower 
corn prices or lower maize and in that case can we be able to…? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
We always set our profit margin and contribution margin on rupees per ton. So, 
according to me, top line is vanity in feed business. 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
Then in that case we should be able to maintain our profitability on a per ton basis? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
I am saying that the way things are going and the way we believe, you may 
complement us for higher percentage of profit on sale, because sale price will come 
down because the raw material prices come down and the margin will expand 
because some price reduction we will keep.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, probably we are seeing that almost all the segments are doing well. So as a 
guidance, can we take maybe similar revenues or maybe plus/minus 5% in FY’21 
compared to FY’20, will that be a fair assumption? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So if you tell me what will happen to COVID, I will tell you exactly what will happen 
in Godrej Agrovet. There is too much dependent on consumption going up, in several 
segments we have, oil, milk, chicken, out of home consumption has to go up. So, I 
am saying that the situation is still fluid. This is essential services, people will eat 
come what may, they may not buy expensive cars for some time, etc., but they will 
not give up food and probably they will indulge more. So, we are in a decent position 
in case the consumption goes up. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Last question in this time many small but good businesses pass through a tough 
patch. Godrej Agrovet the way last time you had acquired Creamline and Astec. Do 
you see any opportunities to add good businesses at relatively lower valuation, is the 
management thinking on this line? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
We are always looking at inorganic opportunities to grow, so that will continue. Not 
that anything has come to us because of the current situation. But maybe in future, 
who knows. The balance sheet is strong and we will be more than keen to evaluate. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
But there is nothing in the pipeline in a way? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
There is nothing. Actually if you really ask me, today, I am saying that it is not easy 
to run business. I am saying we have 60-plus factories which are operating, but most 
of the senior management is stuck at home. I am saying most of our time is going in 
managing, motivating, facilitating business for our people. So, I am saying that there 
is no concentrated effort also we have put in this direction.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Gupta from Edelweiss 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Nihal: 
This is Nihal from edelweiss. I had two questions. First on Astec Lifesciences. At the 
start of the call you mentioned that there has been obviously orders which have come 
in from Southeast and potentially they could be permanent. Just to understand our 
key products, so what will be currently the pricing difference on an import parity basis 
compared to China both say for export markets as well as for India? 
Arijit Mukherjee: 
If you go by the dollar terms, more or less the export prices for India also is equivalent 
to Chinese. There has been a significant increase like if you say Tebuconazole, 
which is one of our major products. Q1 export is around 18.5, it increased to up to 
24, now it is back to 22.5. So more or less these prices will be in parity to China 
because China produces almost 5x of what we produce. International prices will be 
driven by them. The advantages which India has is in terms of cost of production. So 
profitability for Indian companies with the same price band will be almost a little bit 
better than the Chinese. But price is nothing we will be realizing more in international 
markets. That will still be driven by the Chinese. 
Nihal: 
On prices, you are saying, we are more or less similar at this point in time to Chinese? 
Arijit Mukherjee: 
Yes. 
Nihal: 
I had another question on dairy actually. I think it has been around five years since 
we acquired Creamline and we have obviously looked at the performance of a lot of 
other dairy companies also. Eventually, we do end up seeing that unless you have a 
strong procurement, we do end up seeing vagaries of price increases, ending up 
impacting profitability which has happened for us in this year. So as a longer-term, 
what is the thought process on dairy and in case the performance does not go as 
per expectations, are we open to considering hiving this business off also, just your 
thoughts on that? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Two things I want to say – First one is a conceptual thing. Investing and harvesting 
is also our business. So issue is that we will keep on evaluating and we will buy the 
business and we have sold the business and we have demonstrated that in past 
also. The second thing is I am saying that there are some things which if you ask me 
from the long-term point of view are going well for us, the new product development, 
the brand, the long shelf life products, their acceptance, etc., are all very good news 
for this business. Now, for last about five, six quarters, there have been lot of 
dissonance because of low milk prices and high milk prices and shortages, etc., and 
unfortunately when things started looking a little good, we were very-very keenly 
banking on the current summer month for some of our LSL products which have 
really gained momentum, but unfortunately this has hurt us. So if you really ask me 
in our own metric, if you are talking about profitability, etc., on the business, definitely, 
we are wanting more and we are lacking big time there. But if you all go by indices 
of brand about share of value added in total sales, margin on value added products, 
brand recall, etc., directionally we are right, and the performance is not bad at all. 
Now, one of our plans was that and I can share that with you since you ask me a 
sensitive question, very soon in a few quarters our contribution from our value added 
products will overtake our contribution from liquid milk. So, this is the kind of stability 
which we want in the business which will be like value added products are less 
susceptible to price fluctuations, etc., So directionally, we are right but I must also 
acknowledge the only failure on our part is that we are a year late on what we wanted 
to achieve in this business on all parameters. 
Nihal: 
The last follow-up on this. On the procurement side, currently, what are the thoughts 
on improving that on dairy side? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
We had a traditional procurement system through agents, etc., which we try to 
change. Now, almost about 20% to 22% of our milk is direct procurement from our 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
procurement centers. So this was one of the initiatives we have taken in every year 
that salience is increasing, and it will continuously increase because then we have 
more control if not on price of milk, but definitely on quality and quantity of milk which 
is very critical. So I am saying that that is a long-term thing. So companies have 
taken decades to build that system and we will also build that. But I think that the 
bigger initiative and the quick win is in case we get our LSL or say value added 
salience to 40%-plus from 29% this year, it could have been easily 30-33% had 
COVID not stuck, we were very-very optimistic about several of our products. 
Another thing which I wanted to point out is that we put a UHT plant two years ago 
and we are very glad to tell you that UHT products are not easy to sell but we have 
already broken-even in that plant in the year ’19-20 and will still be a profitable plant 
from this year onwards. Several things are pointing in the right direction. But as I 
said, you never know. Investing and harvesting is also our business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Biyani: 
So this Rs.150 crore of CWIP that we have, what are the assets in which we have 
invested? 
S. Varadaraj: 
This pertains to primarily two areas – one is we have put up a project for our animal 
feed business. This is for the raw material substitution project which is around Rs.120 
crore of CWIP and around Rs.22-odd crore in Astec, this is for our various projects 
including herbicide plant, etc., which we are setting up in Astec. So these are 
primarily the two big areas for the CWIP. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Capex for next year would be how much? 
S. Varadaraj: 
We expect it would be in the range of Rs.200-250 crore depending on how things 
pan out. 
Prashant Biyani: 
These would be in which segments? 
S. Varadaraj: 
We can sort of share that offline. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Just a follow up with Mr. Yadav. How do you see the cattle feed segment panning 
out next year for us in terms of both volume and profitability? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
The paddy crop and the rabi has been very good. The wheat also has been bumper, 
you would be knowing that. So I think de-oiled rice bran price which is almost 50%, 
60% of the quantity of raw material in cattle feed, the prices have started coming 
down which is also strange because normally this is the off-season for paddy and 
the price will go up. So, my sense is that margin as well as volume will expand in the 
coming year. The only caveat here is on volume. One of the important things which 
should happen is that milk consumption should go up. Milk prices are suffering 
because consumption is very low, particularly, in the out of home consumption 
segment. All these chai tapris and the coffee shops and the small coffee shops, the 
industrial canteen, ice cream in marriages, paneer in marriages and parties, etc., it 
is down to almost 10% in the country and particularly the sweets also are a big 
consumer of buffalo milk. So once all these things come up, in case this demand 
increases by another say 30%-40% of wherever we were a few months ago, you will 
see huge shortages of milk in next weeks in this country and that will be good for 
cattle feed volume growth. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And sir this palm oil consumption is mostly again out of home. So in case all these 
eateries and all do not happen, then even though on the production side we do not 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
have any issue in getting production growth, but do you see some pressure on the 
selling side? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Selling side pressure will not be there because import will reduce. So the only thing 
is that the price will go down. When the price goes down, the other soft oil prices will 
also go down, so the government will step in and put duties. I think we have seen 
that several times and it is a formula-based. So our margin and percentage will be 
protected. But I think what we are also interested in high prices, because their 
absolute margins are very high. 
Prashant Biyani: 
So volumes are not at risk in the palm oil. It is only the volatility in price? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
I think 96%, 97% accuracy every year. We know the standard, we know the age of 
our plantation, we know how much fruit will come, we know in what temperature, 
humidity conditions, how much is the oil extraction ratio, So, I think it is very 
predictable. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And sir, broadly what would be the out of home consumption for dairy or milk 
specifically for Agrovet and for the industry as a whole? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Let me just tell you that out of 180 MT roughly of milk, about 45-50 MT you can say 
is in the organized sector. And according to me, a third of that milk goes into value 
added products and institutional segment. All companies in South India who are our 
competitors, 20% to 30% of sales of different players is in the institutional segment 
largely the chai, coffee shops, small hotels etc. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sir, in this environment, which business you see tailwinds and room for market share 
gains? Historically, in these testing times we have seen bad debts occurring. So what 
are we doing to reduce risk, which segment has a potential risk if you can comment 
on that? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
My sense is if you ask me I see animal feed, agrochemical, Astec and crop protection 
business, aqua feed business, all these businesses will be steady or improving in 
time to come. As I already said, even if the size of the market reduces, bigger players 
will have slightly more market share, raw material prices are coming down. So we 
believe that there is an opportunity for margin expansion there. The issue will be 
chicken, milk and oil because there the out of home consumption is substantial part 
of the business. In milk, it is close to 30% and chicken it is close to 40% to 45%, in 
oil almost 9MT of palm oil which comes almost to 7- 8 MT is used in the institutional 
segment. So definitely it is a big country, lockdown cannot be forever, it has to come 
down, all the consumption has to come back. When it will come back, it is a matter 
of conjecture but my sense is that in terms of our focus on risk versus reward, this 
will be the list. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And we do not see any credit risk per se? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
In two businesses I see a little bit of credit risk right now. Aqua Feed business and 
the Crop Protection business. And credit risk is not the current credit risk because I 
am very sure that we will be very careful. I think in both these businesses we give 
credit of 90-120-days to several of our distributors. The good news from the aqua 
segment I need to tell you the shrimp prices have really skyrocketed after a bit of lull 
from US demand because out of home consumption of all foods is very poor in 
America. China stepped in and it is importing huge quantities of our shrimp. It had 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
the price of Rs.40 around gone to Rs.200, government declared a price of Rs.260 
which is a remunerative price for the farmers, but now it is prevailing at Rs.300-310. 
Fish prices also are very high because harvesting of fish has not happened and just 
because of lockdown, the harvesting and consumption is matching. So even though 
fish is in the pond, the prices are not going down. So once the system opens, 
definitely our recovery are possible. In agri, we have to see because we already have 
secondary markets which was supposed to come in February and March, have not 
come. Over and above how much credit, etc., we have to really track that path with 
lot of caution. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakhi Prasad from Alder Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rakhi Prasad: 
I just had a couple of data questions around the fresh fruit bunch that was processed 
in FY’20 and how much was your CPO also? 
S. Varadaraj: 
So we processed in FY’20 5,68,000 MT of fresh fruit bunches. For CPO, we sold 
around 98,600 MT through palm oil. Palm kernel oil we sold 12,000 MT. 
Rakhi Prasad: 
And your hectares under cultivation in FY’20? 
S. Varadaraj: 
That we will share it offline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nav Bharadwaj from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
Nav Bharadwaj: 
Sir, a short question on Astec. What I wanted to know is that the confidence that we 
are getting in terms of the sales that we have received in the previous quarter 
continue in the times ahead, is that based on a commercial inertia trend or have we 
signed some long-term or rolling contracts with new customers? 
Arijit Mukherjee: 
A combination of both. One is long-term agreement also have done One is a long-
term agreement also we have made that is covering both CMO businesses as well 
as the normal generic businesses. Plus, as our output has increased, the spot market 
has also improved. So previously, we were mostly into the contractual businesses, 
but now we have almost 10-15% of the stocks we sell on the spot price basis. So 
that also has given us a little bit higher increment in terms of price realization. 
Nav Bharadwaj: 
In terms of pricing, do we think this is sustainable at the current level? 
Arijit Mukherjee: 
Yes, current level will be sustainable because manufacturing, be it in India, be it in 
China is also a constraint. Chinese situation have improved a little bit, but still they 
are not on a 100% basis. There also productions are between 60%, 70%, 75%. And 
the cost of manufacturing across the globe has increased.  
Nav Bharadwaj 
So, volume, we are continuing with the same trend? 
Arijit Mukherjee: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Singh from Axis Bank. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Singh: 
Sir, this question was for Astec Lifesciences. How do you see the exports business 
of Astec? It has increased over the past three years, it has come up to almost 60% 
of the annual sales. So how do you see that being affected after this event? 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Arijit Mukherjee: 
Because of COVID there is no effect. These are all long-term positions and 
agriculture everywhere is an essential activity. So there would not be any negative 
effect of COVID. So, these are very sustainable businesses. 
Aditya Singh: 
One follow-up question on the Astec Lifesciences only. The Capex that we had 
committed to in Astec Lifesciences, as you had earlier said, that we have invested 
around Rs.22 crore in CWIP. So, what is the plan going forward for Astec in terms 
of debottlenecking? 
Arijit Mukherjee: 
Debottlenecking is a continuous process. Other than this investment has mostly 
been in herbicide plant. So, herbicide plant commissioning will start by third quarter 
this year. 
Aditya Singh: 
Sir, like just on the overall numbers to Balram sir, as you had earlier pointed out, it is 
based on the lockdown that we will be able to see how the overall sales pan out for 
the company, but our focus being on profitability, so, can we expect similar margins 
going forward? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
I cannot comment, but I do not know how to answer that question, at this time, it is 
difficult. If things improves, so we might see expansion in margins also. 
Nadir Godrej: 
COVID is causing raw material prices to fall, that is some compensation. 
Aditya Singh: 
I think there was a land parcel sales. So that has been mentioned in the investor 
PPT. So even last year, I think we had around Rs 30 crore that we had obtained from 
the land sale in Hyderabad. So as a part of strategy, was this planned? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So Godrej Agrovet has several land parcels, and some of them are old factories 
which are in industrial areas which have now changed, like there are feed factories 
which were started in early 80s or early 70s, and now those industrial areas are 
middle of residential or IT parks, etc. So we keep on looking at these opportunities 
of getting rid of real estate. But I think a small transaction is still remaining. Mr. 
Varadaraj, will you explain to him? 
S. Varadaraj: 
Yes, so out of the 100-odd acres, almost 86 acres is what we sold now, the remainder 
14-acres that project is still on. We are trying to plan some of the things. And if 
everything goes well, we will try and monetize that as well in the coming year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from Asian 
Markets Securities. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Sir, I was asking about the new launch in the energy drink space. So your strategy 
in this field and how we see developing the distribution in this area? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So one thing I must tell you is that there is a big focus on value-added products. 
More and more milk needs to be converted into value-added products to come out 
of this yoyo profitability because of milk procurement prices or milk sale prices 
because we also realize competing with cooperative is almost impossible with so 
much of government interference, etc. So definitely, that is the strategy. Now, this 
energy drink is made from the whey protein which comes out of paneer production, 
and this is a drink which is a low price point drink. It is a 10 bucks drink. It is a UHT 
packed drink. And it is a very good product at that price. But our main focus will 
continue to be more milk-based products like yogurts, ice creams, milk shakes, 
flavored milk, etc.,  

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
How you are currently positioned in terms of upcoming Karif season in terms of the 
product placement and overall inventory levels? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
Agri input season, I will be very frank that we are not where we normally should be 
in the first week of May because there is a huge amount of placement all the 
companies do in end-March and April. So that placement has started 15, 20-days 
late this year. The second thing is that most of the plants should be running full 
capacity from March to June-July. That some amount of loss of production has also 
happened, but we have already contracted some more factories to cope up with that 
loss. So according to me, I think, we will be there at the last year level definitely in 
terms of placement of product by end of May, which is the time when all the things 
which are required for kharif have to be placed. But if you really ask me, that is still 
dependent on the COVID situation, different districts, different industrial areas, 
different states having different lockdown rules depending on the COVID situation in 
their geographies. So I think more and more we hear that we will have to live with 
COVID, means that economic activity and industrial activity will be allowed to 
continue even though there are cases discovered here and there, because I think 
the life should go on. In case that happened, in case stability in production comes, I 
do not see why we will not be able to match and exceed last year levels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from East India 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
There was a big hit that we took in the feed segment because of the raw material 
price movement which was not in our favor. This was in spite of the price hike that 
we had taken. So, if you could just highlight a few of these raw materials that have 
moved against us and where do they stand as of today? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
I told you, that one of the big hit in the first nine months in our chicken business and 
in our feed business, particularly poultry feed business, was the corn prices 
unprecedented high, all-time high corn prices of Rs.22 to Rs.24 a kilo were seen last 
year. They did not come down in spite of a good crop because the poultry demand 
was very, very good. And now that poultry demand is almost vanished, the corn 
prices are coming down. This is supposed to be off-season. The rabi crop is only 
about 25%, 30% of the total crop. So normally, the prices do not sink to this level 
now, but the corn prices have come down to Rs.11.50-12 ex-Bihar right now. At this 
time last year, it was Rs.17, 18, so you can see the drop. Similarly, soya meal also, 
we cannot export too much. The production was very good last year and poultry 
demand used to be almost 70%, 80% of the soya meal demand. That has come 
down substantially. So soya meal is also likely to come down it is already dropping, 
but it is dropping slowly, but my sense is that in time to come soya meal will also 
come down by at least about 7% to 8% more. From the peak, it has already dropped 
about 15%. De-oiled rice bran, again, the rabi paddy, 4, 5 MTof crop has been very 
good, all these shelling mills and solvent extraction plants will start again and we can 
see that impact of DORB, it has dropped about Rs.1,000-1,500 at different places 
on a base of Rs.11,000 in last 1, 1.5-months. So my sense is that the raw material 
position in feed will be bearish, the demand in poultry feed will be bearish, but this 
will benefit our chicken business and our feed business and to a certain extent milk 
business also because cost of production of milk for farmers is also coming down. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
If you could just put a price to where the soya meal prices were and where they are 
now? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So it was Rs.36,000,-37,000 ex-Indore per ton about 1.5 months ago or so, now it is 
31,500- 32,000. So do not tell me that in the morning I asked it is 500 more or 500 
less, I am talking about ballpark because even as we talk, prices are changing. So I 
am saying that this is the thing. I think almost 13%-15% drop in last 45 days, 50%-

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
60% drop in last 45-days in corn and about 10%-15% drop in de-oiled rice bran in 
last 20, 25-days. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prit Nagersheth from Wealth 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
The only other question I wanted to know was in palm oil which is the government 
has banned the import of refined palm oil. So how does that affect us? 
Balram S. Yadav: 
So crude palm oil will still be imported, and soft oil will still be imported, but the 
refining margins will become better, so refiners will make more money. Earlier, 
refined oil could be imported, so it was refined, refining margins were suppressed 
because of the import parity, etc. Mr. Godrej, would you like to add something on 
palm oil? 
Nadir Godrej: 
Yes, so palm oil prices have fallen (Inaudible) 80:35-80:42, no longer much in 
demand. The government did bring some licenses for refined palm oil. But if the 
refined palm oil is coming from Nepal or Bangladesh where they have lower import 
duties, the government is blocking those imports because they are not properly 
certifying the country of origin. So, I think very little refined palm oil will come in. And 
as Balram said, that will give the refiners good margin and the palm oil prices have 
fallen and in the season, they may fall a little bit more. But if palm oil goes way below 
soybean oil, even in-house consumption of palm oil will start even if the out of home 
consumption of palm oil is very high. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Nadir Godrej: 
I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the company, we would happy to be of 
assistance. Stay safe and stay healthy. Thank you once again for taking the time to 
join us on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Godrej Agrovet Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
