1t July, 2020
To,
The Corporate Services Dept.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
BSE Ltd.
Exchange Plaza,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
C-i, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai
— 400 051.
Symbol: COMPINFO
ISIN: 1NE070C01037
Sub: Transcript of Analyst Call held on Thursday, 25th Tune, 2020
at 2.30 p.m. 1ST
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,
Pursuant
to
Regulation
30
of
the
SEBI
(Listing Obligations
and
Disclosures
Requirements) Regulations, 20i5, we enclose herewith the transcript of the tele
conference call with the analysts held on Thursday, 25th June, 2020 at 2.30 p.m. 1ST, to
discuss the Operational and Financial performance for Q4 & FY20 and allied matters.
Please take the disclosure above on records.
Place: Mumbai
End: As above
0-601/602 & 0-601/602.
Lotus corporate Park,
Graham IhTh Steel Compound.
Western express Highway Goregoon (E).
Mumbol
— 400 063, IndIa.
Ph.:+91-22-671 1 4444
Fax:+91-22-6711 4445
InforcornpuagOhdlacom
vnAvc ompuqg&ndla corn
CIN. L99999MH1 999PLC1 35914
kXU Speed
Reliability
Value Performance
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Dalal Street,
Mumbai 400 001.
Security Code: 532456
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully
For Compuage Infocom Limited,

Reliaoj4
LU.@j t*k.e ntxrnq,9
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
“Compuag Infocom Limited
Q4 & FY2020 Earnings Conference Call”
June 25, 2020
JJ Roiictgpy
Value Performa,cc,
COMPIJAGE INFOCOM LID
MANAGEMENT. MR
AWL
MEHTA
-
CHAIRMAN
&
MANAGING
DIRECTOR
- COMPUAGE JNFOCOM LIMITED
Page 1 of 13

u eed
:r’1 fleffubJIlly
II\1 VtkJe Performance
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocorn Limited
June 25 2020
Moderator
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Compuage Infocom Limited Q4 &
FY2020 Earnings Conference Call
This conference call may contain forward looking
statements about the company which arc based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of
the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and involve risks and uncerlainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder.
all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing
“ then
0” on your touchtone
phone Please note (hat (his conferenct is buing recorded
I now hand the conference over to
Mr Atul Mehta Chairman & MD Compuagu Infocom Limited for his opening remarks
Thank you and over to you Sir1
Atul Mehta:
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on Compuage Infocom
Limited’s Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call. I hope you and everyone around you are
safe and in good health. Along with me ioday. we also have SGA. our Investor Relations
Advisors,
We have uploaded our press release and results presentation on the stock exchanges and I
hopt. everybody has had a chance to go through the same
Let me start tht. call with an overview ol business dunng FY2020 FY2020 has betn a very
eventful year for our company Our focus and energy dunng FY2020 was pointed towards
business generation from more profitable segments like enterprise and cloud services, while
IT consumer and mobility segment continue to perform as per our expectations. This has
enabled us to enhance Ihe return on capital of our business.. As a result, in spite of a 6%
drop in total income for FY2020. our gross profit and EBITDA has in fact increased by 3%
and 12% respectively in FY2020 as compared to FY2019 with a ROCE of 14.9% and ROE
of 15.1% in FY2020.
Similarly for Q4 FY2020 our total ‘nt.omt. dropped by I 9% however our gross profit was
at similar levels as compared to last year and EBITDA increased by 44% as compared to
Q4 FY2OI 9 on the back of cost rationalization in employee and other expenses.
We have been able to better our profitability metrics during FY2020 in spite of zero
business operations conducted during ihe later part of March 2020 due to the lockdown. I
am also happy to announce that in line with our principle to create value for all our
shareholders we have announced a final dividend at 10% of face value.
Page 2 of 13

fJ
Ij Value Perto’mance
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage lnf’ocoin Limited
June 25, 2020
Let me now touch upon how Covid-19 has changed the thnainics of this business:
Covid-19 has disrupted every business in every industry you can think of. It has impacted
both the supply and demand side of the equation. To prevent spreading of the virus, state
and central governments have imposed strict lockdowns which also resulted in shutdown of
our warehouses and offices as well during later part of March and April. All our backend
office operations were smoothly conducted through work from hon. Digital medium of
communication has been used expensively and the organization as a whole has evolved to
work under the new normal. Starting from mid May. business operations have started and
we have witnessed demand improving week on week from the start and we hope to be back
to pre-Covid levels very soon.
We have also implemented strict guidelines on undertaking necessary precautionary
measures for social distancing. limited manpower, staggered working. work from home.
regular screening and sanitization, preventive healthcare, health checkops and necessary
guidance and advisory for providing a safe working environmcnt to all our cmployees
Unlike other tndustrius
IT product sectors though bnefly disrupted for a short penod of
time in fact tend to gain trtmendous( in longer term Let me explain this in detail why
Firstly lockdown has forct.d many corporations to implement work from home to tnsure
the business continuity just like we did, which has enabled a new strong demand for
laptops, mobiles. will routers and supporting infrastructure devices which help improve
efficiency while working from home.
Second. many startups and offices are planning to cut down office space requirement and
moving towards permanent remotes working solution. This will require companies to invest
extensively in IT products to ensure proper communication with employees and maintain
optimum productivity.
Third. cyber security software and services will be a big beneficiary as companies will
increase the spending on cyber security software as employees working &om remote
locations are vulnerable tu malware attacks. This is one area where no company would like
to compromise.
Fourth, companies will invest in best in class cloud services as employees need lu access
data from various locations remotely. Lastly, demand for smart devices like smartphones &
laptops will improve significantly as people realise the important role they play to stay
connected & for entertainment. All these factors together will increase the demand for IT
Page 3 of 13

oeed
•
Pel?oti4IIty
- \tike Pedctmonce
COMPUAGE INFOCOM UD
Compuage Infocom Limited
June 25, 2020
products significantly and we. as one nf the pan India IT Distrbution company. are well
placed to capture the opportunity.
Let me now give you an overview of our consolidated Q4 and FY2020 results:
Let me start with the return ratios. as in our kind of distribution business, it is not about the
margins but what is more important in the end, is what kind of return you generate for each
rupee of capital invested. Our return on capital employed for FY2020 was 14.9% as
compared to 13.5% in FY2019 up by 140 basis points year-over-year. ROE for Ff2020 was
15.1% as compared to 12.8% in FY20l9 up by 230 basis points year-over-year.
Now coming to the financials. total income for Q4 FY2020 stood at 1048.4 Crores as
compared to 1298.6 Crores in Q4 FY2OI9. down by 19% year-on-year. primarily due io
zero business operations towards end of March on account of lockdown.
Total income for FY2020 stood at 4249.2 Crores as compared to 4531.4 Crores in FY20 19
down by 6% year-over-year. Gross profit for Q4 FY2020 stood at Rs54.8 Crores as
compared to 547 Crores in Q4 FY20 19 at similar lewis when compared to last year on the
back of the better product mix
Gross profit for FY2020 stood at Rs.194.9 Crores as compared to Rs.188.5 Crores in
FY2OI9, up by 3% year-over-year. EBITDA for Q4 FY2020 stood at Rs.32.3 Crores as
compared to Rs.22.4 Crores in Q4 FY2OIQ. up by 44% year-over-year on the back of strong
optimization in operating expenses.
EBITDA for FY2020 stood at Rs.105 Crores as compared to Rs.93.6 Crores in FY2019. up
by 12% year-over-year. PAT for Q4 FY2020 stood at Rs.10.5 Crores as compared to Rs.5.9
Crores in Q4 FY20 19. up by 76% year-over-year.
PAT for FY2020 stood at Rs.30.5 Crores as compared to Rs.22.7 Crores in FY2OI9. tip by
34% year-over-year.
Speaking about our liquidity position. our total debt, which includes long-term and short
term. stood at Rs.472 Crores as on March 2020 as compared to Rs.483 Crores in March
2019, a slight reduction as compared to last year. The important point to note here is that
about 450 Crores in total debt is working capital which is linked to business operations. so
not fixed in nature. Our debt equity ratio has considerably improved from 2.7x last year to
2.3x in March 2020. Our focus would continue to lower the debt equity ratio to optimize
our capital structure. The company is currently in a comfortable liquidity position to meet
all its financial and other committnents.
Page 4 of 13

Speed
•
Ieflab1lIty
___
Value Performance
COMPIJAGE INFOCOM
Compuage Infocom Limited
June 25, 2020
In addition, we have undertaken rigorous assessment of operation. liquidity in different
business scenarios and plan the potential measures to ensure sufficient liquidity in the
coming year such as additional cost saving, expediting collections, while ensuring that
spending on good cost. imperative for busincss recovery, is not compromised.
Going into FY2O2I. we believe that although we have lo t couple of months we hope that
the renewed and pcnt up demand for IT products during the remainder of the year will
remain and will make up for the lost sales. With pan India reach, strong brand portfolio.
efficient supply chain and excellent service, we are confident to grow our business and
continue to pmvide value to our customers. With this, I now open the floor for Q&A.
Moderator:
Thank you very muck We will now begin the qucstion and answer session. The first
question is from thc. lint of Ankit Agarwal from Arc Capital. Please go ahead.
Ankit Agarwal;
I have a couple of questions here. So the first one being, Sir what is the segment wise
revenuc contribution in FY2020 as compared to last year9
Atul Mebta:
So we have broken it into five verticals, IT consumer contributes about 34%, IT enterprise
contributes about 46%, cloud contributes about 1.5% and services has a very small topline.
it contributes less than 0.5%. it is more a bottomline driven business.
Ankit Agarwal:
And Sir comparcd to last year, what has bccn the major chanoc?
Atul Melita:
So we have primarily been ablc to grow our enterpnse business over the previous year,
number one. Number two, we have also gotten into this cloud business, cloud servicts, so
these are the two major initiati’.es and changes o’er the pre’ious year.
Anldt Agarwal:
Sir second question being, on the Covid, so like what has been the Covid impact on our
business, if you can quantify it if it is possible?
AtulMebta:
See we are into hardware, software and services. Of that, software is a very
mall portion of
our total business
so bulk of it beinc hardware. Now almost from March 22nd, 23rd we
have been under complete lockdown till about mid May, so our complcti. operations
including all our warehouses were shut. We gradually started operating from mid May
slowly and steadily some ot them got operational only by about May end at locations like
Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Chcnnai, Dclhi and a fcw other locations. So during that pcriod,
salts have bccn virtually zero, why I am saying virtually, is hcacust. the only business that
we could transact dunng this time, was Microsoft license and the cloud business which
could happen without physical movement ot goods which is for our total portfolio, being
PageS of 13

eed
0
IoiIobIIIiy
___
Voluefbrfofrngnce
COMPIJAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
June 25, 2020
less than 5%, 6%, so it is very, very insignificant. So during that punod our business has
been virtually zero.
Ankit Agarwah
Sir. ont. continuing question. like recently there has been a lot of anti China sentiment So
by boycotting China goods, will that have any impact on the company?
Awl Mehta:
So I do not think it will have any impact on the IT industry, I should not say any impact by
and large it should not have much impact on the IT industry becausL directly or indirectly,
every single product of IT comes out of China. Yes
there art. manufacturers who have
multiple operations. Bulk of the laptops come out of China; you name the brand and it
comes out of China. Likewise, Cisco, they have multtple factories globally, so we get
products from vartous parts of the world. So there is practically no manutacturing
happening in India as far as IT products are concerned. At most there is some assembling
happening where the products come, again from China, So while the sentiments are
changing, but I do not think there is any option as far as all thesc products and services are
concerned for the country today.
Ankit Agarwal:
Pine Sir. That is all from me-Thanks a lot.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line ot Nimish Shtth from GT Advisors. Please
go ahead.
Niinish Sheth.
Couple of questions on my end. Just follow-up on tht. question that the first participant
asked
that is a further qucstion on China
So the first question is, how is the pricing
environment for your product?
Atul Mehta
Sorry can you come again please.
Nimish Sheth:
What is the pricing en’ ironment for your product? Is there any pressure on pricing etc, and
this is related with tht. question on China, it for any reason import duties on goods coming
from China would go up. how tasy would it be for you to pa s it on. that is the first
question?
Atul Mehta:
As we speak there is no real pricing impact on the product catecory and since there is a
longer lead cycle for the products, it is typically anywhere between 4 to I’ weeks from
manufacturing to tht. vtndors indenting and getting the supplies into the country and thtn
supplying to us. So as ot now there are no real changes. Now anything in terms of any duty
changes that comes about that I am sure would have an impact in future, but thert. are two
aspects to it one is if the impact is there, it would be tht.re for the entire industry, so we
would not be indifferent to that. Second is, its impact on the demand generation. Now that
Page 6 of II

eed
RelloblUfr
Value Performance
COMPIJAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
June 25, 2020
is something that we will have to set to what extent it goes up and whether the consumers
decide to slowdown becausc thc impact is too much or the demand has to be met and
therefore it does not really matter what is thc price because we need the equipment for the
day to day, either for operations or for persona] use,
Nimish Sheth:
My next question is on your debt equity basically the debt. You mcntioncd that your debt
equity is now down to 2.3x, it is a marginal reduction in the overall debt, bulk of your debt
however is working capital and the other tatement you made in our press release is that you
are hoping to catch up in th
current year which means your revenue for the current year
more or less would be similar to what you did in the previous year FY2020 My question is,
assuming that your revenue is pretty much same, how your payment terms would be are
customers asking tor longer payment cycle since your working capital is going to incrcase
in the current year and requirement got increased, what is your sense on that9
Atul Mehta:
So payment cycles for the time king havt. becn affected, we have had on an average, if we
were to look at our turnaround cycle from receivables have been at about 50 days which
went up during this Covid period. Likewise, we have also received support from our
vendors and they have also been supportive and we could enhance our payment days to our
vendors as well so I do not think net, there would be a big ditterence while of course we
are much more disciplined in our payment to our vendors and therefore it they have given
us x days of extension we have to honour it whereas our customers. soon. of them may not
be as disciplined and it goes a little loneer so it would co up marginally, hut not
signiticantly that would affect the liquidity of thc bu mess.
Nimish Sheth:
My last question is on your cloud busine s what exactly do you do in cloud business and
how do you see the growth in this busincss as more and mon. entcrprises are going to
continue to ha’e thc employees working from homc?
Atul Mehta:
So what we do in cloud is like currently we sell Microsoft licenses through resellers where
it is perpetual. likewise we sell same Microsoft under cloud services on an annuity basis so
the subscriber or the user pays basis the plan that they have opted for, but it is again through
rcscllcr
so basically we sell licenses here we sell the cloud services on an annuity basis.
Yes we otter more presale support and post sale support again to our customers, that is the
reseller, who would be equipped to bandIt thcir end customers with on ite services or
whatever is required. So the biggest advantage of cloud is that the customers keep getting
the upgrades and thcy are always onto the lat st version. that is the biggest advantage that
user has and does not have to worry about making huge investments in a license and then
optimizing it and ihen waiting for a right movement to again go for an upgrade so that is
thc biegtst advantage and because of this reason, the western pan of the world has moved a
Pagc 7 ot 13

1_WI
IeIlebiIIy
Ik1 Value A3rlo’mance
COMPIJAGE INFOCOM LiD
Compuage Infocom Limited
June 25, 2020
lot towards the cloud, maybe upwards of 30%. 40%, whereas India is yet to migrate to that
kind of percentages for two reasons4 one is culturally we are all inclined wanting to own our
product number one, number two, there is also a fear of security which is getting addressed,
customers are getting consinced. So cloud is a high growth area and it we want to be in
distribution in software, in security and services over the period ot time, maybe next three
to five years, our license sales will keep dropping and cloud salts will keep going up so it is
a transition which will happen and as we speak. India has a very low cloud business as of
now but it is increasing year-over-year.
Nimish Sheth.
Thank you so much and all the best tor the year. Thank you Sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is trom the lint ot Atul Shah from Progwell Securities.
Please go ahead,
Atul Shah;
Sir I have a couple of questions, Sir basically we had partnered with HP last year for our
ser’ice business, so how the same has been scaling up?
Atul Mehta:
So we have partnered with UP in the Q4 of FY2020. By the time we got trained and work
got started, there wa the lockdown So very frankly that business has not taken off only for
this lockdown reason hut that does not change anything as we had mentioned, we are first
starting and doing a pilot project in Mumbai Once we settle down in a quarter, we will then
start expandine to the other parts of the country. So the plan still remains intact, nothing
changes. It was the ensironment which has slowed down the proc ss.
Atul Shah:
So do you think it will fully take off by the end of Q2 FY2021?
Atul Mehta:
Absolutely, in fact the as we speak, the work has already started this month because our
engineers were on payroll and they are just waiting to take oft’. So the work has already
started of course in a slow way because of containment zones and various other challenges
that we face and we have to be careful for our people so the work has started and assuming
that the environment only gets positive from the Covid situation, by Q2 end, we will be well
settled into this business.
Atul Shah:
Sir in a full fiscal year, means, whenever it is operational how much re’.enue we expect to
generate from thi business?
Atul Mehta:
See for HP business, we are not able to predict as of now for the simple reason that we need
to settle down. we are just I would say getting started in this business, but as far as our
ser’ices business is concerned, we plan to grow quite significantly. The goal is to grow by
about 30%, 409’. hut we are not quantifying the numbers as of now because we do not
Page 8 of 13

i Sne€d
l,.:.., PeuobMfl,
[ki Vrgue brfo,monce
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compuage Infocom Limited
June 25, 2020
know
when
we re going
to get absolutely
normal
tt
is
a
start stop
start stop
situationthere
Atul Shah:
Secondly Sir, what has been our working capital cycle, our working capital days for
FY2020 vis a vis FY20l99
Atul Mehta:
So there has been a slight increase in the days, FY2019 was closer to about 34 days.
FY2020. it went uplo 44 days for two reasons
- one is, as we all know. FY2020 has been a
challenging year from the banking NBFC segment, whereby lot of our resellers partners
were affected and they were taking a little longer and second is. otir vendor cycle has
shortened because of the product mix that we have and every vendor has their own payment
terms, ranging from 7 days. going all the way tip to 60 days. so the moment our product mix
changes, if the vendors have a shorter cycle that affects our vendor days. So I think both
these factors have played a role in increasing JO days in the net working capital cycle.
Atul Shah:
Sir do you although envisage the working capital cycle to remain stressed in FY2O2I also
conssdenng the Covid pandemic and eerything’
Atul Mebta
No we do not we are budgeting at about 40 to 4S days we do not expect
it to worsen
beyond this, because now we know the situation and we are well prepared to handle if
something happens suddenly.
Atul Shah:
Sir my last question is. considering that our stock has corrected a lot in this post Covid
environment, are there any plans for the buyhack or increasing your stake anything?
Atul Mehta:
We have not though anything about it at this point of time, I think our focus is at this point
to get business back to normalcy number one. Number two, we would also like to conserve
on the cash in the company for any extended Covid situatton so wt. do not h’ne any cash
flow challenges in meeting our commitments. So for these two reasons, I do not think we
have given any thought to it as of now. So that is where it is.
Alul Shah:
Thank you Sir, that is all from my end.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Keynote Capital. Please
go ahead.
Parth Kotak:
I am sorry if it is repetitive. but I wanted a bit more detail on the cloud business. I wanted to
know what is the type of clientele that you would typically have and secondly. what would
be the margins on this business?
Page 9 of 13

eed
jjjJ PeIIobltifr
L Volee Peilormonce
COMPIJAGE INOCOM liD
Conspuage Infocom Limited
June 25, 2020
Awl Mehta
So as far as our clientelt. Is concerned it is more or less thi. same we art a B2B company
we sell everything only to reselltrs we do not sell a single product directly to tnd
customers, in fact most of our agreements also have that clause that we can only sell to our
resellers. So first thing. we sell to a reseller, second, the way we sell our software, anybody
who is interested and let us say we are selling Microsoft cloud anybody who wants to take
cloud for their end customer, is a potential customer to us, so typically all the resellers who
are focusing on software pan of the businesses because there is lot of specialization
happening, some resellers focus only on software, some resellers focus on hardware and
then they create strength around it. So the resellers who are focusing on the softwait. are all
potential customers to us. that is your point number one. Point number two, what was it if I
may ask again?
Parth Kotak:
The margins on this business.
Atul Mebta:
See any new business always offers good margins. High margins becausc the volumes ate
low and likewise at this point of time, the margins are better because of low volumes, more
investments in resources like people etc. We are currently operating in the region of about I
would say 8% or so
Partb Kotak:
87€. fair enough and secondly Sir,
wanted to ask, has there been any equity dilution during
the year and do you plan to do another round of dilution for the coming year?
Atul Mehia:
I am
sorry, by equity dilution, what do you mean?
Parth Kotak:
.
Have your raised capital for addition shares?
Atul Mehta:
No. in FY2020, we have not raised any additional capital hut moving forward we would
definitely be looking at some raise, now quanttim. timeframe etc.. has not been defined,
becausi. if we look at our thrte year four year growth plans we do not want to grow purely
on debt. At some stage, we would want to make sure that we are rightly balanced between
debt and equity.
Parth Kotak:
Sir, last
I would like to know if there are any Further brands or names or deals in the
pipeline for the coming year. are you planning to add anymore business?
Atul Mehta:
We have formulated the strategy on what segments we want to grow first, we have
identified segments. we ha’e identified brands as we speak. we are close to finalizing one
good brand. I am unable to speak until we sign up and make a fbrmal announcement to the
stock exchanges. hut 1 think in next two weeks, you should be hearing one announcement
for sure. So I was talking about the brands where there is nothing definite. While we know
Page lOof 13

•
Vo19
COMPIJAGE INFOCOM LID
Compuage Infocom [lintted
June 25 2020
what wu would like to do and we ar engaged with them hut it all matters up on Ithen the
vtndor wants to introduce a ntw distributor or replace a dlstnhutor so it is hard to dufinc it
but we are constantly working towards it and we hope that after this announcement
in
maybe next few months, we have one or Iwo more which arc work in progress, but unable
to quantify at this point of timt.
Parth kok
Okay Sir, thanks a lOt. Thanks for taking my question and best of luck for the future
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kush Joshi from Mitara Capital. Please go
ahead
Knsh .1os:
Just want to understand what Percentage of margin is cloud business?
Attil Melita;
About 8%.
Kush Sushi:
My second quesrjo is in your presentation
you have mentioned that your EBITDA
margins has improved because of cost rationalization in employee & other expenses So
what I understand is
it has dropped draseicalty compared to Q4 FY2Oj9 So e these
sustlinable numbers eric this come one off in redtiction
Atul Meftta
So it you see the performance we have been thIe to bnng down tht employte cost and tew
other tost
which havL been one ot the bcnetit rtalfzed by the oreanization Sccond is
these are detiniiely sustainable
we have not done any knee jerk reactions whereby it is
something that will not continue for long. So we feel this will continue and this is going to
be the way fonyard
JCsh Joshi
So both employee and other expenses may Thll in the coming years?
Atul Mebta
Yes.
Kash Joshi:
Okay, thank you so much.
Modetor.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of timang Joshi, an individual investor.
Please go ahead.
Umaug Jos:
I wanw to ask regarding these cloud services the revenue contribution from cloud has not
been growing since last two, three years, so how much longer would we take for cloud to
conlnbute around maybe 5 plus percent to the overall revenue?
Page II of 13
I

eed
lJ
fl Value fWfccmorKe
COMPIJAGE INFOCOM LTD
Compz.tage Infocom Limited
June25 2020
Atul Mehta:
So we have got into cloud only about 15 months back, so first six months typically, is a
period where we get people in place. start talking to brands etc. So this is so to say not even
a first full year of operation from revenue perspective and it is something that we have got
into because ie are definitely committed towards the unterprise and the software and the
security business where cloud will grow faster and for this year, FY2020, the contribution
has been about I .5% of the total revenue.
UrnangJoslii:
Regarding this dividend thing, dividend that you have declared. So I was just wondering
you have taken an ultimate decision but tf you might have retained the cash on your books
maybe for future uncertainty, because we have too much of debt already and instead of
paying the dividend it will be better to lower the debt numbers, ihe amount maybe hardly 2.
3 Crores but whatever it is’?
Awl Mehta:
So it was a long discussion we had on this subject matter and it was a very close decision
because on the one hand, your point is quite valid, at this time we want to conserve as much
of resources and cash as possible. then looking at the quantum involved, it is only about 1.3
Crores then w decided let us go for it for the simple reason that we cannot ignore the
shareholders as well So looking at the overall picturc the board decided to recommend a
10% dividend.
Umangjoshi:
During this year because olCovid. has there been a general trend in employee attrition?
Atul Mehta:
So post Covid, we just commenced operations and that too, still a lot of people are working
from home, because we want to phase in sluwly. so as we sak, there is no real attrition
challenge that we see and attrition has never been a problem for Compuage. We hae had a
very stable team and we do not envisage any major challenges on that front.
Umang Joshi:
No, actually
I was asking because we ha’e been able to save something on employee
expenses right, so that is from where the question has come in.
Atul Mehta:
Okay, you are talking for FY2020?
Umang Joshi:
Right
Mu) Mehta:
For FY2020. ii is notaiiriiion that has been an issue. Since we have kind of taken a very
conscious decision to focus more on the enterprise business, and not that we are getting out
of mobility or consumer businesses, ve have taken some calls oncoming out of some small
brands which were not contributing significant revenue and were eating away lot of
resources, so that is how we have rationalized on it and whate’er calls we have taken, we
Page 12 of 13

een
ntgws ?eIIobffgy
LU Vak,e
COMPUAGE INFOCOM L
ompuage infoconi Limited
June 25, 2020
have done
it se
very comfonably for cveone Contemed
not wanting to hurt any
particular segme of business
Umang Jo.shi;
Last question from my end, do you have an online channel for your resellers because, i am
not surt if you base or not but it maybe a requirem in [best days right?
Awl Mebta
So we do not sell to end customers and thcrefore we cannot become an Online player but
we supplj to nerybody “ho is n online Pl9yer we sell to cver3onc who is Putting up their
products on Amazon
we sell to anyone who selling on Fhpkan
we sell to Amazon and
Fhpk companies direct))
they are a reseller for as
SO anybody who sells to an end
Customer is a Customer to us so we are selling to all of them
Umang Joshi:
Okay, okay, so that Is not a pmhlem or a hurdle for you right?
Al Mebja
Not at all, we a fulfilling their requirement
Umang Joshi:
Great, real, no pmblem thank you so much.
Moderator
Thank you. As the are no fudher questions I Would now like to hand the conference over
to Mr Mehta for Closing comn[s
Ate) Mehia:
Thank you everyone again for joining the call. I hope I have been able to ansiver most of
your que&s
In case of any queries, you may contact SGA. our investor relations partner
Thank you once again.
Moderator.
Thank you. On behalf of Compuaoe lnlbcom that concludes this conference Thank you for
joining us. You may now disconnect your flnes
Page 13 of 13
I
