POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
(formerly known as Polycab Wires Limited) 
Polycab House, 771 Mogul Lane, Mahim (W), Mumbai – 400016 
CIN: L31300DL1996PLC266483 
Tel : +91 22 2432 7070-74  Fax : +91 22 2432 7075   
Email: shares@polycab.com Website: www.polycab.com 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                            Registered  Office: 
 
 
             E -554 ,Greater Kailash –II, 
 
 
           New Delhi-110048 India  
 
 
 
Tel : 011-29228574 
 
 
 
 
Date: 05th June 2020 
To 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
Scrip Code: 542652 Scrip Symbol: Polycab 
ISIN:- INE455K01017 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 30th May 2020  
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on 30th May 2020. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Polycab India Limited 
 
 
Sai Subramaniam Narayana 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F5221 
Address: Polycab House, 771, Mogul Lane  
Mahim (West), Mumbai - 400 016 
 
NARAYANA 
SUBRAMANI
MAM SAI
Digitally signed by 
NARAYANA 
SUBRAMANIMAM SAI 
Date: 2020.06.05 
20:27:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Polycab India Limited Q4 FY-2020 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. INDER T. JAISINGHANI - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SHYAM LAL BAJAJ - DIRECTOR - FINANCE AND 
ACCOUNTS  
 
MR. GANDHARV TONGIA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Polycab India Limited Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Gandharv Tongia. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you operator. Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining us. Before I start, let me 
quickly introduce, my name is Gandharv Tongia, and I sincerely hope you and your loved ones 
are healthy and safe. On this call, we shall discuss the Q4 and FY20 results, which were approved 
in the board meeting held today via video conferencing. We will be referring to the earnings 
presentation, financial results and financial statements which are available on the websites of the 
Stock Exchanges, as well as Investor Relations page of our website. It can also be downloaded 
through the QR code given on slide 12 of our earnings presentation. Joining me today, from the 
management team, we have our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Inder T. Jaisinghani and 
our Director - Finance and Accounts, Mr. Shyam Lal Bajaj on the conference call. Let me now 
hand it over to our Chairman Inder bhai for his comment.  
Inder T. Jaisinghani: 
Good evening everyone I hope you all are doing well. We achieved healthy underlying 
performance with improved profitability in FY20. Polycab maintained its dominant position in 
Wires and Cables and continues to expand its presence in the Electricals ecosystem. The year 
was marked with strong business momentum despite significant headwinds however the 
outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic and its severe economic implications partly tapered growth. 
We are undertaking all necessary measures to ensure safety and well-being of our employees, 
partners and to support, dealer, distributors, customers and communities across India.  Our 
financial stability, inhouse backward integration, wide distribution channels and quality human 
capital, positions us well to deal with any challenge and succeed. I now request Gandharv to take 
you through our earnings presentation. Gandharv please go ahead. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you very much Inder bhai. Moving on to presentation on slide #4. In the year ended 31st 
March 2020, our consolidated revenue growth has been healthy at 11% year-on-year, led by 
decent performance across segments. EBITDA grew by 19% year-on-year and margin at 12.8% 
improved 87 bps year-on-year versus FY19. Our staff cost at 4.1% of our sales were higher by 
38 bps year-on-year due to adverse leverage and onetime credit in the base year. Advertisement 
and publicity spend were party curtailed given the virus outbreak and remained flat at 1.2% of 
our sales. Our profit before tax grew by 34% year-on-year driven by decreased finance cost, 
reflecting the lower borrowings compared to previous year. A detailed breakup of our other 
income and finance cost have been provided on slide #16 of our earnings presentation. Our profit 
after tax at Rs.7.66 billion has been strong up by over 53% year-on-year, partly aided by a 
deduction in a statutory income tax rate. Moving on to specifics of quarter four on slide #5, our 
revenue from operations at Rs.21.3 billion declined by 14% year-on-year, reflecting severe 
impact of COVID-19. Excluding COVID-19 impact sales could have been higher by 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
approximately Rs.6.1 billion, implying a potential 11% year-on-year growth in Q4 FY20 based 
on our estimates. EBITDA excluding other income was Rs.2.9 billion, up 20% year-on-year in 
Q4. EBITDA margin at 13.8% was higher on year-on-year basis, led by better product mix and 
contribution. However, I would like to reemphasize as I did in previous quarterly earnings calls 
that the correct way to analyze our operating profitability would be on annualized basis as several 
dynamics can weigh on quarterly margins. Historically, we have noted that our annualized 
sustainable margin in wires and cables business typically tends to hover in the range of 11 to 
13%. Our profit after tax is up by over 53% year-on-year driven by decreased finance cost, 
reflecting the lower borrowings compared to previous years and lower income tax expense.  
Moving on to segment on slide #6 wires and cables, which is our largest business grew, by 9%, 
year-on-year in FY20 despite challenges. Domestic business environment continued to see 
sluggishness with prevailing weak economic condition coupled with falling commodity prices. 
Virus outbreak and subsequent lockdown in late March further impacted business as that month 
is usually the busiest period from sales perspective. Consequently, overall wires and cables 
industry is estimated to decline by almost 14% in FY20 with significant impact on unorganized 
trade. Higher sale through optical fiber cables and exports, which grew strongly on the back of 
a large order offered some momentum. We are also seeing increasing traction in few developed 
geographies. For example, USA, where our sales in FY20 has increased almost 41 times as 
against last year. The EBIT margin in this segment was higher by 26 bps year-on-year due to 
improve sales mix. The business in fourth quarter was significantly impacted due to virus 
outbreak in prime sales period.  
Moving to FMEG on slide #7. FMEG segment contributed almost 9.4% to our business in FY20 
versus 8% in FY19. The FMEG robust momentum was slightly halted by virus outbreak. 6% 
decline in Q4 tapered annual growth of this business to 30% year-on-year. Fan, lighting. 
luminaries continued to grow at healthy pace, despite challenging marketing conditions, led by 
our distribution strength, in-house manufacturing ability and improving portfolio mix. Fans 
posted strong growth in months of Jan and Feb. Margins improved on the back of calibrated 
pricing actions. Lighting and lumen posted healthy performance with improved profitability led 
by a refined strategy. If reducing price erosion in B2C lighting products continue, it could further 
support margins in this business. Growth in switchgears and switches continued to remain 
muted. Considering the widespread fear and uncertainty around jobs and income, consumer 
sentiments have dwindled. While the pent-up demand is expected to bounce back as movement 
restrictions ease, some downgrading in the near term seems imminent. We believe our strong 
distribution network, value and quality proposition put us in a sweet spot to gain from such 
development. In the coming years, we will continue to build our new product pipeline with focus 
on technology and energy efficiency.  
Moving to slide #8 other segments, which is largely our strategic EPC business, witnessed 
healthy growth in revenue and profitability led by execution of profitable projects. Though we 
expect margins in this business to remain in high single digit on annualized basis, which we 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
believe is sustainable. During the year, Polycab, along with its consortium undertook projects 
under BharatNet phase two projects in the state of Gujarat and Bihar and connected almost 4700 
gram panchayats or villages in a period of about 10 months. Being an established leader in 
electrical manufacturing domain, we aim to replicate our project management skills and actively 
pursue large digital infrastructure projects, including Smart Cities, surveillance, BharatNet and 
digital village.  
Slide #9, highlight some of the key initiatives we undertook to help society and communities. 
We have embedded a video showcasing various hygiene measures we have undertaken at our 
factories. I would urge you to watch it if you haven’t already. Slide #10 and #11 though these 
are self-explanatory and provide color on business implication of COVID-19, let me just give 
you thoughts on how Polycab is traversing through such exceptional times and share our 
assessment of current situation. As you all are aware, COVID-19 poses a unique challenge and 
has impacted lives and livelihoods of people. Amid these defining moments, our priorities have 
remained the same, safety of our employees and partners is foremost. Foreseeing the risk, we 
deployed our business continuity plan in mid-March. All office-based employee’s transitioned 
to work-from-home environment with little to no disruption. And, following the government 
directives on nationwide lockdown, we had completely shut our offices and factories. Currently, 
all our factories have resumed operations with limited capacity and follow a stringent standard 
operating protocol. We are continuously monitoring the situation and will ramp up production 
on need basis. Our local and regional offices, warehouses in non-containment zones are open. 
We are also in touch with our channel partners to extend support and help them in whatever 
ways we can. Furthermore, we are generously supporting the community at large as these are 
the times when they need help the most. Our company is not just contributing to various 
government and industry funds, but we are directly helping society by donating ventilators to 
government hospitals, collaborating to set up quarantine facilities and distributing food packages 
and essentials to hundreds of families every day around our factory locations and offices. Every 
Polycab employee donated one day of her salary, or his salary, to PM care fund. We aim to 
continue to extend our support even after normalization by coordinating and partnering with 
various NGOs.  
On the macro environment, the virus outbreak has caused significant economic disruptions, with 
heightened level of uncertainty. Markets are already struggling with tight liquidity conditions, 
weak credit growth and slowing industrial production, amongst other waning macros and the 
pandemic has further aggravated the stress. Volatile commodity prices was another headwind 
for our industry during the quarter. Nevertheless, currently we are surely seeing some signs of 
progress. Many infrastructure, construction as well as real estate projects have resumed activities 
across the country or planning to do so immediately. We started billing in early May, and it has 
been progressing well. While it is much below normalized level at the moment, opening of 
markets is definitely helping. Most of our authorized dealers and distributors and retailers are 
currently operating. However, major dealers in metros are still facing issues due to restriction of 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
movement and lockdown. While we are working with several projections and scenarios to 
prepare ourselves in such dynamic environment overall, we believe it will take at least one or 
two quarters before demand takes on a normal footing. During this period, we also focused on 
conserving and augmenting our liquidity position through judicious cost management, deferring 
non-critical spends etc. From a financial position standpoint, we are quite comfortable. We have 
healthy cash balances and significant amount of unutilized credit lines. CRISIL has given us AA 
positive long term rating and A1 positive short term rating. Having said that, I would like to 
recall one of the Einstein’s quote which I read recently, and that’s the opportunity you get when 
you’re working from home. And that quote is, “in the midst of every crisis lies great 
opportunity”, and I believe this quote is more relevant now than ever. I feel the current one will 
also put forward plenty of opportunities for small and large businesses across sectors as COVID-
19 transforms from the orthodox business models. Work from home has become the new norm 
and is likely to be a win-win for companies as well as employees in the longer run. This will not 
just require higher investment in IT infrastructure, but also increase demand for high speed 
digital connectivity in non-metros and perhaps even in rural areas. The ongoing reverse 
migration may give a push to automation, as industries face labor shortage and if the movement 
sustains we may see alteration in conventional consumption pattern with more clusters of 
developed rural. Companies across the world have been fixated to China as a low cost 
manufacturing base for a long time. COVID-19 will surely provide a fresh basis for them to 
reconsider and reorganize their global manufacturing footprint. This along with government 
impetus to indigenous manufacturing and make India self-reliant economy will create jobs and 
spur industrial and infrastructure growth. Overall, we are very optimistic of our nation’s robust 
outlook and long term economic prospects.  
Quickly moving on to financials. Our fundamentals remain on course of improvement. ROCE, 
return on capital employed for FY20 stood at 26.4%. While underlying profitability has 
improved, as reflecting in better operating margins versus last year, ROCE seems optically lower 
year on year basis due to IPO proceeds deflected in FY20. Adjusting for that, current year’s 
ROCE would have been about 150 bps higher. Our balance sheet remains healthy, with over 
Rs.1.6 billion of net cash as of March 2020, and debt equity ratio at a mere 0.04x. Our working 
capital deteriorated due to inventory pile up in anticipation or generally high demand in March, 
and higher receivable on account of lockdown. However, we believe it will even out as market 
conditions improve. We will continue to work on our long term strategic and structural initiatives 
like increasing channel financing, inventory rationalization, debottlenecking of processes, 
increasing automation, augmenting supply chain operations with technology and building data 
analytics capabilities. In fact, this lockdown has granted us some additional time to provide extra 
thrust to these initiatives. I’m sure it will help us reinforce our market positioning and thrive in 
times to come. 
On the distribution side, this pillar of our business model remains strong with direct reach of 
over 3500 authorized dealers and distributors, across geographies, indirectly serving over 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
125,000 retail outlets as of March 2020. We continue to enhance our key influencers connect 
through project Bandhan, which now has over 135,000 electricians and over 41,000 retailers on 
board. That was broadly on this company performance. Now, I wanted to share a couple of 
developments which took place after the period closing.  
First, I’m sure many of you may be aware of this. We bought out Ryker from Trafigura early 
this month. Ryker, as you know was a plant which was initially envisaged and pursued by our 
Chairman and Senior Management team to complete backward integration of our all key inputs. 
While the plan was shaping up, Trafigura had proposed to partner with us and hence a 50:50 JV 
was created to build a state of the art facility, which conforms to global production standards 
with minimal environmental impact. However, post Trafigura’s recent global strategic decision 
to exit from value added manufacturing businesses in India where it is a JV partner, their 50% 
stake was offered to us and we decided to acquire it making Ryker a wholly owned subsidiary 
of our company. The purchase consideration was around US $4 million or Rs.30 crore and the 
transaction has now been closed. Ryker Financials will be fully consolidated from this current 
quarter. The second development, which is more recent, Mr. Shyam Lal Bajaj, who is our 
Director of Finance and Accounts and Chief Financial Officer has tendered his resignation from 
the post of CFO with the closure of the business today onwards and Board has accepted it. Mr. 
Bajaj will continue to guide and mentor us as Executive Director. This transition was in progress 
from last year or two in line with our company wide succession planning process. To conclude, 
I would like to emphasize that our company’s brand and fundamentals are well positioned to 
navigate through such extraordinary time. We will continue to operate with a high level of agility 
and responsiveness, government stimulus, front loading of various spends, structural reforms 
and regulation will certainly help the broader economy and consumer in the near term. And we 
will work to leverage our strong business model and achieve sustainable, profitable growth over 
medium to long term. Thank you all for joining us today. On this note, I hand over the session 
to the operator and we will be extremely pleased to take your questions. 
Moderator:  
Shall we open the floor for question and answer?  
Gandharv Tongia:  
Yes, please. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Just wanted to check with you regarding the value and volume growth for this quarter and fully 
in the cable business, if you can share it will be great? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Ravi couple of things which are relevant when we analyze companies in cable and wire industry. 
One is LME and FOREX has a significant bearing on the top line because most of the large 
players assume and pass it on to the end customer and there is no risk which is retained. So, if 
LME goes down or FOREX goes down, it impacts the top line or bottom line accordingly. The 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
second thing is, volume is not relevant, because if I talk about one kilometer of aluminum cable 
and one kilometer of copper cable, though the unit would be same which is one kilometer, but 
the value would be significantly different. Having said that, since the LME and FOREX has 
softened up in the current year in comparison to last year which indirectly indicates that there is 
an upside movement. The wire and cable business in the current fiscal has improved almost by 
9%. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
9% is the revenue growth you telling? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, it’s revenue growth. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
But volume growth would have been higher, though we can’t exactly calculate it given the drop 
in copper prices, so at least in Q4 it would have been higher? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, it’s best not to compare the volume growth because it could be misleading and that is where 
I feel that it’s better to go by value. At best, for the purpose of analysis and evaluation, we may 
bring an additional factor of FOREX and LME which has considerably reduced in the current 
year vs last year, which indirectly means, that the overall revenue growth is significant beyond 
what is being visible from the financial statements.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir and in term of share of wire, as a percentage of overall portfolio. So, would it have 
gone up this year compared to last year and roughly by how much? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, it has not significantly undergone a change. Wire business is more or less flattish in the 
current year. But another element which is important to consider is, the denominator would 
include the export business, which is like elephant in the room. So, if I bring that amount into 
denominator it would lead to an impression that wire contribution slightly decreased, but if I 
normalize it, it continues to be in the same range. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bagul from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Bagul: 
Sir two questions from my end. One is over the period of last three months after the COVID has 
sort of broken out, what are the initiatives on the cost front that we’ve seen, what is the change 
in the thought process there? Question number two is, can you talk a little bit more in terms of 
working capital, especially the payables and acceptances, because as I see in your cash flow 
statement, that is the delta between 19 and 20? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thanks Aditya. COVID has given us an opportunity to revisit almost everything and we as a 
company, are focusing on three or four key elements and we started doing that slightly before 
pandemic outbreak in India, but we are continuing that with greater focus. One is cost 
optimization, and this starts from zero based costing in a few of our productions as well as 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
purchase initiatives. Second is the operational and manufacturing cost, wherein we want to 
reduce the cost which can be avoided. We have already carried out some evaluation and reduced 
costs in few of the line items. But we still believe that further cost optimization is possible. In a 
large organization, over the period, what happens is at times you start incurring some costs which 
are not necessarily adding value to your business. And that is why this particular crisis has given 
us an opportunity to revisit, we will continue to do that and reduce the cost wherever possible. 
The second is augmentation of cash, though we are supporting our dealers and that is our prime 
focus, but at the same time we are managing our cash to ensure that we have enough cash 
available. You would have already noticed that our gross cash as of Mar’20 is close to Rs.280 
crore or thereabout. And you already know that dividend payout was also done in March. So 
even after that, we continue with extra cash. Thus, in few of the cases we have been able to get 
some additional credit from our vendors without any additional costs that we have availed, but 
which is not necessarily significant. And the last thing, which is the fourth part of the initiative 
is giving back to community which is about CSR. So, these are the four activities on which we 
are spending a lot of time and that remains our focus area.  
The second thing was around the working capital. There were two items, which were always in 
our focus, but after the IPO, we learned that from all the investors. On inventory, we started our 
project with one of the management consultants. The objective was twofold, one is reducing the 
absolute amount of inventory which we are carrying on our books so that we can reduce the 
working capital involved. The second is, within that reduced amount, increase the number of 
SKU. So, you increase the availability and you reduce the amount, so you get twin benefits. That 
project is progressing well. We have already achieved a bit of success, though it is not clearly 
reflected in Mar’20 number because of COVID and higher level of inventory, but that is 
progressing well, and we are happy with whatever we have achieved so far. And we will continue 
to further monitor and optimize it. The second part of working capital is around trade receivables 
and as you can see in our presentation, the trade receivables are within the overall acceptable 
numbers. Having said that, we believe that channel financing which we introduced almost for 
four, five years ago would continue to help and we would be able to further penetrate channel 
financing both in cable and wires where it is hovering around 60, 65% to a higher number and 
in FMEG where it is in early double digit to a greater number. Both of these initiatives, one on 
inventory side as well as on the trade receivable side would help us in further improving the 
working capital.  
Aditya Bagul: 
Right. Actually, what I was trying to understand is the delta between OCF last year and this year 
and that essentially comes from payables and acceptances. So, if you can give me the number of 
acceptances, it would be helpful? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, acceptances last year were around Rs.803 crore in FY19 and in the current year Rs.816 crore 
there are two important things we should consider when we are analyzing our acceptances and 
liabilities. Last year because of  Dangote we had received almost Rs.400 crore as advance in 
FY19, which we have adjusted against the supplies which we have done in the current fiscal and 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
between FY18 and FY19 there was one time re-class of the financing arrangement which we 
have with our vendor, which was sitting in our liabilities. Which you can normalize when you 
are preparing your spreadsheet. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from Citi Group. Please go ahead. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Sir my first question is on the export. So, you have mentioned in the presentation that you booked 
about Rs.7.5 billion of exports in FY20. So two parts, how much of the Dangote order is left for 
execution and beyond the Dangote order, what is the outlook on exports, could you throw some 
light on some of the initiatives that you’re taking to at least reach the similar level of export in 
FY21? And any guidance for CAPEX in FY21? I saw that the company has done about Rs.2.8 
billion of CAPEX in FY20. So rough breakup of that number where did it spend etc.? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, Dangote we have already done probably Rs.750 crore or thereabout billing in March 20 and 
around Rs.200 crore or so is required to be billed in the current year and we are progressing well 
there. The overall export is close to Rs.1100 crore. And we have received, in addition to Dangote, 
favorable support from countries like US and which has increased significantly. You would be 
able to recall that in one of the earlier quarter’s presentation, I had mentioned that we are trying 
to get into a distribution business in exports including countries like US. We have incorporated 
a trading arm, a new legal entity in the US and that is progressing well. Globally, there is an 
almost $38 billion opportunity which is available in exports. Because of the COVID pandemic 
it looks like that shift from China would help countries like India and that could in turn would 
be able to offer some support to our industry and large players in this industry. We are focusing 
on large geographies and identified set of sectors globally and recently whatever we have seen 
it is encouraging. Having said that, I don’t think I would be able to give you an assurance at this 
stage that we would be able to get a similar number of Dangote. But I can certainly assert with 
utmost confidence that the management team is doing whatever is possible to further improve 
the export and in medium term we believe that export can be almost 10% or thereabout of our 
top line.  
The second element was around CAPEX. We have invested almost Rs.280 crore most of it has 
been invested in debottlenecking. Some investment for export business because the certifications 
are very different and we need to have different set of machineries. Apart for FMEG for example, 
the facilities which are operating at a higher capacity utilization level and remaining is for regular 
upkeep. I am sure few of the other participants would be interested in knowing what the CAPEX 
outflow would be next year. Considering the uncertainty which we have, I think we would be 
very careful in spending CAPEX at this stage. We can assume a number of Rs.200 crore or 
thereabout, but that will be monitored at a regular interval and very closely and we will spend 
only when we have enough visibility on the business.  
Atul Tiwari: 
Thanks sir. And sir very quickly what was the gross debt number on the balance sheet as of 
FY20 end, gross debt number? 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Gross debt number is around Rs.157 crore in FY20 in comparison to FY19, which was around 
Rs.272 crore. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kutty from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Two questions from my end, so firstly it will be EBITDA margin side. You kind of said that the 
average range should typically look in margin anywhere about 11 to 13%. If you look at it 
directionally, even in this year we have been improving our margin profile, first of all are we 
assuming the share of wires increase in the year FY21. And if in that case, what should be the 
margin outlook? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I think sustainable margin in our business, considering the overall proportion of cable and wire 
is anywhere between 11 to 13%. You are right Prashant, that in the current year the actual margin 
is slightly higher, but if I go by the historical trend, it has generally hovered between 11 to 13%. 
And for your modeling purposes, it’s better to assume those numbers because in such a situation 
you will be left with positive surprises, hopefully.  
Prashant Kutty: 
Okay. But in that case, what would have actually aided the margin in this year, if you could 
probably highlight that because you’ve seen a significant increase in broad margin numbers? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, it’s because of two, three reasons. One is change in the mix has helped us in improving our 
margins, as I explained a while back the overall composition of domestic and export, as well as 
some new products have changed this composition. The second thing is, we have taken some 
pricing actions as I was talking about for FMEG and other businesses. So, this is mainly because 
of change in mix and some pricing actions which we have purposely taken during the course of 
the year which has helped us in improving the overall margin. 
Prashant Kutty: 
What was the pricing action taken sir, if you could probably? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, that was the pricing action to improve the overall realization for few of the product 
categories. For example, as I mentioned about FMEG business in the case of fans and in the case 
of few of the other products in cable and wire. 
Prashant Kutty: 
No, I just asked what is the quantum of price increases? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I would prefer not to talk about it considering this is a sensitive information for the industry. But 
suffice to say that it is a combination of both pricing as well as change in mix.  
Prashant Kutty: 
Okay. The second question is on the overall mix in the cables and wires business, while about 
35 to 40% of our businesses is on wires. You do have a proportion which is services to the 
industry and also some part of it, maybe the government as well, how does that takes the 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
preceding in the year 2021 in the wake of CAPEX and all activities being lower how does the 
overall thing change in the year 2021 and could you give some sense on that? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, I actually covered that a bit in the opening remarks, two things which are important in the 
current year. One is what would be the spend by the government and private CAPEX in the 
current year and which is dependent on several factors, including the most important factor being 
whether there is a cure for this particular pandemic. If we will get a cure for pandemic today, as 
well as government starts spending today, the growth would be phenomenal. But if any of these 
activities happen, a quarter or two down the line, it would have impact on the performance of all 
the companies in India, including our company, so that’s a combination. We believe between a 
quarter or two, we should be able to come back to the normal demand levels. And from there, I 
don’t think there would be any challenge. 
Prashant Kutty: 
percentage in terms of utilization at this point of time, let say May is concerned or is typically? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, so in the first 40 days, there was hardly any activity. Though we resumed our operation 
slowly and gradually after the year end, but because of lockdown and considering fact that almost 
all the markets were closed, there was hardly any other significant activity. After that we have 
seen a decent traction, particularly in B2C business and demand from rural or Tier II or Tier III 
towns. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I wanted this Ryker is in terms of the gross margin, possibility and what will be the dividend 
payout policy for the company? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Pritesh, I missed your first statement is it around Ryker capacity?  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes. So, the investment that we did the JV in which we took up our stake to 100% eventually 
when the plant becomes operational, what would be the benefit to the gross margins of the 
company?  
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, so this plant is already operational. In fact, it got operationalized in the first quarter of 
FY20. And this is as part of our backward integration, it is helping us in two ways, one is we are 
able to ensure that we are getting the quality of the copper which is required to give the quality 
product for which we are known for. So we import copper from the overseas market in cathode 
form, and convert the copper in this particular facility into rods and from rods we draw cables 
and wires and since it is done fully in our supervision and in our control, in our manufacturing 
locations, we are able to ensure quality. So that is already being done. The investment which we 
have done has given us some additional capacity. The plant capacity is almost 225,000 tonnes 
and generally speaking, our requirement is around 75,000 to 1 lakh tonne and there’s some 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
additional capacity which is available. Having said that this 225,000 tonnes capacity can be 
achieved only over the period because this plant got operationalized only four quarters back. So 
we are working to ensure that we are able to optimally utilize the plant. The second thing is the 
arrangement between Ryker and Polycab would be on job work basis and wherein there is no 
significant impact which is expected on the gross margin of the company. But certainly because 
of better quality, we would be able to reduce the copper content which will help us in optimizing 
the cost of goods sold.  
The second question, is on dividend. We have a dividend policy, which considers the internal 
and external factors you would be able to recollect in FY19, we had distributed almost 10% of 
our profit and in this year, we have already done an interim dividend payout in March and which 
is slightly more than the last year. We will continue to pay dividend after considering the cash 
which is available with us, the business performance of the period and the cash which is 
anticipated to be kept with the company for future needs.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Missed it, you said 10% payout you have done in 19 and 10% payout you done in FY20, so as 
of now? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
It is slightly higher than FY19, the EPS is around Rs.50 and the dividend which we paid was 
Rs.7. So it is it is around 13, 14%. If I include the dividend distribution tax it is higher. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But you do not have a policy or say a formulated policy that I will pay out 25% minimum you 
do not have that type of a policy right? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
We have a formulated policy, where in the decision making is left to the Board of Directors, 
which provide for qualitative factors which are required to be considered. We don’t have a policy 
wherein we have a quantitative matrix saying that 25% or 20% is required to be paid out, but we 
certainly have a policy where we have a qualitative factors which are required to be considered 
and on that basis Board of Directors recommend dividend for approval to the shareholders.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies India. Please 
go ahead.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir my first question is regarding resumption so, off our overall sales how much percentage is 
accounted by urban or Tier I cities? And in the opening remarks you mentioned that some of our 
shops have opened in the orange and green zones. So currently what kind of utilization or 
demand off take are they currently working at? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, so Sonali that’s an interesting one. And we have been internally discussing and deliberating 
what is the best way to define, urban and rural and we are still trying to get to a definition, which 
is acceptable. Internally, we have analyzed and we feel that our rural penetration is not 
necessarily very significant. And the recent few weeks, we have seen an uptick in demand from 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
the rural economy. Having said that, most of dealers and distributors in non-containment zone 
are operational. But the key cities where from where we get our sales are in lockdown  for 
example, a city like Bombay or Thane, and that is where, although the quantity or the quantum 
of outlet operational are significant there is a still challenge in overall utilization in terms of 
throughput. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it, Sir. And my second question is regarding the supply side. So you mentioned that, many 
of your factories have resumed operations. So currently what percentage of utilization are you 
operational at? And secondly, what is the kind of inventory that we have in the channels 
considering that the first 40 days of the lockdown had almost zero demand? That’s it from my 
side. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, so inventory in channel has as of now, while we are talking, has reduced significantly. 
There were certainly certain pockets, slightly higher inventory because they had inventory in 
anticipation of higher sales in the month of March. But that has been liquidated to a great extent 
already and there is no significant inventory, generally speaking, available in the channel. That 
was the one thing.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir your supply, in your current factories, what percentage of utilization are you currently 
operational at? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, it’s fairly low at this stage because there is no point getting into production where we don’t 
have enough demand and as you could imagine. The large cities in India are still in lockdown 
and that has bearing on the overall sales. But we are totally ready in case if there’s a demand to 
supply. And this government restriction and social distancing has also slightly impacted overall 
utilization in few of our factories because we can have only few identified number of employees 
in a particular shift. But if there is an increase in demand, we are already geared up to meet that 
demand.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
And you do not foresee problems with the migrants supply, labor issue, in the coming quarters?  
Gandharv Tongia: 
No, we don’t anticipate any significant challenge. As you already know Sonali, we have presence 
in Gujarat as well as in Daman and where we are not witnessing any significant migration of the 
laborer so, that is not a challenge. And on the raw material side we any which ways have a very 
healthy supply chain and we are not witnessing any challenges from raw material. So labor and 
raw material is not a significant challenge for us.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naval Sheth from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Naval Sheth: 
Sir two questions, first you emphasized on automation. So, if you can give some numbers on 
what can be the CAPEX to be spent on automation and probably what can be the leverage on 
the margins from that going forward or whenever it is fully implemented?  
Gandharv Tongia: 
So Naval, you look across the globe, automation is key, artificial intelligence, automation and 
technology. And we would like to replicate something similar in our factories. We were probably 
the first one to start with automation and we implemented robotic arms for managing our 
warehouse in Halol and if I’m not wrong, we were the first one in the industry. Though the 
automobile industry was using it, in our industry we were the first mover in that direction. The 
automation which I’ve talked about is being worked on as of now by this management team of 
the company, and probably, in quarters to come I would be able to give you additional details. 
Like any other automation, it is going to certainly help us in improving the quality of our 
products as well as would help us in reducing the cost and involvement of manual labor. 
Naval Sheth: 
So, is it fair to assume large part of cost reduction would be on employees? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
No. 
Naval Sheth: 
Okay. Second question is on channel inventory what you mentioned that it has, come down 
significantly. So, what outlook as you stated that demand would normalize in one to two 
quarters, but when would your primary sales start, to the channel as inventory has started to, 
reduce meaningfully now? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
It has already started, primary sales has already started while we are talking. The only thing is 
it’s not necessarily meeting expectations, but that’s the reality of the environment today where 
almost all the companies which are not an essential sector, are probably underutilized.  
Naval Sheth: 
Okay. And lastly any outlook or guidance on Polycab, or any sense on what kind of revenue 
decline industry can see because demand is going to normalize in H2 only. So FY21 what kind 
of revenue decline we can see in cable and wires for the industry? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Naval, we’ll have to wait for two things to happen. One is we’ll have to wait for lockdown to 
end. We are still in the lockdown 4.0 and we don’t know what would happen on 1st June. So we 
will have to probably wait for a quarter to come up with a point of view. But certainly, first half 
would be impacted and all the companies are trying their level best to reduce the impact and we 
are no exception to that rule and we are also trying to do that.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Kothari from AlfAccurate. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
My first question is on your distribution strategy in the global markets. If you can elaborate a 
little on that and whether you will be also making the new round of CAPEX, when your 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
distribution strategy comes in force. Second question is with reference to the B2B versus B2C, 
do you think probably for next few quarters, you might see a little bit stronger B2C versus B2B 
because there might be delay in project completion or some delay in the handover from the 
developers to the actual users and therefore that may result into the further delay in the ramp up?  
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, on the first part of the question on the distribution in the export market, there is no significant 
amount of CAPEX, which is anticipated because all these companies which are being 
incorporated would continue to act like trading arm and would not require any CAPEX. Before 
I get to the second part, let me give you a broader perspective. The projects, though, we are 
seeing are getting delayed, but there is another important element which is already present in the 
minds of large construction contractors, infra project developers that they would like to recover 
or make good of this loss which they’ve already incurred in terms of time lost by almost three 
to four months. And they would like to immediately start the projects and there will be a bit of 
a pent-up demand. And all the large projects, which were announced in last year or were 
anticipated, are likely to get into execution this year. There would be some loss but not 
necessarily everything will be shelved. As of now, I am not aware of any of the large projects 
getting shelved. It’s quite possible that they have not taken decision in terms of timelines, but 
none of these have been shelved. And in the case of large projects, almost 1 to 2% of their 
construction costs or the total project cost is generally for cable and wires, and we have visibility 
on few of these sectors and the projects which are going to help. So, it’s not necessarily that only 
B2C is going to give us support, I still believe that B2B should be additional, and directive sales 
would continue to help our company. Having said that, through digital go-to-market strategy, as 
well as in Tier II, rural would have some level of higher level of support and which is what we 
are trying to leverage. These are challenging as well as developing time, and we feel that will 
probably slightly change the overall mix of the composition of our sales, but we’ll have to 
probably wait for a quarter or two before we conclude our thoughts on that.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aadesh Mehta from Motilal Oswal Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Sir, I understand that copper prices would have corrected significantly this quarter. So what 
could be the inventory loss we have booked in our P&L this quarter? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, so that’s an interesting one. Globally when metal is procured for example, copper, 
aluminum, it comes with embedded derivative, which provides an opportunity to the buyer to 
fix the price at a later date. Which is subsequent to the procurement date and because of which 
we don’t carry any risk of inventory. So, whatever movement in LME has happened has not 
impacted the company. Generally speaking, from the business model point of view, the 
movement in LME as well as FOREX is a pass through which is generally passed to the end 
customer on a monthly basis.  

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Right. But sir I am just trying to understand that if you have this offsetting contracts in terms of 
derivatives, how can I see that your unitary costs have also come down in terms of the material 
you have consumed? I’ve seen a significant reduction in your costs as well. I’m just trying to 
connect these two dots. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Let’s talk about the year P&L first, the cost of goods sold looks like that it has reduced a bit, but 
an element of subcontracted costs which used to sit in FY19 in cost of goods sold is actually 
sitting in subcontracting cost now. Because earlier the Ryker facility was not available with us 
and we used to procure copper rods from the vendor and that is why the procurement costs was 
slightly higher. Whereas now since we have our own manufacturing facility, the subcontracting 
cost or the cost which is paid to Ryker is sitting in our other operating expenses. So, if you 
normalize it that it is not a significant difference between FY19 and FY20.  
Aadesh Mehta: 
Okay, so is it a fair way to understand that the gross margin expansion we’re seeing could be the 
result of reclassification of this? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
One element is classification. Second is what I explained in response to an earlier question, it’s 
because of improvement in sales price realization. We have launched a few new products, where 
we have been able to realize a higher price and you would have noticed that the sales mix in 
terms of export and domestic as well as new products by optical fiber cable has also changed the 
overall mix of sales in the current year and that has also helped us in improving the sales 
realization, thereby improving the contribution margin. 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Got it sir. And sir what could be the impairment on receivables we have booked for the full year, 
this year? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, as per expected credit loss method, which is required under IndAS has been followed. The 
carrying provision is around Rs.156 crore. And provision during the year would be around 
roughly speaking rounded off around Rs.26 crore. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Lal from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anand Lal: 
My question ties with the previous participant. So, after this change of approach, whereby the 
cost gets shifted to other expenses and hence gross margin looks better. Is it fair to assume that 
going forward, the gross margin would be in the vicinity of 60 to 68% and it won’t cross 70% 
from here on?  
Gandharv Tongia: 
No, I mentioned that in my opening remark in our company, the EBITDA margin and 
contribution margin are best to be reviewed and analyzed on annualized basis, and that is why I 
would urge you to analyze on 12 monthly basis and not take our particular quarter as a base. 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Anand Lal: 
And just trying to understand if the business were to resume normalcy post June let say for the 
last three quarters, how do you see the volume uptake year-on-year assuming normalcy between 
the last three quarters, and the first quarter? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Difficult to comment, because of too many uncertainties and most of them are beyond the control 
of the company. It’s difficult to give you any quantified number at this stage. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Just one question, if we look at last two years, we have in our cash flow it shows that we have 
written-off roughly 75 crore of receivables from our channel partners, post this lockdown do you 
see any significant jump in this number going forward. As in a onetime hit that you may face 
because of this?  
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, so let me just clarify, what you’re referring to write-off is actually not write-off, it’s a 
provision and that is a provision which is required to be created under IND AS on the basis of, 
by and large, historical trends. And our company over the period has been able to improve the 
penetration of channel financing, but that has been done over the period. So the correct way of 
looking at it is what is the actual write off and if you would notice in the financial statements, 
which are available on the balance sheet, on the website of the company, as well as on NSE the 
write-off is Rs.14 crore.  
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay. But do you see any trend change in that this year, because a lot of your distributors were 
locked down for two months and they would face a lot of credit crunch. Do you see any 
significant deviation from that this year?  
Gandharv Tongia: 
I don’t expect that to happen, considering whatever we know. Most of our dealers and 
distributors are with us since last 30, 40, 50 years and these are parties with significant good 
financial track record and we don’t expect any challenges. And the second thing which is very 
important, I would like to highlight is, at the cost of duplication, almost 65 to 70% of our sales 
is routed through channel financing where we have no risk and the same number in FMEG is 
almost 15, 20%, which is important when we analyze the health and the quality of these trade 
receivables. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
One thing, I am just looking at the quarterly other expenses which has jumped quite a bit from 
160 odd crore quarterly result to 195 crore. Any one off or any extra spend we have done, and 
how do we need to look at it? That’s the first question. Second is on the export side. If you can 
break it up the wires and cables revenue, I think we have booked around 180, 190 crore this 

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
quarter. If that is correct, then we’re seeing a domestic revenue with declining around close to 
20%. So, just to clarify on that export figure? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes. So, there is no one off in the other expenses except one particular element of unrealized 
foreign exchange gain and loss, and the details are available in the financial statements which 
have been uploaded on the website. Where we are comparing the top line movement, there are 
two, three elements which are required to be considered. One is what is the movement in average 
LME and FOREX in FY18-19 vis-à-vis FY19-20 and there is a reduction in weighted average 
between the two and that is where the overall sales number has improved. That is one, the second 
thing is though exports which have supported us in the current year. But there was bit of 
softening in few of the markets for cable as well as wire. If I talk about institutional sales in 
western markets, it was slightly soft in the current year because of a couple of reasons. One was 
the base year was significantly better because of the large projects and second is, there was a bit 
of softness in West. Having said that, in all the other regions we have been able to improve our 
top line growth. IEEMA which is the body for the Manufacturers in this particular industry has 
computed a de-growth of 14% in the current year and the assumption is that the organized sector 
has probably de-grown by high single digit, but the unorganized sector has significantly de-
growth probably in high double digits and considering that the overall performance of the 
company after excluding export also is positive.  
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay and the other segment any project the order book is left to be executed in the coming year 
or we will see some moderation because the execution has been quite strong in FY20? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Is that in relation to cable and wire or for EPC business? 
Chintan Sheth: 
EPC, yes. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
EPC we continue to have the healthy order book, but as I mentioned in earlier calls, EPC business 
for us is a strategic business and we are very choosy in terms of execution of such contracts. On 
normalized basis we expect this to be in the range of about 5 to 6% of our top line. Only exception 
could be optical fiber cable business, if we get some profitable contracts for that. But otherwise, 
generally speaking, the annualized number should be around 5 to 6% of our overall top line.  
Moderator:  
Thank you Chintan. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you all for joining us today. Thank you for your time as well as interesting questions and 
perspectives. We sincerely hope that you all remain healthy and safe in the coming time. And 
with that note, we take your leave. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Polycab India that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines.  

 
Polycab India Limited 
May 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Contact Information:  
 
Email: investor.relations@polycab.com  
 
Registered Office: 
Polycab India Limited  
Unit 4, Plot No.105,  
Halol Vadodara Road, Village Nurpura,  
Taluka Halol, Panchmahal,  
Gujarat – 389350  
http://www.polycab.com/ 
 
