 
           Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001. INDIA, Tel: +91 22 6752 5656                                                       
Fax: +91 22 6752 5893 
 
      CIN : L72900MH2012PLC232169 
 
      L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
L&T Technology Services Limited 
L&T Business Park, TC 2 Tower B, 
Second floor, North East Wing, 
Gate no.5, Saki Vihar Road, 
Powai, Mumbai – 400072 
www.ltts.com 
                May 26, 2020 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: LTTS 
 
                   The BSE Limited                    
                   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
                   Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
                   BSE Script Code: 540115 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) for 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2020 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please find attached the transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 
May 15, 2020 for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2020 for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For L&T Technology Services Limited 
 
Kapil Bhalla 
Company Secretary 
FCS.3485 
Encl: As above 
 
Submitted by: Mr. Kapil Bhalla 
Contact No.: 7567999669 
  

 
 
 
 
 
L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY20 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
May 15, 2020, 20:30hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. KESHAB PANDA – CEO, 
 
MR. AMIT CHADHA – DEPUTY CEO, 
 
MR. ABHISHEK SINHA – COO, 
 
MR. P. RAMAKRISHNAN – CFO, 
 
MR. PINKU PAPPAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 2 of 16 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from those in such forward-looking statements. L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not 
undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 
Moderator:   
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the L&T Technology Services Limited Q4 
FY20 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan – Head, Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Hello, everyone. And welcome to the fourth quarter and full year FY20 earnings conference call 
of LTTS. I am Pinku, heading Investor Relations. Let me start this call with an apology for 
keeping you up so late on a Friday evening. Our Board meetings are usually scheduled to start 
at 4 pm, but this time because it was a virtual meeting, we had to move it to 5:30 pm in order to 
accommodate our Board member across three time zones. 
Now, I hope you have had a chance to go through our investor release and financial statements. 
You can download the results from our website www.ltts.com. This call is for 60 minutes. We 
will try to wrap the management remarks in 25 minutes, and then open up for Q&A. The audio 
of this call will be available for replay on our website, approximately one hour after this call 
ends. 
Let me introduce the leadership team present on this call. We have Keshab Panda – CEO, Amit 
Chadha – Deputy CEO, Abhishek Sinha – COO, and P. Ramakrishnan – CFO. We will begin 
with Dr. Panda providing an overview of the company performance and a commentary on the 
business outlook. Amit will talk about our large deal wins and the deal pipeline. And finally, PR 
will walk you through the financial statements. Let me now turn the call over to Dr. Panda. 
Keshab Panda: 
Thank you, Pinku. And thank you all for joining us on the call today. We are sorry about 
extending your Friday working hours, so we will try to keep the management remarks concise. 
I hope all of you are safe and stay safe. 
Let me start with an update on how we are coping up with COVID-19 crisis. Since we last spoke 
with you on the investor call held on March 26th, I am happy to share that all our employees 
continue to be safe and healthy. The health of our employees has been our priority from day one. 
And we have been very proactive in ensuring they get all the support from the company. We 
also worked aggressively to minimize the disruption to our business and proactively 
communicated our business continuity plans to customers, somewhere around mid-March. The 
response from our customer has been broadly positive. And with their approvals, we have been 
able to shift even labs to homes, what we call as “Home Labs”. This is a very interesting concept 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 3 of 16 
and many of our customers wanted to imitate that for their business as well. This has allowed us 
to move the threshold higher than what would have otherwise been possible in terms of work 
from home for engineering services. 
On our last call, we communicated that we were at about 80% in terms of work from home 
enablement, and our target was to take it to 90% plus. We did face some challenges in the final 
stretch which impacted our productivity in last week of March. But today, we are at about 93% 
for offshore billable employees. We are working on new models for the future called work from 
anywhere, which is called WFX, that will simplify processes and policies for employees to 
connect with the company network.  
We also reached out to all our customers globally to find out how we can support them in this 
time, especially with our top 80 customers with whom we have a CXO connect. While longer 
term priorities remain unchanged, customers are having near-term business challenges around 
supply chain, reprioritizing product lines, inventory management, etc., which they have to solve 
immediately. We are working on multiple proposals with the customer at this time, and we have 
seen a very good response so far during last six weeks.  
Now let me talk about our Q4 performance. We declined by around 1% in consumer currency 
in quarter four. This was below our expectations at the start of the quarter, for two reasons. The 
first is, on account of COVID, both supply side constraints and demand side challenges. We lost 
some productivity as we tried to move up the Work from Home enablement. There were also 
some project ramp-up delays, furloughs and pause requests, especially in Transportation and 
Industrial Products, as we had indicated in our March call. Secondly, in Plant Engineering, we 
had to face abrupt project closures - which happened second week, third week, fourth week of 
March, in the upstream oil and gas sub-segment due to collapse in oil prices.  
Our deal win traction continues. We closed nine deal wins across sectors, which include one 
deal with TCV of $30 million plus, and three deals of TCV in the range of $10 million to $20 
million. 
Let me provide a brief summary of our performance in each vertical before providing the overall 
outlook, starting with Transportation. We had a sequential dip of 2% on account of furloughs 
and some productivity loss. We continue to be positioned strongly in areas like electric cars, 
safety and ADAS in Auto, and avionics software in Aerospace. There is a temporary push back 
in some of the longer-term projects, but we are looking to assist customers in the near-term 
priorities, around shifting supply chain, inventory management and shop-floor line transfer as 
we speak. 
In Telecom and Hi-Tech, we had an almost flat quarter, our expectation was that we would 
show growth in quarter four, but we were hurt by deal ramp-up slowdowns as onboarding at the 
customer end was delayed. Some renewals also got hit due to the uncertainty in the environment. 
We had solid wins in the quarter, winning four large deals and Amit will talk more on these 
deals.  Semiconductor and Media & Entertainment will clearly benefit from this crisis, with more 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 4 of 16 
demand for chipsets and entertainment, so we believe we are in a good position to benefit from 
this.  
In Plant Engineering, we lost some of the strong momentum in this segment due to a few abrupt 
project closures in the Oil and Gas upstream segment, which was a growth area in FY20. This 
is, of course, a result of the unprecedented collapse in oil prices, with oil futures going to a never-
before seen negative territory. The forecast indicates oil prices will stabilize by Q2 of FY21 as 
demand picks up. However, the other two segments we are present in are ok. CPG is not affected 
and in Chemicals, the specialty chemical standalone companies are not impacted. Across the 
plant industry we are seeing a shift in the customer mindset - they are looking at a lower cost of 
operations for run and maintain part of plants and there are some interesting proposals in the 
pipeline.  
At Industrial Products, Q4 performance was impacted by low demand in the Oil and Gas 
machinery side, which is a part of Industrial Products, and some factory shutdowns. There 
continues to be demand for value engineering as customers look to make products which are 
smarter and cheaper. 
In Medical, the reported growth of 7% quarter-on-quarter would have been better, if not for the 
COVID related impact from delayed elective surgeries and revenue disruption for hospitals. We 
expect the upside in this segment to only improve because of higher healthcare spending 
especially on diagnostic devices and remote patient monitoring where we are very strong. 
Let me now discuss briefly FY20 and then the outlook. We closed FY20 with 9.3% constant 
currency growth, despite multiple headwinds. Our broad-based portfolio helped us achieve this 
growth as we had 20% plus growth in three segments, namely Medical, Transportation and Plant 
Engineering. I am particular happy with the progress we made in the Medical segment, which 
grew by almost 50% year-on-year and is now 10% of our revenue. We remain very focused on 
being our customer strategic and preferred partner. And getting to 93% work from home 
enablement in engineering services is an achievement, given the complexity involved. My 
compliments to the team and I would also thank my customers for that. 
While there is going to be a period of uncertainty in the near-term, we believe the current crises 
is only like to accelerate the longer-term trend of consolidation of engineering spends towards 
stronger and established vendors. We believe this is an opportunity for us in the future.  
Our large deal engine continues to churn wins. Right during the midst of lockdown, we won two 
large deals in month of April and May. And one of them is $30 plus million, and the other is $15 
plus million in terms of TCV. So during the lockdown when customer is not going to office, I 
think this is a solid win for us. 
We continue to invest in technology and quickly pivot our offering to meet customer needs. For 
example, we have iBEMS Shield for companies looking to transform workplaces post COVID. 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 5 of 16 
Another example is our Frugal manufacturing offering to help enterprise transfer or prioritize 
their manufacturing and production line. 
At this point of time, we are unable to provide a guidance given a lack of clarity on when the 
effects of pandemic will start reversing. There are various predictions of economic recovery. But 
based on our conversations with customers, we expect some recovery in quarter two, following 
a dip in quarter one, as restrictions are slowly lifted, and many cities and many countries start 
opening slowly and business activity and demand start recovering. Developed economies are 
likely to take a hit this year. The consensus forecast currently for the US economy is a decline 
of nearly 5% in 2020. The US as you know, is our biggest market with 60% contribution there. 
And we are carefully looking at the impact to every industry and exploring opportunities for 
growth and market share expansion in our biggest market. 
Before I hand over, let me take a moment to congratulate Amit Chadha on his elevation to 
Deputy CEO. Amit joined LTTS - earlier it was L&T IES - in 2009 and and he has been working 
with me since then. His elevation is a part of the succession planning of the company, and I wish 
him the best for the future. Now, let me hand it over to Amit. 
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you so much, Dr. Panda, for your wishes and support. Good evening to all of you. I do 
wish and trust that you and your families are safe and healthy.  
Allow me to share with you our approach, the conversations we have been having with 
customers, details or some of the wins in Q4 and the pipeline and outlook as we see today. In 
response to the pandemic, we created Growth streams and Resilience streams amongst the entire 
leadership team of this company, right from March onwards. The Resilience streams have been 
focused on bench management, retraining and collections, led by our COO, Abhishek Sinha. I 
have been leading the Growth streams with some of our senior leaders across the organization. 
This is made up of five broad areas - proactive large deals, Medical growth, Hi-Tech growth, 
Frugal manufacturing, and digital repositioning. If you go to our website, you can see some of 
the new offerings in context of the current situation, that we have launched. 
COVID did have an impact on our pipeline and conversions. We also saw furlough notices and 
some cancellations in the Transportation, Industrial Products and Oil and Gas area. But we have 
seen an uptick in the pipeline value in May. It has returned to pre-COVID levels after dipping 
in March and April. The conversations in the last few weeks have turned cautiously positive and 
clients are receiving and discussing our proposals. 
Let me give you a segment wise update. For Transportation, in Q4, we won the two deals we 
had spoken about last quarter - one in the construction equipment and one with an auto OEM. 
In May, that is the current quarter, we have been awarded an autonomous driving deal from a 
European OEM, for whom we have been engaged to execute the entire software integration and 
build management for their engine control units. We are in conversations with our clients in 
U.S., Europe and Japan for four more deals in the areas of powertrain, connectivity and 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 6 of 16 
autonomous driving in the Auto segment, and in electronics hardware and software in the 
Aerospace segment. 
Moving on to Plant Engineering, this segment for us did very well last year, but has been 
impacted by oil prices tanking and subsequent budget cuts by our clients. We did manage to 
close one deal in Q4 in the Oil and Gas segment, and that is underway. We have also been trying 
to grow the CPG segment where we have had one win in Q4. We are pursuing some engineering 
value center and digital factory deals. This segment will take some time to come back to 
normalcy. 
Talking about Industrial Products, our differentiated offerings in digital towards cloudification 
of products and services, frugal manufacturing and home labs have seen traction with clients. 
We closed two small deals in quarter four. And like Dr. Panda mentioned, we just signed a large 
deal a week ago. In this large deal, we will help our client provide technology solutions, 
including software and data analytics platforms for the oil and gas upstream industry. We are in 
the process of discussing other proposals and hope to make continued headway in this segment. 
In the Medical segment, we have repurposed some of our offerings to address the ongoing 
situation in areas like certification of equipment, and supply chain rejigging. We closed the two 
deals we were pursuing in Q4. There are four deals in the pipeline that we expect to close in this 
quarter. 
Moving on to the Hi-Tech segment, we have seen continued traction. If you recall, we were 
pursuing five deals when I spoke to you last time. Happy to share that we have closed four of 
these five in Q4. The largest deal that we have closed was a complete managed services deal for 
a Media and Entertainment customer. We will be involved in the development and deployment 
of new features as part of a roadmap to support 60 end-customers across North and South 
America. We see traction in the telecom operators space, semcon space and media entertainment 
space in the areas of product support, vendor consolidation, and cloudification of products. 
Summing up, we faced notices and deal delays in the early part of the current quarter. But with 
our growth stream organization-wide focus, we were able to bring back the pipeline. For FY21, 
we expect the strong momentum in Medical to continue, we see a path for growth in Telecom 
and Hi-Ttech. We will try to recover quickly in Transportation and Industrial Products, while 
Plant engineering may take longer to come back. Like Dr. Panda mentioned, on the back of our 
strong client relationships, we do see several consolidation and product engineering Center of 
Excellence (COE) opportunities. And seven of the nine deals we won in quarter four were of 
this nature. We stay committed to returning to our growth trajectory soon. 
I now hand over to PR. Thank you. 
P. Ramakrishnan: 
Thank you, Amit. Good evening to all of you. Our thanks to you for taking the call on a Friday 
late evening weekend at 8:30 pm. You must have heard from Dr. Panda and Amit on the on the 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 7 of 16 
way the performance has been. I will try to summarize the financials for the year ended 31st 
March, 2020, and also give highlights for the quarterly performance as well. 
So we closed the FY20 with a revenue of almost Rs. 5, 620 crores, almost 10.5% plus growth 
year-on-year. In dollar terms, we had revenue of $786 million, which is roughly a growth of 
around 9% compared to FY19. The net income, that is the PAT, was reported at Rs. 819-odd 
crores, which is almost a growth of 7%. And the net margin being maintained at 14.6% for the 
year. 
When it comes to quarter-on-quarter, our revenues, we reported at $195.4 million for the quarter, 
which is roughly a decline of 2% Q-on-Q. And in constant currency, a decline of around 1%. 
Our profit after tax for the quarter ended 31st March 2020, has been reported at Rs. 205 crores, 
and the net margin at 14.2%. 
You must have gone through the financial statements and the investor and press release, just to 
take you through there. Coming to the overall numbers from a margin perspective. Our EBIT 
margin for the quarter has been at 15.2%. And I request all the people to pay attention that during 
this quarter we had a one-time spend in terms of contribution to PM Cares, it was roughly around 
Rs. 18.3 crores. If I take that amount and adjust it for that one-time payment, then the EBIT 
margin would be almost 16.5%, more or less equal to the previous quarter.  
Having said this, during this quarter, the company did take the benefit of a sharper rupee down 
move in terms of almost, I would say, Rs. 3.5% in realized exchange rate which benefited the 
EBIT, but that got partly offset because of lower revenue which we generated during the quarter 
Coming to income tax rate. Throughout this year we had around 25% income tax overall rate, 
and that continues. 
Now, coming to other income, for the quarter, we have almost Rs. 52 crores we have shown and 
roughly that comprises majorly on account of foreign exchange gains because of translation and 
transaction of debtors, partially offset by losses on our hedge covers, which we show against in 
this particular line. As I told you, we also managed to get the licenses which we had filed, the 
export licenses for the previous year during the quarter, and that's one of the major amount which 
is shown as government incentives of almost around Rs. 32 crores for the quarter. Thereby taking 
the overall other income net, net to Rs. 52 crores.  Other income also includes a finance charge 
because of IndAS 116, which is more or less an adjustment. Because of IndAS, the rent is now 
substituted by way of a higher amortization charge and also higher finance cost. Otherwise, the 
debt at the company at closing of 31st March, 20202, is around Rs. 30-odd crores. 
Coming to the balance sheet size, our balance sheet for 31st March, 2020 is around Rs. 4,300-
odd crores, which is roughly around, I would say, almost Rs. 1,000 crores increase compared to 
31st March, 2019, primarily because of major part of that is because of the IndAS adjustment 
where you can see in the property and plant and equipment there is a huge increase because of 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 8 of 16 
we are bringing as the right of use of asset, and against that creating a current and a non-current 
liability of the lease payable. 
Having said this, one important thing which you would see that, another increase is because of 
the accounts receivable almost around, I would say, Rs. 300 crores it has seen the increase. And 
that is one of the reasons for the increase in overall balance sheet size.  
Our free cash flow for the year has not been as good as it was in the previous year. We had a 
roughly free cash flow of around Rs. 487 crores, which is roughly around 60% conversion of 
PAT to free cash flow, largely driven by the fact that we could have collected almost $30 million 
more by the end of March in terms of our receivables, but because of the COVID situation, there 
were some delays. And as we speak, some of those shortfalls have been actually recouped in the 
current quarter. And going ahead, I think this year, especially the first two quarters, a lot of 
emphasis will be given to improve overall collections. And as we speak, you don't see any great 
headwinds from non-realizability of receivables, as we speak now. 
The return on equity for the year has been around 31% as compared to 34.8% of the previous 
year. 
Coming to the revenue by verticals, since already Dr. Panda and Amit gave you a colour of the 
verticals, performance for the year. But just to give a perspective. In terms of overall revenues, 
Transportation continues to be the major share, almost 35% of the yearly revenues accrued from 
Transportation. Followed by Industrial Products, and Telecom, Hi-Tech, both of them are at 
20% share each. In fact, as Dr. Panda talked about, Transportation, Plant Engineering and 
Medical Devices are the three segments which actually had almost 20% growth year-on-year, 
but was actually offset by degrowth in Telecom and Industrial Products. So the share of revenues 
in Telecom and Industrial Products remains at 20%, Plant Engineering and 16%, and Medical is 
almost at 10%, as against 7% in the previous year. 
Coming to revenue share by geography. We still continue to see overall share of North America 
having a major share of revenue, excess of 60% of our revenue from North America customers, 
followed by Europe at 15%, and India and the Rest of the World are at 13% and 11% 
respectively.  
In our onsite-offshore revenue mix, for the quarter, we did see a slightly higher on-site 
component, from 44% in Q3 it jumped to 47%. And hence the overall yearly onsite offshore 
revenue mix is 45:55 for the quarter. And in terms of the revenue by fixed price and time and 
material contracts, we have not seen a major change. I would say that around 40% in terms of 
fixed price and 60% on time and material contract. 
The rest of the statistics in terms of client contribution and utilization are there for everyone to 
view. In the interest of time, I would probably close at this level. And we are there ready to take 
questions now. Thank you. 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 9 of 16 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take the 
first question from the line of Laxmi Narayanan from ICICI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
I have three questions. The first question is, what is your effort mix onsite-offshore this year and 
how it was last year full year? Second question is, what have been your revenues from new 
clients for this year? And the third question is, do you get any synergy from Mindtree, in case if 
there are some clients of Mindtree which you can actually mine? These are my three questions? 
Keshab Panda: 
The first part I think I would request PR to answer that, and the second part let me answer, the 
new customer. If you look at it, we always focus on Top 80 customers, top 30, next 20 and next 
30. And consistently FY18, FY19 and FY20, the similar trend - Top 30 customer contributes 
anywhere between 58% to 61%, and Top 80 customers contribute 83% to 84%, that trend 
remains the same. Then when we look at the numbers, we always look at what happens to our 
top customers and how they are doing it, and then other customers. So I think we always focus 
on these 80 customers without fail we must continue to maintain the percentage what we do and 
grow. And absolute number also is growing. So about the synergy from Mindtree, yes, of course, 
we are looking at if there is a possibility of working together, specifically when we see some of 
the areas where they do IT and there is an opportunity for us to do engineering, of course, we 
look at that. As we speak, there are few areas we are bidding together. But only thing is, you 
need to remember we need to have an arms-length distance, we need to have a different MSA, 
we need to have clarity at the beginning itself. And that governance is in place and that seems to 
be working fine. On onsite-offshore, we have improved, our offshore component increased 
compared to FY19 to FY20. I think it is in a healthy condition right now. PR, can you give the 
numbers, last year for FY19 - FY20 onsite-offshore.  
P. Ramakrishnan: 
Sorry, Lakshmi, I am sorry, whereas we have been always giving the onsite-offshore revenue 
mix perspective, we don't have a practice of disclosing the efforts part of it. So we only disclose 
the revenue side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Pankaj Kapoor: 
Dr. Panda, my first question is to you. If you look at your business portfolio, how much of it 
would be called discretionary? I mean, for example, relate to say a new product development 
etc., whether disruption in supply chains can have an impact for an extended period? And 
conversely, how much of it would be more that you can recover relatively quickly once things 
start normalizing? 
Keshab Panda: 
You know if look at it, 40% of the business is consulting and design work, and 60% is what's 
called skill-based engineering which is annuity business, that's how it works. Now, when you go 
up, the product engineering, the discretionary business - it changes from industry to industry. 
What is discretionary in Automotive and Off Highway segment is different from what we do for 
Hi-Tech segment. So today if you see what is discretionary and if discretionary is impacted, 
there are some segments which have not been impacted at all. But there are some segments 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 10 of 16 
because of supply chain - the Auto industry for example has taken a hit. But at the same time, 
because of supply chain issue we also won few orders, the orders we talked about the recent 
wins what we have. So, in my view, overall when you look at it, it's a minimum percentage with 
impacts on the discretionary part. It depends on…like in medical areas, the product which we 
are working earlier, customers come with new ideas… “can you the project on hold and this 
project can restart and complete by this date”. So I think it keeps changing from segment to 
segment. That is where I think his current situation is. 
Pankaj Kapoor: 
Understood. And Amit, your comment seems to suggest that there appears to be some 
normalization in the decision making on these deals in the recent weeks. So just wanted to 
understand, has there been any release in deals, or have you seen any higher expectation from 
the clients on price of these deals? If you can clarify please. Thank you. 
Amit Chadha: 
If I heard your question correct, the question was, if there has been any level is the same, video 
was cutting off. Repeat the question please. 
Pankaj Kapoor: 
So what my question was that, your comments were suggesting that the deal decision making is 
now getting normalized to some extent, especially in the last few weeks. So just wanted to 
understand if you have seen any rescoping in these deals? And has there been any higher 
aggression from clients on pricing in such deals? 
Amit Chadha: 
So number one, so where we were in early March and onwards from there in early April, where 
people were bothered about survival and life. We do have clients talking to us and say, 75% of 
a meeting would basically be focused on COVID. We have clients talking about their supply 
chain disruption, how it's going to change, they are talking about their plans in the new 
environment, and they are positively receiving proactive proposals that we are making. So that's 
for sure happening. Now, is the speed of decision making back to pre-COVID levels? The 
answer is no, they are taking longer to make those decisions. Third, do we see price point 
pressures? The answer to that is that, again, it's a mixed bag, because there are areas that we are 
getting engaged in, like the ones that we have won where we have won them at pre-COVID 
levels, we have not had to make any room there. But there are conversations that we are doing 
in consolidation, etc., which requires a little bit of aggression. But again a mixed bag, it's not 
one sign that you are getting to give up rates etc. 
Keshab Panda: 
And Pankaj, segment-wise when you look at it, Telecom Hi-Tech and Medical, which even 
though people were in panic condition earlier, and that will have impact in quarter one. But what 
we see is, in end of quarter one some of the deal wins will come back. So Telecom, Hi-Tech and 
Medical segment, I think will come back faster than other segments. Now, coming to Plant 
Engineering segment, if you see Plant Engineering - CPG, food beverage industry and chemical 
industry that is going to grow faster than the Oil and Gas segment. Oil and Gas we don't know, 
it might go to quarter three, quarter four as well. So it is not going to come back in quarter two. 
In Transportation, in the Auto segment in particular we won a deal recently, when crises was 
going on and customers are sitting at home, still a decision was made, and a sizable deal we won. 
Because that is a priority for them, the supply chain - the way they were managing earlier, they 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 11 of 16 
want to change that today. They are saying companies like us, we can play a bigger role than 
what we have been doing. But at the same time, in the Automotive segment there are instances 
of furloughs. So it's a combination based on segments. What we are saying is, at least 
communication - when we were in March, early April, customers were not available to have a 
dialogue. Now the proactive proposals and the business model we are proposing to them, the 
response that is coming back from them is “let us have a dialogue and let us talk about it”. At 
least that gives us a hope and the recent wins, like yesterday, we won a deal in Germany. That's 
a very high level of design work, which we do, chip design work on semiconductor segment. 
This was something we thought we will close in March end. But it happened only yesterday. So 
from the second half of March till first half of April, the communication was one-sided only, As 
Amit said, we were talking about COVID-19 only, we were talking about how they are doing, 
how their employees are doing, how their family is doing. Business discussion has started 
happening from second half of April onwards which gives us a comfort that some segments are 
going to come back sooner. And those segments we are prioritizing so that we can bring back 
our revenue growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from Elara. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Just a question on the deal activity, your commentary sounds little optimistic in terms of the deal 
wins in the quarter as well as the pipeline and what you are seeing on the ground. Could you 
elaborate as to what, why, or how are you winning this? Is it the activity is progressing faster 
than you anticipated? Or some clients are kind of aggressively closing the deals? 
Keshab Panda: 
Listen, Abhishek, the reality is 4.5 million people are impacted, 300,000 people died and 190 
million people globally are unemployed, and America has 37 million people unemployed. So 
we have issues like there are furloughs and SOW’s getting cancelled. I think when you see 
overall, at this particular time when you go through, you hear negative news, you hear positive 
news, but it gives us comfort that what we intended to do as a company, as a leadership team, 
some of the proactive proposals, some of the new ideas we are telling, customers are listening 
to that. There is one customer we had a videoconference in last few days, and he was telling, 
"let's not wait for it, this COVID will continue, but I have a problem in supply chain, I believe 
we want to do something different in India. Can we do a center for me there?" So, those issues 
also supply chain also can create a positive impact for us. 
So, the way we are saying is, there are negatives happening, we talked about that, and positives 
happening at today's time, in April May when you win a $15 million engineering deal, $30 
million engineering deal, it is definitely a positive thing. And we have to be optimistic, otherwise 
every morning you wake up and see 2,000 people died in America, and then oil price going to 
negative which never happened in a decade, it happened now. So keeping in mind what the 
business opportunity is for us, we believe the technology and domain knowledge what we built 
over years, the innovation what we have done, it is time for us to stay strong .And that seems to 
be working. That's all I would say. 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 12 of 16 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
That’s helpful. And just a short data question. My apologies if it's a repeat, but could you 
quantify the drop in Q4 to demand challenges and the execution challenges? And second part is 
to PR, PR the realized rate for the quarters is substantially higher. Anything you would like to 
highlight? Thanks. 
Keshab Panda: 
See, demand and supply part I will answer first one, PR will take second one. See what happens 
is, we did work from home, when we started working, I did communicate in March 26, work 
from home which we did. But when you work from home, the productivity for work from home, 
even though there are some cases customer approval came, some cases where the fixed bid 
projects which we thought are going to be completed, customer approvals got delayed. For us to 
perfect this delivery from home and being as productive as in office what we visualize, that has 
not happened. So that had an impact in quarter four. That's number one. 
Number two, there are some cases we thought we are going to close. Usually, in engineering, 
the last part of it, we will have 10% to 15% of business we close later...so that got delayed. And 
second part, I would ask PR to answer. 
P. Ramakrishnan: 
So thank you. Abhishek, I did tell while I was explaining the numbers that there was an increase 
of almost Rs. 2.50 in realized exchange rate in Q4 as compared to Q3 and that obviously added 
to top-line and profitability. But also you have seen that in Q4 there is a drop of almost $4 million 
in top-line. And plus the other aspect is that our onsite-offshore revenue mix also went into more 
into onsite centric in Q4. That's one of the reasons that we were just able to manage the margins 
as what we were aiming to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Agarwal from Principal Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Ashish Agarwal: 
I just wanted to understand couple of things. There was a sharp increase in onsite revenues, any 
specific reason for that? And secondly, how should we look at your margins going forward into 
FY21? 
Keshab Panda: 
PR, can you take that please? 
P. Ramakrishnan: 
So the onsite-offshore revenue mix, historically we have been always saying that onsite-offshore 
revenue mix will range from 45:55 to 55:45. It depends on the type of project we get during the 
quarter and which goes into maximum amount of execution. For a large part of the last four, five 
quarters we have been seeing onsite-offshore revenue mix hovering between 45:55. This is one 
quarter where the number has undergone a slight change, tilting in terms of going into more of 
onsite side, almost 3%, from 44% to 47%. But I expect this is not something which is going to 
change also in the near future, we will operate in that 48:52 or 52:48 band in terms of revenue 
mix. And secondly, when it comes to margin, we don't give a specific margin guidance. But all 
of you are aware of the fact, and that is also demonstrated in the segment result part of it, margin 
is, I would say, more of a function of where the business comes from. And if the business seems 
to be coming from three segments, there the margin profile is slightly higher. And when it comes 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 13 of 16 
from Transportation and Telecom and Hi-Tech, the two segments where the margin clip is lower 
and around 15% to 17% at constant currency rate that we see today. So, I guess we are not here 
to talk about in a sense that we will take only margin dilutive revenue growth or margin accretive 
value growth. I think it's a question of what kind of growth which will come, and we will take 
that. And that will obviously have the related margin consequence. Having said this, yes, there 
are margin levers in terms of utilization and all, which we continue to work upon. And hopefully 
I guess we should be in a position to maintain in a sense that based on constant currency and 
constant growth as the way we have talked about, otherwise there will be an impact. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashi Bhushan from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Shashi Bhushan: 
In verticals wherein we are seeing weaker environment, like oil and gas and plant engineering, 
is it pricing that is under pressure or that aggressive stance may help gaining wallet share? Or is 
it that there is complete freeze on decision making with cancellation of projects? 
Keshab Panda: 
See, Oil and Gas is a part of Plant engineering, okay. And some part of the industry, if you see 
oilfield services, we service that in the Industrial Product segment. If oil price goes down, the 
customers who were willing to invest in new project in upstream areas, that is getting delayed. 
The pricing pressure doesn't come here. Opportunity goes away or opportunity is deferred 
because the project you are doing today, this investment required, that they stopped. They said 
let's stop this, we will discuss this after a few quarters. There is no pricing pressure there. In 
plant engineering, again, there are three segments, right. One is Oil and Gas; then other one is 
CPG and food beverage industry. And the third one is Chemical industry. So Chemical and CPG 
is not impacted. So we see this is an area where again, there is no pricing pressure or not impacted 
as high as what we see there in Oil and Gas. It could have deferrals, but I think this is going to 
comeback faster than the Oil & Gas segment within in plant engineering.  
Shashi Bhushan: 
And how do we see Q1 evolving as we are already six weeks into the quarter, would the decline 
this similar to this quarter or steeper than this? 
Keshab Panda: 
Every day is new, and I wish I had the answer to give you today. In the current scenario, some 
cities are open, some plants are open, and some plants are not open. Even if it’s open, it’s going 
to start at 25% or 30%. And sales people, all the communication goes through video. And in the 
current scenario the people who completed their projects - they can't fly back to India, as 
commercial flights are not there. So I think a lot of questions need to be answered. I think overall 
point of view, is there going to be a dip? I think we said that, Q1 is going to be a dip. We are 
making assessments and we are trying to win new deals, so it depends on how fast it is going to 
recover and how many deals we are going to win quickly, so that we minimize that dip. So that's 
where we are at this time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhu Babu from Centrum Broking. Pa. 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 14 of 16 
Madhu Babu: 
Sir, captives have been impacted substantially in this lockdown in terms of logistics etc. So how 
do we see the market share moving within captives? Because engineering anyways has a large 
amount of captives. So are we seeing a market share gains in the captives? Second, are there any 
captives which will be on the block and we would look for acquisitions? 
Keshab Panda: 
Listen, I think we are looking at it right now. One thing we did well compared to, I don't have 
the data to say for sure, the work from home and moving the lab or the engineering center to 
home, I think we did very effectively. Some of the BCP plan when we send to our customer who 
have captive in India, they say “you guys have been able to do what we couldn't do”. So, I think 
as we speak, we are looking at the captives in India and where we have the possibility of doing 
more than what we do today. Some of them are our customers as well globally, including 
captives. But one thing you have to be careful about, what are we going to acquire a captive for? 
Do I get technology or do I get people, or do I get revenue? So, I think it is important for us, is 
a captive working on a particular segment only, and if that segment is going to be impacted long 
term we may not be interested in doing that. So, I think, as we speak now, absolutely we are 
looking at few opportunities in captive area, which has potential and synergy for us for future 
growth and taking these people is going to be helpful. We did a small scale, one or two we did 
not on a bigger scale, last few months. Are we going to look at the bigger ones? And if we do 
bigger ones, what is the value I get for the long term? We always debate on that. Yes, there is an 
opportunity on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Mukul Garg: 
Dr. Panda, based on your previous comments, it seems like you are seeing a fair number of 
clients coming back to discussion table in last few weeks. Now, if you look at overall global 
macroeconomic environment that continues to remain quite weak. And usually despite people's 
desire to maintain R&D, that is an area which seems to be sort of amount of cost reduction. So 
why is this time the kind of decisions with client a bit different versus what we have seen in the 
past? Why are they willing to continue spending on R&D instead of cutting costs? 
Keshab Panda: 
Mukul if you go through what is R&D, R&D is not research and development in true sense when 
you go to a customer, right? When you go to a customer, he has a product already there. He has 
to take out the cost, he has to do more than what he was doing before. He has less money now, 
still he has to do it. He has a product now where the people are there right now working on it 
and then there is a cost pressure. He doesn't want to do capital investment. Whereas we already 
have a lab, we already have people. So any crisis brings opportunity, whether that's 2001, or 
2007-2008 we believe. At the end of March, April when we were trying to look at when you get 
furlough or you get sort of a cancellation, and we analyze why the cancellation is happening...so 
customers were looking at that time saying that we are not sure what is going to happen to our 
liquidity position, so which are the projects we can stop. And I still believe an Industrial company 
or Telecom Hi-tech company or a company like a Plant engineering company, FMCG Company, 
the core thing is, they manufacture their product, and their manufacturing shop floor has to run.  

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 15 of 16 
So, if I am thinking about new ideas which are going to hit the market, I am going to roll it out 
two years from today, I am doing innovative projects. Then I look at my bank balance, do I have 
money to invest for two years. Those projects are put on hold, they are not going to do it. Now, 
there are projects we have heard from customers saying, this project was supposed to be 
delivered in two quarters, can you do in one quarter, then I go and hit that in the market quickly. 
Same is the case of product development, the product development project which I am doing, 
which is supposed to have a plan for working for long-term, that has been put on hold. So, I 
think multiple things are happening but it’s not a question of research and development, this is 
a survival issue. If a customer has to survive, then he has to do product, if a customer has to 
survive then manufacturing shop-floor has to run, it has to be more efficient and it has to be a 
smart product. And if a customer wants to go to a new geography – do they go now or delay by 
three months, six months, look at how market is going on, the liquidity condition, debt condition, 
all that they look at. So that’s how it was, nothing has changed. So, temporary impact of course 
is going to happen …this is something nobody has seen in a lifetime, but it's not going to remain 
long term. At the same time, I still believe if we do this right with the technology and the vertical 
segment what we have, it is an opportunity. If you play it well, you can have a temporary dip, 
but you will be able to come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from CGS CIMB. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just the experience in terms of the deal wins which has happened in January, February, and 
March and also in the last few weeks which you have said in April, May. Are they ramping up 
as per your expectations? And your expectation of 2Q bouncing back in terms of the growth, is 
it on an assumption that there could be some normalization of COVID? Or is it largely in terms 
of the deal wins, which has happened? The third question is, just in terms of what you said in 
April and May, one large deal of $30 million and second was $50 million, and that is largely a 
new business? And PR, are using in the coming years the margins could be flattish in a constant 
currency, is it what you are trying to say in a previous reply? 
P. Ramakrishnan: 
Dr. Panda, I will take the last questions. So what I talked about was that I told that we don't give 
specific margin guidance. I also told that margin for us is dependent largely on the fact as to how 
the revenue growth comes across the five segments. So if you see revenue growth coming from 
the higher profitable segments, obviously margins would be higher. And I also told that if at 
constant currency and constant revenue whatever we had; I don't see why margins cannot be 
maintained. But, obviously, it's a mathematical equation which you are trying to talk about. So, 
for us, the margin profile primarily depends on which segment the growth is coming from and 
that will determine our margin profile in a normal scenario. 
Keshab Panda: 
There's one correction though, I think you said $50 million, that's not correct. $15 million, that's 
what we talked about. What Amit spoke and I spoke, $30 million and $15 million, April, May. 
Amit, can you answer the other one, what gives comfort on Q2, that first question, can you 
answer that please? 

 
Q4 FY20 Earnings Call
 
May 15, 2020 
Page 16 of 16 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure. So the way we look at this, and I have given commentary vertical by vertical the reason 
we think that our quarter two onwards we will be able to start our trajectory is because, one, in 
the Medical segment, though it is small for us, we are seeing continued demand. We see that 
Telecom & Hi-Tech also will continue to have positive conversations. Though Transportation, 
Industrial Products and Plant Engineering were hit, Transportation - again people are coming 
back, people are starting to buy cars, and there is positivity in terms of discussion going on there. 
And so is Industrial Products. Plant Engineering like Dr. Panda talked about, will take some 
more time. So we already covered that. But I am happy to take any specific item that you may 
have in this area. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, can you throw some light in terms of aerospace as a whole? And is there any systematic 
risk in any of your top 20, 30 clients as a whole? 
Amit Chadha: 
So from an aerospace standpoint, we work in the avionics space, we do not work with airlines, 
right? I mean, that's not our business, we are more with the aerospace companies, avionics, etc. 
And Dr. Panda had also shared with you, I think last time we had the earnings call that we had 
set up this center in the U.S. focused on ITAR and defense. So, though there is a hit on these 
areas, we do expect these to bounce back sooner, there are conversations going on in this area. 
So we do expect avionics - the work that we do is very specialized, and we do see that that will 
come back sooner. So that was one. You had another part of the question? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to turn the conference back 
to Mr. Pinku Pappan for closing comments. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you for joining us on the call today. We hope we were able to answer most of your 
questions. If you have any follow-up queries, please reach out to me on email. Wishing you very 
safe times. Goodbye and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With that we conclude today's conference. Thank you. Thank you for 
joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
 
 
