NA VA BHARA T VENTURES LIMITED 
NA \'A BIIARAT CIIA!\lBERS, RA.J BIIA VAN ROAD, II\DERABAD-500082,TELANGANA, INDIA 
NAVA BHARAT 
NBV ISECTLI 5512020-21 
July 6, 2020 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5
111 Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
NSE Symbol : 'NBVENTURES' 
Dear Sirs, 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: '513023' I 'NBVENTURE' 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: Transcript of the Conference call with Investors. 
--oOo--
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call with Investors I Analysts held on 
June 29, 2020 on the operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2020. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
for Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
~/ 
VSN Raju 
Company Secretary 
& Vice President 
Encl: as above. 
Telephone :(040) 23403501, 23403540; Fax: 080 6688 6121 
E-Mail: investorservices@nbv.in Website: www.nbventures.com 
Corporate Identity No.: L271 01TG 1972PLC001549 

NAVA BHARAT 
"Nava Bharat Ventures Limited Q4 FY20 Earnings 
Conference Call" 
June 29, 2020 
IDFC UMITED 
NAVA BHARAT 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHWIN DEVINENI- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
MR. GRK PRASAD- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
MR. SULTAN BAIG- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MOD ERA TOR: 
MR. SHIRISH RANE- IDFC SECURITIES LIMITED 
Page 1 of 14 

NAVA BHAH'IH 
Moderator: 
Shirish Rane: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Nalin Shah: 
GRK Prasad: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
Ladies and gentlemen. good day and welcome to the Nava Bharat Ventures Limitcd Q4 FY20 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IDFC Securities. As a reminder. all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sirish Rane from IDFC Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, Mr. Rane. 
Good morning everyone and welcome to Nava Bharat Ventures Limited's Q4 FY20 Earnings 
call. We have with us today. from Nava Bharat Ventures Limited Mr. Ashwin Devineni -
Chief Executive Officer; Mr. GRK Prasad - Executive Director and Mr. Sultan Baig 
Chief 
Financial Of1icer. 
To start the call Mr. Ashwin will give some opening remarks, after which we will have 
question-and-answers. Over to you. sir. 
A very good morning everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants. The statement of 
our financial results both on standalone and consolidated basis and the press release dctailing 
the operations of the Nava Bharat Ventures Group for the quarter and year ended March 31. 
2020 have already been filed \Yith the stock exchanges and posted on our website. 
I hope you have had a look at them and trust that they provide adequate information on our 
performance for the quarter and the year ended March 3 I, 2020. 
Given the above, we would like to proceed with the question-answer session and request you 
all to seek clarifications as you may desire. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line ofNalin Shah from NVS Brokerage. Please go ahead. 
I would like to know what is the latest position on the power plants in India and outside India 
and latest position of the ferro alloys prices in the global markets? 
The power plants in India are driven by the captive consumption of manganese alloys and 
chromium alloys respectively in Telangana and Odisha. They have been operating well post 
the lockdown. We had a setback during the lockdown for April and May, and pmi of March 
was also affected. However, from June onwards the operations have been fairly steady. In 
Zambia, the operations continued to operate uninterrupted at full scale. 
Even now the operations are still at a normative level there. In terms of ferro alloys also. we 
had to shut down our operations during the lockdown and commenced the operations at full 
Page 2 of 14 

NAVA 
Nalin Shah: 
GRK Prasad: 
Nalin Shah: 
GRK Prasad: 
Moderator: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sultan: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
scale fi·om I st of .June. So there also the production levels have been at full level in both 
Telangana and Odisha plants. and the movements have been happening, respectively for direct 
sale of manganese alloys in Telangana works and for chromium alloys under conversion 
arrangement with Tala Steel in Oclisha 
Okay. so what is the likely impact in terms of pricing both in Zambia as well as in this ferro 
alloys? 
Zambia is a power business dedicated to the grid, there is no change there. In terms of Indian 
operations there has been a significant volatility that is seen in the steel and dependent ferro 
alloy industry as well. We expect that kind of volatility to continue for some more months to 
come. 
What is the expected position in terms of this Q I with regard to impairment of assets or any 
extraordinary or any such thing? 
There will not be any write offs, but obviously the fixed cost was not recovered fully during 
lockclown, to that extent we would sutler higher cost instance. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar fi·om IDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir. my first question primarily, is regarding the status of receivables at the end of March '20 
from Maamba and has there been some improvement in this quarter? Secondly, on the status of 
discussion over taritTs negotiation as mentioned in press release, has that happened or is there a 
plan in place with the Zambian Government or ZESCO? 
Mohit, status of receivable in MCL stands at $279 million as of March 31, 2020. As you may 
be aware that we have not received the last installment clue, or the bulk payments which has 
also resulted in increase of the receivables. So, it is status quo on the receivables as of now. 
Ash win will now take you through the tariff negotiations with ZESCO and ZESCO's current 
position on the tariff hike and the substantial increase in receivables to MCL. 
Before I talk about ZESCO, just to set the stage in terms of what we have billed and what we 
have received. For FY20 we had billed about $252 million for the sale of power and we have 
received $129 million which equates to about 5 I% of what we have billed. But if you look at 
it from July 2016 when we started the power plant to March 2020, we have billed $774 million 
and we have received close to $500 million which equates to about 64% to 65%. 
So the situation is not like, that we are not getting any money fi·om ZESCO. I think as you 
probably arc aware MCL bills and receives about 40% to 50% of the invoice amount monthly 
which is enough for our operational expenditure, O&M and so on but it is not enough for debt 
repayment and equity distribution. Now for the debt repayment we have been receiving lump 
Page 3 of 14 

Ashwin Devineni: 
Mohit Knmar: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
sum payments from the government now and then. But they are harder to come by nowadays 
given the current Zambian economic situation. 
So. what this has resulted in. given the fact that we arc not receiving the full monthly amount 
every month. the outstanding amount that are kind of gradually going up on a month-on-month 
basis. And in order to address this. the Company is engaging in dialogue with ZESCO and the 
Government and trying to understand what the current situation is and accordingly come up 
with an approach and a plan to address the problems that we arc facing in a very realistic 
manner. 
So. with respect to the tarifT, we have started discussions and negotiations with ZESCO for 
future tarifT and it will not aftect the outstanding amount or the current tarifT, as it is for the 
future. Those negotiations and discussions are under way and the objective of that is to come 
up with a workable tariff both for Maamba Collieries and for ZESCO so as to ensure that 
ZESCO is able to pay its full bill on a monthly basis and on time. 
And now that is to do with the future tarifT, and with respect to the entire outstanding amount 
that ZESCO currently owes us, that has led us to basically initiate a process which is leading 
towards arbitration with ZESCO over the non-payment of the outstanding dues and the various 
breaches in the agreement. This process has been backed by the lenders too because we were 
not able to make their principal amount f(x the last debt repayment. Therefore. the lenders 
have backed us for initiating the action against ZESCO to retrieve the outstanding amount. 
In terms of the tariff revision there was quite a bit of media releases regarding the II 0% hike 
in terms of commercial and residential tariffs which makes up approximately 45% of ZESCO's 
receivables. Yes, the hike was effective Jl·01n .January, but unfortunately there were two factors 
that prevented ZESCO from really reaping the benefits. One of it was the fact that the Kwacha 
which is the local currency there has depreciated by almost 35% and this tariff revision relates 
to Kwacha receivables. 
So due to the depreciation of the kwacha the tariff hike really did not help. And secondly the 
consumption of power also decreased fairly drastically. So, net-net although the tariff had 
increased for both the residential and commercial, ZESCO's revenues did not increase 
proportionately. 
I think the bulk supply agreement between the Copperbelt Energy Corporation and ZESCO has 
come to an end from I'' June. 
So what kind of impact will it have on ZESCO's financials and could it improve their financial 
position significantly? 
See I think we look at this as a positive development, as you know Copperbelt Energy 
Corporation (CEC) and ZESCO had a long term bulk supply agreement and CEC was 
Page 4 of 14 

NAVA 
B R Nahar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
B R Nahar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
charging ZESCO a fairly high wheeling rate to supply to a lot of the mines. residential and 
commercial areas in the copper belt. So now the bulk supply agreement has come to an end 
and ZESCO has indicated its willingness to supply directly so that they can capitalize on some 
of those wheeling rates and increase their margins. 
So we sec that there is going to be a positive impact in terms of revenues that ZESCO is going 
to get because now they will be getting a lot from the mines and so on directly without 
incurring very large wheeling rates. But the exact figure and number is yet to be determined 
because there are still quite a few discussions that are currently taking place between the CEC. 
ZESCO and the government in terms of wheeling and so on. 
I have two questions on the business firstly about the MCL mining operations which have given 
very good performance during the quarter and whole year also. what is the potential in terms of 
merchant sales? And secondly whether the realization which we get in the local currency is 
sufficient for meeting the local operating cost or are we in a position to remit out of Zambia in 
dollars? 
With respect to our Zambian subsidiary. Maamba Collieries Limited. there are two parts of the 
business as you have indicated. one is the power side and one is the mining side. Fortunately 
for both verticals. power and mining our receivables arc in dollars. So we bill in dollars and we 
receive in dollars so there is really no forcx exposure there. and this includes mining by the 
way. When we sell coal to the companies and the consumers. we invoice in dollar and collect 
in dollar. 
So, our exposure to forcx f1uctuations or the Zambian government's ability to convert to 
dollars does not really exist. Now with respect to the mining operations like you rightly said it 
has performed fairly well owing to a lot of cost reductions that we had conducted in the past 
year and also the efficiency of mining that has improved drastically. So. that is by itself a fairly 
profitable business. And yes, we are in the process of increasing coal production so we can 
cater to larger outside sales to generate more revenue. 
We are in the process of opening up a new pit which will essentially be catering to outside 
sales which will bring in a fair bit of additional revenue. 
Can I add one more point that what is the head room available for increasing the coal 
production and selling in the local market? 
I mean sec in terms of increasing production like what I just mentioned, we are planning on 
doing that by opening a new pit. When you open a new pit, you can essentially mine out more 
coal. In terms of the current market being able to absorb more coal. there are certain limitations 
because today all the big players, cement companies and so on that currently consume coal buy 
from Maamba Collieries Limited. 
Page 5 of 14 

Moderator: 
Ayush Mittal: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ayush Mittal: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ayush Mittal: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
Although there is some more room to increase coal sales. we arc currently doing f~1irly well in 
terms of capturing most of the coal consuming customers. So yes. there is a slight opp011tmity 
for us to increase revenue Jl·om outside coal sales. 
Thank you. The next question is Jl·om the line of Ayush Mittal Jl·om Mittal Analytics Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
If you sec over a last couple of years the problems of receivables have just kept on increasing 
with passing time and today we are having a huge amount of receivables outstanding and we 
have not been able to meet the debt obligation also. 
So, realistically what is the resolution that you guys are looking at when you are in discussions 
with the government because going by the articles and the developments it seems that ZESCO 
may not be able to make payments going forward also. What is the solution that you guys arc 
looking at? 
So in terms of the receivables like I had mentioned before. I think essentially what we are 
looking at is a very concrete payment plan from both ZESCO and the government and in order 
to attain that we have initiated a process that is leading to arbitration in London. This is with 
respect to the outstanding receivables. And moving fi.mvard like you rightly said it is not 
sustainable for us charging what we currently arc and ZESCO not being able to pay and the 
receivables amount increasing on a month on month basis. 
So that is why we have initiated this tari1T renegotiation where consultants have been engaged 
on either side, and we are trying to arrive at and attain a tariff which Maamba can work with 
where it ensures enough money for opex. lor debt servicing and for equity returns and at the 
same time also ensures that ZESCO can pay us that amount based on whatever the new tarilT is 
in full on a monthly basis and on time. 
But we will have to take haircut on the past receivables in such a case? 
No, so that is something that we would not be taking at least for now. In fact, ZESCO has also 
acknowledged the current receivables amount that is outstanding inclusive of the interest 
amount. Whatever tariff renegotiation we are talking about is going to be for the future. 
And what is the timelinc for this arbitration that we are talking about? 
As you probably know these arbitrations. although the matters may be simple, they do take a 
while. So, we are forecasting about one to two years in terms of the outstanding amount and 
arbitration. But the tariff negotiation that we are conducting with ZESCO we foresee that 
happening in a much quicker timefl·amc. 
Page 6 of 14 

NAVA 
Ayush Mittal: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ayush Mittal: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
GRK Prasad: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
Sorry. just to get a better understanding on this. so till this arbitration does not come to a final 
outcome or something. what happens in the meanwhile on the loan obligation? In what way are 
we obliged. what are the risks on that? 
Sec we service our debts twice a year, once every six months. The way it has been working is 
that we have been getting about $9 million on a monthly basis and some time every six months 
normally the government has been supplementing with additional amounts so that we can meet 
our loan obligations. 
As of date, we have made six successful principal and interest 
repayments. 
Now what has happened recently is because of the current dire economic situation, the 
government has also been facing a lot of liquidity issues. Hence, they were not able to really 
top up what ZESCO was giving so that we could meet our complete principal and interest 
obligation. So while the arbitration continues. we arc still going to be seeking assistance from 
ZESCO and the government to give us sufficient funds to meet our loan obligations. and while 
I say that arbitration could take up to two years and so on, we arc hoping that this process will 
yield to some kind of payment plan or result in a much earlier timeframc. It docs not mean we 
have to go till the end of arbitration to come to a result that works for both of us. 
Actually what I am trying to understand is that we have written in the press release that as of 
today we have not been able to make the payment to the lenders and now given that the 
mismatch may continue for a year. what risk do we have on our company Jl·om the lender side? 
Actually, this arbitration or this move has emanated with the blessing of the lenders. It is 
because we have not paid the last obligation. We were looking at diJlcreiJt avenues and 
recourses that Maamba could take against ZESCO and so this has been done in coordination 
with all the lenders. and lenders have blessed our approach of initiating arbitration and get the 
outstanding amount. 
Just to supplement what Ashwin said. you sec it is a multi-thronged approach that the company 
has been adopting. first part to tackle the receivables. So, we talk about receivables up to a 
finite point, beyond which the new tariff regime will take over and we hope that the 
receivables will stop appearing from then on, this could happen in the near future. The second 
pmi is in terms of debt service we have actually engaged the lenders on this process. 
Essentially what happens is that it will be a cash flow driven approach going forward. So what 
we plan to do is to seek some kind of a loan restructuring for the balance installments 
including possibly a slight extension of the tenure of the loan without impacting either the 
ratios or the returns on a larger scale. So, the lenders have appreciated that point because 
factually everybody is aware of what is happening in Zambia. 
And they sec that this is the right approach and they are also looking at that proposal which we 
have. So we hope that all these things will fall in place over the next few months because any 
Page 7 of 14 

Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Sultan Baig: 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
process requires lot of action from the lenders which comprises of multiple lenders tl·om China 
and AJi·ica. So we hope these things would be resolved quite satisJ~1ctorily for everybody in a 
few months' time. But as far as the payment of receivables is concerned as Ashwin said. this 
could be a long-term solution. But what we hope to achieve is to have a certain finite timclinc 
for gelling those loans discharged once we agree for all these things. So that could happen in 
the next few months. 
And just to add further, you may be aware that the O&M services is generating revenue for 
Nava Bharat Ventures for providing O&M service to Maamba Collieries. 
Thank you. The next question is tl·om the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Again, on the Maamba Collieries. I would like to know at what point do we take a write off on 
these receivables because these receivables continue to mount. So, what is the auditor's 
opinion on this? 
We did not anticipate any write oJ'fon these receivables at this point oftime. because the entire 
debt has been acknowledged by ZESCO in writing along with the interest that is due on the 
receivables. But taking into consideration the long time that it may take for us to realize 
receivables we have provided some expected credit loss. 
So. this year we have provided for an ECL of $22 million on the receivables taking into 
consideration that the outstanding amount is about a year old and discounting at 8%. So we 
have made a provision which is a notional provision on the ECL for $22 million and at the 
same time we do not sec any write offs of this receivables. 
Okay. And sir, with regards to ZESCO is it possible to divert our electricity supply to some 
other party or is the ZESCO only option for us considering that they arc not paying on time? 
Yes, the government did approve open access during the latter part of last year and so the 
option is available. But you know we need to keep in mind that because of the power purchase 
agreement that we currently have with ZESCO we have a government guarantee. So. if we 
decide to now start selling a part or portion of the power to other suppliers or other 
independent players then the government guarantee will essentially be diluted to that extent. 
And that is a big source of security that a lot of the lenders and we take comfort in. It is one of 
the reasons why the government has always been forthcoming to provide additional funds. So 
yes, I mean the option is available, but I do not think the time is now where we start looking at 
other options and entities to sell power directly. 
Page 8 of 14 

NA\/A BHARAT 
GRK Prasad: 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
GRK Prasad: 
Moderator: 
Ajay Jain: 
GRK Prasad: 
Sultan Baig: 
Ajay Jain: 
GRK Prasad: 
Ajay Jain: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
Especially when the bulk power supply agreement of CEC has been determined and the 
ZESCO has now started billing directly to some of the copper companies. Our expectation is 
that ZESCO has a better revenue profile now and also going forward than before. 
Okay sir that was helpful. Just lastly what would be the weighted average cost of ZESCO's 
electricity rate that suppliers like you supply to them? Is it above us or it is below us or it is 
somewhere around our realization which is around $0.1 0? 
$0.10 is little higher than their average realization but then the full cost could be lower. We do 
not have full details. But there has been a separate study undertaken by Energy Regulatory 
Board in their cost of service study. We hope that this would bring out all these facts which 
essentially mean on a one on one basis there is no mismatch as it is a pooled cost versus pooled 
revenue. But there could be other issues which seem to be affecting ZESCO's operations 
mostly on the administration side. So. we do not know yet, but we will find out eventually. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Jain fi·om Astute Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
My question is what is the credit risk Jl·om ZESCO and what is the default risk of the Zambian 
government? 
I do not think we have reached a point for that kind of a situation because as you probably 
have seen, the Zambian government has been proactively taking steps to have their fiscal 
problems being addressed. They arc going through a sort of a restructuring program 
themselves. So. I do not think we are looking at a situation where either the government or 
ZESCO completely defaults. They have problems currently in meeting the payment 
obligations, but I do not think it will come down to a point where they will completely shut 
off. 
And just to add further. the Zambian government has a significant amount of assets whose 
value is yet to be unlocked. So, we do not see any credit risk either from Zambian government 
or ZESCO. 
Another question. On a scale of 0 to I 0, what arc the chances of MCL being nationalized or 
taken over by the Zambian government? Zero means zero chance. 
See the Zambian government is a performing government. We do not need to go by some 
incidents where the occasions demanded that kind of action by the government. But what we 
see is that the Zambian Government has been respecting the suite of documents that they have 
signed on behalf of ZESCO, and also on behalf of the company. So. we do not see that any 
kind of action being taken like that. I do not think that is a matter for discussion. 
Okay. Another question is what is the solar power penetration in Zambia? 
Page 9 of 14 

NAVA 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sultan: 
Mohit Kumar: 
GRK Prasad: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
They have been going through a solar program. but that is for a small portion of their total 
demand. It is more dictated by other considerations. I do not think that could actually 
supplement or substitute a base load power like what we have. 
Thank you. The next question is a follow up fi·om the line of Mohit Kumar from IDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
The agreement for ferro chrome conversion with Tata Steel expired in March 2020, which was 
extended up to September 2020, if I correctly remember. And I believe that Tata Steel has 
already won this Kunda mine. So, is there any sort of renewal which is happening for this 
Ferro Chrome conversion arrangement? 
I think with respect to our Odisha Ferro Chrome operations, fortunately there has been a 
degree of stability during these very volatile times. The current conversion agreement that we 
have with the Tatas is going to run till March 202 I. And owing to the fact that yes, Tata steel 
have won various Chromitc ore mines, we arc in discussions and negotiations with Tata steel 
on a new conversion agreement that would commence fl·om the start of next financial year and 
all indications point towards a fairly long term agreement with them. 
Secondly sir. on Tclangana power purchase agreement. I think expired on March 2020 and 
there was shortage of demand from Tclangana. Is there any final reconciliation which has 
happened for the penalty which they arc supposed to pay for that time period. Could you give 
an update on that? 
Yes. Mohit. Our PP A with Telangana Transco expired on 31st March. At the end of the PP A 
taking into consideration the availability of the plant during the PPA and the actual drawl by 
the Transco we have arrived at the compensation which the Transco is liable to pay to us. We 
have raised an invoice. But as you know generally these negotiations with the Transco for 
settlement of the compensation takes a very long time. 
So, we have not recognized any revenue in our books for this as of now. We recognize it on a 
receipt basis only. We do not anticipate that it will be settled in the next couple of months. I 
think taking into consideration the current situation with COVID and all other factors, we 
anticipate that it will be settled only in the year 2021. 
And thirdly on the interest which you booked on the receivables from Mamba. At what rate we 
have booked and is it completely booked now. So, is there nothing le11, can you confirm that? 
Y cs, it is completely booked as of March 2020. It is at 8% as per the terms of the PP A. 
Lastly sir, given the fact that there hardly any competition for coal linkage. Arc you looking to 
tic-up something under a mid to long term linkage given the fact that the interest on the coal 
linkage and thereby coal mines arc pretty lower, we can get it at a decent rate? 
Page 10 of 14 

NAVA 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
Y cs. in fact efforts arc underway for both the 150 mega wall which is under subsidiary as well 
as the second 60-megawall unit in Odisha. 
You have also signed for linkage as well as mines, am I right? 
Linkage not mines actually. The auction linkage under the Shakti scheme is what we arc 
pursuing. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srivatsa Venkatachalam from UTI Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
I have four questions. So first is we did talk about divestments for a fairly long period of time 
and obviously I understand with the current scenario it is very difJicult. But may I know in 
what stage we are with regard to our key assets which we have identified including the land as 
well as the sugar business which we have now discontinued. I mean have you started 
negotiating or we are still yet to call for tenders or are the assets ready to be sold once the 
situation improves? If you could just update us on that, sir? 
Ashwin Devineni: 
So. with regards to the divestments like you rightly said. this is not the best of time for us to 
close. We have the sugar assets which have recently become available. so we are looking at the 
options to unlock the value both for the assets and the lancl. And the same applies to the 
Dharmavaram piece of land which is about 150 acres and inclusive of 20-mcgawatt power 
plant. Over there also we are looking at various options including joint ventures or co-
development or outright sales. 
But I do not think we arc in any stage right now where we have anything finalized or anything 
concrete. But yes, markets right now arc quite bad given the current situation. So, we think it 
will take a little longer time. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
My question as you had also indicated some land in Secunderabad. I mean is the land ready. I 
mean if tomorrow you identify a buyer, can the transaction be concluded or there is some other 
process we need to do with the land in terms of transferring the land use or some other kind of 
process? 
GRK Prasad: 
As far as the Dharmavaram and sugar plants are concerned probably that the timelines are 
more determined on the cw'rent impact of COVID. But as far as the land at Secunderabad is 
concerned, there is a small process. Again, it got halted because of this COVID-19 disruption. 
We hope that in the next couple of months by when if the market improves then we can get 
into a straight deal. That is how the situation is. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
And this sugar is a completely integrated unit. or it is just only a sugar processing unit? 
Page 11 of 14 

N!WA 
GRK Prasad: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
It is fully integrated in terms of alcohol unit and then ethanol unit and cogeneration of power. 
In ll1et, ethanol has been driving the profitability to some extent with mere sugar not yielding 
the required results. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
And sir, the second question I had was on the status of our Indian subsidiary NBEIL which is 
having an independent power plant. So given the current scenario where demand for merchant 
power is low and PP A visibility is not there, what is the outlook on that for the next one year. 
In one of the meetings with you, you had also indicated that we are in talks with some captive 
players for them to take a stake and make it into the captive arm. So, any thoughts on that 
subsidiary? 
Sultan: 
So. we have been in discussions with captive consumers for entering into a group captive 
mechanism for the NBEIL 150 megawatt IPP. So. we are in fairly advanced stage of 
discussions. We hope that it can be concluded with the approval from the Transco in the next 
few months. So, which may give a solution for this entity for the next couple of years. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
And the third question was on the debt side at the standalone level. It has close to Rs. 250 
crorcs of debt. So I do not know what was the figure in NBEIL, but if I look at the ex-Zambia 
what will be the debt and is there any further plans to reduce the debt in the current year or will 
it remain at the current level if I look at on an ex-Zambia business? 
Sultan: 
For the Indian operations. we arc not planning to take any new debt in the current year and 
whatever are the installments due as per the repayment schedule will be paid. By end of this 
financial year March 202 I, we will sec a significant reduction from the current levels. The 
slight increase in debt in Q4 was due to higher utilization of the working capital. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
And sir, you also did mention that you have got some hikes on the O&M side. So. is there any 
big outstanding sum pending on the O&M fees that we have charged to the Zambian entity? I 
mean has that been cleared as per the process? 
Sultan: 
There are no outstanding receivables on the O&M side. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
And sir, what would be the total fees that we would have received last year in INR terms or 
USD Terms? 
GRK Prasad: 
Well, last year our fees means on a standalone basis, was about$ I 0 million which is set to go 
up to by $5 million this year. So, we are talking about $I 5 million in revenue in FY2 I. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
And sir, I think the point is if I really look at the share price performance for last three, four 
years it has been a very big underperformcr and it is largely because of the fact that we have 
not been able to collect the receivables in Zambia. So today the market is actually not giving 
any value to the Zambian venture where we have invested probably more than $200 million. 
Page 12 of 14 

NAVA 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
So, at \\'hat point will you take some action on this, or explore a stake sale there because as a 
shareholder it is not yielding us anything for the kind of money that we have invested? 
I mean if you look at the value destruction in the last three years which is seen by your share 
price, it is clearly because of the investment that we arc not able to monetize, So as a 
management there has to be some time limit. We just cannot go back to them and delay it. I 
mean the process is just getting elongated, And again, probably two years down the line if the 
situation is the same, we will be back to square one, 
So is there any time limit which the management has put or your board has put that once the 
decided time has elapsed let us try to explore the sale and let us get the money back because it 
is I mean from the shareholder's perspective this is not yielding anything for us? 
Let me just state two facts, One is it is not a case where it is not yielding anything for the 
shareholders right now because like you talked about the O&M services, we do get that on a 
monthly basis and on a yearly basis, So that revenue for providing services does come into the 
company as Mr. GRK said, is about $15 million. 
Now over and above that I think it is important to note that the project finance was done on a 
limited or a non-recourse basis and there arc no more financial commitment for obligations 
Jhm1 the parent company side or ll'om Nava Bharat Ventures Limited towards Maamba 
Collieries. So yes, I mean it has taken longer than we had expected, but unfortunately the 
economic situation has become pretty bad in terms of the country and ZESCO and it is for that 
very reason that we have initiated this arbitration process. 
So, I think it is too early to talk about things such as stake sale and so on because we arc 
getting revenue from the operations. Yes, we are not getting equity returns now. But we arc 
hoping that once we agree on a reasonable tariJT with ZESCO things will change where we get 
our monthly payments on time and we can start supplementing what we are making on the 
O&M services with equity distribution. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
No sir, my simple point is that you have invested from Nava Bharat's point of view about $200 
million plus and we are not seeing any cash return. Yes, you are getting that $15 million but 
apart from that neither are we getting the interest payment nor is there any significant cash 
inflow from operations. You can show it in the consolidated figure, and you can show a good 
ROE, But as a shareholder unless I get that cash, it is of no use to me, 
GRK Prasad: 
That is the simple point I am making, And sir, finally on that loan that we have given to the 
Singapore subsidiary, what is the status? I mean have you recognized that interest or it will be 
on actual cash basis, sir? 
No, the loans have been converted into equity. So, the $65 million loan was converted into 
equity in the Singapore books and so interest accrual stopped accruing from third quarter 
Page 13 of 14 

NAVA 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
June 29, 2020 
onwards. But on the other points your point is well taken. !think the maHer is at the top of the 
mind for the Board of directors. We would probably take some action at some point of time. 
Basically. you need to have an asset which is a quality asset which is what all these efforts will 
drive it to be. Once the asset is a functional asset and yielding quality results .. then I think all 
those steps would make more sense. At this point it is probably a little premature given the 
kind of receivable that we have. I think it is important we put all those issues behind us before 
we talk about any corporate action. 
Srivatsa Venkatachalam: 
And sir, just your thoughts on doing any kind of buyback because we are quoting at 0.4 times 
price to book and it is probably amongst the lowest among the top 500 companies.? 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Shirish Rane: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
I think as far as the company is concerned. we have always looked at increasing the 
shareholder's value and one way is possibly by doing continuous buybacks. That has always 
been on our mind. But in today's current situation every company is trying to conserve and 
preserve cash as much as possible because we do not know what tomorrow is going to look 
like. 
And I think one of the reasons why we can operate the way we are due to the debt levels being 
low. So. I think the Board will take an appropriate decision on the buyback based on cash 
Jlows. But yes. it is our intention that down the line we will continue doing buybacks. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions fi·om the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Shirish Ranc for closing comments. 
Sir, would you like to say any closing comments? 
Thank you very much everyone for your participation in the call. I hope we have addressed all 
the queries adequately or if there arc any questions or clarifications that remained unanswered. 
please get back to us and we will be happy to provide answers on a wider investor platform. 
Thank you all once again and stay safe. 
Thank you. On behalf of IDFC Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 14 of 14 
