May 17, 2020 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript – Q4FY20 and FY20 
With reference to our letter dated May 6, 2020, and pursuant to Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the Earnings Call Transcript pertaining to Q4FY20 and FY20 Financial 
Results of the Company. 
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the website of the Company 
www.bluestarindia.com    
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Blue Star Limited 
Vijay Devadiga 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
\\172.16.31.16\Legal and Secretarial Documents\(01) Blue Star Limited\2019-20\Stock Exchange Compliances\Regulation 30 - Information and Updates\Earnings Transcript\Q4 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 500067 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: BLUESTARCO 

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Blue Star Limited  
 
Q4 FY 20 & FY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. B. THIAGARAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. NEERAJ BASUR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Blue Star Limited Q4 & FY20 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us today from the management, Mr B. Thiagarajan - Managing 
Director and Mr. Neeraj Basur -- Group Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Neeraj Basur for opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Neeraj Basur: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen, this is Neeraj Basur. We also have on the call today, our 
Managing Director, Mr. B Thiagarajan. I will be providing you an overview of the results for 
Blue Star Limited for the quarter and the year ended March 2020. 
I. Financial Highlights for FY20 
 
A discussion of the last quarter’s business performance and associated financial results needs to 
be contextualized around the unprecedented health and economic crisis triggered by the COVID-
19 pandemic across the globe. The spread of this pandemic in China in January saw supply side 
disruptions and there were concerns with regard to availability of material during summer 
season.  Consequently, all manufacturers including Blue Star accelerated shipments of raw 
materials and components in the second half of February.  However, as the first signs of the 
pandemic emerged in India, from the second week of March primary as well as secondary sales 
specifically for room air conditioners slowed down.  As the virus began to spread and a 
nationwide lockdown was enforced, execution of orders and consequently revenue generation 
from all other businesses also came to a halt in the second fortnight of March.   
These events leading up to March compounded the magnitude of the problem for most Indian 
manufacturers and sellers in the AC&R segment. On the one side materials that were already 
ordered for faster delivery in February had begun to arrive in the Indian ports and on the other 
hand, the supply chain disruption in India coupled with the nationwide lockdown caused a steep 
decline in the billing for all the players including Blue Star. The resultant stress on cash flows 
was profound, requiring swift actions to rebuild adequate liquidity on the Company’s Balance 
Sheet, so as to meet external obligations and commitments. In addition, the Company focused 
on ensuring the health, safety and well-being of its employees and their families while the 
lockdown continued. Most back end processes could function seamlessly with employees 
working from home. Investments earlier made in digitization of critical processes and the IT 
infrastructure support ensured that these processes could function with minimal disruption. 
Despite challenges, the Company continued to serve the needs of essential services such as 
healthcare, pharma, banking and financial institutions.  
Overall, the Company has ensured business continuity within the permissible norms and 
regulations. SOPs have been prepared to ensure safe resumption of operations across our 
factories and offices as and when they are permitted to open. As on date, the Company’s 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
factories at Dadra and Wada as well as a few offices including Delhi, Kolkata and Bangalore are 
operational. 
Now moving to the discussions on Q4FY20 performance, the Company’s revenue from 
operations maintained impressive growth momentum till February 2020. Due to the significant 
demand and supply chain disruptions across India in the month of March, the Company fell short 
of revenue and profit across all segments to the tune of Rs 400 cr and Rs 70 cr respectively.   
In the above background, the Company’s revenue from operations registered a modest growth 
for the full year, FY20.  
Financial highlights for the year ended March 31, 2020 on a consolidated basis, are summarized 
below: 
 
Revenue from operations for FY20 was Rs 5360.19 cr as compared to Rs 5234.84 cr in FY19, 
a growth of 2.4%.  
 
EBIDTA (excluding other income and finance income) for FY20 was Rs 282.78 cr as 
compared to Rs 346.54 cr in FY19. 
 
PBT before exceptional items was Rs 210.02 cr in FY20 as compared to Rs 248.46 cr in 
FY19. 
 
Tax expense for FY20 was Rs 65.32 cr as compared to Rs 41.99 cr in FY19.  Effective tax 
rate in FY20 was 31.7% as against 16.7% in FY19 due to reversal of Deferred Tax Asset 
created in FY19, arising from higher profitability in Blue Star Engineering and Electronics. 
 
Net profit for FY20 was Rs 143.25 cr as compared to Rs 190.06 cr in FY19. 
 
Carry-forward order book as at March 31, 2020 was Rs 2946.59 cr as compared to Rs 
2430.07 cr as at March 31, 2019, an increase of 21.3%.  
 
Tight management of inventories and receivables, coupled with reduced billing in the month 
of March resulted in the reduction of Capital Employed to Rs 951.13 cr as on March 31, 2020 
from Rs 1121.50 cr as on March 31, 2019.  
 
Disruptions in the operating cash flow coupled with the requirement to meet external 
obligations in the month of March necessitated additional borrowings during the last few 
days of the year. However, on the back of tight working capital management earlier 
throughout the year, borrowings reduced to Rs 155.00 cr as on March 31, 2020 (debt equity 
ratio of 0.21) as compared to a net borrowing of Rs 243.60 cr as on March 31, 2019 (debt-
equity ratio of 0.28). 
II. Business Highlights for FY20 
 
Segment I: Electro-Mechanical Projects & Commercial Air Conditioning Systems  
Segment I revenue was Rs 660.39 cr in Q4FY20 as compared to Rs 842.31 cr in Q4FY19, a 
decline of 21.6%. Segment result was Rs 3.17 cr (0.5%) in Q4FY20 as against Rs 36.29 cr (4.3%) 
in Q4FY19.  Shortfall of revenue in March led to a decline in segment profitability. In addition, 
taking into consideration the outlook for financial stress in the commercial real estate and 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
infrastructure sectors, the Company has been prudent to make additional provisions for potential 
doubtful receivables.  
In FY20, segment revenue was Rs 2826.67 cr as against Rs 2748.11 cr in FY19, a growth of 
2.9%. Segment result was Rs 120.26 cr (4.3%) in FY20 compared to Rs 150.85 cr (5.5%) in 
FY19. Order inflow during the year was Rs 3104.67 cr as compared to Rs 2951.98 cr in FY19, 
a growth of 5.2%. 
1. 
Electro-Mechanical Projects business 
We continued to maintain our leadership position in the integrated Electro-Mechanical space in 
India. However, the lockdown situation significantly affected revenues and job closures in 
Q4FY20.   
Order inflows which started slowing down in Q3FY20 due to the liquidity stress in the real estate 
and infrastructure sectors slowed down further in Q4FY20 due to the weak sentiments caused 
by the spread of the pandemic.    
Post the lifting of the lock down, a detailed evaluation of each and every project would be carried 
out to ensure credit worthiness of customers, visibility of positive cash flows and margin 
generation on execution of various projects. 
Carried forward order book of the Electro-Mechanical Projects business was Rs 2039 cr as on 
March 31, 2020 as compared to Rs 1716 cr as on March 31, 2019, an increase of 19%. 
Segment-wise break-up of the carry forward order book of the Electro-Mechanical Projects 
business is as follows:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Commercial Air Conditioning Systems 
Order booking and growth momentum in this business was also impacted in Q4FY20 due to the 
spread of pandemic.  
We however continued to consolidate our market share and maintained leadership position in 
the Ducted Systems in Q4 FY20 and improved market share in Chillers and VRF categories.  
Application  Segment 
Share 
Office (IT/Non IT) 
30% 
Metro Rail 
15% 
Hospitals 
12% 
Industrial 
10% 
Power Generation & Distribution 
5% 
Malls 
3% 
Others 
25% 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
The newly launched products such as the next generation Inverter Ducted, Water Cooled VRF, 
Air Cooled VFD Screw Chiller and Configured Oil Free Chiller gained good traction and market 
acceptance. 
Key segments that contributed to revenue during the quarter were Government, Hospitals, 
Builders and Educational Institutions. 
Major orders bagged in Q4FY20 were from Airport Authority of India (Chennai) and Avenue 
Super Market (Multiple locations). 
3. 
International Business 
Our international business continues to focus on the Middle East, Africa and SAARC countries 
and grow steadily. Our brand building initiatives through seminars and exhibitions in Middle 
East, SARRC and Africa enabled us to gain good traction in the market.  
Our Joint venture in Qatar that executes MEP projects continued to do well. However, order 
inflow and pace of execution were impacted in Malaysia due to challenging economic 
conditions. 
We continued to invest in strengthening our brand in select international markets.  
Segment II: Unitary Products 
Segment II revenue was Rs 596.28 cr in Q4FY20 as compared to Rs 703.63 cr in Q4FY19, a 
decline of 15.3%. Segment result was Rs 43.75 cr (7.3%) in Q4FY20 as compared to Rs 73.32 
cr (10.4%) in Q4FY19. As explained earlier, segment results were impacted due to the loss of 
sales in the month of March, which is a key month in the peak selling season.  
Revenue grew to Rs 2300.61 cr in FY20 as against Rs 2268.97 cr in FY19, a growth of 1.4%.The 
segment result was Rs 162.27 cr (7.1%) in FY20 as compared with Rs 185.92 cr (8.2%) in FY19.  
Segment II results were lower due to higher spend on advertising and sales promotion and lower 
sales in the month of March.  
1. 
Room Air Conditioner business 
After a good start to the quarter with volumes picking up in February due to the early onset of 
summer, our revenue de-grew in Q4 FY20 over Q4 FY19 in line with the market de-growth due 
to the supply chain and demand disruptions through the month of March.  
Our market share grew marginally to 12.5% in FY20 as compared to 12.3% in FY19. 
Given the fact that we are strong in tier-3, 4 and 5 markets which are comparatively less impacted 
by COVID-19, we expect to gain momentum from Q2FY21 onwards.  Further, e-commerce 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
sales also will accelerate.  The delivery and installation infrastructure with adequate safety norms 
are in place. 
2. 
Commercial Refrigeration business 
This business performed well over most of FY20 aided by the growth in the ice-cream, processed 
foods, healthcare and hospitality sectors before getting impacted adversely in Q4Y20.  
We continued to maintain leadership position and grew well in the Deep Freezers and the Water 
Coolers businesses and gained market share in Bottled Water Dispensers. Our new lines of 
business namely, Commercial Kitchen, Medical Refrigeration and Supermarket Refrigeration 
also gained good traction.   
Major orders bagged in Q4FY20 were from Reliance Retail, Amul, Vadilal, Dinshaw, Top & 
Town and Hatsun Agro Products Limited. 
Healthcare, pharma and processed food segments offer attractive growth potential for this 
business. 
3. 
Water Purifier business 
We continue to stay focused on establishing our brand as a trusted one in the category, with well-
engineered and the reliable products including the ones that offer alkaline water for boosting 
immunity, backed by superior service.  We have established ourselves as one of the leading 
brands in the e–commerce channels, and expect this business to be e-commerce driven in the 
near future. Segment II results were impacted by around 80 bps due to investment in water 
purifiers category primarily in marketing, brand building and R&D. These initiatives coupled 
with comprehensive product range across price points helped to achieve market share of 2%.    
Given the growing concerns on health and immunity, the demand for water purifiers is set to 
grow and we have set ourselves a market share target of 4% in FY21.  The business is poised to 
break even next year. 
  
 
 
Segment III: Professional Electronics and Industrial Systems 
Segment III revenue was Rs 42.69 cr in Q4FY20 as compared to Rs 49.90 cr in Q4FY19. 
Segment result was Rs 7.50 cr (17.6%) in Q4FY20 as compared to Rs 16.08 cr (32.2%) in 
Q4FY19.   
In FY20, segment revenue was Rs 232.91 cr as against Rs 217.76 cr in FY19, a growth of 7.0%. 
The segment result grew to Rs 54.34 cr (23.3%) in FY20 as compared with Rs 43.78 cr (20.1%) 
in FY19. 
We expect the Indian digital payment sector to grow further in the current scenario and create 
more opportunities for Data security business, in the short term. Further, a probable increase in 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Government funding towards Healthcare systems is also expected to create opportunities for the 
Healthcare business.  However, due to potential cut backs in capex of Government and private 
sectors, some of the segments such as Testing Equipments may potentially face challenges in 
FY21. 
With the wide portfolio of products and solutions forming part of our offerings, the prospects 
for this business segment is positive. 
III. BUSINESS OUTLOOK  
A normalcy is gradually being restored, the Company is focused on commencement of order 
execution and revenue generation across all segments with liquidity management as the key 
priority.  The spread of the pandemic and continuation of the stringent nationwide lockdown in 
India in the months of April and May has taken place during the peak selling season for Segment 
II.  The Company is tracking Green, Orange and Non-containment Zones in various geographies 
to prioritize sales.  The Company is in the process of renegotiating the prices of input raw 
materials and components and also credit terms with its vendors.  As far as Segment I is 
concerned, the work is in progress to identify projects which are ready for restart, reassessment 
of credit profiles of the customers, timelines and remobilization of construction manpower.  At 
the same time, several cost cutting initiatives are being undertaken.  It is too early to provide any 
guidance on the full financial impact arising out of the pandemic on the operations of the 
Company. 
We will take necessary steps to provide adequate liquidity support to all our businesses as they 
recover from the current disruption. Accordingly, fund raising plans for the short, medium and 
long term are being strategized to ensure adequate availability of capital and liquidity across all 
durations.   As in the past, the Company will endeavor to sustain this phase in a prudent, balanced 
and agile manner and emerge stronger once the crisis gets over to resume on the growth and 
expansion trajectory. 
With that ladies and gentlemen, I am done with the opening remarks. I would like to now pass 
it back to moderator, who will open up floor to questions.  Mr Thiagarajan and I will try and 
answer as many questions as we can. To the extent we are unable to, we will get back to you via 
e-mail. 
With that, we are open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
from the line of Bhoomika Nair from IDFC. Please go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
What is the kind of inventory that we are seeing in the Room AC segment given that there was 
some built of inventory in anticipation of the supply disruption from China and how long do you 
anticipate that it will take to kind of liquidate that? My second question is on Purifiers where 
you spoke about the revenues to kind of expand from 2%. So really what are we looking that 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
can possibly drive such a sharp uptick? I missed the market share number for us. If you can just 
clarify on that? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Good morning. It is wonderful to be on this call. I think I am participating in the quarterly 
investor call after around four years. At an industry level, inventory with the manufacturers and  
dealers put together should be 75 days and that is our  estimate based on the information 
available.  As far as Blue Star is concerned, we have close to around 60 days of combined 
inventory. That is the total of the inventory with the dealers, at our warehouses and the factories. 
The normal level should have been around 30 to 45 days.  The second reason for current 
inventory levels is that  while we were chasing the vendors at china for materials and 
components, they could not deliver adequately leading to a production interruption in March 
itself. Therefore, fortunately the industry is coping with just 75 days of inventory and in the case 
of Blue Star it is around 60 days. Though we have the permissions, we have not commenced 
production yet. Out of 6,000 outlets which Blue Star serves, around 2,900 stores are already 
operational. we  have marginally improved the market share to 12.5% in FY20 even though we 
were impacted in the month of March. We are tracking sales progress on a daily basis based on 
green, orange, red zones, as to the number of shops operational, , which warehouse would be 
serving the shops that are operational, how many in-shop demonstrators are deployed and the 
daily sales. We continue to maintain the market share in the outlets that are currently 
operational..  
Bhoomika Nair: 
You said around 2,900 to 3,000 of outlets have opened, how quickly do you think the balance 
will open and when do we start touching almost normalization of activity in terms of sales across 
these outlets? Also you said that in Electro-Mechanical Projects business about 10% percent of 
sites have opened, by when do you expect that most of these sites should be operational? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
It depends on the measures that would be in place during lockdown 4.0. Our view is that  they 
may allow the shops to open with restricted operating hours. We have also suggested to the 
authorities to introduce a system of e-tokens to enable customers to get a specific  time to visit 
the showrooms for their purchases.  The E-commerce channel is not yet operational for non-
essential goods as we believe that the government wants to provide a level-playing field for both 
on-line and the physical retail channels. The virus may not go away soon and there could 
possibly be further lockdowns.. Though the shops may be opened, the consumers will try to 
avoid going out unless and until it is absolutely essential. In that context, we are developing apps 
for dealers that would enable them to have virtual in-shop demonstrators.  This will facilitate the 
consumers to get the same experience as inside a showroom visit and place their order. In a 
manner of speaking, this would lead to convergence between the eCommerce and the brick-and-
mortar stores.  
As far as our project sites are concerned, around 10% have restarted  and discussions are on for 
some other sites as well. We are not in a  great hurry to remobilize our sites since our focus will 
be on liquidity and collections.. We will remobilize and commence work at the sites only after 
we are convinced of the customer’s ability to pay. We are doing credit risk assessments of all 
our customers. We will give priority to the customers who have the ability to pay. The exodus 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
of migrant labors will also post a challenge to remobilization. We also will exercise all 
precautions because in a project site, not only the Blue Star employees and contractors, but also 
many other vendors will be working.  
We believe commercial refrigeration is a line that offers a great opportunity for Blue Star at this 
point of time as it serves food delivery as well as the healthcare and the pharma sectors.. Our 
factory that manufactures cold rooms and cold storages for the pharma-related refrigeration 
products was re-opened and continued to function even during the lockdown period. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Just wanted to know what was the kind of growth that we had seen in Jan and Feb in room air-
conditioners, that is just before COVID lockdown? Also what is the kind of industry decline that 
do you expect in FY’21 for Room Air-conditioners? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The primary sales grew by around 10% in January. In February there was a growth of around 
19%. All the manufacturers including Blue Star did exceedingly well because the indications 
were that there will be a shortage of material in April and May due to interruption in supply of 
components from China. We had also indicated that  there will be a 5% price increase due to the 
hike in customs duty and ocean freight and the air-lifting of certain critical components. Due to 
this there was increased off-take from the dealers. As far as FY21 is concerned,  the drop will 
be anywhere between 30% and 50% in the summer season as there is very little window that is 
left. There have been intermittent rains  in Kerala and Tamil Nadu and the night temperatures 
are not that unbearable yet.  Even in Mumbai or Delhi the temperatures have not shot up as they  
should have due to lower vehicular pollution. Taking these factors into account, I foresee a 30% 
to 50% drop. For the full year, it is difficult to assess at this point of time. If the stimulus package 
from the Government translates into a lot of money in the hands of the people and the economy 
is back on stream and the virus does not come back, there is a reasonable possibility that the 
market may be flat over last year level Going by the 2018 experience, where we  de-grew by 
15% in the peak season but made up later in the year to grow at 10% for the year, there is a 
possibility it will be made up. It is however difficult to guess at this juncture. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
In terms of the projects business, so basically when you talk to customers, is there a sense that 
some of them might cancel orders which are there, how is that, you told you are evaluating 
projects and you are going to execute only for the ones where payment can be got. So is there a 
chance of portion of order books getting canceled or something of that sort or is it still wait and 
watch? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We have a diverse portfolio of customers as mentioned in the opening remarks.. The customers 
in the hotel or mall segment may postpone but not cancel their projects.  Some of them are likely 
to use this opportunity to convert the development into a hospital with the necessary changes in 
the layout. Our scope of the job is the last one in a building. Civil work would have been 
completed, occupants would have been already signed for the lease and we come at the fag end 
of it.   Most of the construction cost would have been incurred excluding the interiors.. There 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
could be some  postponements. We are not chasing market share in that segment and our focus 
would be on profits and cash flow, even if it impacts revenue to an extent 
Moderator: 
Thank you.   The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund.  
Nitin Arora: 
My first question is when we look at your cooling product segment, good amount of sales are 
from the commercial part of it. Just wanted your thoughts from the end market where you supply 
to the ice cream segment, commercial, real estate, which segment do you think will slow down 
significantly amongst all – do you see a change here? Also, do you see any chance where 
commercial products whether the demand really coming from pharma or from any other segment 
which are there? On the second part, on the EPC, how much provisions have been created 
because of the expected credit loss in this quarter? Do you think that would be large suffice 
enough in terms of movement of ECL when you do provisions for the next year, is that large 
enough or you think further ECL can get up depending on the payment of the customers? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Despite all the challenges, there will be pockets where there would be opportunities to grow. We 
are constantly on the lookout for such opportunities.  Healthcare and pharma are segments which 
have been doing well and are expected to continue to do well. Manufacturing expansion will 
come back due to pent up demand. FMCG sector is on the verge of expanding  capacities and I 
do not think they will postpone their plans. If the stimulus package to be rolled out by the 
Government is going to be helping in any of these ways, money goes to the poor and lower class 
in terms of  income and there will be an economic activities. If it is going to MSME, they will 
start investing in their business and they would not sink. Agriculture continues to do well. Even 
this year the harvest should be good. Rural economy will be flourishing  as it is the urban cities 
that have been worst affected by the pandemic. We have close to 55% of sales coming from tier 
3-4-5 towns and we will continue to strengthen our presence in those towns. We need to realign 
operations to focus directly on these towns instead of the traditional hierarchy of all India, 
regions and branches.  
The categorization of towns into zoning like green, orange, red or containment has forced us to 
think that way. We  have to get directly into those towns where activity can happen and this will 
be the method for foreseeable future. Even if the vaccine comes, the pandemic may not go away. 
India’s vaccination program roll out could take about 24-months from the time it is cleared for 
India. Therefore, we must learn to live with this and grow. E-commerce and many of the brick-
and-mortar dealers will also enable contactless selling as mentioned earlier. We are seeing great 
demand coming from smaller towns and most of the orders that we are executing for even 
commercial air-conditioning systems like package air-conditioning are from these towns. In 
terms of geography, it is tier 3-4-5 towns and in terms of segments, it will be healthcare, banking, 
financial institutions and expansion of FMCG, expansion of other manufacturing including 
MSME. In terms of priorities it will be commercial refrigeration and room air-conditioners. Even 
in big cities, there are enquiries every day, which we unfortunately are not in a position to deliver 
yet. Further, for the work from home customers, there will be products such as air-conditioners 
with in-built air purifiers.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Water purifier demand will also go up as the focus shifts to hygiene and immunity. The 
penetration in any case was lower which in itself should propel the growth. Consumer finance 
has not been affected at all. We expect the proportion of sales through consumer finance mode 
to improve from 45% to 55% by the end of this financial year. In view of the wage cuts across 
sectors, more and more people are likely to opt for consumer finance schemes with zero percent 
interest.  
Nitin Arora: 
What is the ECL provision?  
B. Thiagarajan: 
The concept of expected credit loss is based on our historical collections track record. For 
Q4FY20, we prudently provided for an additional amount of around Rs.15 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
The question is last year you had mentioned about 30% of the revenues of Unitary Products was 
Commercial, Refrigeration and of the Projects Division, 30% was Commercial Air-
Conditioning. So if you can give us an update for this year? Secondly, do you actually see a need 
to support your channel and if that was to be the case, are you building in a buffer of increased 
working capital requirement in the shorter term? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The first part is that that ratio might have gone up last year. For the commercial air-conditioning, 
it would have gone up by around 10% as compared with the previous year because clearly the 
focus was on shop, showroom, boutiques and small value projects and also in tier 3-4-5 towns 
and we significantly gained market share in  VRF systems as well as Chillers. In VRF, we are 
actually  number two now and in Chillers; we are a close number three. These product categories 
have been doing extremely well. The ratio would have changed in Unitary Segment because of 
a sharper decline in room air-conditioners in the month of March. As far as the funding is 
concerned, Neeraj can explain what are our plans. 
Neeraj Basur: 
We are quite mindful of the fact that some of our channel partners will indeed need support. We 
are first making sure that our own balance sheet is sufficiently funded and as a strategy we are 
taking a slightly longer-dated view on our borrowings for two reasons – One, opportunistically 
there is a possibility of raising some long-term loans through the LTRO liquidity which RBI has 
made 
available 
to 
the 
commercial 
banks 
for 
lending 
to 
Corporates.  
The cost of such funding for a company like ours is likely to be quite competitive compared to 
even short duration commercial papers or short duration bank loans. We are doing this as we 
want to make sure that our balance sheet is sufficiently funded for the next two to three years. 
We do not anticipate our debt-equity to go beyond our usual trend of below 0.5. We want to use 
this as an opportunity to make our balance sheet stronger, stable and more resilient to withstand 
further volatile phases, if any, should they be encountered by us. For some quarters, you will see 
gross borrowings as well as surplus cash on our balance sheet like this quarter-end where we 
closed with a cash of Rs.200 crores. We intend to maintain a level of liquidity so as to remain 
sufficiently funded. Once the inventory gets sold, we expect the operating cash flow position to 
regain further ground and as you would have seen from our March results, working capital 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
management remains high on our priority and we want to make sure that our balance sheet 
remains strong in these unprecedented and uncertain times. In the next 60 days we expect to 
complete our financing restructuring so that we can only focus on operations. You would hear 
in an airplane that first you pull your own oxygen mask before you try and help others, so this 
is what we are doing at the moment.  First, we are making sure that we have sufficient liquidity 
and oxygen for our own business. Once we are done with that, then we will move to start 
supporting our channel partners as well as our suppliers and vendors.  
In the last week of March when the going was extremely difficult, we made sure that all our 
MSME suppliers got paid before  31st March. That was a very conscious choice. Going ahead 
we will work closely with our bankers to put in place a channel financing arrangement for our 
channel partners and distributors. We will also put in place similar financing arrangements for 
our suppliers and vendors because we are very mindful of the fact that the entire ecosystem that 
we operate in needs to be kept healthy for growth revival. It has to be a very participative and 
an inclusive solution and we are mindful of that. It will take some time as a lot of this is still 
evolving. We want to ring-fence our balance sheet first. That is why very prudently we have 
made some provisions just to make sure that the quality and realisability of our assets is ensured 
at all times. We also want to make sure that we maintain a healthy asset/liability matching profile 
on our balance sheet. The P&L growth will follow and we are clear about that. Once we are 
strengthen the entire ecosystem, the overall situation will normalize faster for us as a business. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
You mentioned that the inventory of 60 days given that bulk of the summer is now behind. What 
would be in terms of day sales or percentage of the balance part of the fiscal? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
There would never be a situation of zero inventory. Ideally  around 30 days of inventory is 
required to be held. It is not that post-summer the sales become zero. The rest of the year 
accounts of 60% of the sales. Assuming that normalcy will progressively improve, inventory is 
not an issue at this juncture. It is the ability to meet the demand when it picks up that is 
important.. As  explained earlier, it would have gone completely out of hand with around 90 to 
120 days inventory if China components would have arrived on time or March closure had not 
happened. Therefore, it is not necessary to worry about the inventory in the field at this point of 
time.  
Of course, this will have some bearing on liquidity and margins as we would have passed on  
additional costs to the consumers by the way of price increase that may not be feasible now. 
There is also another way of looking at it. Post this inventory arriving, the exchange rate also 
has gone up. If we were to manufacture the inventory now held in July, August, we would be 
actually incurring more cost. A possibility of a hike in customs duty to manage the economic 
stimulus cannot be ruled out. In summary, our focus would be to liquidate inventory at the 
earliest opportunity and convert that into cash. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar from HSBC. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
You touched upon that Blue Star’s 65% of unitary cooling exposure is to tier 3 -4-5 cities. I just 
want to know how does it compare to the overall industry? The second question is on the 
consumer financing penetration. So you touched upon a number something around 45%. Was it 
like exit Q4 rate or it was a full year FY’20 rate? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The 45% sales through consumer finance happens during the summer season and in the festival 
season. On an average, it should be around 40% last year and there have been sharp changes 
year on year and it could substantially go up in the coming year. We are stronger than our peers 
in tier 3 -4-5 towns basically because we have our dedicated sales and service dealers who enjoy 
extraordinary amount of equity within those towns like Rajahmundry, Belgaum, Trichy, 
Madurai, Karnal, Indore etc. There are certain exclusive dealers who do extremely well in these 
markets. They have been with us for a long time. In these markets we will be number one in 
quite a few places, number two in quite a few places, number three in many places while at an 
all India level, we may be between number five and six. Therefore, we have been strong in those 
towns not only for room air-conditioners but also for water coolers and deep freezers. Even 
though some of the players have other categories such as brown goods or white goods or 
consumer electronics products, we do better than them in those towns. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
You did mention some of the reasons like why input goods cost have gone up such as freight 
rates and some duty. There has been sharp hike on commodities as well. Just wondering, is a 
large part of the. Increase due to freight rate and custom duties is getting offset by the benign 
commodity cost? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We plan our supply chain from November, December onwards so the drop would not impact us. 
. Commodity prices are beginning to go up again. Whenever the oil prices drop, INR appreciates 
which hasn’t been the case now. It is indeed a strange situation and has to stabilize. We may see 
some kind of a stability around September or so because the whole world has to get started, then 
only the picture would be clearer. As of now, it does not matter to us because we are not into 
procurement cycle for these products or ramping a production. We will deal with them in July, 
August. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kutty from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Are we expecting any down trading to happen? We are hearing across many categories down 
trading are happening. So are we probably expecting markdown happening somewhere in the 
fixed speed, split AC or window AC part or inverters and to that extent how are we positioned? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
It is very early to take a view on that.. We began the year with a very clear understanding. India’s 
economy was doing very well the unemployment rate was  high and with not much of relief in 
the union budget, we thought the demand for lower end products will be higher across product 
categories. We had stated in our product launch related press releases and interviews at that point 
of time that the focus would be on the affordable premium range. Most of the products 
introduced this year were affordable range. It did not compromise on quite a few features, but it 
was affordable. There are three at the bottom, there are three in the middle, and there are three 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
in the top, that is how it is. We were very clear that we do not want to become a low cost product 
player. But the gap was substantially reduced and these products were between Rs.500 to Rs.700 
higher than the other three brands which are at the lower end. These affordable premium products 
protected our margin, but also made the price attractive for the consumer. The share of these 
products could go up to 75%. We continue to maintain the market share in the sales that have 
happened in the last 15 days which means we are able to compete effectively. We are also getting 
quite a few enquiries for portable air-conditioners. Normally in the bedroom only the first time 
buyer would have had an air-conditioner. If they are working from the dining room or if they are 
working from the other bedroom, because they have to work from home, this may be the need. 
Other than that I am not able to see a clear trend. We have to wait for some time to assess. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amber Singhania from Asian Markets 
Securities. 
Amber Singhania: 
Just a continuation of the previous question. Out of this 3,000 stores which we have opened, 
how are we seeing the sales given some states have advised not to use AC in the malls. Also, 
malls may take longer time. So are we working on expanding our presence to single store? 
Second what is your outlook on the margin given that price increase will be difficult to take and 
write-offs are coming up in this business? Also, what are your margin expectation in these 
segments? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
It may not be permitted immediately in the malls. We are working with the Government to allow 
select stores dealing in groceries and household essentials such as Nature’s Basket  to start 
operating in the  malls The exact number is very difficult to guess, but going by the trend of 
sales in the past 10-days, the stores will be recording 50% of their sales across all brands. There 
is a substantial drop in the footfall of customers. We hence mentioned  that is why sales in Q1 
can be anywhere between 30% to 50% lower compared to the previous year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Anand from SBI CAP Securities.. 
Abhijeet Anand: 
Can you quantify the provisions make in Segment 1? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
As mentioned earlier, it is Rs.15 crores. 
Neeraj Basur: 
This is an estimated additional credit loss we have assessed for now and we have taken a 
provision based on that. 
Abhijeet Anand: 
Secondly, you said that on the water purifier, impact on margin is around 80 bps for the year, 
right? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Neeraj Basur for closing comments. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
 
May 13, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Neeraj Basur: 
Thank you very much, Ladies and Gentlemen.  With this, we conclude this quarter’s earning 
call.  Do feel free to revert to us in case any of your questions were not fully answered and we 
will be happy to provide you additional details by email or in person. 
