 
 
ICFL/LS/0094/2020-21 
 
27 August 2020 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department, 1st Floor, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 541336 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: INDOSTAR 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) call held on Thursday, 13 August 2020 at 
2:30 p.m. (IST) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) call on Unudited 
Financial Results for the quarter ended 30 June 2020. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.indostarcapital.com.   
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Jitendra Bhati 
SVP – Compliance & Secretarial 
(Membership No. F8937) 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
Registered Oﬃce : One Indiabulls Centre, 20th Floor, Tower 2A, Jupiter Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Mumbai - 400013, India . 
T +91 22 4315 7000 | F +91 022 4315 7010 | contact@indostarcapital.com | www.indostarcapital.com  
CIN : L65100MH2009PLC268160 
JITENDR
A BHATI
Digitally signed by 
JITENDRA BHATI 
Date: 2020.08.27 
14:11:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Indostar Capital Finance Limited 
Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. 
PIRAN 
ENGINEER 
– 
MOTILAL 
OSWAL 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAMACHANDRAN SRIDHAR – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN 
& 
CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
- 
INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. AMOL JOSHI –CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ THAPAR, DIRECTOR - STRATEGY 
MR. 
PRASHANT 
JOSHI 
- 
CHIEF 
OPERATING 
OFFICER– INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK BAKLIWAL – HEAD, CORPORATE 
LENDING - INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
MS. JAYA JANARDANAN – COO DESIGNATE - 
INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 12 
MODERATOR: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to IndoStar Capital Finance Earnings Conference Call, 
hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Piran Engineer from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Thank you and over to 
you Sir! 
Piran Engineer: 
Thanks, Janis. Hi, everyone, and welcome to the call. On this call, we have with us the entire 
management team of IndoStar Capital Finance Limited led by Mr. Sridhar. We shall start with 
opening remarks from management, followed by a Q&A session. Over to you, Sir! 
R. Sridhar: 
Good afternoon to all of you. Let me welcome all of you to the Q1 FY2021 earnings call. I would 
also like to take this opportunity to wish you and your family health and safety during this 
pandemic. 
 
I would like to first recall some of the updates I had given during the Q4 earnings call on June 
18, 2020. So, the first thing which we had mentioned there is the investment by Brookfield. As 
you know, Brookfield has invested about Rs.1,225 crore primary equity capital, which triggered 
open offer and they have now completed the open offer also. Post the open offer and the primary 
issuance, they now hold around 57% on the fully diluted equity share capital of the company. 
That is the first update I would like to give. 
 
The second one is, as we had mentioned, that we are running down the corporate lending 
business, which had been the mainstay business of IndoStar, and we are going to focus on the 
retail businesses. Now at the end of this Q1FY21, we have 71% retail business and 29% of 
corporate lending business. 
 
Third is that with these two major decisions, we have also taken accelerated provisions and 
aggressive write-offs during Q4, including the provisions prescribed by the Reserve Bank of 
India which is the 10% provisions on cases where we have extended moratorium, we have taken 
the provision upfront in 1 quarter instead of the 2 quarters which was allowed as per RBI. We 
have also taken additional Rs.100 Crores of COVID provision. The provision coverage ratio has 
gone up substantially as against the non-performing loans. So, with these three steps we have 
strengthened and ring-fenced the balance sheet against all possible risks associated with COVID 
in the coming couple of quarters. 
 
So, having done that, with the lockdown as well as the COVID impact, we have started focusing 
on a few important things during this period, particularly in the Q1FY21. The first thing which 
we are focused is on the rationalization of the cost. So as against the cost, which is more in 
salary, rent and other expenses, we have made substantial reduction during this quarter and the 
run rate will be similar in the coming quarters. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
So that would be estimated on a like-to-like basis around 20% to 25% reduction we could 
achieve over FY20 cost. The second important thing, which we are going to focus is on the 
digitization as all of you are aware that during the lockdown, we have learned to do everything 
literally through online and through digital mode. We have raised the capital, we are raising 
resources from banks and institutions, everything we had to do during this period has been done 
from a work from home mode. We feel that going forward digitization will be a very, very 
critical aspect of our business. Already, most of our collections and credit processes are through 
the digital mode. But we are also trying to bring even the sourcing, customer evaluation, 
documentation through online method. So, we are focusing on digitization. This digitization will 
help us reduce the operating expenses as well as the enhance productivity. And the third 
important aspect, which we are focusing, is on the asset quality. 
 
As we all know at the end of March, 2020, the Reserve Bank of India introduced the moratorium 
for three months March, April and May. So, like all the other companies, we have also extended 
moratorium to all our customers in Moratorium 1.0. And those customers who want to come out 
of the moratorium and pay, we have allowed them to do. During the month of March, April and 
May, steadily the customers who are coming out of the moratorium and paid up have 
considerably increased. And subsequently, in the month of May end, again, RBI extended the 
moratorium for another three months June, July and August. During this period, June, July and 
August, we adopted a different method of extending the moratorium as against Moratorium 1.0, 
where we extended moratorium to everyone, this time, we didn't extend moratorium to anyone. 
We have asked the customers, if they want a moratorium, they should opt for it. That is how we 
have managed the moratorium during 2.0. So, you will be happy to know that the collections 
have considerably improved in the month of July in retail business, as more than 56% of the 
customers have paid, leaving 44% of the customers seeking moratorium. Out of this in the CV 
segment, about 58% of the people have paid; in affordable home segment 76% of the people 
have paid and in SME segment, about 50% of the people have paid. So, our asset quality remains 
intact without any deterioration. 
 
On the liquidity front, we have enough liquidity on the balance sheet, about Rs.2,100 crore of 
liquid cash is available. This is also aided by the capital of Rs.1,225 crore we have raised. Apart 
from that, even in this challenging period, we were able to raise funds from banks and from some 
institutions, including NHB, at very competitive rates. So, one loan we have got at below 6.5%, 
and majority of them are between 8.5% and 9.5%. So, about Rs.976 crore, we have been able to 
raise until today from 1st April, 2020, which has strengthened our liquidity. And with this 
money, even if no other money is raised, we would be able to manage all our liabilities even after 
March 2021 making our ALM strong. We are positive in all buckets up to September 2021. So 
aided by a capital adequacy of around 37% plus, a leverage of less than 2 times, focus on 
reduction of cost, digitization and asset quality, the resources debt -which we have raised, 
partnership with ICICI - I feel IndoStar is in a very strong position to take advantage of the 
potential, which will unfold post-COVID. So, what we are doing now is that we are focusing on 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 12 
3 retail businesses: CV, affordable home finance as well as SME. In the CV space, our focus is 
going to be in the mid-segment of customers up to three vehicle owners, and we will be focusing 
more on used vehicles. And about new vehicles, we have already built a partnership with ICICI 
Bank, which would continue. 
 
Similarly, on the SME business, our strategy would be to source all these loans in our balance 
sheet and then subsequently decide to park these through securitization or direct assignment with 
the banks. The affordable home finance business is one of the best businesses, which we have 
been able to build in the last 2.5 years. With the kind of capital we have, this business is now in a 
position to become a stand-alone business. All these 2 or last 3 years, it has been tagging along 
the CV business. So, we have a plan to make this business stand-alone. For the next couple of 
months, we are going to lend the money under the emergency credit guarantee scheme, which 
has been introduced by the government. 
 
The earlier scheme, which has been announced by the government, was only for the enterprises, 
private limited and partnership firms. But after the NBFC industry made a representation to the 
Honorable Finance Minister, she was kind enough to consider extending this facility to the 
individuals, so all our customers are now eligible, out of which, we estimate that Rs.400 crore to 
Rs.500 crore can be lent under the scheme. We have already started lending, and in the next one 
or two months, we will complete this and I am very confident about the kind of progress our 
economy is making. The impact of COVID slowly, gradually coming down, and unlocking, is 
happening. I am sure that we will be able to start lending in normal course to our new customers 
from October 2020. I now look forward to an exciting two quarters in 2021. After that, when the 
complete impact of COVID has disappeared, we will have a fantastic road ahead for us to grow. 
With these words, I leave the forums for the questions, and we would be very happy to take your 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. We take the first question is from the line of Aakash Dattani from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aakash Dattani: 
Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. So, my first question is on, there is a mention 
about operating costs on Slide #5 of your investor presentation where it says the CI ratio is 
excluding front-ended costs. Could you elaborate on this, please? 
Amol Joshi: 
Sure. Thank you for the question, Aakash. As we had mentioned earlier, and Sridhar also covered 
on the call, that we are creating various initiatives for digitization. And considering this will be 
multi-pronged project on various fronts, these front ended costs are related to certain projects that 
we have undertaken for which we will have upfront costs booked in, a part of which is already 
baked into the Q1 numbers. So that quantum of amount is around Rs.10 crore, which is part of 
my cost base for Q1. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Aakash Dattani: 
Okay. My next question is, if I look at last quarter's profit AUM and I add those things and 
compare it with this quarter's AUM, there is like a negative repayment. So, would this be because 
of interest capitalization? 
Amol Joshi: 
Aakash, for certain portion of the exposure interest has been capitalized. The growth you see is 
only because of that. 
Aakash Dattani: 
That’s, it from my end. Thank you very much. If I have other questions I will get back in the 
queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Kishore an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Kishore: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, I have a question regarding the branch expansion. So is there 
any ongoing branch expansion that is planned like after the post-COVID, seems like we will be 
more focusing on retail lending and all. So, is there any plan to expand branches post-COVID? 
R. Sridhar: 
Definitely. See, branch expansion is a must because the businesses where we are operating are all 
neighborhood businesses. So, we will have to be present. But, COVID has given us an insight as 
to how to manage that in a different way. So, our first focus is towards digitization, which we are 
planning and secondly, we are working on the smart branches. So, we are bringing a new concept 
of smart branches, which would be smaller in size. The capex, which we will be doing, will be 
lesser, by creating more tech-friendly kind of branches. That is what we are trying to do. So, we 
will be expanding our branches, but that won't be during this year but only from FY2022. This 
year, we would be using the period up to March 2021 to prepare the initiatives, which I had 
outlined, to you. So smart branches, digitization and some recruitment are what we will focus on. 
So, we have prepared ourselves to use the potential, which is going to unfold. 
Kishore: 
So, like, until this financial year, so there will be no branch expansion. Is that so? 
R. Sridhar: 
No, that is a guideline. It is not a rule. If the recovery of the COVID is faster, we would even do 
something in this year also. But as of now, in the kind of unlocking, which is happening, the 
COVID and all that, we feel that the branch expansion we should do only from FY2022. 
Kishore: 
My second question is on asset quality, sir. So, if you see the slide no. 14, wherein we have the 
gross NPA for corporate lending remains at Rs.154.6 crore. There is no reduction in that, so 
which means like there is no provision. Why is that payments same across the five quarters? 
Amol Joshi: 
Kishore, your observation is right. Yes, gross NPA you see of Rs.154.6 crore, we have only one 
account, which turned NPA in Q1FY20 last year. Hence, you find that number steady. In terms 
of provisioning, we have done a 10% provision in Q1FY20 last year. And you will see that the 
net NPAs reduced between Q3FY20 and Q4FY20 last year. So, after Q4FY20, the number in 
Q1FY21 is the same. So Rs.154.6 crore is the gross amount and Rs.123.7 crore is the net amount. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 12 
We increased the provision for this account in Q4FY20. No incremental provision has been made 
in the current quarter. 
Kishore: 
Okay. So, like is there any recovery that we are seeing, Sir, or how is this account will be set in 
the future? 
Amol Joshi: 
The underlying security that we have for this exposure is robust enough. It is just that in the real 
estate sector things have been a bit slow, as you're aware. And in last four months things were 
mostly at a standstill. We are quite confident that while we have done the provision, eventually 
we will see recovery in that particular asset. 
Kishore: 
So, it is supported by the collateral, Sir? Am I correct? 
Amol Joshi: 
Yes. Yes. There is a good quality security available against that. 
Kishore: 
Thank you so much. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Three questions from my side. The first is, can you give your stage-wise ECL coverage that you 
are having on the book? The second will be, if you can shed some light on the customer profile or 
geographies as to where stress is larger in the SME or the CV business, the type of customer 
segments who are really facing cash flow crisis? And the third will be, if I see a slide on 
moratorium and collections, I see that the collections as on 31st July, 2020 for housing finance 
segment was 86%, CV segment was 48% and this is a percentage of pre-COVID monthly billing. 
So, I wanted to know if the numerator also includes your collections from overdue accounts. And 
in case I try to adjust for that, then what will be the collections for, let us say, the last two months 
in each of the segments? 
Prashant Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks, Dipanjan. I will answer your questions in the reverse order. So, the last question 
that you talked about, the collections as percentage of pre-COVID monthly billing. In the 
numerator, we have also taken the collections against overdue and if we were to adjust for that 
and purely take EMI billing and EMI collection, only in the month of July in the numerator as 
well as in the denominator, roughly and it will vary by business, but roughly, you should see 
between 4% to 5% of reduction in this ratio. 
 
So that is the answer to your third question. To your second question, which kind of customer 
profile, I will first talk about the CV. Since the slowdown began sometime this time last year in 
the whole industry, what came through was particularly in Central India and North India, due to a 
new vehicle financing, particularly which was involved in infrastructure sector that came under a 
lot of pressure and that is true of our portfolio also. Where we are seeing pockets of pressure in 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Central India and North India, mainly in new vehicle financing exposure where relatively, the 
stress is higher. Comparatively, I think used vehicle financing performance has been all right. As 
far as SME is concerned, actually, while you are seeing the 58% moratorium there, what we have 
actually been able to do even during the lockdown is that actually, we have reduced our NPLs 
and actually improved our bucket book. But where we are seeing stress, it is more sectoral 
dependent. So, wherever the activities are ongoing, in all those sectors, we have been able to 
collect our money. And, in SME, it is not that customers do not have money, but they have taken 
advantage of the moratorium to conserve cash. So, there is a geography and new vehicle 
financing bias in CV. And in SME, only those segments where activities have come to a halt 
have come under a little bit of pressure. 
 
I will come to your first question, which is in the stage-wise ECL coverage. So, different 
business-wise, we have different provisions and LGDs that we have taken. So, in stage three, 
typically, as far as CV is concerned, we have two portfolios, organic and inorganic, the 
composite ratio will be about 27%. If you take housing finance segment, it is about 20%, and 
SME segment will also be about 20%-22%. That’s the stage 3 and stage 1, of course, we do 
minimum 0.4%, which has been set by RBI. But our stage 1 provisioning has been higher than 
that across all the businesses. And stage 2 overall is in the ratio of about 6% to 8%. 
 
Dipanjan, you are also aware that we took that Rs.280 crore Covid related provision, which was 
moved our Provision Coverage Ratio to 95%. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Yes. So, the number of 6% to 8%, that also incorporates COVID provisions you have incurred in 
the two quarters, right? 
Prashant Joshi: 
No, The COVID provision of Rs.280 crore is over and above the normal stage-wise ECL 
provision. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Okay. So just one question in respect to answer on the second one so in the SME business, could 
you shed some light with respect to your customer segment, what will be the typical customer or 
even some broad idea as to what will be the customer cohort? And what will be the mix as I am 
just trying to understand like what is the portfolio that could be at risks? 
Prashant Joshi: 
We do the SME business in 10 cities in the country, the metros and the mini metros. And our 
typical customer is someone, whose turnover is up to Rs.10 crore. It would be either a 
manufacturer, trader or engaged in services. And our average ticket size in this business is about 
Rs.1 crore. If you look at our portfolio, our total AUM is about Rs.1,650 crore, while what is on 
our books is about Rs.1,300 crore only. So, a lot of portfolio, we have been able to assign. And 
the way we are looking at it, we think that we have been able to reduce buckets as we have been 
able to recover our money. So, we are not seeing a major risk on this portfolio as far as 
increasing delinquency is concerned. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Thanks a lot for the detailed explanation and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sai Kiran from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Sai Kiran: 
Sir, just one question on Slide #16, if I look at it, the percentage of customers opting for 
moratorium based on value for CV product is 42%. But if I go to the next slide, when I look at 
the days past due, the current book as of June 2020 is for CV is 62%. What am I missing? Even 
though does this mean that even some portion of the customers who opted for moratorium had 
paid the installments? That's how one should read it? 
Amol Joshi: 
So, 2 things. One is that the data for moratorium, we wanted to give the latest data. Therefore, we 
have provided the data as of July, 2020, and the data that you are looking at was DPD is as of 
June, 2020. Leaving that aside, I think both things have happened. There are some customers 
who have been under moratorium they have paid. And with some customers who have not taken 
moratorium also have not paid. So, both things have happened. Hence, this is the net result. 
Sai Kiran: 
Got it. Understood. And the second question, I missed opening remarks, so I apologize if I am 
repetitive. Just a broader question in terms of the CV we all are aware, I think you were also 
mentioning in one of the earlier calls that they were showing some stress even through the last 
year and now this COVID had come over. How are you looking at the sector as a whole in terms 
of behavior and also the stress? And what does this mean for the industry growth as well in terms 
of industry-level NPAs? And second question is that if you compare your CV moratorium book 
and also the behavior, how do you compare yourself versus the industry based on whatever the 
data you would have looked at in the bureau side? Thanks a lot. 
R. Sridhar: 
The CV business, as you know, that it is cyclical. So, few years, it goes up and it comes down. 
And so, every company is going through that kind of a cycle, whether it is a manufacturer, or it is 
a financial institution. And you know that about a year back, post the IL&FS issue, the CV 
industry also started that downward cycle. Combined with the liquidity constraint, growth got 
affected and then GDP went into a slowdown, and now with COVID it has been impacted. But if 
you see post to the lockdown, even the unlocking has happened. Some of the data is encouraging, 
including the toll collection and all that is showing that the revival is picking up. And this 
industry is directly linked to the economy. And our data itself is showing only 40% of our 
customers are not able to pay for various reasons. So, 60% of the people paying is a good 
progress, and this performance is also in line with other competition, which are bigger companies 
than us in the same space. But I would say that our performance is slightly better than some of 
our competition, which had given the numbers. And when I look at our moratorium numbers, our 
customers are loyal than some of our competitor’s customers. The second point is that when the 
economy revives, this will be the first industry, which will come up. So, I am very confident in 
the next few months, the efficiency and the earnings of this industry, will improve and so will our 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 12 
collections. Simultaneously, the government is also coming up with some measures, including 
the scrappage policy which are going to improve the demand for used vehicles substantially 
which is a focus area of the company. So, we are confident, but we had to go through this 
turbulence. And once this settles down, then the next cycle would be an upward cycle, where we 
can build a huge value and profitability. 
Sai Kiran: 
Thanks a lot Sir. That is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Piran Engineer from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
I just wanted your views on RBI's recent onetime restructuring. How are you all thinking about 
that? Will it be more on a case-by-case basis? Or will it be offered to all, say, stressed customers 
or all moratorium customers from September,2020 onward? How are you all thinking about that? 
R. Sridhar: 
See, we are in two businesses, one is wholesale and the other is retail. So, in the wholesale, we 
are in the real estate business, which you know has been impacted and its recovery is a bit slow. 
There, we have given moratorium to a greater number of borrowers. We have given them a short 
moratorium. And we would consider restructuring them on a case-to-case basis where RBI has 
given that benefit now. And as we have escrow mechanism, and here is a waterfall mechanism 
for recovering the amount from our borrowers, the reschedulement is not going to affect our cash 
flows in any way, so that is one kind of restructuring we will do. And in the case of retail, we are 
very confident that we have reached 40% moratorium-seeking customers by July 2020 and we 
are very confident that it will come to 20%-25% in August 2020 and that gives us enough 
courage to look at September, October, November, where we will go to more than 90% of our 
collections. 
 
So there, very few customers would be looking at restructuring, which could be larger customers 
who are fleet owners, which had come through our acquisition from IndiaInfoline when we 
bought it. That is what will be there. Some customers in SME will be there. There will be no 
reschedulement that is required in the affordable housing finance segments. So, in our case, case-
to-case only, we will view, but more in the wholesale and very less in the retail segment. 
Piran Engineer: 
That is all from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darpin Shah from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Darpin Shah: 
Thanks. My question is on, again, moratorium. So, the fall, which has happened in moratorium 
book, how do you define this moratorium? I remember you said part EMI or at least one EMI? 
Amol Joshi: 
So, these customers have come out of moratorium and paid at least one EMI. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Darpin Shah: 
Okay, second, I do not know if I have missed but our NPAs in the vehicle finance book has gone 
up on a sequential basis from 180 crore to almost 200 crores. Any color on that? 
Amol Joshi: 
Yes. So, if you see the numbers, we have had reduction in the SME book by about Rs.10 crore 
and an increase of about Rs.19 crore in the CV book. There is an increase of gross NPLs. These 
are customers where we thought it was prudent not to provide the moratorium. We could have 
theoretically postponed the inevitable by providing moratorium, but we did a review of the 
portfolio and thought that it is best, even given a moratorium later these customers will not be 
able to pay. And therefore, we took the decision and didn't give the moratorium and allowed 
these customers to become stage 3. 
Darpin Shah: 
One last bookkeeping thing. Our tax rate for this quarter is on a lower side. Any specific reason 
for it? 
Amol Joshi: 
Yes. Darpin, there have been a certain change in policy as to how we compute the differed tax-
related calculation. So certain credits have been taken in the tax line. Hence, the overall ETR 
looks lower. And just to remind you that in Q4FY20, we also had a huge loss because of the top-
up provisions that were taken. So that also affects the current tax line as well. So, both things 
have contributed to a lower ETR in Q1FY21. 
Darpin Shah: 
That is, it from my end. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Sheth from UTI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Sheth: 
I hope everything is fine in the COVID lockdown. So I just wondered if you have given just 
color on the wholesale book and how we are seeing it as to in terms of what are the level of stress 
testing that you have done, in the sense that there would have been largely the book, at least on 
the real estate part, is largely concentrated in the cities where the lockdown has been a lot. So, in 
terms of stress testing and security cover, anything -- any color as to what you have done? And 
whether we see any stress going forward in any of these cases? At least on the macro part, the 
thing that's not included. 
Deepak Bakliwal: 
Yes. So, you are right that the dominant real estate book is in the key cities, which has 
experienced a lockdown. But you would see that most of our exposures are in the affordable 
segment. We are not in the high-ticket segment. We are in the low-ticket underlying segment. 
And therefore, in the stress testing, we feel that as the things will normalize, the collection & 
sales efficiency will improve. And therefore, we are confident that the servicing will be 
normalised. And from that perspective, free cash flow cover perspective and overall cover 
perspective, we are there. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Pratik Sheth: 
I just wanted to sort of clarify, I think that in the real estate, generally, what happens is some 
borrowers are already under moratorium because the nature of the lending is specific largely 
back-ended structures. So, does that 90% include everything or it is just these specific 6 months 
moratorium that we were talking about? 
Deepak Bakliwal: 
The 90% is specific 6 months moratorium. 
Pratik Sheth: 
Thank you. That is, it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kishore, retail investor. Please go ahead. 
Kishore: 
Sir, I have a question related to the technology utilization and the risk management metrics that 
we incorporated. So, is there any focus to improve those perspectives like accurate underwriting 
and good disbursals, so on this perspective? 
R. Sridhar: 
See, digitization is one initiative we are taking. About our risk management and the credit 
policies and all, it is an ongoing exercise. So, every time any event happens, the credit policies 
are reviewed, and changes are made. So, there is a Chief Risk Officer in there, the national credit 
managers are there. So that is an ongoing thing. But what I have mentioned about digitization is 
an exercise, which we are going to do post COVID. So that most of the things which we are 
going through and which we have been doing physically, now will get converted into digital 
space. So, we are taking that initiative to build something, which would bring a lot of operating 
expenses saving and improve the productivity. So that is what we are planning. 
Kishore: 
So, it is like we will also reduce the time for a customer to get the disbursals and all, right? 
R. Sridhar: 
Yes, turnaround time will be reduced. 
Kishore: 
Yes. I have a second question related, I am sorry if, this question is related to the previous 
quarter, regarding the impairment of financial instruments in the results. So, could you please 
shed some light on this one, like what you did the last time? 
Amol Joshi: 
Kishore, when you see impairment on financial instruments, most of our impairment provisions 
are against the loan book. And the key item in Q4FY20 last year was a top-up provision of 
Rs.280 crore, which we had taken over and above these accelerated write-offs that we had done 
and that Rs.280 crore was also on top of the ECL model outcomes, which had a certain amount 
of provision hitting the P&L. So, the key item in that impairment line is these write-offs plus 
normal ECL, plus the top-up provision that we have done. So, the specific item you said about 
impairment of financial instruments, what you see in the P&L is the provisioning line that is the 
loan loss provision that we made on our loan book. 

 
 
 
 
            IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
August 13, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Kishore: 
Okay. So, this is regarding which division, Sir? Like retail or corporate lending or which account 
was it? 
Amol Joshi: 
So, I will just walk you through. There were certain write-offs that we had done in Q4FY20 of 
Rs.207 crore, which we did in the corporate loan book; Rs.60 crore write-offs was for the CV 
book; that Rs.280 crore is an overarching provision that we maintain against the portfolio, 
considering the COVID situation. And there are 2 parts for this Rs.280 crore. One is the RBI 
mandate of having at least a 10% provision on the book under moratorium, and we had topped 
that with Rs.100 crore provision, which is sort of our provision available against the full book. 
Hope that helps. 
Kishore: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I will now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
R. Sridhar: 
Thank you very much for your participation. As I mentioned earlier, we have prepared ourselves 
very strongly from the capital, liquidity, asset quality point of view. So, we are waiting for the 
COVID to end. And we are very confident that the next few years, we will look for very good 
growth, profitable growth and quality growth. Thank you for your support and thank you for your 
participation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, we conclude 
today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------Ends----------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
