-!-
S Chand And Company Limited 
• 
Registered Office: A-27. 2nd Floor, Mohan Co-Operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi - 110044. India .
S.CHAND
GROUP
P:+91 11 4973 1800 I F:+91 11 4973 1801 I E: info@schandgroup.com I www.schand!roup.com ----
To 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001 
Dear Sir, 
Date: July 13, 2020 
To 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra 
400051 
Re: Transcript of conference call for the Analysts and Investors 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Analysts and Investors on Wednesday, July 0 1, 2020 
at 2:00 P.M. to discuss the financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2020. The transcript 
of the said conference call held with the Analysts and Investors is enclosed herewith. 
The Company shall also disseminate the above infonnation on the website of the Company­
www.schandgroup.com. 
Request you to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking You. 
Encl: as above 
CIN No. L22219DL 1970PLC005400 

1 
 
S. CHAND & Company Limited Q4 FY20 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to S. Chand & Company Limited Q4 FY20 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. As a reminder 
all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing star then 0 on your 
touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you Sir. 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Research Analyst, Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, I welcome you all to the Q4 
FY20 Earnings Call of S. Chand Limited. We have with us the management represented 
by Mr. Himanshu Gupta, MD, Mr. Saurabh Mittal, CFO, and Mr. Atul Soni, Head Investor 
Relations, Strategy & M&A. I would now like to hand over the call to the management 
for some opening remarks. And after that we can open the floor for questions.  Thank 
you and over to you sir.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – MD, S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I am Himanshu Gupta, the Managing 
Director of S. Chand and Company Limited. I would like to welcome you all to our fourth 
quarter and full year results conference call for FY20 and thank you all for taking the 
time-out and joining us here today. I trust each one of you and your loved ones are safe 
in these extremely difficult times 
As you are aware, the COVID 19 pandemic hit us untimely during March, 2020 which is 
peak sales season for us impacting the FY20 financials adversely. We estimate that the 
timing of the epidemic and the lockdown cost us Rs160 crores to Rs180 crores of lower 
reported sales during FY20. Do keep in mind that our K-12 business is seasonal in nature 
where Q4 accounts for 75%-80% of annual revenues and the month of March itself 
accounts for 30%-40% of the annual revenues coinciding with the commencement of the 
new academic session.  
On back of the Covid-19 pandemic, we saw schools and education institutions taking 
precautions and shutting down from early March itself. We received orders from 
channel partners till mid-March and our plants and warehouses remained in operations 
till 21st March, 2020 across the country fulfilling these orders.  At the time of the 
complete lockdown, we still had a strong order book for schools and higher education 
which could not be fulfilled during the financial year FY20 and we expect a large  portion 
of the unfulfilled orders to shift to H1FY21 . 

2 
 
While schools remained closed we still have been able to recover a large portion of the 
K-12 sales in Q1, as students have been enabled with book supplies at home by schools 
and channel partners.  However the Higher education segment and Test Preparation 
segment which accounts for 15-20% of our total annual revenues , the first semester is 
expected to start atleast 2 months later than normal and  competitive examinations also 
are expected to move 2-3 months from their original schedule, which has impacted 
revenues in that segment for Q4F20 and Q1FY21.     
The silver lining in this cloud was the strong interest that we got in our digital offerings 
across the group. We had launched our affordable digital learning solution - Learnflix in 
January which saw strong adoption and interest in these times. I am happy to report 
that Learnflix has already been downloaded over 70,000 times and we already have over 
15,000 paying subscribers. The app has notched up a high review rating of 4.5 on the 
google play store. We expect the quality content along with the affordability for schools 
and students will augur well for Learnflix. Currently with content for classes 6-10, in 
Maths and Science, this will be further upgraded for other classes and subjects during 
the year. 
Mylestone, our school curriculum business has already signed up over 400 schools for 
the next academic year and we are looking to expand on the strength shown in this 
vertical. The Schools that have adopted Mylestone were during the lockdown enabled 
with online teaching tools and content for teachers and students through the App. This 
enabled the schools to continue the process of learning for students at no additional 
cost  
During the lockdown period, we also focused on working with all the stakeholders 
including – students, teachers, and schools to ensure that the learning does not stop due 
to this epidemic. We reached out to over 4,500 schools providing them e-books, digital 
resources, videos, animations, presentations, teacher resources etc. to ensure teaching 
continuity during the months of April and May where physical books could not reach 
students. We conducted more than 60 webinars for teachers and schools to train them 
on digital learning methods which was attended by over 10,000 participants. These 
relationship building measures go a long way in deepening our connect with our various 
stakeholders. 
We also saw a larger number of users procure e-books during this period, where e-book 
sales more than doubled. Our catalogue has more than 4000 e-books across School and 
Higher Education segment which are currently live across various platforms like Amazon, 
Google and Kopykitab. We have also seen interest from Higher Education institutes and 
colleges for subscription of e-books for this academic year.     
I am happy to share that we are already working on a new online learning platform 
which is under development to deliver a holistic array of product features as we strive to 
Enable the School and Colleges to conduct online classes, Empower the Teacher with 
tools for teaching, communicating, assessing and analyzing the performance of students 
and Stimulating the minds of Students with e-books, digital resources, mind maps, 
practices, revision and assessments. Slide 5 of our investor presentation carries more 

3 
 
details about this new platform.  You will hear more about the same in the coming 
months from our side as we partner the educational institutions in delivering blended 
learning to the students during these difficult times. 
 We believe that we have a great opportunity in coming times for digital learning as a 
medium of education. We are confident of the value add that our digital solutions along 
with the strong content repository built over 8 decades will provide. We feel that these 
products and services would be the future growth drivers for the Group in the coming 
years.  
With that, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Saurabh Mittal to apprise all of us on the 
financial performance of S. Chand.  
 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – CFO, S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for your time. I am Saurabh Mittal, CFO of S. 
Chand. 
I would like to bring your focus on some of the operational highlights which gave us 
support during these troubled times. Our strong focus on implementing S Chand 3.0 plan 
led us to reduce our operational expenses including employee expenses, SG&A and 
other expenses by 24% during FY20 over FY19. Do keep in mind that these expenses 
were incurred throughout the year keeping in mind a higher level of expected sales.  
On account of the disruptions, we finished the year with operating revenues of Rs429 
crores, down 18% over last year. We estimate that the timing of the epidemic and the 
lockdown costed us Rs160-Rs180cr of lower sales during FY20.   
As for FY21, we are already working on keeping costs in check. We expect paper prices 
to be lower than last year by 5%-10% giving us support on the gross margins this year. 
Incremental sales of e-books will also help in improving Gross margins. On the operating 
expenses front, we expect employee costs, SG&A and other expenses to be lower by 
10%-20% for this year.  This should result in improved levels of profitability for FY21 on 
back of operating leverage and strong cost control going ahead. Do keep in mind that we 
do not anticipate any cost item to be higher than FY20 for the current financial year. The 
details of these can be found in Slide no 9 and 10 of our investor presentation.  
On our investee company front, I am happy to share that 2 of our investee companies 
raised capital during Q4FY20 (details are on Slide 7 of the Investor Presentation).   
With this, I would like to open the call for your questions. Thank you.  
 

4 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may please press star then 1 on 
their touch tone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, 
you may press star then 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a 
question. Anyone who wishes to ask questions please press star then 1. Participants who 
would like to ask questions, please press star then 1.  
The first question is from the line of Deepan Shankar from Trustline PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS 
Good afternoon everyone. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. So first of all I wanted to 
understand what is our expectation on FY21 sales number considering Rs160-Rs180 
crores of FY20 numbers are also coming back to FY21. So how do we consider FY21 
sales? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Thank you Deepan. So in terms of giving a guidance, I am not sure we can give a full year 
guidance in terms of revenue on back on the ongoing pandemic. There is no visibility as 
of now on when schools and colleges will open up this year because as we see there is 
continuous delays in terms of opening of schools and colleges. Having said that, we have 
recovered quite a bit of the lost revenues in Q1. However, at the same time whatever 
we used to do in Q1 has also shifted to Q2. So my sense is whatever we have done last 
year is of course the base but we expect definitely to do substantially better this year. 
But to give an exact number at this point of time would be difficult considering the 
uncertainty around educational institutions  opening.  
Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS 
Okay, okay. So we are not foreseeing any loss of revenues from FY21 sales season? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
As of now, we are expecting a normal kind of a FY21 sales season from January, 2021 to 
March, 2021 as of now. That is built into what we said. But this is an ongoing epidemic, 
so we need to see how it impacts sales. But our base assumption is that this year Q4 
sales season will be a normal one.  
Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS  
Okay, okay. So we are not expecting any loss of revenues due to the pandemic in FY21. 
So as and when the schools reopen then the schools will start ordering on the original 
date.   

5 
 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – MD, S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
No sir, there will be some loss of sales ultimately. We will not be able to recover 100% of 
sales which we lost in the month of March and April. But we are hopeful that a majority 
of the sales we might be able to recover. That also depends on when the schools open 
and what is the situation. But fortunately for us, we see the online learning for most of 
the schools will start in the first week of July. And the children would start studying 
online. And when you study online, the students also need some support material with 
that. So that support material is required for the students to learn through the online 
method also. So, we believe that the majority of the sales we will be able to recover. But 
I will not say 100% of the sales will be recovered.  
Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS 
Okay, okay. So as and when schools open, we will be able to recover lost sales. And also 
during Q4 of ’21 the next year sales will also come up during the Jan to March of ’21 
right? So, there will not be any impact expected.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
We are again hopeful that the normalcy should come in by that time but again that 
depends on how this COVID situation is working out. Because the COVID situation hangs 
around much longer, then the situation might be difficult to say. But if the COVID 
situation normalizes let’s say even by September or October, then we are hopeful that 
next year should be a normal year.  
Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS 
Okay. Because of these scenarios are we expecting some receivables to increase 
because schools are getting fees also slower. So that impact are we estimating? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yes, there would be a shift in terms of receivables towards 2nd half of the year.  But to 
give you some color on the receivables we have been very, very careful in terms of the 
supplies that we have made and are currently making. And only after ensuring that it is 
going to get liquidated in the market, that supplies are going. So that way we have been 
very careful with the kind of inventory that we are moving to the dealer network.  
Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS 
Okay. Thanks a lot and all the best.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Thank you sir.  

6 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Participants who would like to ask questions, please press * then 1. The next 
question is from the line of Rishabh Chudgar from Enam Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
Thanks for giving me this opportunity. I hope everyone is safe. Sir I just had a quick 
question regarding the inventory. So now in FY20 if I look at the absolute inventory for 
us it is around Rs200 crores. So, what are you planning to do for FY21? Because as you 
are uncertain regarding schools reopening and all, do you want to build up our 
inventory? Or whatever existing inventory is there you want to liquidate that first? And a 
follow up to that would be is this inventory would still be relevant. Like there will be 
some kind of inventory which might not remain relevant.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah so Rishabh the finished goods inventory as of March is around Rs168 odd crores 
which is I think lower by at least Rs15-16 crores despite not having made the full sales 
for the previous quarter. Also, to add to that a fourth of it has already been liquidated in 
the first quarter. So we were targeting about Rs120 crore of inventory at the end of 
FY20. So by the middle of July we should be around that number. Going into the next 
season also we will be very, very light on inventory and we will first look at what we 
have got in terms of returns and then we will produce for the next sales season. So what 
we did last year we will continue this year, because again the new education policy is 
supposed to come by next year which means that the new curriculum books should be 
sold in January, 2022 to March, 2022 quarter.  As of now, the same set of books would 
be prescribed by the schools in the next academic session also. This year also we expect 
the inventory to be much lower at year end.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
And Rishabh to add to what Saurabh said, the closing year end inventory which you see, 
the Rs200 crores, would have been much lighter in case the sales would have continued 
as normal. But unfortunately during the last 10-15 days of March, we couldn’t do sales 
and those are the most important days for a company like ours which is a very seasonal 
business because as you understand our peak business of 70%-80% of annual revenues 
happens during 60-70 days and we lost 15 days out of those days, that matters. We lost 
around 20-25% of the business. So going forward also we will be keeping ourselves very 
light on the inventory and as per requirement of the customer and the market. And we 
will continue to monitor the market very carefully both the primary sales and secondary 
sales this year.  
 
 

7 
 
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
Sir on this Rs168crore finished goods inventory is it fair enough to say that  as the season 
comes up and all, you will be able to liquidate all of that and then based on whatever is 
the demand you will make additional inventory? So that will be possible right?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So Rishabh we have already taken a provision of about Rs10 crores in our books in 
March itself for the inventory that we could not liquidate because there are certain titles 
that go out only during a certain period. So being conservative we have already taken 
that kind of provision and even going into next year we will be very, very careful on what 
we are printing and supplying to the market.  
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
And also since you mentioned about the e-books, have schools even though they may 
not start physical classes, I am sure schools will start certain classes with online classes. 
So what kind of demand do we anticipate from the e-book segment and what kind of 
margins are there in this kind of e-book segment?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So I will break it up into two. So as far as schools are concerned, while e-books can start, 
we still feel that physical books would be required by children of at least till class 8th or 
9th which are a large part of our K-12 sales. And for higher education we of course feel 
that e-books would definitely be a better way for students to pick up books. And since 
most of them already have laptops, we are seeing e-books subscription even coming as 
early as this quarter. Also, the margins there are definitely higher because there are no 
costs around paper, supplies and transportation. So I think overall cost in terms of e-
books, there is no physical cost there. So that is more of a technology cost which is again 
in-house largely. So there I feel the gross margins are slightly higher. Gross margins I 
expect on e-books will be more like 60-65%.  
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
Okay. And sir the average selling price (ASP) of an e-book and a physical book will be 
similar or an e-book will be slightly cheaper than a physical book? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
See currently, our e-book prices and physical book prices are largely the same. 
Sometimes the discounts vary. But again, that depends on the volume of sales and at 
present the volume of e-books is not that high. As volumes begin to pick up, of course 
definitely the pricing of e-books can be lower.  

8 
 
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
Okay. And sir can you give some details on how Learnflix platform is tracking out. I know 
Himanshu mentioned that we have more than 15,000 paid accounts, but how do you 
see this platform in FY21? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So I will Rishabh tell you what is the background of this platform. As we know that there 
are much bigger and well-funded companies in the competition, who are there already 
in the field. So we are not competing in the same space actually with those companies 
because the difference between us and them is first the price point which is very 
different. So our price point of the product is Rs. 2,000-Rs2,500 per subscription per 
annum. Their price point is Rs.30,000-Rs40,000 annually. So basically, there is a 
difference of 10X-12X of pricing.  
Second of all, we are mainly focusing our energies towards B2B platforms. So, we are 
selling these solutions to the schools and the school is selling it to the students. And 
there the student is paying to the schools and the school is paying us the money. This is 
the same way we sell books and we are predominantly keeping the same platform 
because the problem is that going the B2C way, we need to have a very high level of 
cash burn in terms of marketing, in terms of customer acquisition, in terms of all the  
other efforts. And we unfortunately as a company we are not willing to spend that kind 
of money on marketing and customer acquisition. So basically, our idea is to become a 
very affordable, branded product company which is already very well-known in the 
education market. The schools and teachers know about our products, use our products. 
Plus, you are getting a lot of e-books free in that platform. So, if you are buying 6th to 
10th any class, you are getting books like Lakhmir Singh which is very popular book, SC 
Gupta books which is very popular in math as an add on. So, these kind of books you are 
already getting in the e-books platform free in the app. So, the value of the app becomes 
almost free for the child because we are giving books worth more than Rs. 2000 free in 
the platform itself. And we feel the traction of this platform has been good over the last 
3-4 months. Just the schools right now are in a flux because the problem is that the 
schools are not able to recover the fees from the students. So that is becoming a little 
matter of flux for us because the schools are right now looking at a way of first to collect 
the fees which I think will be cleared in a month or so when the schools would definitely 
ask for the fees from parents for them to continue their operations. So I think there is a 
lot of good traction and good reviews that we are getting from the market.  
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
And sir because of this crisis, you rightly said a lot of parents might not be paying fees to 
the schools. Right now, we have around Rs300 odd crores of receivables. Do you feel 
that some of the receivables might go bad or something? Or we are going to be on top 
of it and make sure 100% of the receivables are collected?  
 

9 
 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah so Rishabh the gross receivables are much higher. The gross receivables are around 
Rs400 plus crores and we have already taken a cumulative provision in the books for 
about Rs40 crores to Rs45 crores in terms of delayed receivables which I feel is already 
higher than it should be. Having said that, during this period of April to June we have 
already collected about Rs100 crores. And daily we are getting good collections. So in 
terms of cash flows, I see a regular cash flow coming in because a large portion of what 
gets sold does not get sold by the school. It is largely by the channel partner who 
delivery directly to the student or he is setting up his own bookstore or selling from the 
bookstore. So the school involvement in terms of adoption of the books is there, but in 
terms of selling books, typically schools are not allowed to sell books to students as per 
the CBSE guidelines. So we are getting money from our channel partners on a regular 
basis. The delay seen in April was largely on account of supplies not going to the 
students. But now since students have started to purchase the books from mid-May 
onwards, we are getting regular cash flows. I mean it is slow as compared to normal but 
it is a very regular flow of collections that are coming in. and so far no liquidity concerns 
as far as we are concerned. We have a robust cash flow for now. Operating expenses are 
also low so no complaints.  
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
Okay. So you said Rs100 odd crores have been collected. So I think as of now you will be 
having receivables of Rs240 odd crores.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
No, we have also made sales during this period of approx. Rs90-Rs95 crores as well 
which gets added to the receivables balance.  
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
Okay, okay, got it, got it. Okay.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
It basically means that opening receivables are lower by 100 crores.  
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
Okay. And sir in FY20 our total operating costs, and here I am saying the cost below the 
cost of production, was approx Rs250 crores. I think you have cut costs as per your 
strategy 3.0. I just want to know is there any way to reduce the cost and how much 
reduction can we expect? 
 

10 
 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So two things in that. One is some of the cost reduction action items that we did last 
year were finally affected by August-September. So the full effect 12 month will start 
coming during this year. That is one. Second, there is further cost reduction of 10% odd 
across all heads that we have already planned and already actioned in the first quarter. 
And finally, third, see a lot of the costs that we used to incur would go away this year 
because I mean travel costs would be lower this year. Your dealer engagements costs 
would be lower this year. Your workshop expense which used to be very high amount, 
all have shifted to webinars. So a lot of these costs which were physically there would be 
reduced this year. Apart from this specimen distribution would also be on lower levels 
this year since most of the schools would go with older lists for next academic session as 
well. We expect the schools to continue with the same book list that they have done the 
last year. So they will not change the book list. Anyway, the school syllabus is not 
changing, and the books will be continued of last year only so there will be less 
distribution of specimen also. All this would lead to tight control and reduction in overall 
costs.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
To summarize, rentals have been reduced, operational costs have been reduced, 
employee costs have been reduced and overall paper prices are also going down this 
year. We expect that the paper prices will be around 8-10% lower in terms of the rate of 
the paper, plus we will be using less paper in terms of consumption. So that will help us 
in the cash flows. Overall, I think all these things have some kind of a silver lining. 
Obviously COVID is bad only. But this is a silver lining there.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So Rishabh overall I think in terms of below the line, we expect our operating costs to be 
lower by at least 15% and max 20%. 
Mr. Rishabh Chudgar – Enam Holdings 
Okay. Yeah because I am just seeing that on Q4 we are running at a Rs55 crore kind of 
run rate of operational expenses and with the savings we are talking about we are 
looking at FY21 annual spend of approx. Rs220 crores. Okay. Great! Thanks sir. If I have 
more questions, I will come up later. Thank you.  
Moderator  
Thank you. Participants who would like to ask questions, please press * then 1. The next 
question is from the line of Prashant Desai from Everstone Capital. Please go ahead.  

11 
 
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Hi. Thanks Himanshu and Saurabh for this opportunity. What I wanted to understand, 
you guys are guiding in terms of your digital revenue being almost 25-30% of your 
revenue in 3 years. If you could help us understand of the current year sales of Rs429 
crores, how much of this was digital in terms of rupees crores?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Around 9% was digital. About Rs.40 odd crores.  
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Okay. Second, what was it last year 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
It was around 7% of sales last year.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
This year it is around Rs40 crores in revenues. These revenues got truncated in March 
because a lot of the things that we used to do could not be shipped in March otherwise 
it could have been about Rs47 crores this year. But yeah, over the next 3 years definitely 
this will be higher.  
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Okay. And just to kind of understand this Rs40 crores of digital revenues. What would be 
the revenue contribution of Learnflix and e-books be in this number?   
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
See out of Rs40 crores, Learnflix is only about I think a crore because we launched 
Learnflix in January end and we were starting to get traction as March year end was 
coming up. We have for obvious reason got more traction during lockdown months.  
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Hello? 
Moderator 
Excuse me this is the operator. We will just check the management’s line. Participants 
we request you all to please stay connected while we check the management’s line. 
Ladies and gentlemen thank you for patiently waiting. The line is reconnected. Sir we 
have Prashant Desai from Everstone Capital on the line. You may go ahead.  

12 
 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah, sorry, Saurabh was updating you.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah, we have major contributions from Mylestone - our curriculum product and 
Destination session - our classroom learning solution in digital revenues. Mylestone has 
of course gone completely digital during this lockdown period. Last year we did about 
Rs15 odd crores. And apart from that we have the classroom solutions which again we 
are transitioning onto the completely online platform. So we had about almost 600 
schools on Destination Success, including schools in the Middle East. Now those are also 
transitioning either onto Learnflix, or they are transitioning onto Destination Success 
online platform. So that is about Rs16 odd crores.  
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Yeah. I got it. So in terms of the breakup, roughly about Rs32-33 crores came from here. 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah. 
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
I have a question. You guys spoke about one-fourth of your inventory getting sold in the 
first quarter and that is roughly about Rs40-45 crores assuming you have a gross margin 
of about 54-55%. That would translate into Rs85-90 crore kind of a sales and you had a 
Rs100 crore receivable which you collected. So your working capital basically inventory 
plus data would more or less remain at your March number as on June. Is my 
understanding correct?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
My inventory would be lower. My receivables will also be lower than March. 
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Okay. 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
I think our working capital will be much better because my cash flows have improved.  

13 
 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
The inventory will be lower. Receivables will also be lower but obviously receivables with 
you will also add current sales. 
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
This is what I did right? From Rs334 crores of receivables, I added about Rs80-85 crores 
and from Rs200 crores of inventory you deduct Rs45 crores.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah so it will be about Rs50-60 crores lower.  
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Okay fair enough. Sir I have a question on this, and when I read your presentation, you 
said about Rs30 crores is there as your raw material paper inventory. What I had learned 
from you guys was the fact that sometime around October-November is when you guys 
will decide to get into the production of new books. Given where we stand with respect 
to the numbers on the COVID side in terms of the rising number of cases, given the 
government is absolutely kind of very careful when it comes to mass gathering whether 
it is in religious places, schools etc. If this situation doesn’t change for example from a 
school perspective, or a mass gathering perspective, significantly around September-
October, given where we are, let’s assume the situation is where we are today, in 
September-October, would you guys then go ahead with incremental inventory buildup 
or you guys will be cautious? Just wanted to understand your mindset.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So Prashant we will be very, very cautious and we will focus on working on very light 
inventory model. And we will be monitoring the primary and secondary inventory that is 
there in the market, with our channel partners, our customers, and how the market is 
responding towards the requirement. But we will be looking at a very light inventory 
model for this whole complete year. We will not be looking at heavy inventory and we 
will be printing very, very cautiously. Every book, everything will be printed very 
cautiously. And we will be making sure that wastages are less, efficiencies are improved, 
and thankfully the paper prices have softened up. So that advantage will also be there 
with us. So overall our production will be very nimble on our feet is what I want to say 
on that part.  
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
So one would probably want to take away from that conversation that you just shared 
with us is that you will be on the risk averse side. It is not that you unlike in the past you 
ended up building inventory in the hope to do sales, assuming the situation is where it is 
today, you will probably play on the defenses.  

14 
 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Very cautious. Very, very cautious. Very, very careful. 
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Excellent thank you. Now one more question. About Rs25 crores is what we have taken 
as provision on slow moving, bad debts, etc. I wanted to understand from Saurabh, 
should we sitting as investors look at a Rs20-25 crore number as a recurring number, 
given the size of your balance sheet in terms of inventory debtors as something as a 
recurring theme? Because that is precisely what the experience has been. Through that I 
wanted to understand, of that Rs300 odd crores of debtors that you have now with the 
incremental sales that you have done, how much of this is actual sales and how much of 
this is on a sale on return basis? So tomorrow if the inventory doesn’t get sold, can the 
dealer give it back to you and therefore convert that debtor into inventory? What does 
the contract say?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah so of course he can return back the unsold books. But this year we have already 
informed our dealers that they cannot return back more than 10%. Having said that we 
have already provisioned in the financials, an average return of about 17%.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
We have already taken a Rs100 crore sales return provision this year also. Last year also 
it was around Rs100 crores albeit on a higher base. And this year also we have taken a 
closing provision in books of Rs100 crores. That is why my net revenue is lower. If you 
look at my net revenue it is about Rs429 crores whereas if you look at the kind of 
collections that I have made, actual money received during FY20 is about Rs520 crores. 
Similar thing happened one year back. So I think a lot of the aggressive sales that we 
probably did in earlier years, we have corrected most of that and we focus completely 
on liquidating the channel inventory in the last year and half, and that is what you can 
see in our cash flows. If you see at Rs795 crores, operating cash flows of Rs38 crores, at 
Rs429 crores the operating cash flows are at Rs49 crores and this could have been at 
least Rs120 odd crores if we had got the full collections. So we are completely working 
on getting the cash in faster, ensuring we are light on debtor and inventory. So in terms 
of your provision for doubtful debt, it is about Rs45 crores cumulatively that is already 
there in books which I feel is a very, very high amount as far as I am concerned. We have 
taken that provision just to ensure that we do not have any further issues in terms of 
write-offs. I would say our average write off for any year has not been more than Rs7-8 
crores. So comfortably placed as far as trade receivables are concerned. I think that the 
amount to be collected maybe slightly higher than what is there in the books. But we 
have been very conservative.  

15 
 
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
So it would be fair to say that next year if we are sitting at the same time and one were 
to look at your cash flow statement, things for provision for your slow moving 
inventories and impairment of investment  etc. will not appear. Would it be fair 
assumption? Or is it going to be a very small number.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So the provisions for – as the total investments outside the group is only about Rs20-22 
crores and the value of these investments is far higher. All three of the entities including 
TestBook is about I think around 8X of what we have invested. Smartivity is I think 6-7X 
of what we have invested. And Edutor is probably started doing very well in the last 
year. So in terms of investments I don’t see any provision for the investments outside 
the group. In terms of inventory, because there is the upcoming new education policy 
there may be a provision in the next year. We will only know once the new education 
policy comes and we see what it contains in terms of how much changes are there in 
that policy from the current syllabus. But we have been conservative and we have made 
certain provisions already. Receivables, I do not see any incremental provision at all. 
Whatever normally is there about Rs8-10 crores, will continue next year. But it will not 
be very, very high.   
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Now my last question for Saurabh. Saurabh you said our liquidity situation seems to be 
in control given that you have collected about 100 crores. What would be our cash today 
in our hand? What would be our gross debt?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
As on March end, it was Rs215 crores. So my sense is that my gross debt as on today 
would be slightly lower around Rs205 odd crores or so. And in terms of cash we have 
about Rs30 crores liquidity. So net debt would be around Rs175 crores at this point of 
time. 
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
And the balance Rs70 crores would have gone towards expenses and payables, right? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yes. So in fact we have barely taken any moratorium from any of the banks. Our total 
moratorium amount is about Rs3-5 odd crores which included just two instalments of 
certain term loans. So and in terms of the payments, yes we have paid our paper 
suppliers on time, all of them. And our operating expenses during this quarter have been 
far lower because  the other costs apart from salary costs have been very, very low 
because again we have got rental waivers in most of the cases, at least to the extent of 

16 
 
50%. There was not traveling in between. And in terms of employee costs also we have 
taken cuts as high as 60%, as low as 15%. So across we have been very, very 
conservative as far as cash is concerned, seeing that there is – the visibility is low but 
we’d like to be sitting with cash for any eventuality coming in the next 3-4 months. 
Moderator 
Excuse me, this is the operator. Participants, the line for the management has dropped. 
Please stay connected while we reconnect them. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for 
patiently waiting. The line is reconnected. Sir you may go ahead.  
Mr. Prashant Desai – Everstone Capital 
Yeah, no. I got it Saurabh. If I have anything, I will join back in the queue.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Thank you.  
Moderator  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Agarwal from Kotak Mahindra 
Bank. Please go ahead.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
A very good afternoon sir. Sir I have one query regarding the sales. So I think I probably 
missed that part. How much of the sales have you booked till date in current fiscal?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
I can give you the billing number which is not an audited number as of now. It is around 
Rs90-95 crores for Q1 quarter as on date.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
Okay, okay. And how much of this Rs95 crores would be on back of digital products? Like 
Learnflix or other apps? Mylestone and other digital applications?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Out of the Rs95 crores, I think around Rs6 crores would be that.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
Okay only Rs6 crores would be on digital.  

17 
 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
Okay, okay. And also last point regarding the debtors. So as you mentioned that roughly 
we can expect around Rs350 crores of debtors as on June end.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Receivables as on March is Rs334crores and it should be lower by about 10 crores to 
around Rs320 crores. Give and take Rs5-10 crores, it will be around that 
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
Okay. So the amount of receivables is mainly because the collections would have of 
course been low due to COVID. That is the major reason or year on year since March is 
of course the peak season. The debtors around Q1 end are of this value only? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
There has been a delay of approx. 45 days during this quarter where there was low 
collections till early May. And only after that the book shops started opening and then 
the collections started moving. Having said that, even during the lockdown we were 
fortunate enough to get around Rs25 crores collections from our channel partners, 
which is very encouraging for us. But despite the lockdown people were honoring their 
commitments. And that is what we are seeing right now also. So I mean of course till the 
time they liquidate inventory, they will also not be in a position to pay us completely but 
fortunately things are improving quite a bit and we are seeing a lot of liquidity flow 
come in, in the last 4-5 days.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
Okay. That’s it sir. And sir on the inventory front, how much of inventory would you be 
having by the end of June?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Very difficult to say off hand but I would in my best estimate say that we would be lower 
by about Rs35-40 crores. 
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
So roughly I would say Rs150-Rs160 crores is what you would be having. And any time 
frame by when we expect to liquidate this inventory?    

18 
 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
See our base inventory should be around, what we have guided for the end of the 
season at about Rs120 crores last year. And if we factor in sales coming in by September, 
I think we should be hitting that number. Of course there will be a base inventory of 
Rs80 crores to Rs100 crores at any point of time in this business.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
Great! Got it sir. And any specific order that has been canceled due to the fact that there 
were no shipments during the lockdown? Or are most of them have just been delayed 
and not canceled?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
To be honest there would be some cancelation where supplies could not happen but still 
no large order was canceled because of supplies. We would say that there have been 
delays but not cancellations. There is time being taken right now because lot of schools 
are not opening and a lot of areas are under containment where supplies cannot go. So 
those kinds of challenges are there. But any large order being canceled I don’t think so. 
Anyway, no single school accounts for more than I think 1% to 2% of my revenues. So no 
single customer is large enough to impact sales. 
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank 
Yeah. Great sir! Thank you. Thanks for the opportunity.  
Moderator  
Thank you. The question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investments. Please 
go ahead.  
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
Yeah hi, thank you. My first question is if I go back to FY19, we had roughly a difference 
of approx. Rs270 crores of sales versus FY18. That was due to multiple reasons including 
lower sales, higher sales returns etc. And there was an expectation that some of these 
was flow through during the year. But if I see they didn’t flow through. So how does the 
business work? If the March sales does not happen, the sales are lost forever or you 
know does somebody else claim that share?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
You are talking about what? FY20 or FY19? 
 

19 
 
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
FY19.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
FY19 reported sales was lower on back of higher sales return, higher provisioning etc. In 
terms of gross sales, we were almost at the same level as FY18. But FY20 of course we 
have been impacted by this pandemic and some of the sales then got shifted to H1.  
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
No, my question is you know there was a shortfall from FY18 to FY19 because of 
multiple factors which impacted as you explained last time. So you know did this sales 
flow through in June or September because the numbers did not seem to reflect any of 
these sales which were not completed in FY19. So they did not flow through. I am just 
trying to understand if the sales does not happen in March, why does it not follow up in 
June or September quarter. Because it didn’t flow through the last year. So did we lose 
market share? And so my next question is, the shortfall which is happening during this 
time, how likely are we to get that sales flowing through in the year? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Under normal circumstances, in terms of school sales your academic session normally 
starts in March-April. So most of what you would supply to the K-12 market would finish 
by end of April and after that it should start and very little supplies would go from May 
onwards to December, because that’s once the session starts, then only supplementary 
books are purchased by students. So in terms of flow over to the next academic year, 
maximum to the extent of April in a normal circumstance it would happen. This year of 
course since schools have not opened and there was a lockdown and supplies could not 
go, so it would stretch up to maybe July-August this year. Or even September.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Also, 100% of the sales will not be recovered that we have lost in March. We have said in 
the last conversation to one of the persons who was asking questions as well in the call 
that the majority of the sales we are hopeful that we will be able to recover in that time. 
How much we will be able to recover is very difficult to say at this point of time, but yes, 
students are willing to buy books because they are sitting at home even they are doing 
online learning, they still need support material, they still need text books to refer from. 
And that is already happening and we have seen the collection in the sales happening. 
But I am sure that we will not be able to recover 100% of the lost sales of March. But 
majority of the sales we are hopeful that we will be able to recover hopefully till 
December.  
 

20 
 
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
Okay. Would that be a 75-80% range which you think you will be able to recover?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
It is difficult to say sir. Difficult to say at this point of time because the situation is very, 
very fluid. As you know Bombay is also under Section 144 and these kinds of situations 
where lockdown is extended for couple more days in many cities across the country like 
Guwahati is under lockdown right now, what will happen to Delhi, where we are heading 
we also don’t know. Very fluid. So all these situations are very, very fluid. And to give 
you any kind of a solid number at this point of time is very difficult.  
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
Okay, okay. And of the many companies that you have like New Saraswati House, 
Madhuban etc which of these have been the most impacted?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Basically our bigger companies in the group include S. Chand, Madhuban and Saraswati 
which have the CBSE/ICSE focus, and Chhaya which focuses on the West Bengal state 
board. So these are primarily four large companies that we have in the group. All these 
three companies except Chhaya have been impacted since they have a similar customer 
base which you have focused on CBSE and ICSE schools. Chhaya works primarily in West 
Bengal state board which has a different kind of a sales cycle and therefore the impact 
has been less because of the different sales cycle.  
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
Okay. And could you also explain the competitive environment as to how your 
competition is behaving. Is everyone suffering or how do you see your market share 
shaping up in the past 2-3 years and how do you see it going forward?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
See market share I will not say has shrunk but we have been very careful in dealing with 
those customers who have not been paying us on time or who we feel could have 
defaulted on their payments. Plus we were very careful in making sure that the return 
that we take next year on the sales are reduced so that the inventory is reduced, so that 
the sales is not done in the market will come back to us. So all those things if you see the 
net market share of the group has not shrunk. And we believe that going forward 
education is a primary objective of any family. Any parent will want to give their child 
the best they can. And printed material, plus digital material, both would be given 
simultaneously to the child. So the child will not only study with print, and will not only 
study with digital. The child requires both. And we already have solutions, we are giving 
blended learning solutions. We are offering a new solution which we will be launching 

21 
 
soon as I said in my opening comments as well. And we are offering all kinds of 
solutions, that the customer demands today in the market. So we believe education as a 
sector is bullish and we will continue to work in that sector. We have been working for 
the last 8 decades and hopefully we will continue to do the same.  
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
And one question on your provisioning, you said you have done a provisioning of Rs45 
crores, that is roughly 10% of your sales. Now this is on back of you have been saying 
that you have been tightening your distributors, you have been eliminating and that 
exercise has been happening for over a year. Even then why do you require such high 
provisioning? S. Chand is a very old brand. A very strong brand. So where are these 
defaults or estimated defaults coming from? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
No, incremental provisions will be about Rs11 crores this year. Rs45 crores is the 
cumulative provision that is there over the last 3-4 years.  
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
Okay, okay. So the eventual loss is much lower as you said. 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah, yeah eventual loss is much lower. If you look at our average write-off, this year the 
write-off is about Rs5 crores and last year the write-off was about Rs9 crores So there is 
an improvement of about Rs4 crores in the actual write-off. In terms of provisioning last 
year we made a provision of about Rs10 crores, this year it is about Rs16 crores. So there 
we have been a bit careful in terms of you know especially where the schools directly 
have to pay, there we have taken a slightly higher provision because schools are not 
getting fees and all that. So that is a bit of a challenge. That is why we thought we will 
take a slightly higher provision this year. But eventually that converting into actual write-
offs is less. Actual trajectory of write-offs is much lower and has actually gone down by 
almost Rs4 crores.  
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
And one last question. You said the provision estimated billing for Q1 is approximately 
Rs95 crores. Now is that gross or net? And how do I connect the billing with revenue?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
That is gross. That will convert into around Rs80 crores net, give or take a few. 
 

22 
 
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
Alright. Sir that’s just 20 crores more than your last year number. Also, out of your Rs160 
to Rs180 crores sales loss during Q4FY20, do you expect the bulk of that to come by the 
September quarter? Roughly even if it is an 80% number.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So let me explain. Optically it looks like only Rs20 crore or so higher but you have to look 
at the breakup of sales between K-12 and Higher education segment to understand the 
story. So last year a lot of what we did in Q1 was higher education sales. This year it 
looks like Higher education sales has shifted from Q1 to Q2. This year Q1 reflects mostly 
K-12. So higher education sales is insignificant during this quarter as far as we are 
concerned. As of now, there is no visibility on when the new semester will open for 
colleges. Admissions are also not starting at a good pace – that is why the channel is also 
not picking up too much. We are also not keen to supply because till the time there is 
visibility, we don’t want to produce and supply. And we are getting a lot of enquiries as 
far as e-books is concerned. So their inventory risk is much, much lower. I mean there is 
no risk in inventory as far as e-books is concerned. So we prefer that route but we will 
see how it plays out.  
Mr. Anuj Sharma – M3 Investments 
Alright.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aasim Bharde from IDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
Hi good afternoon. Sir I have a question on your FY20 revenue. Just to dial back first. Sir 
you were expecting a top line of about Rs650 to Rs700 crores in FY20, prior to the 
problem that happened in Q4. For the FY21 sales period assuming a normal business 
period then, can we expect at least a Rs650 crores odd revenue for the full year? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Assuming everything goes back to normal and schools and colleges start opening up, 
yes.  
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
So Rs650 odd crores assume for the year and any shift of revenue from FY20 would be 
over and above that. 

23 
 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yes.  
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
Okay. And second question, sir in FY20 your gross margin at a consolidated level has 
dipped by around 400 odd bps was mainly because of raw material and publication 
expenses. So could you help us understand what happened here?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
No so in terms of the raw material cost I would say our paper purchase were much 
lower. Because of the volumes being lower, the production cost is slightly higher 
because we had smaller print lots this year. So, they were slightly higher cost of 
production. But then the benefit that you get is in terms of not having extra inventory. 
And secondly, we have taken a slightly higher provision for discounts at the end of the 
year as compared to the previous year. So that has had a direct impact on the margins. 
So I would say that, there is a 4% delta around gross margins – 2% would be on the 
production cost and another 2% would be on account of incremental discounts which 
we anticipate we will give to the market because again to be sure that the actual 
liquidation of inventory happens by a dealer.  
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
Okay. Okay just last question. Sir when we talk about e-books, I would assume e-books 
would have a lower working capital requirement versus a normal printed book right at 
the school level?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
In terms of e-books there is no working capital requirement. It is just the cost of the 
platform that is there.  
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
Even at the K-12 level? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yes. There is no production cost in an e-book. It is just a onetime digital cost creation 
that happens which we already have. We already have over 4,000 titles in digital form 
out of the total 7,000 plus titles that are available for sale on various sites. So that 
incremental cost in terms of converting to digital is not there. Currently they are in PDF 
form but if you convert it to e-pub or some other html, that may have a onetime cost 
but that would not be very significant.  

24 
 
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
But then theoretically if your e-books as a percentage of overall revenue or say rather 
digital and e-books both as a particular revenue increases, will your overall working 
capital start to come down from the current level? Is that a fair understanding?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
It will definitely come down. Definitely. That is an ideal situation. If you sell only e-books, 
there is no working capital requirement as far as I am concerned.  
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
Right, right. But the schools will not really create a problem over here is what I am 
assuming from what you have said.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Problems in terms of? 
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
So what my understanding is, in the printed book portion, what happens is you sell to 
distributors, distributors sell to schools right? And that is where the whole working 
capital problem arises. If you move the platform, this entire chain gets side stepped. So 
your working capital improvement should be better. That is what my understanding was. 
That is correct right? That is what you just said.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Are you trying to say the channel network goes away? I don’t think that is a real 
scenario. We would continue to need support of our channel partners. We were talking 
about deployment in about – we reach out to about almost 15000-16000 schools. Doing 
implementation, doing providing all of this for each of the schools, we will need channel 
partners. So it is not that we can do without channel partners. Yes, the cost involved in 
keeping inventory on our part and their part would not be there. That portion would go 
away. But I think there would be a no credit period issues, I don’t think that is a feasible 
scenario. The inefficiencies of physical book distribution, the returns will not be there in 
an ideal scenario. But yeah I would say there would be about 40-50% improvement but 
the credit cycle in terms of payment I don’t think so will be so much. Cost cycle – the 
production cost cycle would definitely be better. But again I don’t see that happening in 
a 100% case where everyone needs only digital. 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
I think this is a very theoretical scenario. At best, it can be a blended solution which 
would be both physical and digital.  

25 
 
Mr. Aasim Bharde – IDFC Securities 
Right sure. Thanks sir.  
Moderator  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Jinesh Joshi 
from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher 
Yeah just one question. On slide 5 you have stated that we are developing a new online 
learning platform. So if you can just talk a bit about it what are the cost dynamics, what 
is the investment that is required and what is the revenue potential of this platform.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Yeah. See in terms of the cost dynamics it is not very large. Maximum cost involved in 
this is about Rs1.5 Crores and that is again over the next 12 months. It will be the 
complete suite. And the features are already there in the presentation so I will not get 
into that. We will test market it in August-September, we will do a pilot with a few 
schools, understand – see ultimately it has to be a solution which solves the problems 
for schools to deliver educational content in a 50/50 kind of physical/digital teaching 
scenario post covid where half the children are coming to school and half the children 
are not coming or maybe completely children staying at home. So that is the kind of 
solutions to enable the school to deliver teaching. I don’t see substantial revenue 
coming this year because most of the schools have already been supplied But this will 
surely become something that will help us get better traction with schools in the next 
financial year. And maybe increase our penetration in terms of the number of books in 
schools. Because if you give all the books in a platform or you give all group books in a 
single platform to the school, it will work much better. So we are launching it to enable 
schools and increase our engagement with schools, make it more sticky. So exact in 
terms of revenue we are not yet targeting too much of numbers at this point of time. 
We will take it as it goes. And once we do a few pilots we will understand if we are 
actually solving the problems for the school or not. So that we feel at this point of time 
where a lot of schools are facing these challenges, we have taken a feedback and we try 
to work around what their issues are. And that is why we are coming up with this 
platform.  
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher 
Yeah. Just one follow up. Will it require any kind of investment in hardware?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Not at all, not at all, not at all. We are absolutely not getting into any hardware 
deployment in any other schools. But everybody has got devices. Everybody has got 

26 
 
tablets. Teachers have their own devices. Schools have their own devices. We are a 
complete cloud-based solution and we will not be setting up any hardware in any 
system.  
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher 
Fair enough. Thank you so much.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Thank you.  
Moderator  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
So thanks a lot everyone for sparing your time. And we hope that everybody and their 
families be safe and take care of yourselves. And hopefully we should be coming out of 
this COVID situation soon. And let’s hope all the best for this year, coming year. Thanks 
so much for giving the time.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd. 
Thank you so much. Thank you.  
Moderator  
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher Private 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines.  
 
