 
 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25,P.J. Towers 
Dalal Streets 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539940 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Name of Scrip: MAXVIL 
 
 
SUB:  TRANSCRIPT OF THE EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL FOR Q1 FY 2021 HELD ON 
AUGUST 04, 2020  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of Earnings Conference Call conducted by the Company for 
Q1 FY 2021 on Tuesday, August 04, 2020. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
 
Saket Gupta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“ Max Ventures and Industries Limited  
Q1 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAHIL VACHANI - MD & CEO - MAX VENTURES AND 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. NITIN KANSAL - CFO, MAX VENTURES AND 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RISHI RAJ - CHIEF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OFFICER, 
MAX VENTURES AND INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAMNEEK JAIN - CEO - MAX SPECIALITY FILMS 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT RAJPUT - CEO -- MAX ASSET SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MR. NITIN THAKUR – INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
Q1 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of 
the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sahil Vachani, MD and CEO, Max Ventures and Industries Limited for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sahil Vachani: 
Good Morning, ladies, and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on the Max Ventures & 
Industries Q1FY21 Earnings Conference Call. Along with me today I have MaxVIL’s 
experienced senior management team on the call. We have our CFO – Mr. Nitin Kansal, 
Mr. Rishi Raj - Chief Business Development officer, Mr. Ramneek Jain - CEO of our 
Packaging Films, Mr. Rohit Rajput - CEO of Max Asset Services, Mr. Nitin Thakur – 
Director, Brand & Communication of Max Group. We also have SGA – our Investor 
Relations advisors on the call.  
 
Thank you everyone again for joining the call and I hope you and everyone around you is 
safe and in good health.  
 
Let me first start by giving you a strategic view of where MaxVIL is:  
 
We continue to cement our position in commercial real estate business while speciality 
films is proving to be a dependable cash-generator. 
 
In real estate, timely and high-quality completion of Max House demonstrates that we 
can create high quality office complexes on schedule, faster than most other developers 
and within budgets. 
 
We have strong project pipeline with high teen IRRs and proven access to international 
high pedigree financial partners such as NYL to enable asset light growth. In 
discussion with other funds to tap into new (and distressed) opportunities in Gurgaon 
 
Our real estate business is net-zero debt. Our internal stress-tests show that we can 
navigate even longer than expected economic slowdown.  

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Uncertain business environment has impacted fresh office-leasing but Grade A office 
assets in Delhi NCR will revive faster and we can benefit from distressed 
opportunities.  
 
EBIT, Contribution Margin in Speciality Packaging will remain firm due to continued 
demand, lower RM prices, reduction in supply overhang and MSFL’s continued push 
on value added strategy to increase speciality mix.   
 
Let me now give a more detailed business performance overview followed by financial 
highlights 
 
Q1FY21 has been a strong quarter for MaxVIL recording a revenue of Rs. 2,586 Mn. 
MaxVIL recorded its highest ever operational EBITDA & PAT of Rs. 470 Mn & Rs. 131 
Mn respectively in Q1FY21, if we exclude the Q1FY20 quarter where a one-off sale 
transaction was undertaken for a small portion of Max Towers to institutional investors and 
a partial stake sale of our investment in FSN E-commerce ventures, the holding company of 
Nykaa business.  
Rishi Raj: 
I am very pleased to announce that we have received completion certificate for our second 
Grade A+ commercial offering – Max House phase 1 comprising of 1,05,000 Sq. Ft. 
leasable area. The project will be launched for leasing in the current month - August 2020.  
We did our first ever digital launch for the channel partners for this project in July. 
 
Max House is strategically located with excellent accessibility and connectivity to the entire 
NCR and will be the only Grade A+ office in that area. It will have similar components of 
our ‘WorkWell’ philosophy that have been appreciated by tenants at Max Towers. We have 
also worked extensively with our infra and tech partners to ensure that the complex has the 
best-in-class health and hygiene features and SoPs.  
 
We expect to attract a similar reputed tenant profile for Max House like of Max Towers 
which comprises head offices of Indian & Foreign Multinational companies. We have 
developed product & pricing innovation for this project and thus confident to achieve 
respectable occupancy levels by end of FY21. Work for the phase 2 of the project, with a 
similar leasable area as phase 1 is expected to commence in Q3FY21. 
 
In spite of disruptions caused due to COVID-19, our rental collections in Max Towers are 
healthy at more than 90% which is a testimony to our strong & reputed tenant profile. The 
total leased area in Max Towers now stand at ~2,75,000 Sq. Ft. which includes both the 
Max Estates and for investors which Max Estates holds the leasing rights. Leased area 
attributable to Max Estates stands at ~140,000 Sq. Ft. As lockdown started easing, we have 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 20 
witnessed increased enquiries for our office space in Max Towers and Max House as well 
though new leasing activity in the industry remained slow as occupiers reassess their office 
space requirements. With increased enquiries and footfalls, we expect to start gaining back 
the leasing momentum from H2 FY21, which was impacted due to COVID-19. 
 
For our next Grade A+ commercial project – Max Square, located at Noida Expressway, all 
statutory approvals including building plan, environmental clearance e.t.c. is in place in a 
record time of 5 months despite COVID led lock down of 3 months in between. We expect 
to commence the construction in Q2FY21 itself. ‘Max Square’ is approximately a 0.7 Mn 
Sq. Ft. project designed to house commercial office space as well as F&B, entertainment 
areas and other amenities. It will re-define the office offering in this micro market 
addressing the current pain points of occupiers while also factoring in future needs 
implementing our WorkWell philosophy. And, all of this in a competitive price bracket of 
USD 1 per square feet per month. New York Life is a 49% investment partner with us in 
this project. This will be Max Estates largest project till date. Max Estates will be 
responsible for the final delivery of the project and will be entitled to a development fee on 
the project. The project is targeted to be delivered by Q4FY23. 
 
The distressed project – Delhi One which we had bid for is still under NCLT hearings. We 
have already received approval from the committee of creditors and been declared as a 
‘Successful Resolution Applicant’. Our resolution plan is with NCLT for final approval, 
which got delayed due to the lockdown. We expect to get the final clearance by end of 
FY21. 
 
In our last call, we updated you about several business development initiatives including 
innovative product and pricing solutions like ‘Zero Capex Plans’ addressing cash 
conservation needs of the occupiers looking to re-locate to new office space. We also 
updated that we are investing in getting ready with Digital toolkit to build awareness, 
generate leads as well as engage clients keeping in mind travel restrictions. I am delighted 
to share that these initiatives are not only implemented in time but also generating positive 
outcomes for us as enquiries have started increasing. Let me share an example – The virtual 
tour of Max Tower office asset has been now used by our team with several decision 
makers / influencers at the client based outside Delhi NCR as well as India and has helped 
in the shortlisting of our asset for further considerations.   
 
During Q1FY21, many large occupiers have started reassessing their office space 
requirements and firming up plans to move from expensive, old & strata sold offices to 
developer owned & managed offices with reasonable rentals to save on costs without 
compromising on quality and safety. Max Estates is targeting such tenants currently located 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 20 
at expensive and old office spaces in Delhi & Gurgaon. The company is witnessing 
enquiries with such relocation intent. 
 
We expect occupiers will prefer Grade A+ developer managed office spaces in Delhi NCR 
which offer safety, security, continuity of operations and healthy working environment. Our 
office spaces are well equipped with high end new age technologies which are necessary to 
monitor and implement safety and social distancing measures to provide a hygienic and 
healthy working environment to our tenants. 
 
Work from home may impact demand but at the same time de-densification and de-
consolidation of office space may counterbalance this decrease. We believe that demand for 
commercial offices in NCR will be impacted in short term, but supply is also expected to 
fall due to few NCR based developer’s inability to complete the projects on account of their 
overstretched balance sheets and lack of liquidity. Hence as a result, lower demand will be 
counter balanced to an extent by lower supply. 
 
Max being a credible brand with focus on Grade A+ commercial office segment, strong 
balance sheet with zero net debt and access to Institutional Equity capital is well placed to 
capture the market, as industry grapples with consolidation. 
Rohit Rajput: 
Now let me give brief highlights about Max Asset Services & Max Investments 
 
I am happy to update that Max Asset Services – our real estate focused service vertical has 
delivered its second managed office project at Max Towers for a Fortune 500 client. MAS 
has been playing a pivotal role in implementing new age technology tools such as mobile 
app, video analytics, advanced air filtration techniques, visitor management etc. in offices 
which are essential to provide pleasant experience to the tenants along with ‘zero tolerance’ 
for any lapse with respect to health and safety of our tenants – a promise core to our 
WorkWell philosophy. We expect many tenants to avail services on this premise going 
forward. 
 
At Max Investments, we continue to engage with many RE-tech start-ups implementing 
technology that will aid us to implement our WorkWell philosophy to drive both emotional 
and physical well-being of our tenants. 
Ramneek Jain: 
 Now coming to our packaging films vertical – MSFL 
 
Q1FY21 has been a very strong quarter for our packaging films vertical. Our manufacturing 
facilities being covered under essential services continued to operate smoothly even under 
lockdown during Q1FY21. 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
We expect a strategic shift in consumption pattern with people moving towards packaged 
food vs. open food purchase which should result in shift towards branded product 
consumption. Both support MSFL as demand of packaging materials will increase leading 
to new business opportunities. 
 
We continue to be one of the preferred suppliers to the brands as MSFL brings innovation 
and new technologies with one of the world’s most advanced BOPP facilities and a backing 
of a global leader in printing & packaging technology – TOPPAN. 
 
Increased adoption of packaging foods from brands will enhance packaging films demand. 
As consumer is becoming more aware and sensitive towards health and safety of packed 
foods, MSFL is leading the way by targeting anti-microbial and anti-viral films. MSFL is 
working with stakeholders to quickly commercialize these films and also growing speciality 
exports through direct customers and Indian customers with global presence. 
 
We continue to move up the value chain with higher share of value-added speciality films, 
while keeping a tight control on costs enabling us to steadily expand our profitability 
margins. As a result, our EBIT almost tripled to Rs. 400 Mn in Q1FY21 as compared to Rs. 
140 Mn in Q1FY20 and EBIT margins expanded YoY to 15.9% in Q1FY21 from 5.7% in 
Q1FY20. MSFL reported a revenue of Rs. 2,512 Mn, in Q1FY21, up by 3% YoY. Net 
external Debt in our packaging films business has come down to INR 3,988 Mn as of 30th 
June 2020 and we aim to continue on this path of de-leveraging the business using surplus 
cash flows.   
 
Best of the Brands like HUL, Pepsi, ITC, Nestle and many other global players have chosen 
us as a preferred partner to develop innovative packaging solutions directly for them and 
ensure faster speciality commercialization 
 
In line with our value led strategy, we have planned to set up a new metallizer line which is 
expected to be up and running by the third quarter of FY 2020-21. This line will not 
increase overall capacity because the base film remains the same, but it will enhance 
MSFL’s ability to improve the value-added speciality component in its product category 
even further. This new Metallizer Line is being developed at an investment of Rs. 30 crores 
contributed by MaxVIL & its strategic partner Toppan in the ratios of their existing 
shareholding that is 51:49. 
 
With favourable domestic and exports demand, stabilized supply, and improved 
realisations, we expect healthy profitability to continue in coming quarters and financial 
year. 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Nitin Kansal: 
Let me give you the financial highlights for the Q1FY21 
 
Consolidated Revenue for Q1FY21 stood at Rs. 2,586 Mn. as compared to Rs. 4,255 
Mn in Q1FY20 
 
Q1FY21 Financials cannot be compared to Q1FY20 as during Q1FY20, we had 
recorded one-off sale transaction of Rs. 1,618 Mn in Max Towers and recognised gain 
from partial stake sale of Rs. 185 Mn in Nykaa 
 
Hence, excluding these one-off transactions, revenue has in fact increased by 5.4% 
YoY from Rs. 2,452 Mn in Q1FY20 to Rs. 2,586 Mn in Q1FY21.  
 
Let me for better comparison give profitability numbers on adjusted basis for these 
transactions  
 
EBITDA for Q1FY21 stood at Rs. 470 Mn as compared to Adjusted EBITDA of Rs. 
147 Mn (INR 566 Mn adjusted by profits of Nykaa (185 Mn) and Sale of part of Max 
Towers (INR 234 Mn) in Q1FY20, up by 220% YoY 
 
Consolidated EBITDA Margins for Q1FY21 stood at 18.2% as compared to adjusted 
EBITDA margins of 5.9% in Q1FY20, expansion of 1220 bps YoY 
 
Consolidated Profit before tax stood at Rs. 237 Mn in Q1FY21 as compared to 
adjusted Loss before tax of Rs. 57 Mn in Q1FY20. 
 
Consolidated Profit after tax stood at Rs. 131 Mn in Q1FY21 
 
Let me now give you brief segmental financial highlights 
 
Our Real Estate business that is Max Estates Limited’s revenue stood at Rs. 47 Mn in 
Q1FY21. Of that, Lease Rental Income for Max Towers stood at Rs. 44 Mn in 
Q1FY20. We have achieved a weighted average rental of Rs. 100 per Sq. Ft. at Max 
Towers 
 
Revenue for Max Asset Services stood at Rs. 24 Mn in Q1FY21 as compared to Rs. 10 
Mn in Q1FY20, up by 140% but that is on a low base. We expect a gradual uptick in 
revenues as more management contracts get added in the portfolio 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Our Packaging Films vertical – MSFL’s revenue stood at Rs. 2,512 Mn in Q1FY21 as 
compared to Rs. 2,437 Mn in Q1FY20, up by 3.1% YoY and up by 7.4% QoQ 
 
EBIT for the packaging business stood at Rs. 400 Mn in Q1FY21 as compared to Rs. 
140 Mn in Q1FY20, up by 186% YoY and up by 83% QoQ 
 
Packaging Films witnessed a strong expansion of 1020 bps in EBIT margins from 
5.7% in Q1FY20 to 15.9% in Q1FY21. In Q4FY20 it was 9.3% 
 
Total Volumes for Packaging Films stood at 16,258 MT in Q1FY21 as compared to 
16,052 MT in Q1FY20. However, our focus is on value growth and not volume growth 
 
Value added speciality films contributed 39% to Packaging Volumes in Q1FY21 vs. 
37% in Q1FY20.  
 
Value added speciality films contributed 46% to total MSFL Revenue in Q1FY21 vs. 
43% in Q1FY20. 
 
Speciality films volume contribution was lower QoQ as demand for thermal films 
which has industrial applications were affected due to the COVID-19 lockdown 
 
Speaking about our liquidity position 
 
Gross Debt in our Real Estate Business – Max Estates stood at Rs. 1,072 Mn as on 
June-20. Cash and liquid investments stood at Rs. 1,165 Mn. Hence, on net basis, our 
Real estate business is in fact debt free 
 
We have sufficient liquidity to service the debt of Real Estate business and at the same 
time well-funded to complete the project which is currently under development 
 
Hence, we are in an extremely strong position to deliver the projects as compared to 
other developers which are facing liquidity constraints  
 
Gross external Debt in our packaging films business stood at Rs. 4,015 Mn as on June-
20. Excluding cash & liquid investments, net external debt for the business stood at Rs. 
3,988 Mn. 
 
Our Packaging Films business continues to operate with healthy margins and cash 
flows from the business are sufficient to service the debt of the business 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Now I would like to handover back to Bikram for opening the session for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. We have our first question from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My question is pertaining to your real estate business. If my understanding is correct, you 
have quarterly rental revenue around 4.4 Crores, first question is just wanted to understand 
this 4.4 Crores is derived from how much area in Max Towers, Noida. You have 0.6 million 
and if we multiple 0.6 with Rs.100 per square feet per month then the number does not 
match, so I just wanted to understand what is this 4.4 Crores, this rental it is derived from 
how much area?  
Nitin Kansal: 
We have a total area of approx. 292000 square feet leasable area at Max Towers of which 
approx. 140000 has been leased as of 30th June so the revenue which has been accounted for 
in the books is for only 140000 square feet in the quarter. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. So sir my understanding is now you have around 1.5 lakh in Max Towers, Noida and 
around 0.1 million in Max House to be leased, right sir? 
Nitin Kansal: 
Yes, 1.05 lakhs to be leased at Max House, Okhla  
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. Second question is Sir you have a big project, Max Square that is coming up in 
Q2FY2021 and also you have remaining area to be built in Max House, Okhla so Sir I know 
you have a net debt of 0, just trying to understand how will you fund these two projects 
going forward? Market is facing a little bit of difficulty in funding. I am sure Max can 
easily get funding, but just trying to understand how will you fund these two projects, Max 
Square Noida and Max House, 50% debt, 40% debt, you are trying to get some equity 
partner just trying to understand the project funding?  
Nitin Kansal: 
Biplab what is happening in the case of Max Square, Noida we have got New York Life as 
a 49% partner in the project and they have committed to deploy a total equity capital of 87 
Crores of which they have already deployed 68 Crores as we speak now. So in terms of 
total outlay for Max Square project which is close to 400 Crores, we have an equity 
commitment of 175 Crores, 51% by Max Estates and 49% by New York Life and both the 
partners have already deployed more than 80% of the liquidity in the project. This leaves us 
to raise a debt of close to 220 Crores which is required. Now this leads us to a very 
interesting question  - in our interaction with the debt providers one thing which has clearly 
come out is people have not been able to have a closure on the equity part when they are 
going for raising of the debt. In terms of Delhi NCR we would be one of the few developers 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 20 
who have already put in the money, the equity piece upfront for the completion of the 
project and as we speak today, what we are trying to say is all the cuts which are being 
provided by the RBI and the liquidity available with the bank, we are trying to make most 
of the benefit of this liquidity cut and the rate cuts available to us so for us the question is 
not about raising of the debt, it is the question of raising at the optimum pricing. So as we 
speak today we have got equity close for Max Square and we are in touch with number of 
bankers and we are just trying to optimize that cost for the debt piece which we want to 
raise.  
 
Now coming to the second question which you had asked about Max House phase 2, Max 
House phase 2 we have already funded the project in terms of acquisition of underlying land  
from a company called Pharmax Corporation. Now as we speak today the way we think 
about it that our phase 1 project which is already up and running has a potential to raise an 
LRD which is against the lease rentals of the project. As we go forward, as we 
progressively lease our Max House phase 1, by the fourth quarter of the current financial 
year we would be able to raise LRD to complete our phase 2 project. We are not looking at 
raising construction finance or debt for our phase 2 project as of now. Again very important 
part in this aspect is it is already equity funded and the sponsor is not suppose to bring in 
the equity and it brings a lot of positive vibe for the debt provider also.  
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee. Please 
go ahead. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my question was relating to our packing business. If you 
could highlight what were the spreads during the quarter versus last quarter and same 
quarter last year and whether you expect the current prices that you realize in this quarter to 
sustain on a medium term basis? 
Ramneek Jain: 
With regards to pricing, I think there are two big variables we have one is the overall 
market pricing with regards to commodity. Directionally we feel the prices should be okay 
but it is seen as high volatility which is at times beyond any strong logic, but nonetheless 
for us as far as MSFL is concerned, we think it should remain strong and primarily because 
of our continued success in value strategy that we see and so our products and the 
relationship with the customer and interdependence on each other continues to keep our 
pricing strong and linked to raw material in some cases thereby protecting our earnings. 
Nitin Kansal: 
I will just give you on the numbers. We had in the Q1 FY2020 we had EBIT margins of 
5.7% which moved on to 9.3% in Q4 FY2020 and which has further expanded to 15.9% in 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Q1 FY2021. There has been a gradual ramp up in the EBIT margins over the period of last 
three to four quarters. 
Manan Shah: 
Right but could you provide some color on the spreads between the BOPP and the PPE 
right now currently that is going on in the market? 
Ramneek Jain: 
Help me understand your question you say BOPP and PPE means? 
Manan Shah: 
Polypropylene and BOPP commodity films that we sell? 
Ramneek Jain: 
So not in terms of sourcing of raw material but you are saying the prices of the commodity 
and speciality did I get your question right? 
Manan Shah: 
It is pertaining to the commodity because I understand the speciality we would have pricing 
far better than commodity and the prices will be decided by the market sources. You know 
by the demand and supply? 
Ramneek Jain: 
Right so I think I will share a little bit on that. So commodity prices remain relatively strong 
and we see good strength and I think given the demand and supply overall of packaged 
goods increasing because of the COVID and the hygiene appreciation of that, the demand 
remains high and the supply is fairly constant in the industry. So even in commodity side 
the prices remain high relatively speaking. Obviously the speciality that I was mentioning 
earlier because of value strategy we are working hard to increase and retain the delta that 
we command on the speciality, to your specific question of commodity prices are looking 
strong.  
Manan Shah: 
Okay, Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Patrick Samuel from Gravity 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Patrick Samuel: 
Thank you for the opportunity so first of all I would just like to understand what is the 
leasing momentum that we are witnessing currently and do we expect any conversions 
happening from the enquiries that we are getting recently? Second question would be as lot 
of companies are now preferring to adopt work from home, mode of working so how do 
you see it affecting the demand going ahead and lastly about our Max Towers, have we seen 
any customer coming to us and asking for any reduction in the rental rates? 
Rishi Raj: 
So you have three questions. First question which is with respect to leasing momentum. Yes 
absolutely over last several weeks we have been seeing a significant rise in enquiries from 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 20 
week to week perspective and as we speak, we are in active discussions with some very 
solid prospective clients both for Max Towers and Max House, Okhla and we are very 
confident that some of this will get converted in Q3 of this fiscal year. So the answer on that 
is yes. With respect to overall demand scenario for office space, I think our view is very 
clear, we believe relative to other asset classes, commercial real estate will have limited 
impact and within that in particular Grade A plus office assets and developers will be least 
impacted and we will see sharper recovery. Of course the elephant in the room is around 
work from home. Work from home will have some impact. There are varying numbers out 
there maybe to the extent of 10% to 15%, but what we need to also understand are there are 
positive forces at play which we believe will counterbalance the negative impacts so as to 
say from work from home as I mentioned in my commentary, especially with respect to de-
densificaiton and diversification and that is clear in our discussions with lot of occupiers for 
the past several weeks. This is becoming a reality in the real estate strategy both de-
densification which is more space per square feet, per person, and as well as diversifying 
into multiple locations. So overall with that as well as a general acceleration one expects to 
see towards offshoring and outsourcing especially from US and European companies will 
lead to further increase in demand from a mid to long term perspective. I think the other 
important point one would need to understand is whilst demand is getting impacted in the 
near term the supply is getting impacted even more sharply so if you look at the report from 
Knight Frank for first half of 2020 the decrease in supply is 1.5 times more than the 
decrease in demand for first half 2020 and that is where we believe Grade A plus 
developers like us will benefit significantly. Coming to your third question with respect to 
rental waiver or renegotiation, none. I think we have been very successful with our tenants 
at Max Towers. While we may have supported a select few from liquidity standpoint for a 
month or so, but no rental renegotiation, no rental discount which also speaks volumes of 
the quality of the tenant which we have been able to attract at Max Towers and we are very 
confident to attract tenants with similar profile in Max House Okhla as well 
Patrick Samuel: 
Thank you so much that answers my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Singhal: 
I have a couple of questions on the films business. First of all if you can help me explain 
like if we compare our historical margins in the BOPP films with the peer set, our films 
margin has remained on the lower end because I see in presentation that approximately 40 
to 50% we have speciality films as our total sales so it is because of like we have less 
exports and more domestic sales or why is that so?  

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Ramneek Jain: 
I think it is a good question and it is a strong focus from me and my team to how to narrow 
that gap and edge forward. Some of the reasons we can say and we are studying those are 
some areas of structural improvement that we have while some may not be able to be 
addressed right away in terms of location of some of competitors to ourselves being in the 
north side away from the port that adds certain challenges at the same time we have our 
own advantages as well. So at the end of the day the effort is to be able to reduce the gap 
between us and our competitors on the earning side and I think the industry that we are in 
has a long gestation period with regards to product maturity, product stabilization and we 
are catching up on our value strategy and we had been on it for the past couple of years. I 
would say especially in the past one-and-a-half years getting in there so we have seen much 
higher traction of our speciality product. The journey requires products to take its roots and 
win the confidence of the customer and then slowly edge upwards in terms of its realization 
by continuing to add more value to the customer and I think that is the journey which we 
keep saying that is helping us but I can surely say that we have a long way to go in terms of 
continuously upgrading our product pipeline. We have a healthy line of products going in 
right now under the various stages of testing, new ones are in its infancy of the whole 
product pipeline. So I think the direction is right, the efforts on the cost side, efforts on the 
customer positioning, geographical positioning, exports versus domestic I think all of us in 
the industry we have strong worthy competitors I think we are moving up in our realization 
of the efforts that we have put in and I think in the coming quarters it is our personal goal as 
well to narrow that gap and take the lead.  
Chirag Singhal: 
That is a really good assurance from the management side and I appreciate that and that 
quite answers my question on the margin differentiation between you and the peers. My 
second question is on the current scenario which is like we are seeing robust margins in 
both BOPP and BOPET and from your standpoint BOPP so we saw 70% margin expansion 
sequential basis in Q1 in your packaging films so how are you seeing the margins? Are you 
foreseeing that Q2 will be better than Q1 or it is going to be on the same wavelength or are 
we seeing any improvement in the realization or the margins? 
Ramneek Jain: 
Well Mr. Singhal I think we had a strong Q1 and once again I would like to bring it to the 
forefront that we have a strong Q1 compared to our competitors I think because of the 
fantastic culture of the Max Group wherein we had all our employees supporting us to work 
in the most challenging of times and we take a lot of pride in that and I think that loyalty of 
the people is a very strong power for us when we say business is all about people we 
actually lived through that in the first quarter. With a strong Q1 I think Q2 is also strong 
would it be stronger than Q1 how much it is a matter of time, it has started well. On the 
question on margins, I would say that on the logical front, in terms of the demand and 
supply, in terms of the raw material, in terms of the product mix we do not see a reason why 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 20 
even the commodity side or on the pricing side we should have a negative impact. With that 
said of course industry takes its own stance, I would not call it simplicity but decision 
making of the independent competitors. Our endeavor remains to continue with passing 
dates to increase our speciality and be able to come on the higher margins that those then 
we feel quite strong about it and we feel quite confident about it.  
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay understood is it possible to give spreads, like rupees per kg if can give just to 
understand the trend of the industry what was it in Q1 FY2021 and Q4 FY2020? Gross 
margin?  
Ramneek Jain: 
Nitin you want to give some inputs on the overall margin percentages? 
Chirag Singhal: 
Percentages or maybe if you can give in absolute terms? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So Chirag we can provide you the numbers EBIT margins. As I mentioned, EBIT margins 
have increased from 9.3% to 15.9% sequentially and have increased from around 6% to 
around 16% over a period of last one year. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay fine. One more last question how many BOPP lines according to you will be on 
stream in the next 12 months just to understand the demand and supply parity of the 
industry? 
Ramneek Jain: 
In my understanding in the next 12 months we should see about two to two-and-a-half lines 
come on board when I say and-a-half it means ramp up period etc. That is what we see as 
right now but again I would like to also add that as we have taken a value strategy, me and 
my team are working strong and we foresee that EBIT should become much more immune 
or less impacted with the demand and supply on the commodity side. So that is what our 
journey is and while they will always be remaining a very strong demand for the 
commodity and thereby the supply implications of it and the traction to the market we have 
chosen to go to value strategy way and our competition to ourselves or challenge to 
ourselves is to increase in that side where you may be selling lesser volumes relatively but 
we should be able to compete and meet our goals for the stakeholders. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Alright that is it from my side. Thank you so much for your detailed explanation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Ankit Agarwal from Ark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions from the real estate business. So sir 
first question is in the current situation and environment do you expect the office rentals to 
go down as the new demand may reduce? 
Rishi Raj: 
I will take that, as far as office rental is concerned it is very difficult for us to comment on 
this at this point of time as the real impact of crisis is only be felt in due course. Having said 
that in our view the rentals for old strata sold building maybe impacted, however and this 
we are seeing playing out on the ground. For the Grade A plus building by credible 
developers, rental is holding on across NCR and we would like to point out that this is also 
evident in the last lease that we signed as we had updated last time during COVID which 
we signed at a rental more than what our weighted average rental for Max Towers is and we 
are confident as far as our Max Tower asset and Max House asset is concerned, we will able 
to preserve those rentals, especially given the demand for people who want to relocate from 
high cost expensive, strata sold in central business district for a better managed, better 
quality and the emphasis on health and safety and wellness so that is how we look at it. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Okay that is pretty positive. Sir one more question is on the Max House so when do you 
expect the phase 1 to be fully leased and what is the expected rental income? 
Rishi Raj: 
On the part 1 in terms of getting fully leased  - by first quarter of next fiscal year is our 
target ; on the expected rental I will pass it on to Nitin. 
Nitin Kansal: 
So we are expecting rentals in the range of about 15 to 18 Crores to come once Max House 
is fully leased out. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Okay fine. I have one last question it is on your investments in Nykaa. What is the current 
status of that and restaurant chain? 
Nitin Kansal: 
So Ankit what is happening we have got around half a percent holding in Nykaa. The 
Nykaa did a last round of funding in the month of April where they raised capital at a 
valuation of 1.2 Bn dollars and we are currently still holding with their investments and the 
second investment is in a company called Azure Hospitality. Although they had some 
challenges with regards to the COVID lockdown and the industry is going through a lot of 
upheaval, but the business had started in a limited fashion with the gradual opening after 
lockdown.  
Ankit Agarwal: 
Okay fine that answers all my questions. Best of luck.  
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Shivam Jhunjhunwala from Lucky 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Shivam Jhunjhunwala: 
Just had one question regarding Max Towers rental so this quarter we have done 
approximately 44 million in rentals with 140000 square feet lease while the previous 
quarter we had about 66 million we mentioned that we had more than 50% of Max Towers 
is leased so I would just like to know what change there and what can be a sustainable 
number looking forward?  
Nitin Kansal: 
Just to answer that specifically when we said 50% it is from the 50% of what we own, we 
own around 2,92,000 of which you have been we have been able to lease out close to 
1,40,000 square feet of leasable area and in the current quarter. We have a tenant called IEX 
which signed up in the phase of the lockdown. As you know in the first phase of the 
lockdown we had certain cases where the people get certain rent free set of periods for 
which the revenue is not accounted from the books of accounts. Going forward, we can 
expect as you mentioned average rentals of Rs.100, we can expect a rental of close to 1.3 to 
1.4 Crores coming to us on a monthly basis on the leases which you have signed currently.  
Shivam Jhunjhunwala: 
How do we have 66 million coming in the first couple of quarters then? 
Nitin Kansal: 
The 66 million which came in the?  
Shivam Jhunjhunwala: 
In Q4 of FY2020.  
Nitin Kansal: 
It also had the revenue which we have booked on account of the fit out which we have done 
in certain places. As we mentioned, we have done certain fit out spaces for certain people in 
a building for which the revenue 2 Crores is accounted for in the last quarter. 
Shivam Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay that answers my question, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Gautam D, an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Gautam D: 
So we have group company under senior living which is undertaking a project in NCR in 
asset light model in a joint venture with our developer so when I see the track record of the 
developer it is quite good in commercial, but residentially there has been lot of quality 
issues, incomplete projects and nonrefund of client money and also they are facing some 
litigation for 11 years with some PE investor where they have not refunded the money. So I 
just wanted to understand if both the Max entities are leveraging the same brand and in the 
same region what implications this will have on our company in medium to long term and 
how do we plan to mitigate them and particularly given that residential is a quite sensitive 
space from a regulatory and media perspective and so I am assuming senior living would be 
much more sensitive?  

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Sahil Vachani: 
Actually there is going to be no impact so I will explain to you why, primarily because 
Antara firstly is not part of Max Ventures, it is part of another listed entity called Max India 
but the joint development agreement that they have done is only on the land owned by the 
land owner and there is no development or any responsibility that the landowner has. The 
entire ownership of development, execution of the project is by Antara so there is no risk of 
any of the developer’s past issues passing on to Antara. Second going forward Antara has 
already developed one development in Dehradun and also this is their second project. They 
are extremely well positioned to provide services especially in the current times where 
health, safety and hygiene are particularly more important and also overall wellbeing is 
considered a paramount importance. So in fact we believe there is a positive rub off on the 
Max brand and impact rather than any negative rub off or any impact given that there is 
complete financial closure for the project that Antara is developing without any dependence 
on the land owner and this is not a unique model and this is done by most developers 
including Godrej amongst many others in various markets which is an asset light approach 
having said that will not comment much because it is not part of the Max Ventures 
business.  
Gautam D: 
Okay one question ahead on Max Estates so we are preferring stand alone buildings what 
my understanding is which are opportunistic purchases in leasing corridors so these are not 
city center buildings and they are not IT parks or corporate parks, there has been a lot of 
common space which can be used and lot of walking space most of the offering is within 
the building so we are not going for large buildings with large floor plate and which has a 
lot of inside common area and these are not marquee buildings like Indian Express Stars or 
a lot of buildings in Manhattan. So my question you are putting in this concrete which has a 
life of 100 years and you are taking it all on your books so just wanted to understand how 
do you feel its panning out?  
Rishi Raj: 
I think the best way to answer that question is in two folds. Number one if you look at our 
latest development which is Max House, Max House will be a part of campus and within 
that campus we very consciously will also be building provisions for amenities as needed 
by client. Number two if you look at Max Square, again Max Square the way we are 
designing this 700,000 square feet unlike of what you are seeing in that particular 
micromarket will have all the elements of wellness, F&B, for example food court and other 
amenities to take care of the needs of the occupiers. The third if you look at Delhi 1, Delhi 1 
that we have bid for and hopefully we will be able to have that in our portfolio by the end of 
this fiscal year, it is a 3 million square feet including Max towers will be almost 3.6 million 
square feet again an integrated use campus which as a combination of high street retails 
commercial office and some service departments. So our strategy is not to go for IT park 
that is not what is leading our strategy, what is leading our strategy is in NCR we first select 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 18 of 20 
what is the right micromarket to be in and in that particular micromarket what we do is we 
very seriously understand the issues and the pain points and in that particular building when 
we provide for right amenities to address that particular need and of course all of this should 
make commercial sense for our investors. So it is more market backed and customer backed 
strategy rather than product led strategy that we should do a large IT park kind of a campus 
and then figure out how do we accommodate customers in that particular product so 
hopefully that answers this.  
Gautam D: 
Sir we have built fair amount of shared assets for Max Towers which was pending so are 
they monetizable or is there an income that flows to us from these assets I mean the parking 
spaces and other stuff? 
Rishi Raj: 
Will request Rohit to take that up in terms of services to the campus. 
Rohit Rajput: 
We have got a fair amount of shared spaces and as occupancy is rising in Max Towers we 
had been monetizing these on a gradual basis. I think once we have reached 100% 
occupancy we will be able to realize the full benefits of all the shared spaced, whether it is 
the space that is used for conferences or parking or any other amenities that are getting 
created those revenues will start accruing to us in the new future.  
Gautam D: 
One book keeping question I had when you see the Q3 2020 conference transcript, I see that 
the area leased out by us was 156000 and 158000 was sold, but leasing rights with us and 
this quarter I am seeing number of 140000 and 130000 so just wanted to understand like 
what has caused this, it is a very insignificant migration but generally we have a billing 
locking are there some penalties levied on these clients or it is some other reason why these 
clients have moved out?  
Nitin Kansal: 
So if I an answer that in terms of the space which we have leased out for which we have the 
leasing rights one of the tenants might be evaluating the way forward and this is what we 
know that is the reason we have as of now reduced that number from the leasing which we 
have shown. 
Gautam D: 
Okay. That helps, that answers all my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Priyanka Singh from Atidhan 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Priyanka Singh: 
Good afternoon Sir. I had two questions. The first one is what is the company’s cost of 
debt? 

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Nitin Kansal: 
The cost of debt is sub 10% as we speak for our projects in the real estate business. 
Priyanka Singh: 
Your packaging film business performance has been great so what are the factors behind it?  
Ramneek Jain: 
So overall generally as I said in earlier comments Priyanka packaging food the demand has 
improved because for the hygiene factor, expectations and some portion of the demand 
shifting from those unorganized segment to more branded FMCG segment, that is also an 
area which is our focus area and our core area so we see a good healthy demand. The 
FMCGs are also stocking up to take care of any fluctuations in the supply chain that may 
come, so that is also keeping the demand high. The third point is that our speciality journey, 
our value strategy, where we remain strong in terms of our relation and specific value add 
we provide to the customers and those segments are remaining healthy especially with the 
organized sectors which is continuing their efforts on recyclability and so some of our value 
strategy is for the performance requirement for the antimicrobial, antiviral the other is on 
the side of the recyclability so all those put together is actually helping us a lot on speciality 
journey and as said it has gestation period so some of the work that we did last year is 
taking shape now and additionally we should be able to get to a point where market 
fluctuations should be lesser and lesser reduced impact to us because the products remain 
strong enough to add the specific value to the customer. So pricing is good, demand supply 
remains healthy, speciality needs in terms of the food packages increasing and our value 
products will continue to take a stronger traction into our customer base.  
Priyanka Singh: 
That was quite helpful. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Vikas Atri, a retail investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikas Atri: 
I would like to know the future pipeline, we have Delhi 1 where we have some clarity and 
the management had said that they will also be focusing on Gurgaon is there any update on 
the Gurgaon site?  
Sahil Vachani: 
Thank you Vikas. Sahil here I would request Rishi to answer that for you. 
Rishi Raj: 
So in terms of our pipeline while you are aware of second phase of Max House which is 0.1 
and Max Square which is 0.7 million square feet beyond that we have 4 to 5 million square 
feet in pipeline including Delhi 1 and as we speak, to specifically answer your question, we 
are evaluating couple of very good opportunities in Gurgaon and the current environment 
hopefully will help us get that at a very good price. So once more progress happens on that 
particular deal, we will come back and update you, but discussions are on.  

 
 
 Max Ventures and Industries Limited 
August 04, 2020 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Vikas Atri: 
Second question I had was that in Delhi 1 complex how much will be the commercial 
leasable area? 
Rishi Raj: 
So look in Delhi 1 as we said, currently our plan is with NCLT and we hope that should get 
cleared by the end of this fiscal year so we would not like to comment much on Delhi 1 
other than what I have already said and mentioned. Overall this will be a 3 million square 
feet and of that almost 70% will be commercial.  
Vikas Atri: 
Sir regarding Max House, Okhla there is a slight confusion that I have is the second phase 1 
lakh square feet or 1.7 lakh square feet leasable area? 
Rishi Raj: 
The leasable area for second phase is exactly same as the first phase it will be replica of 
phase 1 with 105000 square feet will be the leasable area.  
Vikas Atri: 
Okay and my last question is Arjunjit Singh is not present I think or has he left the 
company?  
Rishi Raj: 
Yes, so Arjun has decided to move on to pursue his own family business. 
Vikas Atri: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Kansal for closing 
comments. Over to you Sir! 
Nitin Kansal: 
Thanks Vikram. I hope we have been able to answer most of your query. We look forward 
to your participation in the coming investor calls. For any further queries you may reach out 
to SGA our investment relations advisor. Thank you. Be safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Max Ventures and Industries 
Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining with us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
