  
  
S.PAPPARELS LTD. 
Oy 
  
  
Regd. Office 
: 39-A, Extension Street, Kaikattipudur, AVINASHI - 641 654, Tamil Nadu, India. 
Phone : +91-4296-714000 E-mail : spindia@s-p-apparels.com 
Web 
: www.s-p-apparels.com 
CIN No.: L18101TZ2005PLCO12295 
Date 
: 20.07.2020 
  
 
  
  
  
 
The Deputy General Manager 
The Asst. Vice President 
Department of Corporate Services 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
1™ Floor, New Training Ring, 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, 
Rotunda building, P.J. Tower, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra — Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Stock Code 
- 540048. 
| Stock Code - SPAL 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
| 
2015 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference call held on 01* July 2020 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
With reference to our letter dated 29" June 2020, intimating you about the conference call 
with Analyst) Investor held on 01* July 2020, please find attached the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For S.P. 
is Limited 
Af 
Ne? 
A 
K.Vinodhini 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
  
(A GOVT. OF INDIA RECOGNISED THREE STAR EXPORT HOUSE)

Page 1 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
Transcript 
 
 
S.P. Apparels 4Q FY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
:  
1st July 2020, 16.00 HRS IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 
59 mins 52 secs 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Pavitra: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  I am Pavitra, a moderator 
for the conference call.  Welcome to S P Apparels 4QFY20 -post-results conference call 
hosted by Batlivala and Karani Securities India Pvt. Ltd.  At this moment, all participants are 
in listen-only mode, and later we will conduct a question and answer session.  At that time, if 
you have a question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  Please note this 
conference is recorded.  I would now like to hand over the floor to Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala 
from Batlivala and Karani Securities India Pvt. Ltd.  Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
 
Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala:  
Thank you, Pavitra.  Good afternoon everyone.  On 
behalf of B&K Securities, I would like to welcome you all to go through FY20 and full-year 
FY20 post result conference call of S P Apparels Limited.  From the company, we have with 
us, the senior management including Mr. P Sundararajan, chairman and managing director 
of the company, Mrs. S Latha, executive director, Mr. S Chenduran, director operation, Mrs. 
P Jeeva, CEO the garment division and Mr. V Balaji, CFO.  I would now like to hand over the 
call to Mr. P Sundararajan for the initial comments.  Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Mr. P Sundararajan 
Thank you.  Good evening everyone.  Thanks to one and all for 
participating in the call.  The last few months have been tough, not only, it has been a huge  
challenge to the whole of humanity.  Whether in this crisis has been a challenge, and we are 
proud to inform you all that we have been able to ride over this crisis successfully without 
any major financial impact until today.  I would like to talk about the COVID 19 impact.  
Regard to the garment division,  despite the uncertainty, lockdown, and supply chain 
disruptions, the company did not witness any significant order cancellation from the garment 
division export customers. This is the testimony of the company’s strength, the niche 
products, i.e., babies and kidswear.  Shipments were  kept on hold by our international 
customers due to lockdown imposed in their respective countries.  This led to a revenue loss 
of rupees 250 million in Q4FY20.  We are witnessing significant recovery in the order inflow 
from the customers since May 2020.  Customers are placing new orders based upon the 
season and number of stores they have opened.  Few customers have postponed the orders 
while others have placed the order with the lesser quantity.  No significant loss of revenues 
due to order cancellation.  Whichever order that was canceled during the month of April 
2020, customers for those orders have either now reinstated those orders or have accepted 
to pay liability depending upon the order status. Our current order book is at rupees 210 
crores.  Regarding operational impact, all the factories and corporate office were closed from 
the 25th of March as per action from the government authorities.  With the permission of the 
local authorities, the company has resumed its plant operation from 11th May 2020 onwards 
over different dates for different factories.  As of today, all the factories are operating at 
around 60% capacity due to the social distancing norms imposed by the government 
authorities.  The company supported all the migrant employees for their stay and food in the 

Page 2 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
hostel premises while ensuring all the safety and social distancing norms.  One portion of the 
migrant workforce moved back to their hometowns during May and June 2020.  We are 
expecting the migrant employees to return in another five to six weeks’ time.  Indian currency 
depreciated significantly in Q4FY20 compared to last year.  This impacted our hedging 
position and resulted in .F.C. restatement loss of about 40 million for the Q4FY20.  Foreign 
currency appreciation and the loss of revenue due to a pandemic is expected to impact the 
hedges and may see an impact in Q1 and Q2FY21 also.  The company has announced a 
reduction of working days to the extent of 30% to all staff and all employees, including the 
senior management till September 2020.  Small rented factories are in the process of 
consolidation with big factories, which will reduce the operating overheads going forward 
considerably.  The company has consolidated on workmen transportation, and this will 
reduce the transportation cost by 30%.  Our strategy going forward, a robust, comprehensive 
business continuity plan as a response to disruption due to Covid19 with a focus on 
customer engagement, continuous cost reduction, calibrated expansion plan, business 
strategy realignment, employee productivity, and efficient utilization of .T.I.T. enabled 
systems, focus on liquidity management, capital preservation, and operating leverage.  Then 
the next one is the priority for FY21.  Focus on calibrated growth and operating leverage, 
maintain adequate capital and liquidity, continued reduction in operating expenses, improved 
margin profile by product mix improving production efficiency, reduction in overheads, and 
efficient raw material consumption,  the efficient use of technology and .T.I.T. enabled 
systems to increase productivity and efficiency.  Now I would like to mention about the retail 
division.  All stores, large format stores, and MBOs were closed during lockdown period 
effective from 21st March 2020, but certain malls that closed much earlier and stores in malls 
were closed from 15th March 2020.  As of today, certain stores that are standalone and are 
in the green zone have opened effective from 18th May 2020 onwards.  Currently, until the 
lockdown is completely lifted, we may not be in the position to open up all the stores.  The 
next is S P Apparel .K.U.K. business. SPUK’s revenue was impacted during the month of 
March 2020.  Orders worth GDP seven hundred thousand were not delivered due to 
lockdown.  Now SPUK has started delivering goods to its customers and will be back to 
normal growth of revenues from Q2 onwards.  The debt of the company, our net debt to net 
worth as of March 2020, is 0.27.  We have serviced all our dues with the bank, including the 
term loan installment as of today.  Our working capital utilization is below 70%.  The working 
capital procession, we are only using less than 70% of our limit with the banks of working 
capital facilities available.  Further on our garment data, we have received a request from 
one of the customers for the extension of payable days to 150 days on the shipments made 
up to 30th June.  We do not find any other impact on our working capital.  Now let’s review 
the performance of each division for this quarter.  Financial performance of garment division.  
Garment division adjusted revenues stood at rupees 145 crores, which degrow by 21.6% 
year on year basis, and adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 12.7% for this quarter.  The 
margins comparing year or year decreased by 340 basis points. The primary reason for the 
reduction in the margin is due to government’s recent decision to roll back incentives given 
to garment exporters under MEIS, which impacted our margins by 4%, which is around Rs. 
22 crores.  Second, due to the loss of revenue by rupees 25 crores due to the impact of the 
global pandemic situation.  Third one due to the appreciation of foreign currency against the 
Indian rupee, which impacted our hedges.  With regard to capacity, our current capacity is 
5500 sewing machines, and we are currently utilizing 68%.  Due to the consolidation of small 
rented factories, we are expecting the utilization to be better going forward.  Regarding retail 
division, just update that our plans to [inaudible 00:10:52] the retail division did not get 
shareholder’s approval during March 2020.  Since then, retail division and its operations 
have been kept on hold due to the pandemic.  For the time being, utilization continues to be 

Page 3 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
a part of the S P Apparels Limited, and we will profit well after the lockdown is over.  Retail 
financial, total revenue for this quarter stood at Rs 12.7 crore as against the sale of 20.7 
crores year on year.  This decrease is mainly due to the COVID crisis.  EBITDA was at -
3.9% as against -9% last year.  With regard to SPUK business, financial performance is 
revenue of SPUK for the quarter ended was and GDP 1.26 million as against last year's 
performance GDP 0.96 million in revenue.  Even though SPUK grew by 31.5%, orders worth 
GDP 0.7 million were not executed due to the pandemic crisis.  SPUK margins were at 3.5% 
as against the negative margin of 1.6% year on year.  General outlook, the current order 
book for fiscal and restoration of the business for .P.S.P. Apparels garment division it’s clear 
evidence that we are in the niche segment of babies and kids.   Most of our customers with 
online business and the supermarket businesses have grown by 50 to 100% under this 
segment we cater to.  The customer's spending pattern gives priority to spend on the 
product which we cater to, and the current prices that the company s have been able to raise 
through this process only because of the strong fundamentals.  There are opportunities 
opening due to China's situation, which we are real to make use of.  I thank all the investors 
for having confidence in the company and supporting the company even during the crisis like 
Brexit, demonetization, and current COVID 19.  We are progressing to a better future, and 
we expect your continuous support.  Thank you. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Good evening, everybody.  I would like to give you the financial 
performance of S P Apparels.  Total revenue stood at 830 crores as against 810 crores for 
the financial year 2019.  Total revenue grew by 2.5% for the whole year.  Adjusted EBITDA 
stood at 110 crores as against 123 crores of the fiscal year 2019.  EBITDA fell by 10.9%. 
The djusted EBITDA margin stood at 13.3% as against 15.3 last year.  The main reason for 
the EBITDA margin falling is due to MEIS withdrawal.  PBT margin stood at 5.3% versus 
13.5% last year.  The main reason being the MEIS withdrawal, forex, and MTM losses and 
the foreign currency appreciation, which hit our PCFC restatement.  PAT margin stood at 5.6 
versus 9.1 year on year mainly due to reasons discussed above 
. 
Financial performance of the company during the fourth quarter, total revenue stood at 169 
crores as against 214 crores year on year.  Mainly disturbance due to the COVID impact.  
Adjusted EBITDA stood at 18 crores as against 27 crores year on year mainly impacted due 
to MEIS withdrawal.  PPT margin stood at 3.1% versus 13.9%, mainly due to MEIS, loss of 
revenue, and forex currency loss, and PCFC restatement.  PAT stood at 2.8 crores as 
against 19 crores year on year.  On the performance of the garment division, total revenue 
stood at 702 crores versus 680 crores year on year.  EBITDA of garment division stood at 
15% versus 17.6% last year, which was mainly impacted due to MEIS.  The total revenue of 
the garment division for the Q4 stood at 145 crores as against 185 crores of last year, mainly 
due to the losses, which we have discussed.  EBITDA margin stood at 12.7% versus 16% 
during Q4 decreased mainly due to MEIS.  On the retail performance, total revenue stood at 
77.6 crores versus 71.7 crores year on year mainly last 20 days sales didn’t happen.  
EBITDA of retail stood at 4.4% versus 2.1 % year on year.  Q4 revenue of retail division 
stood at 12.7 crores as against 20 crores year on year.  Q4 EBITDA of retail division stood at 
3.5%.  SPUK total revenue stood at 50 crores versus 48 crores year on year.  EBITDA 
margin stood at 3.7% for the current year.  As we already pointed out on a standalone basis, 
our current debt is very much under control.  Our gross debt is 180 crores, and our net debt 
is 139 crores, for which only 30 crores are long term in nature, and the rest is short term.  Of 
the 180 crores, 36 crore pertains to the right of use.  We have serviced all our term debt and 
interest up to 30th June, and we currently have no dues outstanding.  As CMD pointed out, 
our working capital limits are well less than 70% of the overall limits.  On the working capital 

Page 4 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
on a standalone basis, our inventory stood at 227 crores for the current year as against 247 
crores last year.  Inventory has come down by 20 crores.  Receivable stood at 94 crores as 
against 128 crores, a considerable reduction in receivables also.  Payable stood at 84 crores 
as against 109 crores last year, and the company has made operating cash profit of 124 
crores as against 78 crores, which is very healthy.  Other things are available in the 
presentation. we can open up for questions and answers now. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have a question, please press star and one on your 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.  If you would like to withdraw 
your request, you may do so by pressing the star and one again.  I repeat, ladies and 
gentlemen, if you have a question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  
We have the first question from Ritesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital.  Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Hi sir.  Congratulations on handling these hard times reasonably 
efficiently.  I just have a couple of questions, you know, as of now, what kind of utilization 
compared to pre-COVID are we running as of right now? And do you have any expectations 
in terms of actually by when we should be able to get again to pre-COVID levels? 
 
Mr. P Sundararajan 
Currently, our utilization is 3300 sewing machines as against 
between 3600 to 3700 machines pre-COVID scenario.  So that’s about our utilization 
percentage.  Going forward,  
 
Speaker 2: 
Yeah, actually, our current utilization is about as .D.M.D. 
mentioned it is about 62 to 70%.  We were reaching 70%, and this month onwards, we are 
thinking of improving the capacity, but again there is a lockdown announcement in our state, 
so we are trying to maintain the same 70% in this month of July.  From August-September 
onwards, we will improve to 75 and 80. From October, we are expecting to reach the 
maximum of before COVID situation. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Understood, but [inaudible 00:20:34] if we are, if you, this is a 
contradiction, here if we are saying we are 3200 to 3300 as opposed to the 3600 of pre-
COVID that’s close to 80-90% right?  Or am I not getting the numbers, right? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Oh! See pre-COVID, we did face some issues because of the 
orders of mother care and KMart, so like if you look at January, it was purely a holiday 
season.  So that’s why the utilization was low, but I guess what CEO said is purely on the 
total machinefront. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Okay.  So she was saying   70% based on the 100% capacity, 
but probably 80% to 90% of where we were at the pre-COVID.  Is it right? Am I correct? 
 
Speaker 3: 
Right. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
And just to understand with regards to, it’s not a question of 
demand and orders, is it only primarily a question of being able to like ramp up in terms of 
rules and regulars, the demand is in a problem and all, is it that my understanding what you 
are saying? 
 

Page 5 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yes, exactly.  See, we have enough orders to run the capacities 
as we usually used to place 80%. Still, because of this social distancing and transportation, 
mobilization of people, we are able to maintain 60% to 70% of 80%. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Got it.  How would you check pushing on that just to understand 
that overall, you know, you would expect some amount of slowdown in retail even to have 
happened to our customers, right? Like even in London and all of that when we hear that, 
you know, the stock is slowly starting to open up, but I mean the retail is still slow, so how 
are we continuing to get that demand is it because we are detaining a certain amount of, if 
you know, of you know, market share from other clients, is it new clients who we have 
broken into?  
 
Speaker 3: 
No, it is, you know, our customers we are only talking about from 
our existing customers, not about any new customers. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Okay. 
 
Speaker 3: 
See our customers are, you know, majority of the customers are 
supermarket customers, who open all their stores all the time and where again the clothing is 
the part of the supermarket sale where again this babies and kids are always, you know, in 
demand and moreover all the customers are really strong in their online businesses.  And 
Primark has  opened most of the stores in all the countries, all over the world and the 
business has immediately has shot as it used to be before, so we don’t see any drop in the 
order book in the coming future.  
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Got it.  And then effectively just to understand is the exchange 
rate we have had a large, I mean depreciation of, with the rupee so in terms of is that being 
adjusted in our pricing or are we able to keep some of the currency gains which we have. 
 
Speaker 3: 
To some extent, we billed it in the costing because customers 
are also aware of these things, so definitely there is a lot of pressure on the order book 
pricing because of this Covid situation, but this is helping us in meeting out that targets 
today.  So, it’s not going to give us any extra margins, but you know, we are able to meet the 
targets.  
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
So I mean mostly…. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Riddhesh, see we have forex coverages or hedges during the 
month of April and May.. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Yeah 
 
Speaker 1: 
…so this hedges need to be pushed over to subsequent months 
when we use it, so maybe the first two quarters we may not be in a position to use the 
exchange advantage which we have… 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Understood and with regards to if you know, obviously we have 
lost MEIS also, and so the incentive has reduced a bit too, have we been able to adjust that 
in our pricing up to an extent? 
 

Page 6 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yes, as we mentioned, even in the last concall that  we are trying 
to make up to the same 17-18% EBITDA, despite the loss of MEIS of 4%.  So, we are 
confident we would be able to do it. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Got it, got it.  So effectively here what we are seeing is a net-net 
of the MEIS loss, plus the currency, plus the pricing taking into account everything, we 
should be able to maintain 17% to 18% EBITDA margin, and that would be at how much 
capacity utilization? 
 
Speaker 3: 
Capacity utilization at 85%. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
So, and as of now, we are at about 17%, so you are saying as 
we…. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Yeah, see we are looking for the first quarter, and the second 
quarter, we may not look at the EBITDA margins of 18% because we are operating factories 
at 60-65 to 70% based on the area, so maybe from Q3 onwards we should be in the position 
to reach 18% EBITDA margin if there is no more further disturbance. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
So even with regards to like H1 it’s not like we are in a state 
where we are like losing money, and so effectively we will still be slightly profitable, but by 
Q3-Q4 we expect to be normalized and also have an ability to utilize our enhanced Capex 
which we have done and executed.  Is that sort of …. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yes, very much, sir. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
and the order book from your other global clients like Carter’s 
and all of that which we are working on, all of those like new accounts are also actually are 
panning out.  
 
Speaker 1: 
So, in terms of the order book, yes, we have bookings from 
Carter also.  We cannot give you customer wise booking, but we have bookings from 
Carter’s also. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
But overall, because of how we are placed in this specialized 
area in which we are in, we don’t see the demand or profit margin being an issue.  It’s just is 
supply constraint, which we are hoping after the lockdown ease maybe after may a month or 
two, we can move up from 70% to 85%, to 90% or whatever. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yes. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Alright, got it, and my last question is on your retail front .Since 
the retail division is hit, have we been able to reduce our overall fixed cost so that we are at 
least as a little abled as actually possible? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Yeah, see in terms of retail stores are closed.  So, all stores from 
March onwards we have spoken to the landlords that we are not passing on the rents during 
the closedown period and also with the malls where we are closed, we are not paying any 
rent.  We are negotiating with them.  Certain people are asking for 30%, 35%, but we are still 
negotiating.  We are not paying anybody now, and in terms of the personne cost, we have 

Page 7 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
reduced so many, the frontline is completely reduced, and even at the backend level we are 
working with 30%, the number of days is reduced so that the cost is not much sitting on the 
books. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Even the number of staff and vehicle use has been drastically 
reduced. 
 
Mr. Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Okay, understood that. That’s all from me.  Thank you and all the 
best. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  We have the next question from Chirag Shah 
from Value Quest.  Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Yeah.  Thank you for the opportunity.  Sir, I just wanted to know 
what would be the impact of this Vietnam have entered into FTA agreement with E.U.? So 
now how Indian garment manufacturer would be impacted with this? 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yes, this is one thing Vietnam is a challenge.  So, they have 
gone into FTA.  This was long-awaited one, but again since they are into the volume 
businesses.  Vietnam is again like China big volumes and more of the millions of the unit 
orders and where in India the order size and the sizes are completely different from what 
Vietnam is doing, but still, as have we always mentioned that India had got its own chunk of 
an order which, you know, the customers would always split the orders to mitigate the risk, 
so, so far we have not faced a.ny challenges and still as you said that some of the Vietnam 
orders are coming here also.  So, it is too early to comment on anything on the Vietnam one, 
but we are getting prepared for the competition. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
But do you think it will put margin pressure because now 
incremental 9% duty disadvantage will be there compared to Vietnam.  So, do you anticipate 
any pricing pressure with this? 
 
Speaker 3: 
This is the same as, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam. All the 
three countries are like this only.  So, as we faced Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, we will face 
Vietnam also. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Got it, sir.  Sir secondly on, so now with MEIS withdrawal, what 
is the current incentive which is sitting on the P&L? What is the total percentage of sales 
which we get as an incentive? 
 
Speaker 1: 
7.25%. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
2.25%. 
 
Speaker 1: 
7.25%. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
7.25%, got it.  Earlier it was 11.25%, right? 
 
Speaker 1: 
11.5%. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Got it, sir.  Sir, what is out hedging policy? 

Page 8 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
 
Speaker 1: 
So, when the order is confirmed, we hedge 60%., On shipment, 
we hedge 20%, the balance 20% is kept open. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Okay.  And currently, at what rate we would have hedged now? 
 
Speaker 1: 
For which currency like Pound we are at…. 
  
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Euro, I mean whichever is the highest exposure you have today. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Pound is at 95, and the dollar is at 74.50.  
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Okay.  And sir, now with reducing cotton prices, how it will 
impact or benefit to us? Will it be sitting with some inventory also? 
 
Speaker 1: 
So, in terms of cotton, it’s like orders were taken based on the 
current yarn rate.  So, cotton to yarn cannot exactly match, but for orders which we have 
already taken, we would have booked our cotton, but cotton, which was procured during the 
season time, yes, we should have, we could have some small impact because of that. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yeah, the cotton price reduction will definitely help a little bit in 
the margin of the yarn and but then it comes to the garment it's very little. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
So we don’t expect any inventory loss in the coming quarters 
because of a reduction in cotton prices. Is that understanding correct? 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yeah, because cotton, what stock we have is already against the 
order what we have.  So, I don’t think there will be any impact on the margin hit. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Got it, sir.  And sir, so currently we are having almost around Rs. 
230 crore inventory in our books, out of that how much would be towards finished goods? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Finished goods would be close to Rs. 7.5-8 crores on the 
garment. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
And remaining would be? 
 
Speaker 1: 
So, see it will be like a certain portion will be at the yarn stage, 
the certain potion will be at the cotton stage, certain portions will be at the dying stage, and 
rest will be WIP. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Oaky, so 200 odd crores would be .M.R.M. plus WIP, is that 
understanding correct?  200… 
 
Speaker 1: 
See, of the Rs. 227 crores, Rs. 40 crores are of retail, retail 
stores, so you have to remove that and look at it.  So, if you are removing that and looking at 
Rs. 187 crores of inventory, that, we will have a cotton inventory of Rs. 40 crores, you have 
to also remove that to look at it.  So, Rs. 147 crores is the garment division inventory.   
 

Page 9 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Got it.  Got it.  Got it. And sir, just lastly, you mentioned that you 
will be able to maintain your margins to the previous level, this year was an aberration 
because of MEIS, so this 4% reduction which we have seen this year, how you will be able 
to recoup that?  What are the line items where you see that these efficiencies will come? 
 
 
Speaker 3: 
Now this is something which is our internal way of working, we 
have so many ways like, you know, wastage improvement and wastage management and 
further we have to work closely with the efficiency improvement on the efficiency of 
production and the raw material procurements and just in time management, so a lot of 
things are there.  So, in every touchpoint, if we say even about a half percent or quarter 
percent, then easily we should be able to manage 4%. 
 
Speaker 1: 
and utilizing our capacity at 85% is what we said for 17% to 18% 
EBITDA margin, so once we start utilizing capacity by 85%, then I think 18% and above will 
be the EBITDA margin. 
 
Mr. Chirag Shah: 
Got it. Got it, sir.  Thank you and all the best. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Thank you.  
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  We have the next question from Dipesh Agarwal 
from UTI Mutual Fund.  Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
Yeah, good evening, gentlemen.  Hope everyone is safe out 
there.  So, my first question is when you were saying 60% utilization, does that imply 
something like 4.5 million pieces per month, is my understanding correct? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Dipesh, I think the utilization of the machines, pieces cannot be 
rationalized. What you can take is that we are working at 3300 to 3400 machines depending 
on the factories.  So, you cannot just extrapolate it to the number of pieces that is not 
possible.  
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
Okay, okay.  And currently, what would be our fixed cost per 
month, and what was it at pre-Covid times? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Are you looking at the garment division or looking at the retail or 
the company as a whole? 
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
As a company. 
 
Speaker 1: 
As a company, I think we are close to Rs. 10 crores of fixed 
overheads, including depreciation and interest. 
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
And earlier, this number was higher? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Talking about the earlier. 
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
Okay.  And now? 
 

Page 10 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
Speaker 1: 
Now,  
 
 
Speaker 1: 
We are looking at 30% of the reduction in all overheads except 
the depreciation and the interest cost. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Salaries and traveling. 
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
Okay. 
 
Speaker 1: 
So primarily those are not there because there are no travelling 
happening, so we are expecting anywhere between Rs. 6 to 7 crores of overheads. 
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
Okay.  And sir, with the cancellation of the retail deal, any 
strategies which you have framed for the retail division going ahead? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Dipesh this is too early because 
 
Speaker 3: 
It has just come 
  
Speaker 1: 
The hive-off approval did happen only on the 26th of March, and 
we were in lockdown period so far. Retail has not picked up any sales, so now, until all the 
stores are open and we are back running fully, only then we will be in a position to strategize 
anything, but we are not ruling out any strategy as of now. 
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
Hmm, hmm and sir lastly, continuing with one of the previous 
participants questions, how does the cotton prices impact us on the garment division 
because when I see last two years when the cotton prices were going up, we did not see a 
comparable increase in our garment realization and in fact there was a margin decline 
though some of this could be explained with our one-off expenses and change in MEIS, still 
there was something extra pain in garment margin, so I believe that could be because these 
were not able to pass on the cotton prices.  Now with cotton prices going down, do you see 
that to bounce back? 
 
Speaker 1: 
So, like there is no relation with the garment division margin and 
the cotton prices.  How do we work here is that we go by current yarn prices, and not the 
cotton prices.  So, costings with the customers are done based on the current market yarn 
price, not the cotton price.  There is no correlation between the yarn prices and the cotton 
prices.  There could be some ups and downs in the margin because of movement in the yarn 
prices, but not in the cotton prices. 
 
Mr. Dipesh Agarwal: 
Okay.  Thank you.  I will join back the queue for further 
questions. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  We have the next question from Mr. Manoj from 
.D.M.D. Investments.  Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Manoj: 
Good afternoon, sir.  What is our strategy for our retail division 
after we were failed to hive-off the department because of shareholder approval was not 
there? 

Page 11 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yes.  Good afternoon.  So it is, as CFO said during the lockdown 
period the shareholders declined approval, so after that, we have not, and after that the retail 
business operations have beennot been back to normal.  So, we are still yet to strategize 
anything on this front, but it’s too early to decide, but what we are currently doing is we are 
waiting for all the retail shops to be opened, all the large format stores, and other things.  
Then we will carry on the business and gradually, you know, we will try to maintain a 
sustainable business and look for opportunities where if we find some good buyers for this 
one, definitely we don’t rule out to selling it out, so but this is too early to move forward for 
this because there is not a right time for any valuation thing, so it will take its own time. It 
maybe after a few quarters we will be able to talk about it. 
 
Mr. Manoj: 
Okay.  As we valued retail around Rs. 80 crores if you subtract 
from the enterprise value today about Rs. 420 crores it comes around Rs. 340 crores, and if 
you see our garment sale around Rs. 750-800 crores with 18% EBITDA level, it comes 
around Rs. 140-145 crore.  So actually, we are trading around two-three times EBITDA level, 
so what is our plan for the buyback?  Does the buyback make sense for this kind of 
situation? 
 
Speaker 1: 
So Mr. Manoj at the current moment I think our priority or interest 
is to see that we are in the consolidation process of getting the confidence back with all the 
customers in the, putting up our operation fully capitalize, so I think this time, for the time 
moment I think the strategy is to strengthen our price with the customers and also with the 
employees where we bring in more capacity.  So maybe two quarters down the line, we 
would definitely think around a possible buyback two or three quarters down the line when 
things are back and running fully. 
 
Mr. Manoj: 
I agree with you.  I was talking when things normalize or 
something like that.  If that kind of valuation persists, the board is in agreement of something 
like that buyback in this kind of situation which….  
 
Speaker 1: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
 
Mr. Manoj: 
I was asking not in the present condition, going forward as the 
things normalize, and we know kind of valuation persist the prices of the stock market, so… 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yes, 
 
Mr. Manoj: 
…in that kind of condition that I was asking. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Yes, yes, that is, maybe once things are back to normal we will 
definitely look at it because we were in the process of getting to a buyback during March, but 
unfortunately because of this Covid we have kept on hold, so it is kept on hold.  It’s not a 
cancellation.  So maybe two-three quarters down the line we may thing around it. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yeah, originally it was like this, you know, when we were 
planning for the hiving-off the retail thing, so with those proceeds we were planning for a 
buyback.  Since this entire thing has not happened, so now we have to re-strategize 
everything after our priorities are over with fully optimizing the production and the customers’ 
deliveries and full booking.  Once these things are done in the the next two quarters, then we 

Page 12 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
will have to re-strategize regarding the buyback, but we are not definitely ruling out the 
buyback. 
 
Mr. Manoj: 
Okay.  Thank you and best of luck. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Thank you. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  We have the next question from Mr. Vikas Jain 
from Equirus Securities.  Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Yeah, hi.  Thank you so much for the opportunity.  Sir, in one of 
the statements as you mentioned that we would be reducing the working days  to the extent 
of around 30% for the staff and above, would that translate into saving the cost in terms of 
the employee? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Yeah, yeah.  That will definitely bring down the employee cost. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yeah, very much.  That is the way, see the number of working 
days, you know, lesser so definitely there is a cut in the salary. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Right, so but that includes the senior management and so what it 
includes the staff as and like the people working in the factories so that... 
 
Speaker 3: 
All the staff and above, including myself. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Okay, okay, right. Sir you mentioned that you would be  
consolidating smaller factories into a bigger one, so are you planning to cutting down the 
number of factories and shifting all those to the existing bigger one, so that to save on the 
lease or the rental cost, is that the idea? 
 
Speaker 3: 
Exactly.  By consolidation of five factories, well-set factories to a 
bigger factory save a lot of overheads, including rents and other things, and the maintenance 
and other things will be reduced to a great extent and efficiency in terms of supply chain and 
managing the factories will be far far better.  So now it’s time for consolidation.  That’s what 
we are doing. Definitely, it will help in the reduction of overheads to a great extent on the 
factory operation side. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Right, sir, but then that won’t affect the ordering from the 
customers where some of the customers book a certain part of our capacity, right?  So that 
won’t have any impact on that. 
 
Speaker 3: 
No, say when we close down the most of the workers will be 
going to the bigger factories which are nearby to those factories.  So, we will be losing only 
30% of the workmen from currently what we are having.  So, it means these capacities are 
not lost.  These capacities are going to be merged with existing bigger factories. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Correct, correct.  And sir, just wanted to ask about this, the 
sharpsurge in this interest cost because of this PCFC restatement, so can you just broadly 
elaborate on what … 
 

Page 13 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
Speaker 1: 
Vikas, if you look at FY19, the cost for the whole year stood at 
Rs. 6 crores.  So, what happened last year is that there was a PCFC gain to the extent of 
Rs. 8 crores, which reduced the overall cost.  The reversal of that impact is getting to the 
whole year, so again by the end of the year I am again having  a lot, so that means, I mean 
gain reversal for the current year and the loss for the current year is happening both 
together, and that’s why my finance cost is at Rs. 22 crores.  Did you get the point? 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Sorry sir, but I got confused means can you just…. 
 
 
Speaker 1: 
So FY19, my finance cost was Rs. 6 crores. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Correct. 
 
Speaker 1: 
That was because of a gain of PCFC restatement of Rs. 8 
crores. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Okay.  So, the actual interest cost was close to around Rs. 14 
crores for FY19. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Yes. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Right. 
 
Speaker 1: 
So now that reversal of Rs. 8 crores is now setting in my current 
year books.  And year-end you have another Rs. 4 crores of loss, so both is getting 
consolidated into current the year which is showing Rs. 22 crores of... 
 
Speaker 3: 
What is the net finance term. 
 
Speaker 1: 
My net cost is only Rs. 14 crores.   
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Right, right, sir.  So the reversal of last year’s Rs. 8 crores and 
loss of Rs. 12 crores and some loss from the PCFC and… 
 
Speaker 1: 
Yes, yes.  If you look at both finance costs together, I think it will 
be easy for you to understand. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Right.  Sir, so is it like year-end phenomena every time we have 
to reevaluate how much gain or loss we have to, mean, at what period or interval do you 
have to see that? 
 
Speaker 1: 
Like, in terms of the PCFC, I guess it’s going to be every year-
end phenomena, yeah.  Based on the currency movement. 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Correct.  Correct, correct, sir. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Usually, it’s not so bad, but this year because the currency 
abnormally moved towards the end of the year, it was at 76.24 for the dollar, so that brought 
down the PCFC. 

Page 14 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain: 
Right, right.  Correct, correct, correct.  Alright sir, thank you, 
thank you so much. 
 
Speaker 1: 
Thank you. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  We have the next question from Yogansh 
Jeswani from Mittal Groups.  Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Yogansh Jeswani: 
Hi, sir.  Thanks for the opportunity.  Sir, if I look back at your 
numbers for the past three-four years in terms of gross margin, I think our material cost was 
some 40%, whereas if we look in FY20, I think it has gone above 44-45 % now.  So, can you 
pinpoint the exact reason behind this jump in the material cost? Or is it mainly because of 
the export incentive that you mentioned the 4% that we lost out, so this is reflecting on 
material cost as the percentage of sales? 
 
Speaker 1: 
So, the material cost or the margin, what you are discussing is 
purely to base on the product mix of the company.  Say for this quarter we have a realization 
of Rs. 95 rupees per piece, so when my realization of the pieces is on the higher side, my 
material cost will always be on the higher side, say my basics are on the higher side, 
material cost always will be on the higher side.  So, if it’s going to be a margin for say niche 
style, then material cost will be lowest.  So as a product mix, which will… 
 
Speaker 3: 
Depends on   if it is the basic product then the material cost will 
be slightly higher if it’s a fashion product material cost will be slightly lower because of the 
realization value is better.  So that keeps changing. 
 
Mr. Yogansh Jeswani: 
Right, sir.  I fully agree with your point, sir, on the quarter on 
quarter basis obviously the product mix will determine a lot of it, but I was looking at your 
number for say 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019.  For these four-five years, the gross margin was 
around 60%, which is now down to 55%.  So, I was looking at more, so is there a change in 
the product mix overall from what we used to do say three-four years ago or it’s the 
competition that is dragging down the per-unit price of the garments? 
 
Speaker 1: 
So, there are three things, one something to do with the cotton 
prices, which you cannot compare it year on year.  The second thing is with respect to your 
realization on the forex and if the same price is given a year before for say 1.5 pounds and 
now its same 1.5 pounds, but for the rupee, it has changed you cannot do anything on that, 
but purely the product mix , 2017 versus 2020 if you look at we have moved more closely to 
basics like previously it was 85%, 15% niche was basics now we are closely at 60%-40% on 
the basics front.  So, basics have moved up, so that is why you are looking at the increased 
margin. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Not only that, there is a pressure on margin that is true.  That is 
for sure so that we are going to make it up now. 
 
Mr. Yogansh Jeswani: 
Understood, that’s a good broad understanding that you shared, 
sir.  So just to follow up on that on the margin point I think another participant also asked you 
on this that since if you look at the industry scenario, day by day it is getting more and more 
competitive and Vietnam, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka like you mentioned getting the better duty 

Page 15 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
in European union wherein we have key clients  and now losing out 4% MEIS benefit so how 
are we able to confidently say that we will be able to reach to our 16%-17% odd EBITDA, so 
there must be a plan or some thought in the management’s mind, which you can share and 
probably transfer that confidence to us as well and share the insight with us if possible. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Yeah, see, as I mentioned before, we are working on so many 
touchpoints for cost-saving.  Now, this anyways is the part of our processes, which we are 
definitely doing now like, you know, cost-cutting, overhead cost-cutting that will definitely 
save about 1% or 2 % on the overall overheads and the production efficiency which  we 
have re-modeled all the factories to a lean production which will definitely improve the 
efficiency.  As we mentioned many times, our efficiency is going to be better by 5%  which 
will again save another 1% or 2%, so, there is a gap of what currently is and what we are 
expecting is about 4% to 5% and some, you know, more is, such wastage management, the 
consumption improvement, and wastage management is also something which, you know, is 
in the, in our priority.  This we were not, the priority we were, now we are addressing this 
also.  So, there are about 5-6 touch points where we can easily save another about 4%  to 
5% hopefully. 
 
Speaker 1: 
And also, maximum utilization will also  
 
Speaker 3: 
And the utilization is very important, machine utilization  used to 
be 80% or 85%, now we are expecting by the end of this financial year we will be raising to 
around 87% to 90%.  By targeting the overheads of the factories, costs will be drastically 
reduced. 
 
Mr. Yogansh Jeswani: 
Hmm, hmm. 
 
Speaker 1: 
FY17 versus FY20, we have added closely to 2500 machines 
over a period of 3-3.5 years.  And all these 2500 machines are through new factories only, 
so now that once this process of consolidation of  all these 5500 machines has started, then 
the efficiency level, preoperative expenses all will come down. Hence, there are so many 
things that will happen.  Only because we added close to 2500 machines preoperative 
expenses on the trainee cost was on the higher side for the past 1-1.5 years.  That is why 
the margins were impacted so far. 
 
Mr. Yogansh Jeswani: 
Hmm, understood sir, so I think, I think that’s a great insight that 
you shared.  I think that’s really helpful and sir secondly like we are seeing a lot of news that 
India is trying to go out to the world and supply PPE kits. The textile division is looking at this 
as an opportunity to fulfill the gap that’s there because of demand erosion in globally across 
retailer and everything.  So, are we also looking at filling up some of our capacities through 
this route, PPE kit, and if yes, what is the kind of margins and competition that we are seeing 
in this, sir? 
 
Speaker 3: 
At the moment, we are not looking at it at all because our 
capacity is already filled with existing customer's orders, and we are looking for more 
capacity for the existing customers  also.  So, I don’t think we will need to look at those areas 
at the moment. 
 
Mr. Yogansh Jeswani: 
Understood.  That’s it on my side and best of luck to you, sir.  
Thank you for answering. 

Page 16 
 
 
 
 
Transcript - S.P. Apparels 4QFY20 Post Results Conference Call 
 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  Due to time constraints, that would be the last 
question for the day.  Now I hand over the floor to the management team for closing 
comments.  Over to you, sir. 
 
Speaker 3: 
Thanks all for participants for participating and I hope that we 
have been able to address all your questions and ambiguities and as we always say that 
please rest assured that we are definitely working so closely and meticulously to improve the 
things and this business is so dynamic, and there are so many external factors are involved 
in this one, so we have been so far faced all the challenges and tied over the situation, and 
our financial ratios are very healthy, so we don’t see any big disasters or any deviation from 
what we have been focusing at, so please rest assured that we will definitely perform, 
continuously improve the performance in the future quarters.  Thank you. 
 
Pavitra: 
Thank you, sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your 
conference for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha’s 
conference call service.  You may disconnect your lines now.  Thank you, and have a 
pleasant evening. 
 
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
