 
 
12 August 2020 
 
                               
 
 
The Secretary 
 
 
  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
          “Exchange Plaza”,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
  
 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
  
Subject: Management Transcript for Q1 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
We would like to provide the Management Transcript for Q1 FY 2021 Earnings 
Conference Call, which was held on 4 August 2020. 
 
The transcript of the Q1 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call is also available on below 
mentioned Youtube video link: https://youtu.be/X-k3ZsXmVRc 
 
We request you to take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Deepak Fertilisers 
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
 
K. Subharaman 
Executive Vice President (Legal) & Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
 
Q1 FY2021 
 
August 4, 2020 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sailesh Mehta – Chairman and Managing Director  
Mr. Amitabh Bhargava – President and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Mahesh Girdhar – President, Crop Nutrition Business 
Mr. Deepak Balwani – Associate Vice President, Investor Relations 
 
Hosted by KR Choksey Research  
 

    
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals 
Corporation Limited Q1 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call hosted by KRChoksey 
Research. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Parvati Rai. Thank you. And over to you, ma'am. 
Parvati Rai: 
Thank you, Faizan. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of KRChoksey Research, we 
welcome you all for the Q1FY2021 Conference Call of Deeper Fertilisers and 
Petrochemicals Corporation Limited. 
 
I take this opportunity to welcome the management of Deepak Fertilisers and 
Petrochemicals represented by Mr. Sailesh Mehta -- Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. 
Amitabh Barghava -- President and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Mahesh Girdhar -- 
President and Crop Nutrition Business and Mr. Deepak Balwani – Head, Investor 
Relations. 
 
So we will begin the call with a “Brief Overview by the Management” followed by the 
“Q&A.” I now hand over the call to Mr. Mehta -- Chairman and Managing Director for his 
opening remarks. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Mehta: 
Thank you. A very good afternoon to all of you. I hope all of you and your families are all 
in good health, and that all of us are hanging on during this lockdown lifting and the 
uncertainty. I am sure all of us will come out stronger and better as we come out of this 
crisis. 
 
I guess that all the details of the Q1 FY2021 results have already been received by each of 
you. So I am going to share with you behind the figures and beyond the figures that how 
do we see the situation that emerged in Q1, and, of course. Post that Amitabh will take you 
through all the details of the figures and then clarify any questions that you may have. 
 
So as far as the COVID safety measures goes, we went on a complete overdrive to make 
sure that we kick start temperature check, oxygen level check, face mask, social distancing, 
disinfecting tunnels as people entered at various places in a plant, hot salt water gargle 
basis and also, very strong vigilance through the CCTV cameras, particularly where there 
could be possible little congregation of people. Despite that, we have had a few positive 
COVID cases. But they have all been asymptomatic and which percolates us with all the 
checks. What more can we do? We had even three government committees visit us. And 
they were extremely happy with the COVID care that we are taking at the plant. And they 
said, “Well, this is the best we can do.”  

    
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
 
We were happy that we could convince the government that all our products do fall into 
the essential commodities that are required. Fertilizers, of course for the farmers, the 
technical ammonium nitrate for the coal sector and also in terms of IPA, of course, for the 
hand sanitizer and some of the assets also were our downstream customers had shared that 
these are essential commodities. Virtually, we were back in production maybe within a few 
days of the COVID declaration. However, we did suffer ups and downs because of the 
supply chain disruption; somewhere truck drivers are not showing up, Mathadis are on and 
off.  
 
Looking at each business, as far as industrial chemicals business goes, IPA, was a great 
show, and I will tell you more about it. But as far as the acid goes, on the weak nitric acid, 
there was a sufferance at the downstream where a lot of our customers were suffering the 
lockdown condition. As far as technical ammonium nitrate goes, while Coal India because 
of the overburden removal, that market segment did quite good. But, on the other hand, 
cement limestone was very-very dull because cement sales had virtually come to a 
standstill. Of course, things are much better now. Similarly, in the infrastructure sector, we 
notice that the percolation of the central government funds to the state government and the 
state government’s funding to the infra project somewhere was struck. And again things 
are better now, but the Q1 saw a lull period for that. 
 
Then in case of the fertilizer business, the segment performance was very good supported 
by right water level from our last rabi and timely arrival of rains. 
 
 
Our IPA business did bring the magic touch to the Q1. IPA business contributed roughly 
around 40% to the Q1 contribution. Fertiliser segment profit moved from (-8) to (+16%.). 
Even on the raw material side, gas prices were rather soft, and we are seeing for a long-
term time also that gas prices will remain soft which is a good story for us for our projects 
and other things. 
 
But all in all, the profit has shot up 11x in comparison to last year, which was a very-very 
tough year where all kinds of challenges that were there. Q1 FY2021 was indeed the best 
quarter ever, including the highest collection which could help us combat all our short-term 
loans and bring in a real good spend. 
 
Now, if I look at the fundamentals at a macro level, which are going to be impacting us. 
One aspect that we are noticing is that higher hygiene level certainly seems to be the new 
normal. And from that perspective, the consciousness on a lot of these aspects are going to 
stay with us for a much longer period. 
 
On the fertilizer front, we were very pleased with our transformative announcement of the 
new agriculture policy where the government came up with a path-breaking kind of a 
policy change and we are seeing a very positive impact on fruits and vegetables, and 

    
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
contract farming. This will in a longer run will also have a very positive effect on fertilizers 
segment. 
 
Similarly, at the macro level, the government came out with a very good policy on 
commercial mining which is opening up that sector. In the long run, we see this is also a 
very positive effect on our TAN project and TAN business itself. 
 
At the micro level, we see a continuing positive traction on IPA. Our move from IPA to 
hand sanitizers and to other B2C product, is something which we feel should be in the right 
direction and should find not only a better traction but a good value addition to IPA over a 
period.  
 
On fertilizers side, we are very clearly seeing that our shift from commodity NPK to high 
tech crop-specific NPK, the journey from customers to consumers, that is from the dealer 
segment to a very strong focus on the farmer level, those we are seeing aspects which will 
fundamentally impact and bring competitive strength in the fertilizer business. 
 
And similarly, the fundamental change we are trying to bring at the micro level in the TAN 
business where we are bringing in a new try to move from product to total mining solution. 
That also we see as taking us to a value-added area and somewhere where we could be 
climbing the value chain as well as looking at margins and somewhere creating entry 
barrier. 
 
So, all in all, I would say this quarter has opened up of somewhere the good days to come 
and somewhere each of the three sectors taking more of a strategic turn into what we had 
worked out as our long-term plan. 
 
So, more details and the specifics figures of Q1 FY2021, I will allow Amitabh our CFO to 
share with you.  
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Thank you very much and let me take everyone through the broad numbers. Good 
afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining the Deepak Fertiliser and Petrochemicals 
Conference Call to discuss the Q1 FY2021 results. During the quarter ending June 2020, 
despite COVID-19 pandemic, most of the products being essential commodities, the 
company continued its operation with some intermittent disruptions during the period of 
lockdown as Chairman also briefed a little earlier. 
 
During the Q1 FY21, we reported total revenue growth of 23% YoY to Rs.1,382 crores. 
Operating EBITDA increased by 128% YoY to Rs.272.2 crores. Operating margins 
increased to 19.7% in Q1 FY21 as compared to 10.7% in Q1 FY20. Significant 
improvement in profitability was driven by improved fertilizer business performance, 

    
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
increasing demand for IPA along with lower cost of major raw material materials. Net 
profit increased over 11x YoY to Rs.121 crores in Q1 FY21.  
 
In chemical segment, manufactured chemicals, chemical business reported revenue of 
Rs.634 crores in Q1 FY21. Our IPA revenues increased by 178% YoY to Rs.196 crores in 
Q1 FY21. IPA sales volumes increased by about 49% YoY. And improved margins were 
driven by as you would know unprecedented surge in IPA demand on the back of the 
increased awareness of use of IPA and hand sanitizers and disinfectants along with increase 
in international IPA prices. However, our TAN revenues decreased by 23% YoY to Rs.253 
crores. The lockdown had severely impacted demand and consumption of ammonium 
nitrate in India. TAN solid volumes were lower by 11% and AN Melt volumes were lower 
by 48% YoY. LDAN sales volumes in Q1 FY21 was lower by 52%, mainly due to liquidity 
issues and stalled large scale infrastructure projects due to COVID-19 lockdown. LDAN 
sales volumes also dropped due to stoppage of production in the cement plants across India. 
Acid revenues decreased by 33% YoY to Rs.86 crores in Q1 FY21. Nitric acid demand 
faced challenges due to shut down and low capacity utilization of our downstream 
customers due to again in a very COVID situation. 
Chemicals trading business was at Rs.150 crores in Q1 FY21, up by 42.6% YoY. Strong 
demand for IPA resulted into the higher trading revenue in Q1. Though as such we 
maintained our volumes at similar levels that we were talking earlier before Q1. 
Fertiliser segment delivered third consecutive profitable quarter. Manufactured fertilizers 
reported revenue increased by 41% YoY to Rs.479 crores in Q1 FY21. Sales volumes of 
NP increased by 59% YoY and NPK volumes increased by 46% YoY. Fertilisers trading 
business increased by 113% to Rs.117 crores in Q1 FY21. Overall margins improved 
significantly due to good kharif projections by IMD and timely arrival of monsoon in core 
command areas along with higher Smartek in product mix with higher net sale sides. 
During the quarter, the company continued its journey to move from commodity to 
specialty and accordingly moved almost 100% volume is Smartek and also launched 
differentiated Bentonite Sulphur variant, that is Bensulf Super-fast. Bensulf Super-fast is 
being manufactured at our Taloja plant. 
With extensive farmer and channel connect through digital marketing initiative, the 
company was able to connect with over 7,000 dealers and retailers through digital meeting 
during the quarter. 
While contribution of fertilizer segment in total revenue has been in the range of 35% to 
45% since last few quarters, its contribution in the segment profit improved from (-8%) in 
Q1 FY20 to now 16% in Q1 FY21. With gradual improvement in profitability of fertilizer 
segment, quality of profit mix is improving quarter-on-quarter. 

    
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
Counting on strong start of the year, we are confident of attaining our business goals and 
maximizing shareholders wealth and very optimistic about the coming quarters going 
forward. 
With this, we would be happy to take your questions. Thank you again for joining the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Subrato Sarkar from Mount Infra Finance. Please go ahead. 
Subrato Sarkar: 
My question is regarding IPA. So, what is the current price, if you throw some light on 
that? And after COVID, what is the total estimated Indian market and how much has it 
gone up? And what is the current import situation? Right now, there are two players in the 
market. So, if you can highlight whether there is any other player or entirely being imported 
and whether there is any restriction on Chinese imports? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, as such the price currently is in the range of $1,200 to $1,300 CFR India. As you know, 
pre-COVID we were at around $800 and during Q1, post COVID essentially the price shot 
up to as high as $1,500 but it is now somewhere between $1,200 to $1,300. So that also is 
typically the trend that we have seen in our realization in terms of direction of prices going 
up and then now settling at a slightly lower level. As far as the overall demand is concerned, 
essentially we saw pharma demand by and large continues the way it was pre-COVID. It 
is the hand sanitizer segment pre-COVID, we were seeing a demand of let us say 100 tons 
per month kind of a demand, which shot up to as high as 2,000 tons per month. And that is 
in essence whatever demand was there from hand sanitizer segment, we met our demand 
though the prices were restricted by the government. Now, as we are seeing the hand 
sanitizer demand is somewhere in the range of 700 to 800 tons per month and we believe 
that as the economy opens up again, where a lot of the commercial establishments whether 
it is hotels, schools and organizations, you would see that demand going up but already I 
would say gone up from pre-COVID 100 tons per month to nearly 700 tons per month. 
Rest of the demand of course is also being getting met by ethanol. In most of the hand 
sanitizers we are seeing ethanol as the ingredient. For ethanol as such we believe that there 
are other better sort of end usage in terms of fuel blending and potable liquid. To that extent, 
once the ethanol demand from the other segments picks up, we will see more demand again 
coming in favor of IPA on the hand sanitizer segment. We are seeing nearly 7,000 tons 
every month roughly is the import that comes in India where anywhere between 2000 to 
3000 tons comes from China and then the rest of it is coming from other regions. Other 
than us, as we understand, Deepak Nitrate is the other producer of IPA currently with 
30,000 tons per annum capacity. So, overall even at 2 lakh tons of demand which was pre-
COVID, country would still require a lakh ton per annum of import. So that is the overall 
situation. 

    
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
Subrato Sarkar: 
In our case, we have seen a very steep rise in Q1 IPA demand. So, has it come down, has 
it normalized right now, or we are seeing somewhere related to that level only regarding 
Q1? 
Amitabh Bhargava : 
So that is what I clarified that as far as the pharma segment is concerned, the demand by 
and large, continues at the same level and it has not changed that much. It is from hand 
sanitizer segment that we saw a huge increase from pre-COVID 100 tons per month to as 
high as 2,000 tons per month in certain period during the quarter, which is now at about 
700 to 800 tons per month. So, in essence, the hand sanitizer segment after peaking has 
settled, but even there pre-COVID it was 100, now it is about 700 tons. And like I said, 
depending on the opening of the economy and the pace at which it opens up and the fact 
that ethanol as an ingredient for hand sanitizer segment, if it starts finding the other better 
use in terms of fuel blending and potable liquor, we could see the 700 tons going up again, 
but we will have to wait and see what happens to the demand. Like I said, pharma remains 
stable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Bhandari from Vallum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Bhandari: 
I have a question regarding the fertilizer business. There is a lot of change what has been 
done in the fertilizer business over the last two years. And I wanted to know what kind of 
EBITDA per ton we should look forward for the fertilizer business with the change in the 
phosphoric acid, supply changes what you have done, and now with the composition on 
the product side, if you could tell us that? And is the last two quarters was driven by the 
lower input cost, so do we see that this is an abnormal number, or we should see the 
improvement in the number? And kindly also give us some guidance on your CAPEX plan 
on the TAN and IPA the expansion you have spoken about in long time back, where are 
we sitting on that? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
As far as the fertilizer segment is concerned, if you look at YoY, the factor of lower raw 
material prices played a role, but there was a much bigger role that was played in terms of 
the product composition. I mean earlier if I say that Smartek which is our value added 
product, if I am not wrong, it was in the 40,000 tons in that particular quarter, we sold 
nearly 96,000-odd tons in this quarter. So, there is significantly on the NPK side, 100% of 
the volume now has actually moved to Smartek. Smartek, as you know that given the 
marginal cost benefit ratio that we are able to demonstrate to the farmers, we are able to 
price it better in comparison to competition or in comparison to a similar grade, which is 
the plain vanilla grade. So to that extent, in our overall portfolio Smartek volumes have 
gone up and therefore, even the price premium that we are able to get on that has gone up. 
The second thing that we have also done there is we made certain changes or I would say 
certain corrections both on the organization side, so we have done some bit of consolidation 
of our regional and zonal offices. We have managed to cut down some organizational costs 

    
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
which is basically marketing kind of costs that are there. Also, we have done some 
improvements in terms of the usage of raw materials in manufacturing these days. So, there 
is a level of saving that has gone in even in terms of factory variable cost as well as certain 
factory overhead. So it is a combination of all of this is reflecting in the numbers. This if 
you see our capacity utilization in Q1 has been about 59-60%. So there is an operating 
leverage that is there in our plant in terms of our capacity for which we have already done 
the CAPEX, but we are not utilizing that capacity from production standpoint to the fullest 
because the Smartek as a product has taken a little bit of time. We have done some market 
work in terms of farm trials and as the product gets acceptability in the market, our ability 
to run our plants and produce that volume for higher capacity utilization would 
progressively improve in coming quarters. So, we see that there is still operating leverage 
sitting there and to that extent, a combination of what we have already achieved and what 
we can achieve from operations standpoint, the numbers we believe are obtainable in the 
coming quarters. So, we hope to repeat and even better our performance in fertilizer 
segment in coming quarter. Your second question was on the CAPEX. We spoke about it 
just a month back in the investors conference call that ammonia project is currently under 
implementation. We are, of course, seeing some challenges because of COVID situation 
where certain regulatory approvals and even from the contractor standpoint visibility of 
when the work can start given the labor and logistics issues is something that we are trying 
to get better grip on. But the project is under implementation, we are yet to start the 
construction. We have acquired the land completely. And it is just a matter of starting the 
construction as soon as we get some approvals that are at an advanced stage with them in 
Maharashtra. As far as TAN project is concerned, where we need to do some bit of 
groundwork in terms of land acquisition and environmental approval. So that is going to 
take its own course because unlike ammonia, where we are at fairly advanced stage on land 
acquisition and environmental approval here, we are in the initial stages. And so this 
CAPEX which is early days in terms of starting the CAPEX there. We have some critical 
equipments with us already as we mentioned that even in our earlier calls. So, we are doing 
the groundwork that is required for us to reach a level where we could potentially look to 
start the construction of TAN project. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line from Rohit Nagraj from Sunidhi Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
In our presentation we have said that the other expenses have been lower by about Rs.27 
crores due to fixed cost optimization. So, is this a one-time benefit or is it going to be a 
quarterly run rate for the subsequent quarters? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So I would say some of it could well be one-time because as you know, a lot of travel-
related expenses practically we did not incur much. But I would say majority of it should 
be in a position to repeat that or is more sustainable. We are also continuing to work on 
other cost reduction measures because a lot of the things that work from home and the other 

    
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
things have given us an opportunity to look at some cost completely with fresh eyes. And 
we are confident that even if post-COVID some of those expenses come back because there 
will be, let us say, travel cost and the other infrastructure cost, we should be able to cut 
down elsewhere and be able to continue to show the kind of efficiency in our other costs. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just a small clarification on the fertilizer demand front. So we have seen that the sales have 
been significantly higher during Q1. So, is it some preponement of sales or is it gaining 
market share, and will the sale be normalized for the next two quarters? 
Mahesh Girdhar: 
Thank you, Mr. Nagraj. Your question is related to “Overall there is a surge in the demand. 
What is happening to our market position?” So, what I can tell you is that yes, it is correct 
that since rabi last year there is a good positive momentum on agriculture side. With the 
good rainfall in kharif, the overall area has gone up by about 18.5% in terms of sowing 
because sowing has been early this year. This has resulted into consumption of fertilizer 
higher. If you see that in the first quarter in our focused market, there is an increase of 
about 42% of the sales over last year in the NPK segment we operate and however our 
growth is 59%. So we have also gained slightly market share. From that perspective our 
market position has also been enhancing. Over and above, as Amitabh earlier and our 
Chairman explained about our portfolio strategy, we are also operating into a uniquely 
value price-based products which is we are developing through active farmer contact 
program. So, this is much more I must say that sustainable kind of growth with definitely 
better external environment helps developing any kind of technology and as we have also 
seen, but we also grew our market position in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Aequitas Investments. Please go ahead. 
Nishit: 
Hi, this is Nishit here. Sir, I wanted to know, what is the status of the second tranche coming 
from IFC? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, we are expecting that we should be able to get that through in Q2. 
Nishit: 
This quarter because of IPA, we have additional cash flows. So what are we planning to do 
with that -- are we going to go ahead and do debt reduction or are we planning more 
CAPEX? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I have already explained our CAPEX plan and needless to say that CAPEX will get funded 
through internal accrual and the external equity infusion and the contract we are even also 
raising it from IFC. So, in that sense, it is not just this quarter but over a period of 
implementation, the cash generation would partly get utilized for CAPEX plan. As far as 
this quarter is concerned, since we had generated good cash, not just from IPA, but like 
Chairman had mentioned, the collection in the CNB segment was also very healthy. We 
have obviously reduced our working capital loans and to that extent the average short-term 

    
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
debt at the end of the quarter versus the beginning of the quarter is obviously lower because 
that is where most of our cash generator has gone in the short-term. 
Nishit: 
Sir, can you give the net debt position? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Given that these are even limited audited numbers or limited review numbers, I do not 
think it is correct for me to give any number, but I would say that on an average, debt has 
come down by another Rs.250 crores to Rs.400-odd crores. 
Nishit: 
Sir, there was this note #2 in our results which said that recovery of undue profits from the 
PNK fertilizer company has been settled finally by department of fertilizer and nothing is 
recoverable. So, can you just explain how will it impact us? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, as you would recall, a few years back Department of Fertilizer has made a certain 
claims on recovery under the allegation the subsidized gas was used for the fertilizer 
business and there were undue gains made. And at that stage when they made the claim, 
the benchmark or in terms of what constitutes undue gain was also not very clear to our 
understanding within the fertilizer ministry. Since then they have defined those parameters. 
And when they evaluated us on the basis of those parameters, they have come to a 
conclusion that there were no undue gains made as such and therefore there is no recovery 
claim that is due any longer. And to that extent, basically we received a copy through 
official channel where they have confirmed that as far as Ministry of Fertilizer is 
concerned, there is no recovery claims any longer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
We did around Rs.230 crores of EBIT in chemicals segment. Can you just give us a breakup 
in terms of IPA, TAN and Nitric Acid? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Normally we do not report EBIT on a segment or a business basis, but I would say broadly 
from a contribution margin perspective, what chairman had also briefly mentioned that 
about 40% of contribution that is before you start sort of allocating the overheads to various 
businesses, out of our overall gross margins, TAN and IPA are the key contributors, and 
this quarter IPA was about 40%, rest is from TAN and fertilizer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
I have two questions: First, there is a 22% QoQ drop in the IPA volumes. So, despite a 
good demand, if you can explain, what led to this drop? 

    
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
As far as IPA is concerned, we had taken certain plant shutdown in Q1. As a result while 
Q4 had almost 100% capacity utilization in IPA manufacturing in our Taloja plant, but Q1 
manufacturing overall production was lower because of the plant shutdown and that is 
broadly reflecting in the numbers. Also, as such by the end of Q4, we were sitting on very 
small inventory. So, while we could meet all the demand in Q4, in Q1 we started with very 
low inventory and because of that plant shut down and lower production volumes QoQ 
were lower than that. 
Anurag Patil: 
So for this ammonia project, whenever in future it is completed, what kind of savings we 
can anticipate? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I would tell you is that in last several years if you look at on an average, we have purchased 
ammonia at an average of let us say $400-odd on FOB Middle East and ammonia goes 
through that cycle. So you see lower prices and prices on the higher end as well but on an 
average $400. $400 on FOB Middle East, we typically add another $80 to $90 because of 
freight, import duty, port storage and handling charges and then of course the transportation 
from JNPT to our plant. So, one is we would typically say that $80 to $90. Also, the gas 
prices as we are seeing in the market today both on the LNG front and the gas that we are 
seeing coming from high pressure, high temperature field in India, on an average today if 
we were to take from the sources landed price of gas for us should be around $7 or sub-$7. 
So, at around $7 if you convert that into ammonia, we should be in a position to convert 
that at let us say roughly about $250-260 a ton. That would be our production cost. If the 
history were to repeat itself in next 10-years and ammonia FOB Middle East were to be 
$400, and do it about $80-90 of charges to bring them on to our plant, that is the kind of 
possible saving, but all of this, like I said, depends on what happens to year-on-year to 
ammonia. So, this is more of a picture I am trying to use on a 10-year horizon how you 
should look at it. But year-on-year a lot depends on what happened to ammonia price. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just a comment regarding your nitric acid business. You mentioned that you are 
experiencing weak offtake from downstream customers. So, if you could please comment 
on how the environment is looking like now in July and heading into August, whether we 
are seeing any kind of pickup in demand from end users? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, in Q1, we saw obviously challenge on the concentrated nitric acid as well as on the 
value of nitric acid. Concentrated nitric acid is consumed by some of our large customers 
on sort of long-term basis and many of those plants are either running at lower capacity or 
was completely shut down. As far as that segment is concerned, largely that demand has 
come back, because most of these plants are also now in operational mode. As far as the 
dilute nitric acid is concerned which goes to smaller and larger widespread segment, we 
are still seeing the weakness in the dilute nitric acid side. so part of the demand long-term 

    
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
concentrated nitric acid had come back, but the other one I think is perhaps going to take a 
little longer before it comes back because that is a very widespread number of end 
consumers. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you. Just on the timeline for your ammonia project and IPA expansion, if you could 
share any kind of broad timeline that seems feasible at this point in time? And a related one 
also is that there was this announcement about Reliance Industries AGM talk of a very 
large petrochemical and downstream project within which one of the contemplated 
products was IPA as well. Any kind of thoughts you might have on the feasibility of that 
going forward? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, if you would have noticed that when we spoke about our CAPEX plan, I did mention 
ammonia and TAN. But as far as IPA is concerned, I will put it differently that we need to 
assess the whole situation of IPA, because IPA can either be made through propylene route 
or through the acetone route. And both of these today are looking good in terms of not just 
the feasibility but the attractive profitability in both these. But we would like to wait and 
see how IPA prices and IPA demand globally settle and what happens to the acetone and 
RGP prices. We are with the help of external consultants conducting certain study and any 
plan on IPA would depend on our assessment of what is going to happen to IPA going 
forward. That said we are also watching the domestic new capacities that have either come 
up or likely to come up mainly as far as Deepak Nitrate is concerned, they have come up 
with additional capacity and all the other announcements that one of them you alluded to. 
We are also watching that and depending on our overall assessment of demand/supply in 
Indian context, we will take the call, but it is I would say right now not in the horizon. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Timeline on ammonia? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
We would be starting the construction anytime. And from start of construction it could take 
anywhere between 24 to 26-months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Milind Karmakar from Dalal & Broacha 
Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead.  
Milind Karmakar: 
I had basically a couple of questions from IPA. One was that how much of our IPA sales 
goes to the pharmaceutical industry? And is there still a price control on IPA use for home 
sanitizer? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, like I said that during Q1 which was an exceptional situation, I would say roughly little 
less than one-fourth of our sal es would have been through hand sanitizer segment and 
three-fourth from pharma. But if you look at overall demand in Indian context which is let 
us say about 2,00,000 to 2,10,000 tons, like I mentioned, the IPA demand from sanitizer 
segment today we are seeing at about 700 tons per month. This is about 8,000 to 10,000 

    
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
tons. So, it is only roughly 5% of the overall demand of IPA. What happens to this because 
we saw peak of 2,000 tons per month also and so therefore, whether it goes all the way 
there from 8,000 to 10,000 to around 20,000- 24,000 or settle somewhere in between is 
where we would have to see as the economy picks up. And roughly in that proportion, we 
should also be selling to the end segment. To your second question, right now, there is no 
price control on IPA and sanitizer as well, that is being looked at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dwinil from iWealth Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Dwinil: 
Just a follow-up on the earlier participant question is on the chemicals side. If we see 
incrementally from Q4 to Q1, we did around Rs.150 crores of segmental profit in the 
chemicals segment. Sir, if you could just help us to understand out of that how much will 
be because of the raw material benefit and how much would be from the incremental 
realizations. And do you think is this sustainable going ahead down the line? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I do not readily have the split of what you just asked but what I can mention is that, as far 
as the IPA segment is concerned, we mentioned that the prices went up from somewhere 
$800-odd to about $1,300-$1,400 CFR price. Equally on the propylene side which is the 
raw material for IPA, we saw on an average YoY roughly about 17%-odd of cost. So in 
that sense on the cost side we saw that impact, raw material prices down by about 17%. As 
far as the TAN segment is concerned, by and large prices have remained in similar range 
while the impact of ammonia coming down to about 15-17% YoY is showing. Because of 
volume, we did not incur as much loss because we could maintain both the price and the 
raw material prices were also lower. Now, if you see overall again, while we are looking 
at both TAN and IPA, TAN if you see, fundamentally the volumes were down by 17%. So 
even if the raw material prices were to go back, if the TAN abnormally we saw in Q1 
because cement plants were down and the infrastructure segment also volumes were low. 
If that were to go back to its normal scenario, then with that reduction in raw material 
prices, we could perhaps do better or if the raw material prices were to go back to previous 
like Q1 FY20, we should still be in a position. On a long term basis, TAN remains a stable 
business. What I am saying is that in a particular quarter, lower raw material may have 
helped, but equally we lost volume. So, if things were to go back, they might go back on 
both ends. But TAN remains a stable business. On the IPA side, obviously, this was one of 
the best quarters that that we have seen, and we will see. But again, outlook perspective lot 
depends on what happens to IPA demand globally, particularly from the hand sanitizer 
segment because globally that is going to make a difference to overall prices. The raw 
material prices which is RGP because of oil prices being low, we expect that those prices, 
so long as we do not see a spike in oil prices, should remain at the current level. So I think 
a combined impact of that is what we are going to see in the coming quarters. 

    
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
Moderator: 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly, you have mentioned about lower sales to the cement segment. So what total 
percentage of our ammonium nitrate sales is catered to the cement on an annual basis? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Within ammonium nitrate, the low density ammonium nitrate (LDAN) product goes into 
cement and infrastructure. And as you know, by and large, LDAN margins are better than 
HDAN margins. Impact of cement demand have been lower as directly on LDAN segment. 
So per se volume wise it may not be significant because we still have majority of it going 
into coal, but from a margin perspective cement is an important segment. 
Saket Kapoor: 
For the entire portfolio, how much is cushioned towards a cyclical nature? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Practically speaking, raw materials that is phos acid and ammonia, do go through the cycle. 
These are cyclical commodities. But equally as far as TAN, IPA is concerned, these two 
segments also prices are linked with import parity, but not the entire portfolio. IPA by and 
large, yes, we get linked with the import parity. In the TAN segment, the HDAN again gets 
linked with the FGAN import and the import parity of that while LDAN is priced more 
from the utility perspective and efficiency that it brings in the operations. So, it is less prone 
to import parity fluctuation. Fertilizer segment, while it does get exposed to the raw 
material prices, that is ammonia and phos acid which are cyclical, but like our chairman 
mentioned, we are moving to more and more into specialty segment in terms of the nature 
of our fertilizer and there it would give us an opportunity or it gives us possibility of 
cushioning ourselves against any adverse price movement on the raw material side. Acids 
are by and large again depend on ammonia which is cyclical.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And on the rights issue front, are we envisaging anything going forward? And what is our 
debt-equity ratio? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Given that we are in the midst of the rights issue, we are advised by our lawyers to not have 
any specific sort of discussion around the rights issue. As and when board decides, we 
would come back to the stock exchange and to investors. To your other question, we have 
nearly Rs.2,100-odd crores of equity on our consolidated balance sheet. And at the end of 
March net debt was about Rs.2,600 crores. Like I mentioned earlier we have brought it 
down in Q1 by about Rs. 350 to 400 crores. So by and large just marginally over one would 
be our debt-equity ratio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Levin Shah from Valuequest Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 

    
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
Levin Shah: 
One is on this IPA. What is our current capacity and how much can we produce in a year 
so that even if you can just give a broad sense the kind of volumes that we see during this 
FY21? And secondly, what is the total CAPEX that we are going to spend on this ammonia 
plant that we are going to go ahead? 
Sailesh T Mehta: 
On IPA, our production capacity is about 74,000 tons and like you would have seen in the 
Q4 we were running at nearly 100% capacity. So, on an average in a quarter where we do 
not take any either plant shut down or a breakdown, we typically produce in a quarter about 
17,000 to 18,000 tons. 
Levin Shah: 
What is the kind of sales volume that we are looking out for this year on IPA? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
If we continue to produce and we do not have any challenges related to COVID-19, our 
attempt would be to run it at 100% capacity utilization. But it is very difficult to predict 
what kind of challenges we may have coming from the current situation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Paras Bothra from Ashika Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Paras Bothra: 
Now the thing is with regards to IPA, you have launched your product in brand name of 
CORORID. So, I just wanted to understand how this is shaping up and how do you see this 
scaling up over a period of time say maybe in a year’s time and what are the kind of margins 
do you see if this CORORID brand becomes successful and what are the distribution 
network you are setting up to make it scalable? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, it is really early days for CORORID in terms of volume or contribution in our overall 
IPA segment. Q1 for example, it was even less than 0.5% in terms of the overall IPA that 
got used up in CORORID. So, very-very small volumes at this stage. But what I would say 
is depending on what kind of market volume that is picked up in coming quarters it would 
give us a sense as to what kind of the overall revenue or contribution may come from this 
because at this stage, honestly even the cost structure is not very clear. Though in Q1, I 
would say if we look at from a margin perspective, it certainly gives us better margin than 
the bulk segment. But it is too early to even predict what overall cost structure, dealer 
margin, retailer margin, etc., will entail for us to come to any. So, it is more of at this stage 
start point. It is only after we complete a couple of quarters that we would have a better 
sense on these numbers. At this stage, while we are trying to use some of the online 
platforms also but it is right now getting sold through some of the wholesalers on the 
pharma side, we are using some of the wholesalers and through them it is going to the 
dealer and reaches a segment in cities like Mumbai and other.  
Paras Bothra: 
With regards to IPA domestic prices, what it is at present if you can give some idea about 
it? 

    
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Domestic prices would typically be linked with CFR prices and like I mentioned that we 
are anywhere between $1,200-$1,300 CFR India prices. It typically gets linked with CFR 
India prices. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint, we will take that as a last question. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amitabh Bhargava for closing 
comments. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Well, first of all, during the call I could not reciprocate the compliments that many of you 
have given for a good result. So, thank you so much for that and I thank all of you for your 
participation. For any further queries or clarifications, please do get in touch with our 
investor relations team and we wish all of you safe and healthy times going ahead. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Deeper Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited and 
KRChoksey Research, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
 

    
 
 
 
17 | P a g e 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2021 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Deepak Balwani  
Associate Vice President – Investor Relations 
deepak.balwani@dfpcl.com  
+91 20 6645 8733 
 
Ajay Tambhale 
Churchgate Partners 
deepakfertilisers@churchgatepartners.com  
+91 22 6169 5988 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reg. and Corp. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No.: 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India 
Web: www.dfpcl.com 
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without 
limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to DFPCL’s 
future business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our 
assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These 
factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements 
in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial 
conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business 
and financial performance. DFPCL undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
future / likely events or circumstances. 
 
Disclaimer: Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of 
requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, a rights issue of its equity shares in the near 
future and is in the process of filing a letter of offer with the stock exchanges and with SEBI. 
