 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“GMM Pfaudler Limited Q1 FY-21 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARAK PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MR. ASHOK PILLAI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, 
GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MR. JUGAL SAHU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GMM Pfaudler Limited’s Q1 FY21 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Binay Sarda from Christensen IR. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Binay Sarda: 
Good afternoon to all the participants on this call. Before we proceed to the call, let me remind 
you that the discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or 
unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our 
business risks that could cause future result performance or achievement to differ significantly 
from what it is pressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Please note that we have 
mailed the results and the press release and the same are available on the company’s website. 
In case if you have not received the same, you can write to us and we will be happy to send the 
same over to you. To take us through the results and to answer your questions today we have the 
top management of GMM Pfaudler represented by Mr. Tarak Patel – Managing Director; Mr. 
Ashok Pillai – COO; and Mr. Jugal Sahu – CFO. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone past and then conduct Q&A 
session. With that said, I will now handover the call to Mr. Tarak Patel. Over to you, sir. 
Tarak Patel: 
Good afternoon everybody. So let me start off with throwing some color on our Q1 performance. 
So for, I think we have started the year with a very solid performance in spite of the current 
Coronavirus pandemic as well as the nationwide lockdown which affected our production 
capacities because of the loss of production days. 
 
We are still able to show a strong performance which puts us into a good position for the rest of 
the year. Our factories have worked really hard over the first quarter in spite of having a loss of 
production in most of April. We managed to turn it around in May and in June and we performed 
quite well for the quarter. 
 
Our backlogs continue to remain quite strong and the industry segment that we cater to namely, 
pharmaceuticals and chemicals, continue to show a lot of traction. Our order book across all our 
product lines also remains quite strong and our outlook for this financial year remains very 
positive. 
 
We will use the next few quarters to build on our Q1 performance and maintain the same level 
of growth that we have been achieving over the last few years. In terms of other highlights for 
this quarter we have, as many of you know, completed the acquisition of De Dietrich Process 
Systems India facility in Hyderabad. This facility will be most likely handed over to us on  1st 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
of September. This gives us readymade glass line capacity in Hyderabad. It will improve our 
presence in the region and help serve our customers in a much quicker and prompter manner. 
 
We have already taken steps to make sure that we hit the ground running. Our raw materials, our 
glass lining materials, our labor, our glass line sprayers, our vendors, the supply chains have 
already been geared up so that on September 1st we are very quickly up and running and we can 
start producing as soon as possible from that facility. 
 
That facility also will help us reduce the current backlog at our Gujarat facility which means that 
our backlog will reduce by about 200 to 300 units which means that we can now supply 
equipment faster to the customers which will mean in turn that we can then go and capture some 
more market share as well. 
 
Like I had mentioned to you during our last call, our heavy engineering business has done 
extremely well. This is the first year that we have started the year with a very strong backlog 
which means that this is the first year that heavy engineering business will perform up to our 
expectations. 
 
We have built a lot of capabilities over the last two or three years and now they are finally 
bearing fruit. Also, in our proprietary business we have a very strong order book. These orders 
are not standard equipment. We have managed to upsell these equipment and go after technology 
and innovative products, really trying to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and I 
believe that we will see margins improving as well. 
 
The export business also continues to do well. Southeast Asia and Middle East have been doing 
quite well for us. We have seen significant amount of order intake from these regions which 
would then translate into better margins going forward. 
 
Lastly, our two new furnaces have also arrived on Indian shores. They are now on our way to 
our factories and within the next couple of months we should have that up and running which 
will mean that we will have enough capacity to cater to the glass line market here in India for 
the foreseeable future and we can maintain our market leadership position. 
 
So with that let me then open this investor call for questions and I will be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. 
We have our first question from the line of Rohit from Progressive Shares. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Hi, though the numbers look optically flat, indeed you had a good achievement in the current 
scenario? 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
Tarak Patel: 
Hi Rohit, so yes you are right compared to Q1 of previous year and Q1 of this financial year, the 
numbers are flat, but you must also understand that for Q1 of FY20 we had three full months of 
production, in this Q1 of FY21 we had about two months of production. There were many issues 
relating to labor, to supply chain in terms of startup and things like that. 
In spite of that I believe, we have still performed well. I believe a lot of other companies in the 
manufacturing sector will probably not have similar kind of performances. We were not very 
heavily dependent on migrant labor. Most of our employees are from local villages, so that 
helped us a lot. We also had a very strong backlog and materials in stock with us, which helped 
us and then lastly we used our financial abilities to make sure that all the bought outs that were 
required to complete these equipment were supplied to us in time. 
So going forward I think many people would have expected Q1 to be worse than the Q4 of 
previous year, however, we have turned it around and we have actually outperformed Q4 of 
previous year. We are showing about 17% quarter-on-quarter growth in spite of having more off 
days than in Q4. So I think a lot of credit goes to the facility in the Gujarat. I think they have 
done extremely well to get up and running quickly and again like I said it puts up in a very strong 
position to do well in this financial year. 
Rohit: 
Tarak, I agree to that. That is why I said optically flat. I have two questions, which are related to 
this new plant. So of this approximately 6 acres of property at Telangana, what percent is 
currently used for manufacturing or was used for manufacturing by them and what is the free 
land available to you for future expansions if any? 
Tarak Patel: 
So I think it is about 49,000 square feet the covered factory area, but I am not completely sure. 
It is around 40,000 square feet mark. We do have significant ability to expand that facility, not 
only that facility has not really had anybody invest in it for quite some time. It is something that 
has been continuing from the last 10 to 15 years, so we definitely want to bring in our own 
efficiencies. 
We have reached a kind of level at GMM Pfaudler in Gujarat that we want to bring and 
implement in this new facility and really ramp up both in terms of operational excellence as well 
as in terms of improving efficiencies. So we can bring that in as well we will then slowly add 
new machines, new work centers and look at improving the output from there. So in the first 
year if we have a full year of production, we believe we can manage anywhere between Rs. 60 
crores to Rs. 70 crores of output. 
Now that for this financial year we have about six months of production available starting in 
September, we expect about Rs. 40 crores of output, but it is more of an opportunity cost for us. 
For us it gives us two benefits, one it gives us the benefit that we immediately are able to bring 
our backlog down and two, it gives us the ability to manufacture equipment locally, which means 
that we do not have to spend transportation cost from Gujarat to Hyderabad. We can now 
produce it locally and then supply it from there to the local market. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Rohit: 
Okay I understand that you are having a readymade plant to gulp down the market share. But 
any views or any thought or calculation as to how many equivalent units was the plant able to 
make earlier? 
Tarak Patel: 
We have no idea in terms of what they were able to make, their processes are very different from 
our processes. Their firing cycles for glass line are very different, but in terms of what we expect, 
we expect about 400 equivalent EUs in the first full year and obviously that can be ramped up 
as and when we keep bringing in more and more efficiencies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, just to carry this further, so we are adding roughly about 400 unit plants over and above that 
we were adding about 500 units at Gujarat, which is supposed to come by August and September 
and you had already planned a CAPEX at Hyderabad, so roughly putting I think from around 
2,300 you are going up to almost 3,700. 
So firstly, whether your new CAPEX at Hyderabad, the new facility would that get a bit delayed 
because of this acquisition and if not sir do you feel you are adding almost more than 50% 
capacity addition is happening with a span of 12 months. So is it that the market is growing at 
very fast phase or will you be taking market share? 
Tarak Patel: 
Okay so just to clarify now that we have made this acquisition in Hyderabad, we will not be 
adding any further capacities. So the greenfield project was something that we had thought about 
because we did not have the option of this acquisition, now that we have acquired this facility 
and we have readymade access, there will be no longer any investment in the greenfield project. 
So, we will use this facility to produce in Hyderabad for the next three to five years and maybe 
then look at adding more capacity or even look at a greenfield project at that time. 
So right now for the next three to five years, we only have two facilities, one in Gujarat and the 
one that we just acquired from DDPSI India. So in terms of adding capacity we are not really 
adding 60% capacity like you rightly said. In this financial year, once the new furnaces come in, 
our EUs in Karamsad, Gujarat will be about 2,300 units and in Hyderabad it will be about 400 
units. However, in Hyderabad please note that we only have six months left since we will acquire 
this facility only in September, so we have about half of that. 
So about 2,500 to 2600 EU capacity this year, we believe that the market is conducive. There is 
lot of traction happening in both the chemical and pharmaceutical space. So one is that we will 
reduce our backlog and whatever new orders that come in that something that we can also cater 
much quicker and much faster to our customers. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure and sir just one last thing. How has been the order inflow in this quarter? And do you find 
any difference in how the managements are talking about their CAPEX and the time gap between 
our fall for the fourth quarter and as we speak today? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right so there is definitely more traction on the ground because of the pandemic in Q4 things 
had slowed down. We are now seeing more and more managements now taking a call on new 
investments. We are seeing there is definitely some traction in the pharmaceutical space. There 
are smaller players who used to order may be one or two equipment are now going and ordering 
6 to 10 equipment. It is not the big traction that we want to see in the big players, but on the 
ground level it is happening. 
We do believe that Indian companies will look at localizing production of intermediates. There 
is going to be a shift from China to India. We believe the government is also pressurizing Indian 
companies to look at manufacturing locally. So all in all, I do believe there is traction in the 
pharmaceutical space. I think more traction will be seen in the coming quarters. Chemical still 
remains very strong. 
Our big chemical players still have investment plans, major CAPEXs are on their way and like 
I mentioned earlier we have seen some traction in the international markets. We recently got two 
large orders from South East Asia, Malaysia and Taiwan, which also will be quite nice in terms 
of international and export business. Yes, I think overall we are quite positive in terms of the 
outlook for glass lined equipment. 
Rahul Jain: 
So the order inflow numbers for this quarter? 
Tarak Patel: 
Sorry so I said the backlog numbers right now, sorry, I missed that. So on the end of Q1 of this 
financial year we have about Rs. 330 crores of backlog on our books, executable backlog and 
this is evenly spread between glass lined and non-glass lined, 50% with glass lined and 50% 
with heavy engineering and proprietary products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, for the Q1, how much of the sales or the growth could you attribute to the spillover sales 
from the fourth quarter given we had shut down in the past couple of days in the fourth quarter? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right so it is a combination again Dhaval. It is readymade equipment I would say would be in 
the range of like say Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 7 crores, but like you know there is always work in 
progress and that also got the carried forward. So I would say in the range somewhere between 
may be Rs. 15 crores to Rs. 20 crores and then obviously we also created WIP in this quarter. 
So even though we could not ship everything this quarter some of it will again spillover into 
next quarter. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
So we were quite cognizant of the fact that we need output, but we also need to create WIP, 
which can then be used in the following quarters because as we want to grow in the next three 
quarters we expect to be a significant ramp up in output and the WIP that we created in Q1 will 
help us doing much, much better in Q2, Q3 and Q4. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. On the heavy engineering part, can you elaborate on the product side and even the 
profitability wise we have been very, very healthy roughly 20% I think we have done? Can you 
elaborate bit more on this and the way forward? 
Tarak Patel: 
Sure, so heavy engineering is something that I have been talking for long, long time. Many of 
you must be hearing my heavy engineering outlook every year I said it is going to do well, but 
this is really the first year we have really hit significant volumes. So the absorption in terms of 
the fixed cost will finally come through and that will affect the profitability. Last whole year the 
numbers in heavy engineering were close to Rs. 50 crores, but in Q1 we have already done about 
Rs. 41 crores right, so immediately you will see a big improvement in profitability. 
In the same way the proprietary products did not do extremely well in the first quarter even 
though we have lot of WIP and we will see a big improvement in Q2, there was not enough 
output for the profitability to improve significantly because of the absorption of the fixed cost. 
So yes, exactly the reason why you have a seen a big surge in profitability is obviously the 
volumes, the revenues that have increased significantly, but again we have also managed to have 
a good mix of the right kind of orders in heavy engineering. So we have had a little bit of export 
to the Middle East. 
We have hastelloy material, we have carbon steel, we have stainless steel, so the product mix 
has always been nice and again that is one area that I am quite confident in heavy engineering 
and we have really spent a lot of effort to build in our capabilities so that customers will really 
regard us as one of the premier players in this industry segment. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, what would be the industry segment in which we have supplied? 
Tarak Patel: 
So it is again a mix as there will be oil and gas, there will be fertilizer. There will be chemical 
as well, may be a little bit of pharma, but it is really the idea here is to kind of diversify from our 
legacy segments of chemical and pharma, so oil and gas, petrochemical would be a significant 
portion of this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Sir, my major questions are answered, but sir can you elaborate on heavy engineering side? What 
is our total rated capacity and what turnover we can do with the established facility and what are 
we doing for increasing that later on? 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
Tarak Patel: 
So Sanjay, good question. We do have additional capacity. For the last three, four years we have 
been Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 50 crores and odd. We can very easily in my opinion reach anywhere 
between Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 200 crores allowing the right kind of product mix. So we have to 
be very careful here in terms of what we bring in. There has to be the right combination. If you 
bring in all carbon steel only, which is low value, you might not even reach Rs. 100 crores and 
if you bring in let us say all stainless steel and hastelloy then you can very easily even do more 
than Rs. 200 crores. 
So finding the right product mix is something that we are working on. We have a clear strategy 
in this front, but all in all I believe that between Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 200 crores is currently our 
capacity. We have two large manufacturing sheds, which we have built recently. One was 
slightly older, one is new. We have capacity available and again I think it is important to 
understand that for this business line there is not a lot of CAPEX required. 
So even though if the business were to increase significantly, we can really bring and add 
manufacturing space very quickly by just adding space. So this business is something that we 
have been quite bullish on. Finally, we have a time where we have a good starting backlog and 
a good order book and hopefully now we can pick and choose good margin business that will 
allow us to have revenue growth as well as profitability growth going forward. 
Sanjay Shah: 
That is great. Tarak, can you highlight and elaborate on how our international verticals are 
doing? As you rightly pointed out we have got good orders from Malaysia and all, but how are 
our subsidiaries are doing Mavag and all and what are the opportunities you see outside India? 
Tarak Patel: 
So Mavag for all of you it is going to do extremely well this year. GMM already started with a 
very strong backlog, but Mavag has started with even better backlog. Last year I believe they 
did something like 12 million Swiss Franc to 13 million Swiss Franc, may be slightly lower than 
that, so this year they have very, very strong backlog. 
So you will see significant improvement in both Mavag’s revenue as well as bottom line. Many 
of you know that their breakeven is about 10 million Swiss Franc and we hope for them to 
perform very, very well because the order book is already on hand. Now it is only execution and 
they unlike in India have had no lockdowns and you will see in the next few quarters that their 
numbers will keep improving. 
Our parent also continues to do well so like we have seen in India there is a buzz around the 
world in both the chemical and pharmaceutical industries. Like investment is coming back on 
Indian shores the same way there is investment that is going back in the US and European 
markets as well. Many of these countries have realized that they were had over dependence on 
both India and China, so local capacities are being created. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
So I think globally chemical and pharmaceuticals are two industries that seem to be somewhat 
insulated from this crisis and I think over the next may be three years or so, you will see a good 
amount of investment in new capacity being added. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Kaushal Shah from Dhanki Securities, please 
go ahead. 
Kaushal Shah: 
Sir, I had two questions. One was if you can throw some light on the CAPEX that could be 
required? You mentioned about the fact that DDPSI there could be some investment required 
for you to streamline some activities or their processes are little different. So what would be the 
likely CAPEX that could be required in that facility for us to kind of get started in a meaningful 
way? 
And the second question was on the heavy engineering side. When you mentioned about the 
order book, so if we do the math roughly, heavy engineering has an order book of I would 
presume in the regions of around Rs. 80 crores, which is roughly let us say two quarters of work. 
So are we expecting additional orders as we go forward in heavy engineering when you 
mentioned that we are likely to see significantly better performance in the current year? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right so maybe I will answer the first question. The plant that we bought from DDPSI I think it 
is important to understand that it is still a good plant, it is a well maintained plant. It is run by a 
French multinational, so the systems, the quality levels, the maintenance of the equipment is 
quite high, so I do not see a lot of CAPEX happening there. 
I think maybe CAPEX in the range of maybe Rs. 8 crores to Rs. 10 crores over the next three 
years right, so that is something it is mainly in terms of just getting the plant painted, cleaned 
up, some new small equipment, small cranes and things like that. So no major CAPEX will go 
in and the numbers that we have planned currently are without a new furnace. There could be a 
possibility that if the markets are conducive, the markets are growing, we might even add a new 
furnace in Hyderabad. 
That is something that we have not taken a call of right now, but may be in the next six months 
to one year we will take a decision on that. There is space available to add new furnaces and 
then really ramp up the production capacity there. 
 
In terms of heavy engineering, yes, you should understand that business is good, but however, 
some of these items are long lead items. So even though we have a good starting backlog may 
be Q2 might not be at the same level, but for the year definitely you will see a significant 
improvement in the HE production and the output. There are capabilities we still have capacity 
available for Q3. 
There is a shortfall there by a few crores, but in Q2 and Q4, I think we have booked solid. So 
for this year we are now done, so now we are focusing on the booking business now for the next 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
financial year again having a good backlog to start the year will again help us grow further in 
this business line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, on the pharmaceutical side, if you can highlight how has been the order inflow or enquiries 
because what we have been hearing and what the government has been planning the incentives 
that they are planning to give for setting up API or intermediate plants in India, like there are big 
incentives coming in. If you can highlight how has been the enquiries and have the enquiries 
started getting translated into confirmed orders and how will this impact both our GLE business 
and any of the business that we have on the proprietary side? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, so I think that is a good question. If I were to be honest with you, it is still going to take 
some time even though there is a lot of talk, there is a lot of government pressure, it is too early 
for it to translate into actual orders on the ground. Having said that, there are smaller players 
intermediates who supply to the bigger guy who have started now investing in new capacities. 
So I have said that the tier-2 pharma guys, we have seen a traction there instead of them buying 
one or two equipment like they have been doing for the last five or six years, now they are buying 
8 to 10 equipment. 
So they are definitely adding capacity and that is probably a reason because Indian companies 
are now saying that why do not we have more local supply, so that is happening at the ground 
level. However, to see a big change in let us say Dr. Reddy’s or Sun Pharmas or Ciplas and 
Lupins of the world, I think that will take some time. 
There is a clear shift in policy for sure, like you mentioned that the government is encouraging 
manufacturing players. We have heard from customers like even the specialty chemical the 
customers that there is direct contact from central government to ask them to look at 
manufacturing intermediates locally, so all this is happening. The government has also identified 
three clusters for intermediate and pharma manufacturing. 
One of them like you know it is Pharma City in Hyderabad, but again to translate it to on the 
ground I think that will take some time. I think it will take a couple of quarters. Pharma City is 
still may be a year-and-a-half, two years away may be even more. But I think now the 
government will definitely push to move that a little bit faster, so that over the next few quarters 
we will see some traction there. 
 
In the meantime, the chemical business still continues to remain quite strong, so we still do have 
some time where business is not a problem if the market continues to grow and by the time the 
pharmaceuticals picks up we will see that then we will have additional capacity as well. Just one 
more point here, I think for you to understand is that pharma plants especially the older ones in 
Hyderabad have now reached their lifecycle. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
People are looking at upgrading these plants. Now with FDA issues coming in, people are 
looking at re-ramping many of these plants. Not only demand from new investment, but even 
demand from replacement business will pick up in the coming quarters. 
Ankit Gupta: 
But have you started the enquiries from some of these large companies? I think we have already 
supplied to them, so any additional enquiries from large companies like Divi’s, Dr. Reddy’s or 
Ciplas or they have not even started enquiring? 
Tarak Patel: 
So I would not compare Hyderabad Pharma with Mumbai Pharma. So Heteros, Aurobindos or 
Divi’s have always invested every year; they have projects. Hetero recently invested, Divi’s 
recently invested and they will continue to invest. So that is the continuous businesses. 
Aurobindo also is very bullish, however, Sun Pharma also recently did a bit of investment, but 
their investment is more in terms of operational improvements and efficiency improvements. 
They are revamping their old facilities and really trying to extract as much efficiency. So there 
are different strategies that play for different customers. Many of these also have the different 
products and markets, but overall I think you will see a shift of intermediate, I think you know 
that is something that the government is very, very strong about that they believe that our 
dependence on China is significant and that is something that we should reduce over time. 
Ankit Gupta: 
How much of our current backlog is from pharma and how much from chemicals? If you can 
give us the broad breakup? 
Tarak Patel: 
So about (+50%) is from chemicals, 55% is from chemical; about 30% to 35% is from pharma 
(+/-5%). 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay and this was almost a year-and-a-half back? Like we know pharma used to contribute more 
compared to chemical? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, exactly so we are pretty much at the same level still. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Deepak Mehta, Investor. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Mehta: 
My question is that as we have seen good momentum in first time in the heavy engineering, so 
we have added any new capacity or it is from our existing capacity? 
Tarak Patel: 
No, it is all from our existing facility in Gujarat. We have two sheds already available and we 
have not added any additional capacity in heavy engineering. 
Deepak Mehta: 
Okay and what is the order book right now for heavy engineering, sir? 
Tarak Patel: 
Like I mentioned the total order book on the end of the first quarter was Rs. 330 crores for the 
entire GMM Pfaudler, out of which half is for glass lined and half is for non-glass lined. So if 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
you calculate that it will be 25% for the two product lines that are not part of the glass lined 
business. 
Deepak Mehta: 
One more question that we are already doing great as a company, so we can see due to 
Atmanirbhar Bharat, so I think there would be some good push for our company as well. 
Tarak Patel: 
So yes, there are definitely opportunities. I think that you know having a significant competitor 
leave India and not compete with us for the next three years as part of his agreement of 
purchasing this acquisition and this land in Hyderabad that will be a significant advantage 
because we are indirectly now the only quality and technology glass lined equipment brand in 
India. 
Everybody else is not a global brand, they are all local players. So we definitely now have a 
differentiation in market the leadership, so that is something that is going to be beneficial to us. 
Like I mentioned that our ability to have access to this facility by the first week of September is 
also very important because right now the need of the day for us is to reduce our backlog and to 
give faster equipment, faster supply to our customers that will help us. 
In both the other businesses, the proprietary products and heavy engineering businesses we 
already have pretty much a backlog that takes us to the end of this financial year. So, we all only 
have to now execute. Financially we are stable, materials are not a problem. Our factories are 
now working at full capacities, so we are in a good situation. 
My only hope is that this virus does not the result in us having to close down, I do not think that 
is the case because we have a lot of SOPs and precautions that we have built in, but you know 
you never know with this virus, but it seems that things are now opening up and things are getting 
better. So I believe that you will see better performances from the company in the coming 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Hasmukh Gala from Finvest Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Hasmukh Gala: 
Just two questions from my side. One question is as on 1st of April we started with order backlog 
of about Rs. 350 crores, what we disclosed in Q4 conference call and now we are saying Rs. 330 
crores, does it imply that the inflow of orders have been lesser than what execution has been? 
Tarak Patel: 
No, I do not think so. I think while we have executed, we have also booked as you will see some 
small changes between every month, but the trends continue to remain strong. One or two 
months of poor orders because of the pandemic like I mentioned April would have been a very 
slow month, but things are picking up again, but nothing alarming because we have enough 
orders to take us at least for this financial year. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
We probably had some capacity in Q3 and Q4 for certain product lines, but that is something we 
will very easily if we maintain the same run rate of order book, we will meet those numbers 
very, very easily. 
Hasmukh Gala: 
Okay. Sir, on proprietary products, I think which includes this Sudarshan Chemicals business 
how that is fairing? 
Tarak Patel: 
That is doing also quite well. I think overall we have a very strong backlog in the proprietary 
orders the business, however, our Pune facility was shut for a little bit longer than our Gujarat 
facility. So that is something that we will make up, but yes these orders are of good quality and 
high margins and I think this is one product line again that you will see a good amount of growth. 
You will see a significant improvement in profitability because like I mentioned we are now 
focusing on high margin business not the standard product that some of our competitors make. 
We have been able to differentiate ourselves here. And we have a good amount of order book 
from our subsidiary in Switzerland as well, Mavag, which manufactures most of the components 
here locally in India because there is a cost advantage, has also seen a good upsurge in orders, 
which has translated into more business for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sriniwas Iyer from Rockford Consulting. 
Please go ahead. 
Sriniwas Iyer: 
Now in the last con-call you told that the gas furnace imported, two gas furnaces, are going to 
be installed by June-July. So, have they come? Or it is yet to reach your site? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right, so they have now arrived at Indian shore. They are now under Customs Clearances and 
they will be soon be moved to our factory in Karamsad, in Gujarat. And we should now see them 
operational in the next couple of months. And there has been no further delays or anything like 
that. We will now get them operational as soon as possible. 
Sriniwas Iyer: 
Okay, my next question is, because the low floating stock, the share trading in our comfort is 
very low, less than 20,000 every day. So, why do not you consider a liberal bonus, so that there 
can be increase in the floating stock and FII and institutions, the participation will be more? 
Tarak Patel: 
Sure, you know, we are always looking at ways of increasing the free float. I think both the Patel 
family and DBAG, who are the other promoters, have spoken about this in the past and keep 
speaking about this. We definitely want to add more visibility and higher quality of investors as 
well. And if there is an opportunity to do so, I am sure that we will do it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Dhavan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Dhavan Shah: 
I have a question on the GLE segment. So, out of this Indian GLE market of roughly Rs. 600 
odd crores, how much comes from Hyderabad and Telangana? And what is our overall market 
share for this market? 
Tarak Patel: 
I would say, about Rs. 100 plus crores would come from Hyderabad and Telangana. We still 
have a market leadership position there. We would be in the excess of 50% easily. It has not 
changed. The benefit now with this new plant is obviously that we can increase market share. 
We can also save on transportation costs. 
We spend a sizeable amount of transportation cost every year by sending equipment from 
Gujarat to Hyderabad. So that can be completely eliminated. And then, obviously being closer 
to our customers, we can even go after the smaller customers that had been missed out now. So, 
we can definitely look to increase market share in Hyderabad. 
Dhavan Shah: 
So sir, out of this, I mean you mentioned this Rs. 100 odd crores, what kind of opportunity size 
do you look at in the next two years? What kind of, the potential for this Hyderabad, Telangana, 
if the replacement demand comes up like you mentioned that many of the pharma plants are old 
so the more replacement demand are going to come. So what kind of market potential do you 
see from this Rs. 100 odd crores? Can it reach to Rs. 200 crores in next two years, or three years? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, so Rs. 100 crores is only our market share. There is also local players and some other 
players who also cater. So I would say the market size could be in the range of Rs. 250 crores. 
So one, we can still go after market share. Our Rs. 100 crores can increase to Rs. 150 crores or 
Rs. 200 crores by taking market share. 
Like you know, the only reason some of our key customers do not give us business currently 
today is because they had issues with the timelines and deliveries. So if we can maintain and 
make sure that we can deliver on time, a lot of that business will come to us automatically. 
We must also understand one major player has left India, right? So there is a vacuum that is 
going to be created. That market share is up for grabs. Somebody has to grab it. And since that 
player was a technology leader, it is very difficult for a value player or a low-quality player to 
take that market share. That market share will automatically come to us. 
But yes, looking at Hyderabad, looking at new capacity being added, because of Pharma City, 
looking at new replacement capacity, I do believe in the next two to three years you will see 
definitely demand going up in pharmaceuticals. There is going to be investment in new 
pharmaceutical facilities. 
And one of the other things important to keep in mind is when people build plants today, they 
do want to build world-class facilities with the FDA issues. Most of these customers are 
international players. They have audits all the time. People no longer want to save money on 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
equipment. They want peace of mind. So they usually want to go after branded and high quality 
products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, what is your view, what is Government is doing for this chemical industries and pharma 
industries which need shifting some business from China? First question is that. 
Tarak Patel: 
Right, so Government has been saying a lot of things. A lot of people have been talking about 
it, but we again need to see actual decisions at a ground level. I think lot of pharmaceutical 
players want to do and manufacture locally, but the Government has to support them with SOPs 
or some kind of leniency in terms of taxes or power, etc. Some additional benefits have to be 
passed on to these manufacturers. 
Because business is there and most of these guys can make things locally. The only reason they 
buy them now from China is because the Chinese cost structure is much, much lower than India. 
So if they can keep some amount of subsidies coming in to Indian markets, then you will see a 
lot of Indian companies putting up plants very quickly. And then taking advantage of that. So 
again, Government is talking and making all the right noises. However, we need to see actual 
decisions at a ground level. 
Ravi Naredi: 
So do you think such, this noise will convert in reality? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, I have seen recently, last week may be, there was some decision where the Government has 
earmarked about Rs. 10,000 crores for API intermediate manufacturing. But again, I think it is 
too early to state. I think this is a push of this Government. They have been saying for the last I 
think three to five years, even before this pandemic, and even before we had issues with China, 
that our dependence on China for intermediates was very, very high. 
I think now you will see real action on the ground in the coming months, because the 
Government is now pretty certain that they will have to do this to safeguard our interest, national 
interests. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Ronak Vora from AUM Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Ronak Vora: 
You said that the order book that you currently have is around Rs. 330 crores. So out of that, 
how much would be the advances that we get? 
Tarak Patel: 
About 30% approximately. It depends on product lines. In some products you might get higher, 
some products you get lower. But the advances would be around 30% or so, in general. I do not 
have that data, but I am just giving you a kind of a rule of thumb. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Salil Desai from Marcellus Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Salil Desai: 
Sir, I wanted to carry forward the question somebody asked on Proprietary Products. The 
profitability there has been elusive in the last six, nine months. Then we already had the couple 
of new product launches there. So, how will you see that panning out? When do you really see 
the new products or the higher margin products start contributing meaningfully? 
Tarak Patel: 
So you know Salil, we had actually seen a lot of traction here. We recently launched a product 
called the spherical dryer, which is a world-class dryer, which in the past we have launched this 
product may be four or five years ago. And we have actually sold may be two equipment in the 
last five to seven years. However, this year we sold close to seven of them, right? So these are 
very high value, high cost dryers but really show a significant improvement for the customer. 
There are specific products that the customers make, and one example is a product called 
valsartan, which has a drying time of close to 36 hours. We have seen that this product reduces 
that by about 50%. So when a customer has a high value product like valsartan, and they could 
reduce the drying time by 18 hours, that is a significant improvement in batch time. And we 
have seen a lot of traction in that product line. 
We also see that customers are now more interested in being a complete system, rather than 
doing just individual equipment. So they want us to add instrumentation, piping, heating & 
cooling, automation and stuff like that. So that is something that we have been working on, and 
we are really going after, and differentiating ourselves from being just an equipment supplier. 
Salil Desai: 
I see. And second is, many congratulations on the DDPSI completion of the acquisition. We 
hear, how was staffing? Do you inherit the people there or do, will they have to manage, do the 
whole staffing again? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, so Salil, I think we spoke about the capital allocation in the past and obviously I think this 
is a really a nice way of allocating capital for us. Because it is something that we know quite 
well. We have, over the last three or four years, really excelled at the execution at GMM in the 
Gujarat facility. So the idea is to very easily just cut-paste what we have done there, and move 
it to Hyderabad. 
The good and the beauty of this deal is that we do not have to take a single person. We can pick 
and choose who we will take. So our cost structure in Hyderabad will be significantly lower than 
that in the Gujarat facility. As per the agreement with DDPSI, they will retrench and terminate 
all their people. And then we have the ability to take whoever we want, depending on what we 
need. So there is no liability on us going forward. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
So it was just an asset purchase transaction. We get the factory, we get the building, we get the 
plant and machinery, and we get a three year non-compete. And then we can choose whoever 
we want once all the employees are terminated. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Apurva Shah from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Apurva Shah: 
My first question is on GLE. So out of Rs. 330 crores of order book, is there any revenue from 
our parent or partner? And is there any incremental order or enquiries have you seen in from that 
segment? And what is your view for orders from parent? 
Tarak Patel: 
Okay, so on the GLE segment we do not have any new orders from the parent company. Like I 
said, our focus is on India. The Indian market is booming, but something, just to let you know, 
we have got two very large orders for glass line equipment from Taiwan and from Malaysia. 
This will be in the range of may be Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 15 crores, which will be high value and 
high margin business as well. So export is something that we are working on. 
However this export would not have been possible without the support of our parent. So we 
worked on it as a team. So that is something that we continue to work on. And the parent itself 
is more open to using GMM in certain markets where the competition is higher or the price range 
is lower. 
So that has been something that is a positive. And in terms of other export business, we do see 
a lot of traction with the parent when it comes to the non-glass lining business; Heavy 
Engineering and Proprietary as well. So that will continue to grow over time. 
Apurva Shah: 
And sir, my second question is on Heavy Engineering. So in last two, three quarters, your 
commentary seems very optimistic for the Heavy Engineering segment. So, is it the right 
understanding that you see Heavy Engineering as a next growth driver? And if that is the right 
assumption, then over next three to five years, what kind of revenue contribution you envisage? 
So currently it is around 10% of our revenue. So can that go up to 30% to 40% in may be next 
five years’ time? And if again the answer is yes, what can be the revenue profile in that scenario 
where your revenue mix changes from GLE to non-GLE from current to may be 60:40 or 50:50? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right, so you know, every year we say that GLE will slow down and we expect all the other 
businesses to do better, but every year GLE surprises us. I still believe, for the next three years 
GLE is going to be one of the most important and the biggest part of our businesses, is also the 
highest margin business for us. So, we can never lose track of GLE. 
And now with the new facility coming up in Hyderabad, plus the two new furnaces, you will see 
growth in the GLE segment. Both, if the market grows, as well as for market share 
improvements. So that is going to be a focus for sure. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
HE is something that, yes, we have built capabilities over the past. We now have a very strong 
Sales team, who have been working very, very hard to get us accredited, approved by different 
vendors like TATA project, by like TOYOs, like EIS, like L&Ts of the world. I think that you 
will see a good amount of traction there. 
And the Proprietary Product range also continues to grow because that is one more area where 
the Indian customer is now looking for high technology products, looking at cost savings through 
either power saving, batch time improvement, more efficiency. 
So all in all, all product lines are growing. I would not say that one will replace the other. But I 
do not see a drastic change in terms of the product mix over the next three years. I think glass 
line will still be in the 60% range, and that will continue to grow. Yes, 60% to 70% range. 
And then the Heavy Engineering will grow probably at a faster rate because their starting point 
is much lower. And this year will be the first year where we will have significant improvement 
in revenues in Heavy Engineering and you will see also a good amount of improvement in the 
Proprietary products segment as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financials. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Just have a couple of questions from my side. Firstly, if you can highlight the client profile 
difference between DDPSI and GMM, how complimentary were they? And which are the new 
customers where you can possibly make an entry through this acquisition? That is my first 
question. 
 
And second, I wanted to understand one of the comments that you had made during the previous 
con-call that there are some companies which are moving production out of China is what you 
hear from the Pfaudler’s Global network. If you have any update or any examples that you can 
share on that front? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right, so DDPSI and Pfaudler are the global leaders in terms of glass-line equipment. Both are 
recognized and have the same reputation when it comes to high quality, high technology 
products. In India as well, if a customer was comparing GMM with somebody, they would first 
compare us with DDPSI. 
So very complimentary set of products, very similar. Obviously, their only limitation in terms 
of the Hyderabad facility was the size. They could go up to only 16,000 liters because their 
furnace does not allow them to do more than that. GMM Pfaudler obviously has a size range up 
to 80,000 liters, so there is significant difference in terms of capability. 
But all in all, I think when we bring our efficiencies into this facility, we can really ramp up 
quickly because their production cycle is very different from ours. They were obviously bringing 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
a lot of components from Europe as well, which was affecting their cost structure. But here in 
India we make everything locally. And again, economies of scale will also play an important 
role in terms of improving profitability. 
When we are buying more steel, when we are buying more glass, when we have more gear 
boxes, motors, all that thing will add value as well. So, DDPSI in that terms will be something 
that we will keep our cost structure in Hyderabad much, much lower. 
And in terms of customers, I would not say that there would be a significant amount of customers 
that we would add because we anyway know all customers in and around India. There could be 
a few small players who would be buying from DDPSI only and we would get those customers 
back. But, otherwise I think that most customers are well known. Our sales teams are very strong. 
Our market share across India is quite strong. So, winning new customers is really not an 
important part of this transaction. 
And then lastly, on the Pfaudler network, like you mentioned, we are seeing traction again. The 
traction is more talk right now. People are seeing this. It will take a few months to see actual, 
you know, it actually happening at a ground level. But most countries, most Governments, have 
a bit of negative connotation towards China. I think that will play through and you will see 
investments, local investments, picking up across the world. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Jason Soans from Monarch Networth 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
You had mentioned about your exposure to pharma and chemical sectors. How it has changed 
over the years. I just wanted you to repeat that, if possible? 
Tarak Patel: 
Sure, so historically pharmaceutical would have nearly account for about 55% to 60% of our 
total revenues. Now today, the chemical sector, which includes the agrochemical and specialty 
chemical sectors would account for nearly 50% to 55%, right? So that is which has happened. 
And pharmaceutical has reduced to about 30% to 35%. There have been some reasons for this. 
There has been, obviously pricing pressure for pharmaceutical companies in the US. There have 
been FDA issues here locally. And there has also been issues relating to manufacturing capacity 
and approvals. 
So, having said that, we have not seen a lot of investment in pharmaceutical over the last five 
years may be and the growth that has come for us has been really driven by chemical. The 
chemical, when I say chemical; chemical, agro and specialty. Because of the pollution control 
norms and the slowdown in China, a lot of that production has moved here. 
 
So our growth over the last three to four years has come from the chemical industries. However, 
going forward, there seems to be somewhat of revival in the pharmaceutical at a ground level. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
However, for us to see a complete revival, I think that will take some time. Maybe a few quarters, 
depending on Government policies as well as local manufacturing. I think that is something that 
we hope to see in the coming quarters. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure, and sir, about orders with respect to pharma and chemicals, any differences between 
margin profile of the revenue potential between these two sectors, if you could highlight some? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, not really. You will find high margin business in both sectors. The equipment size in 
pharmaceutical is much smaller. The equipment size in chemical is much larger. So the, may be 
the order value size could be significantly higher in chemical. The reaction itself in our chemical 
plant is much, much more intense. It is more corrosive. While in pharmaceutical, it is a little bit 
easier. 
However, having said that, pharmaceutical has a lot of controls like FDA and audits and things 
like that. So there, quality levels also are quite high. So in both businesses, it is very similar in 
terms of quality. It is very similar in terms of technology. There could be more add-ons and bells 
and whistles in the pharmaceutical segment, while in the chemical the sizes would go much, 
much higher. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Anush Mehta from Dalal & Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
Anush Mehta: 
Sir, I had two questions. My first question pertains to the number of manufacturing facilities 
where the parent is actually having as of today? Because there were a lot of news that the parent 
has shut down quite a lot of their facilities globally. That is one of the question. And second 
question sir, in Heavy Engineering, what are the, is the sector that is driving the growth is same 
as compared to GLE? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, I did not understand the first question. Sorry, were you asking about the Pfaudler factories 
around the globe? 
Anush Mehta: 
 
Yes. 
Tarak Patel: 
So they have not seen significant shutdowns anywhere except in China. China, we were moving 
to a new facility which was then pushed back by a few months, has now recently started. But in 
Europe, most factories were running across the entire pandemic. US also was running, so nobody 
has seen any shutdowns. There was some shortages with terms of supply chain and things like 
that, but no material adverse impact in any of those facilities. And the second question, sorry 
was? 
Anush Mehta: 
Was the sector that the driving growth for Heavy Engineering is same, i.e., in the sectorial 
breakup is same as that for the Glass Line equipments? Or there are different sectors driving 
growth for the Heavy Engineering? 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Tarak Patel: 
There is definitely growth coming from chemical industries. There is definitely growth in that 
sector. However, there are also new sectors that we are focusing on like oil & gas and 
petrochemicals, which will also add to the normal legacy sectors of chemical industries that we 
are catering to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Kirti Jain from Sundaram Mutual Funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Kirti Jain: 
Sir, how will our capacity addition will happen? This unit I believe, will add 600 units on 
equivalent basis. With the two furnaces, along with our base capacity, what will be our exit 
monthly capacity available at the end of FY21? 
Tarak Patel: 
So at the end of FY21, we would have capacity in Karamsad at the range of let us say, 2,300 to 
2,400, with the new furnaces. And in Hyderabad, we will have starting capacity of about 400 
EU. So, a total capacity of about 2,800 to 2,900 units. Just keep in mind that in Hyderabad we 
have already lost six months, so we only have six months of production available. And with 
these new furnaces in Karamsad in Gujarat, we will keep adding more and more smaller 
initiatives of re-organization, some small equipment, which will then add more and more 
capacity without really adding new furnaces. 
Kirti Jain: 
Okay, so we will be at the level of 250 per month in the March, right sir? In terms of the 
production availability? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, so we should be up to 225 now in the Gujarat, and you would do another 40 or so in 
Hyderabad. So yes, on a total basis, around 260 would be something that is very much possible 
immediately. And then going forward, we would look at ramping that up as well. 
Kirti Jain: 
Sir, Hyderabad maximum we can do only 40, sir, with the available factory? 
Tarak Patel: 
So right now, for the first year it is 400 units. If you divide 400 by 12 or whatever you get, you 
will get about the 40 to 50 per month. But as keep going in and re-organizing and working our 
efficiency, we will see that improving over time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Tarak Patel: 
So I think a lot of questions and a lot of answers. Hopefully they were clear. So I think we look 
forward to having you on our next call as well. Just to give the closing remarks. We are very 
happy with our performance in the first quarter. We believe that we have created a very strong 
foundation to help us achieve our targets for this financial year. And looking at the current 
backlog that we have and the markets that we cater to we do not believe that there is anything to 
worry about. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
July 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
The next three quarters are something that we have in our control and we will continue to 
perform well over the coming months and hopefully our numbers and our results will be 
something that will be positive for the market. So thank you very much and I look forward to 
speaking with all of you at a later date. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of GMM Pfaudler Limited, that 
concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for joining with us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
