 
 
10 July 2020 
                               
 
 
The Secretary 
 
 
  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
          “Exchange Plaza”,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
  
 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Subject: Management Transcript for Q4 FY 2020 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
We would like to provide the Management Transcript for Q4 F.Y.2020 Earnings 
Conference Call, which was held on 3 July 2020. 
 
The transcript of the Q4 F.Y.2020 Earnings Conference Call is also available on below 
mentioned Youtube video link: https://youtu.be/GBQkuksfP2Y 
 
We request you to take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Deepak Fertilisers 
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
 
K. Subharaman 
Executive Vice President (Legal) & Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
  

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemical Corporation 
Limited Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 03, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. KARAN SHAH – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAILESH MEHTA – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
 
MR. AMITABH BHARGAVA – PRESIDENT & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. MAHESH GIRDHAR – PRESIDENT & CORPORATE 
NUTRITION BUSINESS  
MR. SANJAY GUPTA – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT & 
CORPORATE STRATEGY  
MR. DEEPAK BALWANI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 

 
Page 2 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call of 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemical Corporation Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial 
Services Limited. We have with us today Mr. Sailesh Mehta, Chairman & Managing Director, 
Mr. Amitabh Bhargava, President & Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mahesh Girdhar, President & 
Corporate Nutrition Business, Mr. Sanjay Gupta, Executive Vice President & Corporate Strategy, 
Mr. Deepak Balwani, Head - Investor Relations. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Shah from Emkay Global. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
Karan Shah: 
Thanks Nirav. Good evening everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank them 
for giving us this opportunity. I now hand over to the call to Mr. Sailesh Mehta, Chairman and 
Managing Director for his opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Sailesh Mehta: 
A very good afternoon to all of you. During this challenging COVID time, I hope all of you and 
your families are in good health. I do hope that you are all maintaining the safety norms that have 
been recommended by the Government for the safety of all of us. I also believe you would have 
received Q4 FY2020 results which have been uploaded. While our CFO Mr. Amitabh Bhargava 
will be taking you through the detailed financials as usual. I thought I could share with you from 
a larger business perspective, how do I see the year that has gone by and how do we see the year 
that is now emerging and share some of the strategic, I would say, undercurrent that I have seen. 
Now let me first share what could be the biggest concern, query, anxiety that all of us would be 
having that how it has been like during COVID. Basically all our products, which is like IPA, 
technical ammonium nitrate and also fertilizer, all of our products were allowed under essential 
commodity act because fertiliser is the required for the farmers, IPA as you know is required for 
the hand sanitizer requirements and technical ammonium nitrate for the coal mining. So, all of 
them are essential, so we were back in stream probably in that first week itself and then on you 
know, we have been hovering around 65% to 75% in terms of operations. 
Having said that, like all others we have been struggling on getting maintenance people, truck 
drivers, so the supply chain had been on and off giving us some challenges and I think what 
brought in a certain degree of impact on operations. At the plant, since we were allowed this 
operations, we have made very strong control mechanisms to make sure that health and safety of 
our people are as best as possible controlled. We have institutionalized temperature controls, 
mask, certain critical area the PPE suits, social distancing of course, and we also had a 
disinfectant spray tunnel, and we have been testing the oxygen levels and all that and yet there 
have been some cases, but lot of them have asymptomatic and this is I think a gradual aspect that 
we all will have to accept till I guess the vaccine comes out or till we all built up an immunity. As 
far as our contribution goes, we have donated ambulances large number of face masks, large 
number of PPE suits to hospitals. We also provided our IPA and hand sanitizer to state 

 
Page 3 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
government authorities. We donated food packs to some of the migratory workers. We were also 
helping Taloja Manufacturers Association with various safety norms and SOP and of course all 
of us and gave one day salary which we donated to the CMs funds. Of course, this is in our small 
way in whatever best that we could help the society. As far as COVID goes, the key takeaway is 
that indeed the COVID has not impacted our operation that much and looking at the kind of 
alignment with the country's requirements we are in a decent shape. 
Coming to the various businesses, I will give some insights in terms of how we saw last year and 
a little perspective of how we see the current year coming up. As far as chemical business goes, 
let us say, if one were to take the acid segment last year, we saw the Dahej plant stabilizing - the 
new investments that were made in the new complex of Dahej and we could reach almost up to 
65% odd of capacity utilization. But more than that also in a lot of areas, the key efficiency 
norms were something that we could achieve and so in the current year, we will see now the full 
scale I would say positive impact of Dahej operation. In Q1 during the COVID period, while 
CNA had been doing reasonably well. As far as weak nitric acid goes, that has indeed been 
impacted because the downstream users of WNA have been impacted by COVID. We are seeing 
a gradual kind of pick up as the lockdown and other things are being removed. Then in the 
chemical business, as we look at IPA, Isopropyl Alcohol, as you all will recall, last year probably 
was the worst year, when we were severely impacted with the Chinese dumping and it had a 
massive impact in terms of the overall chemical business, of course of the IPA sector and so also 
for Deepak Fertiliser as a whole. As we see, Q1 there is very smart and complete I will say turn 
around because the worldwide requirement of IPA into the hand sanitizer and of course, even for 
the pharma sector has had a positive upliftment. Additionally, we have also begun some baby 
steps in climbing up the value chain where we are ourselves looking at entering the hand sanitizer 
market and other B2C products and though these are small baby steps, we have was very short 
presentation today also in terms of how we see that market.  
The second is mining chemicals technical ammonium nitrate. Last year we did have an impact 
emerging out of one was the flooding that happened because of the heavy rain that you may 
recall. Also, we saw that some of the infrastructure projects were impacted because of paucity of 
government funds for those infrastructure project. Some bit of the sluggishness continues in Q1 
where we find that some of the large infrastructure project somehow the government funds are 
still not reaching, but going forward, we see that since the government is looking at reviving the 
whole economy, they would be looking at much more stronger flow of funds to the infra project 
to revive not only the project but to revive the economy and that in turn will have a positive 
impact on the sales. Similarly while in Q1 because of COVID cement sector and its impact 
through limestone for us was impacted but since I would say now a few weeks we are seeing that 
there also that is revival coming back to normal.  
The third and most important segment where we are seeing a good change has been the fertiliser 
or our crop nutrition business, CNB business. Now as you recall even last time what I shared I 
am happy to share that Q3 and then of course Q4 we could establish our new strategic business 
model. There are three pillars on which the new models stand, one is moving from the 
commodity fertilisers to crop specific specialty. Second pillar is transition move from customers 

 
Page 4 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
to consumers meaning that instead of just focusing on the channel, the dealer segment, we have a 
much stronger interaction at the farmer level, the consumer end. The third I would say key 
principal that we brought in as a part of the strategy was to move from competitive pricing to 
value pricing and at value pricing link to what kind of an improvement in yield and quality that 
we can bring specific to the crop and whether we can start pricing on that basis. So this aspect of 
it is a key change from bulk commodity orientation and with a lot of web store and with a whole 
lot of drive, we had been pushing this and I am very happy to share that we now see its positive 
reflection right from invoicing, liquidation, collection and above all, premium pricing in 
comparison to somewhat similar products of competition. This actually impact in Q3, Q4 that we 
saw to me is a fundamental shift and it is a basic brand building that we are establishing and that 
is something which we are seeing sustaining.  
Now for the current year while we see the rains which are normal and of course last year also the 
rains were very good, so the water levels have been good. So that has somewhat resulted into 
brisk sale and again, I am happy to share that the premium pricing that we had established from 
Q3, Q4 now we are seeing actual evidence that it is sustaining. Those are the aspects about the 
three businesses. As far as manufacturing operation goals again, we have been pushing for very 
strong TQM based approach, so that there is a far greater degree of focused ownership right up to 
the lowest level and it is a decided improvement in terms of maintenance practices and other 
areas thus we have also driven a lot of cost optimization efficiency drive which have all 
contributed finally to the bottom line and we see its sustenance in the current year also. 
Finally, as far as the project goes, we did have an impact from COVID because of certain delays 
in the government bodies to clear some aspects and somewhere along non-availability of people 
impacting. However, what we see positive is that the fall in the gas prices has also shown a very 
positive impact in terms of the potential project IRR and return and other is we are seeing for the 
continued good trend in terms of the mining needs which we see a long-term good strong 
prospect. So broadly this is what I would like to share from larger strategic perspective. I will 
now hand over to Amitabh Bhargava, our CFO who can take you through the more specific 
figures and then of course your questions are most welcome. Like I said, we will then end up 
with a small presentation on the hand sanitizer market and B2C market move that we see and like 
I said, while they are baby steps we thought it is something interesting so we have drawn in Mr. 
Sanjay Gupta to share those thoughts with you. So once again, be safe and be in good health. 
Thank you. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for the joining Deepak Fertitliser conference 
call to discuss the Q4 and full year FY2020 results. During the fourth quarter of FY2020, we 
reported a total revenue of Rs.1293 Crores and at a consolidated level with operating EBITDA of 
Rs.120 Crores. Operating margins increased to 9.2% in Q4 FY2020 as compared to 6.8% in Q4 
FY2019. This was primarily driven by improved fertiliser business performance as Chairman 
also mentioned and cost optimization initiatives. Net profit increased from Rs.5 Crores in Q4 
FY2019 to Rs.23 Crores in Q4 FY2020. For the full year total revenue for FY2020 was Rs.4685 
Crores compared to Rs.6742 Crores in FY2019. The reduction in the revenue was mainly on 
account of strategic reduction in chemicals and fertilisers which we have been keeping everyone 

 
Page 5 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
abreast of in our various calls. The company cautiously consolidated trading portfolio with focus 
on high margins products. The chemical trading consciously reduced by almost Rs.1400 Crores 
Y-o-Y and fertiliser trading also reduced to Rs.490 Crores Y-o-Y. Operating margins increased 
to 9.9% in FY2020 as compared to 6.8% in FY2019. As on March 31, 2020, total debt of the 
company marginally declined to Rs.2927 Crores from Rs.2994 Crores at the end of September 
2019. Short-term debt level declined to Rs.719 Crores from Rs.1064 Crores. Strategic reduction 
and trading business as mentioned earlier and also better working capital management in 
fertilizer segment primarily helped in reduction of short-term debt. Long-term debt end of March 
of 2020 increased to Rs.2084 Crores from Rs.1845 Crores at the end of September 2019. Overall 
net debt to equity improved to 1.25X in March 2020 from 1.34X in September 2019 and our 
external ratings have been recently reaffirmed by ICRA long term back facility rating in A+ 
stable and short-term bank facility rating is A1. 
During FY2020, as you are aware that it has been extremely volatile on the foreign exchange side 
due to various global issues and with rupee appreciating by 9.36% more particularly in Q4 when 
it was a steep 5.9% as COVID-19 outbreak had to the financial markets globally. We review our 
hedging policy regularly and the same is followed to hedge our foreign exchange exposure to 
minimize the fluctuation impact.  
In the fertilizers, the delayed monsoon and lower Rabi crop impacted the famers leading to 
slower demand in the first half of the year. However, a strong retrieving monsoon and higher 
water reservoir level demand recovery in the second half of the year. Even as the market 
remained subdued, company remains focused on demand generation. It embarked on crop 
specific market development campaign including promotional activities, crop seminar, and 
farmer meeting and product demonstration in farmer fields. Fertilizer reported a revenue of 
Rs.421 Crores in Q4 FY2020, sale volume of nitrate phosphate ANP increased by approximately 
19% Y-on-Y in Q4 FY2020 although NPK volumes decreased by about 9% Y-o-Y. Despite this 
decrease, overall margins improved significantly due to highest Smartek in our product mix, 
which is a premium product. Fertilizer segment margins improved from negative 7.4% in Q4 
2019 to positive 9.5% Y-o-Y in Q4 FY2020. Segment margins expansion also achieved on full 
year basis. Good Rabi sentiment in core command area and good price realization in key cash 
crops such as onion has helped the company with better margins during the quarter. Increased 
ground water level in the core command area also supported the margins. COVID-19 impacted 
production of NP/NPK at Taloja for few days during March 2020. In line with our strategy 
during the quarter, the Company has successfully moved its entire sales through differentiated 
products almost 90% of total bulk sales was market focused. Trading revenues of fertilizers 
business for FY2020 declined to Rs.325 Crores from Rs.744 Crores for FY2019, this reduction is 
in line with the strategic decision to move to differentiated NPA/NP risk.  
In the chemical business manufactured chemical business reported revenues of Rs.583 Crores in 
Q4 FY2020 as compared to Rs.629 Crores in Q4 FY2019. Chemical trading business was about 
Rs.482 Crores in FY2020 compared to Rs.1886 Crores in FY2019. This of course, like I 
mentioned earlier, is due to consolidation of trading portfolio. For the full year 2020, despite 
subdued domestic demand owing to extended monsoon affecting the coal industry, lower 

 
Page 6 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
production and off take in infrastructure consumption, the Company maintained it contribution 
margins of business vertical by servicing alternative market value addition, price responsiveness 
to market reality and declining the raw material prices. Our TAN business was reported muted 
performance during the quarter with total TAN revenues decreased by 22% Y-o-Y to Rs.274 
Crores. TAN solid volumes declined by 18% and AN melt volumes were lower by 25% on Y-o-
Y basis resulting in lower revenues. LDAN volumes in Q4 FY2020 were lower by almost 40% 
Y-o-Y mainly due to liquidity issues and stalled large-scale infrastructure projects. Restrictions 
on movement and lockdown situation in the month of March due to the COVID-19 pandemic has 
also impacted the domestic TAN business as well TAN exports.  
Acids revenues decreased by 4% Y-o-Y to Rs.103 Crores in Q4 FY2020. COVID-19 impacted 
has production of Nitric Acid as well. Our Nitric Acid plant at Dahej has completed its first full 
year of operation and achieved overall capacity utilization of approximately 65%. All WNA and 
CNA plants at Dahej have stabilized and proved running at beyond 100% rated capacity. During 
Q4 FY2020 IPA production was at 18.8 KT and our IPA facility operated at 100% capacity. IPA 
revenues increased by 30% Y-o-Y to Rs.141 Crores in Q4 FY2020. During the quarter, both NSP 
and cost adversely impacted IPA margins though we have started seeing some bid of decrease in 
terms of Chinese import in the beginning of quarter, but overall due to unfavourable market 
dynamics we saw the overall margins in IPA have been subdued although the outlook of IPA has 
improved significantly towards the end of the quarter. 
Chemical trading business was at Rs.172 Crores in Q4 FY2020, up by 17.4% Y-o-Y. Strong 
demand for IPA resulted into the higher trading volume in Q4. However, unlike Q4 FY2020, 
chemical trading business declined to Rs.482 Crores in FY2020 compared to Rs.1,886 Crores in 
FY2019. Continuing positive momentum which we have gained during the last quarter, we are 
confident of attaining our business goals and maximize the shareholder wealth in the coming 
quarter. As an effort to support government to combat COVID-19 pandemic, we have recently 
forayed into alcohol-based sanitizers and disinfectant. Here I would request my colleague Mr. 
Sanjay Gupta to share more insights on our new sanitizer business. Thank you very much right 
from my side and will be opened to questions after Sanjay, he will take us through our initiatives 
on sanitizers and disinfectants. 
Sanjay Gupta: 
Good afternoon everybody I am Sanjay Gupta here. So as Mr. Bhargava mentioned we have 
started manufacturing of IPA based hand sanitizers and all the necessary permissions from the 
FDA and the state authorities have been taken. We will be producing in the various pack sizes 
right from 50 ml to tanker loads which we can offer in various segments like B2C, B2B and even 
to small sanitizer repackers. We are right now working on developing the distribution network 
for these various segments. Historically, sanitizer has been a very small category and right now it 
is in a state of chaos because there is a huge pull for the product and there is also a mushrooming 
of lot of small manufacturers in their segments. We have also registered our brand in the name of 
Cororid and going forward, we will definitely be looking at complementing this product range 
with other product range in disinfectant categories. We have put a panel of experts from various 
industries, like hospital and marketing to work on this project and of course, we will be looking 

 
Page 7 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
at developing some contract manufacturers who could help us ramp up this business. That is all 
from my side. Thank you. Over to you Deepak! 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is from 
the line of Ritika Gupta from Aequitas Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ritika Gupta: 
I wanted to know regarding the IPA business. What will be the industry size? How much would 
be the imports from China, currently we are not the sole manufacturers anymore of IPAs so like 
how are we seeing the prices over there? And how much of our IPA is going into the sanitizer 
business? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Before COVID, I would say that the market size was about 180,000 to 190,000 tonnes, we have 
seen obviously a huge spurt in demand because of disinfection requirement so today as we speak 
the demand as high as 200,000 tonnes. Of course, this could fluctuate and depending on how the 
situation emerge on the COVID, but we believe that some of this increase in demand is here to 
stay because in general IPA as preferred disinfection ingredients has a lot of push even from 
various medical agencies There is demand which should stay in-between 180,000 tonnes to 
230,000 tonnes. I will come back to you exactly in terms of what proportion what exact number 
are we selling today of disinfection or to hand sanitizer category, but I think about 70% - 80% of 
our product is still going to the pharma segments because overall the hand sanitizer segment is 
still quite a small segment in terms of the overall IPA usage. In terms of prices, while as such 
what I would share with you what has happen to prices in terms of CFR India because our prices 
are by and large track on CFR India basis. Before the COVID, we were looking at about $780 to 
$820 of CFR prices of IPA. This is seen during the quarter as high as $1600 per tonne prices and 
today I think CFR prices lay somewhere $1300 to $1400 per tonne so the prices of CFR India 
will not only track the demand in the Indian context, but I think the global demand in Europe, US 
and therefore a lot of Asian product would also get diverted so long as they get healthy margins 
in Europe and in fact Europe prices have been even higher than the CFR India prices during the 
quarter. So as such I think we would track the prices to pharma segment. As you know out of 
whether you take 180,000 tonnes or 220,000 T or 230,000 T whatever is the final range of 
demand, our own production is about 70,000 to 74,000 tonne and new capacity that have come 
domestically are also in the range of about 30,000 tonne. So, that still leaves a huge market for 
import and because the prices we do not see actually that the consultation or prices getting 
affected because of domestic dynamics it will be more driven by the international dynamics of 
IPA prices and therefore CFR India IPA prices will by and large be the deciding factor for the 
prices we see in the domestic market. 
Ritika Gupta: 
And Sir can you give us color on the raw material used for IPA and prices as well? 
Amitabh Bhargava : 
The energy prices also came down during this quarter and crude prices were down of course they 
recovered from low but Propane, Butane, as we know are other derivatives of crude and to that 
extend there has been a softening of even RGP prices which find our track to combination of 
Propane and Butane prices. I would say, there have been by and large at a lower level than what 
we saw in pre-COVID norm. 

 
Page 8 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
Ritika Gupta: 
And Sir how sustainable do you think that these prices for IPA and I mean the spread between 
your RGP and IPA is? 
Amitabh Bhargava : 
So I think in short to medium term of let us say it is very difficult for anyone to take a guess and 
see how long the pandemic situation will continue and in some of these statements from WHO 
seems to be worrying in a sense that they saying that worst is yet to come. Now to that extent, it 
is very difficult to say how long and so long as the pandemic situation globally remain active, we 
will continue to see demand of IPA from hand sanitizer and disinfectant segment and until then I 
think prices will remain high. Now, it is very difficult as you can remember that pre-COVID we 
were at $800 dollars now we are at $1300 to $1400; huge difference is what has happened now. 
One thing, that our business also has to see, by and large that some of these demands globally 
and also in India will remain high for the hand sanitizer segment. How much of it is sustainable 
or long-term demand is also something that is very difficult to guess and RGP on the other hand 
you know, I would say it would track by and large crude prices. Now crude prices also appears 
that there is general softening in energy prices, be it gas or fuel but you know how crude prices 
also get affected not just by demand supply but a lot of geopolitical issues.  
Ritika Gupta: 
So on the long-term what are sustainable margins for the IPA business I understand that these are 
extraordinary times? 
Amitabh Bhargava : 
So we have in the past if you see before the cycle in last six to eight quarters, we had seen on an 
average Rs 15000 per tonne to somewhere in Rs. 18000 - 19000 per tonne of contribution 
margin, we have by and large, we were in at that level until the whole Chinese dumping also took 
place. As we briefed earlier, that we were in that kind of situation for six to eight quarters, we 
filed an application for quantitative restriction and safeguard duty, now today of course the 
environment is such that all the fundamental have changed. But if it is again situation like earlier 
then we believe there is a reason for us to go back to the government and request for making sure 
that there are quantitative restriction or duty to avoid any kind of dumping that is likely to affect 
the domestic industry. I think we have the price aspects and looking at demand supply, but even 
we would keep all the measures and options open if that situation that we saw in last six to eight 
quarters were to repeat itself. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Anurag Patil from Roha Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Sir, can you throw some update about this ammonia project we were planning to go ahead with? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Like Chairman had mentioned briefly that we are seeing some relief in terms of government 
approval. Also, in today's situation, there is huge uncertainty of labor and heavy logistics and 
transportation that is required for implementation of project of this size and scale, so we are also 
at a stage where we are trying to assess the impact of the whole environment and how soon can 
contractors get comfortable in committing that labor and logistics is available for them to start 
the implementation part. So, from that point there is a level of uncertainty that we are facing, but 
that said I think one aspect that which Chairman also briefly mentioned that we have seen fairly 

 
Page 9 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
good improvement in the gas prices because of not just there is more domestic gas has auctioned 
and we have seen some auction prices at which the gas has got sold, but even the imported LNG 
prices have got corrected severely and we have right now discussions with two or three large gas 
suppliers and aggregator and some of the initial terms that we have received from them, there is 
some indication that the gas prices that we had assumed when they had conceptualized the 
project versus gas prices that they have realization in the next five to eight years there would be a 
substantial sort of saving on the raw material side. And, to that extent, the viability of the project 
will be improved, does not remain the way it was when we commenced, but there is in level of 
uncertainty that we have to go through because of Covid situation. 
Anurag Patil: 
One more question of fertilizers margin, so it has improved in this quarter, so next couple of 
years what kind of improved margins you are targeting in this segment? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
This is forward-looking kind of a statement. I do not think, I can give you any sense on that 
number, but what we can mention is that the initiative that they taken in last two quarters, they 
are sustainable in the sense that there is a lot of work that has happened at the farmer level where 
the efficacy of our fertilizer or the Smartek product has got well established at the farmer at this 
field level and that has given us a confidence that the premium that we have in the market today 
over similar product, it is not just sustainable, but there is a scope for further improvement. So 
that is from the market side the price and the kind of premium that we are getting gives us a level 
of confident, equally we did some bit of work our plant side in the organization as a whole 
marketing and sales organization and we have done what we believe are sustainable 
improvements on the cost side, so what we see today Q4 numbers, which first place we said, is 
the combination of these two. The other aspect which we have not yet fully utilized.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Good afternoon to everyone. My question is regarding again the fertilizer segment. Last year also 
in the same quarter, we had good amount of sale of products under the Smartek brand and despite 
that there will be issues at that time that we faced the channel inventories were higher, we have to 
offer discount and improve our receivable. So just to get some clarification on sustainability of 
these margins, if in future if we see the competitive intensity revise again, do we expect the 
margins to go back down? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I missed your last sentence. 
Lokesh Manik: 
I am just trying to understand that the competitive intensity revised again, I am assuming the 
competitive intensity was low this quarter given the good off take and good monsoon and water 
reservoir levels, I am assuming the competitive intensity was low this time, I am just trying to 
understand that when the competitive intensity increases, do we need to resort to discounting 
again to close the pricing gap to make sure we generate enough sale? 

 
Page 10 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
Amitabh Bhargava: 
One is, I think we are operating to that extent the prices that competition sets that become 
benchmark and you cannot completely ignore that, what has happened and what we have at least 
said to ourselves that in Q3 and Q4 to the extent. Let us say, raw material prices went down and 
there was a reduction that is expected in the MRP, we could still in several market while we may 
not have faced competition across our margins, in certain segments we did not face the 
competition. We could still keep our sales at that level, purely because the demand or the pull 
from the farmers after they have seen the marginal cost benefit ratios to them has given us that 
confidence that even if they were to be a competition there have been instances where market, the 
competition gives discounts for collection we did not. We still managed to collect good amount, 
because there were dealers that wanted material and they were happy to pay us for our cost so 
that we know the credit line open up for us to sell more product to them. There is definitely a 
confidence in the team that these margins are sustainable and even if this competition were to 
intensify or the raw material prices were to take a reverse trend we will still be in a position and 
our business margins still we believe will be there. We have not yet fully priced of the product 
and there is a possibility of doing better on product and of course there are certain cost aspects 
which we are still working on both on the plant and on the logistics which should help to start 
yielding the result. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Right and the products that are converted to Smartek out of the government regulation in terms of 
pricing under the NBS scheme or they are not? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
No, they are not. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Okay, Sir just one last clarification in the consolidated P&L statement, there is an entry of 
purchase of goods or stock in trade, which is showing negative Rs.108 Crores, so if you can just 
clarify what is that exactly in it, has it been mixed up with changing inventory or something of 
that sort? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I think what has happened in nine month members is that and this is… 
Lokesh Manik: 
Q4. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I will come to that point, Intra Group Company between STL and Deepak Fertilisers, we have 
taken off some finished product, those products were manufactured in one unit, but they get sold 
out at the other unit. There was sort of a entry error in terms of what goes into raw material and 
what goes into cost of traded good, there was an excess entry that had gone earlier and cost of 
traded good which has been corrected now, so nine months has been corrected in full year so that 
is how it is appearing. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Okay Q3 is the one which should have been, Q3 would have been the one? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
For Q1 to Q3 in all quarters, there was an entry, it should have passed in cost of traded good, it 
got passed in raw material and to that extent raw material and cost of traded goods, and the 
number remains the same and also for EBITDA is same. 

 
Page 11 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
Lokesh Manik: 
That I am just clarify because it usually comes under change in stocks, so I just thought there 
may be a typing error or something of that sort. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
This is change in inventory of finished goods and that is a separate entry. 
Lokesh Manik: 
I understand that usually the negative number appears there and the number is always positive… 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Question is absolutely perfect, normal course there is never a negative entry in cost of traded 
goods. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Thank you so much. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from India Infoline. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Good evening. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Just on the IPA business, just 
wanted to understand 15000 to 19000 contribution margin you spoke about, at what level of 
average prices would that have been in the past? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Average prices, we have seen about $900 to $1000 of CFR prices which went down to as low as 
$650 in this period where there was a lot of Chinese items coming, so basically I would say this 
was anywhere between $900 to $1100 CFR prices of IPA then we would have seen this kind of 
margin, of course margin is function of both where in the IPA price and the raw material 
propylene prices and propylene prices have also got fluctuated because of the crude prices are 
gone up and down, but on an average before these six to eight quarters of margin squeeze that we 
saw, we were depending on what is happening to IPA and RPG prices, we saw that contribution 
to this product. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it, that is helpful. Second thing, just to understand in terms of the capex plans for FY2021, is 
there a budget we are working with and given the fact that the IPA business should be doing 
much better, the fertilizer business should also be doing much better in terms of profitability. The 
additional cash flow that we generate will that be going primarily into capex or would be 
consider sort of slowing down the capex or using these cash flows to pay down debt in the 
interim? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Debt as such in the interim depending on what additional capex we are doing and what is the 
generation of internal cash accrual. We would have in short term the debt will come down, that 
we have a capex program out of which the ammonia project is in a fairly advanced stage, so as 
far as the ammonia project is concerned, we would continue with our capex plan. At this moment 
like I said, because of uncertainty around when construction can come in, contractors are unable 
to make commitment because of labour and logistic issue. There is a level of uncertainty around 
how much capex could go into this year, but in short term yes, whatever internal accruals that we 
do, will go towards reducing the debt. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Good evening. Just a couple of questions from my side. When I look at the balance sheet almost 
Rs.2100 Crores of long term debt and about Rs.700 Crores of short term debt on a gross level, 
how much of it is attributable to the chemicals business and how much of it is attributable to the 
fertilizer business? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Long term roughly about Rs.850 Crores is on account ammonia project and the balance we have 
taken one term loan for our Dahej project which is roughly about Rs.430 Crores odd, other than 
that in the chemical segments we do not have any term debt, rest of the term that there is after 
removing the Dahej that is Rs.430 Crores and Rs.850 Crores odd that is ammonia, rest of the debt 
is buy and large for the fertilizer business. As far as the short term debt is concerned again if I am 
not wrong about Rs.170 Crores odd of short term that was in the chemical segment that is in the 
industrial chemical segment which is in Deepak Fertiliser. We had marginal debt of about let us 
say about Rs.80 Crores to Rs.90 Crores of working capital debt for chem and that is for the short 
term debt is again related to fertilizer. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
And what was your trading volumes in the fertilizer business for the full year? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Any of my colleagues on the call, Deepak do you have the figure readily with you? 
Deepak Balwani: 
I am just pulling it out. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Generally what is the margin that you make in your fertilizer’s trading business range of margins 
may be? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So in the speciality segment which is sort of regular segment that we trade in as it goes as a part 
of our overall basket. There the margins can be in lower level, in the bulk, normally also enter 
into bulk segment either to meet the demand, because we are not able to produce which was the 
case at some stage when we did not have enough suppliers or if we are able to produce such we 
typically enter that segment only at the contribution level with it almost let us say margin to 
lower than what we make in place of bulk of NPK. The Smartek of course are the higher margin, 
so long as the pricing of bulk manufacture if you were selling that versus that we could get in the 
trading are equal then we typically go with other additional bulk trading otherwise we normally 
built. Also, at times, the market demand certain products as far as overseas basket I think that 
typically the rational for using for bulk trading, otherwise our preference is to have Smartek 
market and more of manufacturers bulk market and avoid bulk trade as much as possible unless 
the market demand requires it. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So,bulk fertilizer trading only to meet demand otherwise your trading business would be 
restricted to speciality trading where you make lower level, would my understanding be correct? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Yes. 

 
Page 13 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay and I just wanted to your thoughts on the thought process Rs.180 Crores right issue? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
We are not supposed to given that, board has approved and we have been advised not to speak on 
right issue I think we will keep communicating what we communicate to stock exchange etc. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay, I just wanted the trading number in the fertilizer segment? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Deepak, do you have that number? 
Deepak Balwani: 
It was 86kt Sir. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
86000 tonnes. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay, thank you. All the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
My question is related to TAN, you said that your factories were operating at 60% - 65% is that 
applicable to TAN as well? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Since we were facing challenges in recent times, so as Chairman said 65% - 70% is an overall 
capacity utilization across manufacturing, we are facing challenges because the downstream 
customers were not operating, and so there was a lower capacity utilization particularly in Dahej. 
We had certain challenges in capacity utilization on the fertilizer side, because these evacuation 
rates were high because of the lack of availability of labour and cost etc. We had to choose either 
the plant at lower capacity or shut totally. TAN also is facing evacuation issue, but I would say 
TAN also by and large, it is very difficult for me to say that 65% - 70% or more, but this is the 
average that present in terms of across the product segment. 
Sunil Jain: 
Are we seeing some improvement in June, capacity utilization or how should that have improved 
in TAN? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Overall demand on the infrastructure segment is weak, I think there is perhaps it is going to take 
a little longer for it to recover. Lot of the infrastructure projects which were needing the TAN are 
facing slowdown and in such cases complete stoppage of those plants. As far as coal segment is 
concerned, again the demand right now seen some deterioration in demand because overall 
power requirement and therefore Coal India production were getting affected because of the 
liquidity challenge. We have seen that now recovering and business post monsoon which is again 
a lean period as far as TAN is concerned, hopefully we should see better demand from coal and 
cement segment. In fact, we saw cement plant was shut for a period and therefore that demand 
has gone up, but both cement and coal should be back from two previous level, but this is any 
case of lean period. We are also trying to see some export as we can as well as demand on the 
import side. If that happens overall Q3, Q4 should be reasonable or a normal quarter. A lot of 
those we will have to see from month to month what is happening on the demand side. 

 
Page 14 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
Sunil Jain: 
Second question related to fertilizer, we saw very good profitability improvement in this quarter, 
so you had taken a lot of effort to improve fertilizer division, but there could be some gain on 
account of pricing of raw material and all, so how much support you look from the pricing of raw 
material and in this particular which is more of can continue for some time, but key thing is how 
much is your benefit from your operational improvement which can sustain for a longer time? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Price of raw material does help in this business, you would see that whenever the prices of raw 
material are lower, fertilizer company will benefit and vice versa, and to that extent, we cannot 
take away the credit from raw material supply or raw material prices. But, the point is that, to 
some extent raw material prices have gone down, our prices on the MRP side have not 
necessarily gone down to that extent. Likewise, our ability to continue to not give discounts on 
the dealer segment or overall on the marketing side also is a function of how the demand is.  
Demand not just for overall fertilizer, but for our market products and as long as we continue to 
get this kind of a demand that we had generated through our efforts at the farmer level if that 
remains and we believe that even at the prices of raw material were to go up, we would continue 
to see our margin. Of course, like I said, the raw material does play a key role, but our ability to 
sustain that price or not reduce the prices to the extent or increase the prices to the extent of raw 
material prices are increasing that pricing power is certainly better for us. 
Sunil Jain: 
That is good to hear Sir. Last small question, about this debt whether we used to moratorium 
benefit offered by the banks? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
We have only in our ammonia project, but in all other our existing long term or short term both in 
the operating company, we have not offered moratorium. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question for 
today. Karan Shah would you like to give any closing comments. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you to the management for this opportunity to host the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 15 of 15 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY2020 Earnings Conference Call  
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Deepak Balwani  
Associate Vice President – Investor Relations 
deepak.balwani@dfpcl.com  
+91 20 6645 8733 
 
Ajay Tambhale 
Churchgate Partners 
deepakfertilisers@churchgatepartners.com  
+91 22 6169 5988 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reg. and Corp. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No.: 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India 
Web: www.dfpcl.com 
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 
 
 
Safe Harbour: 
This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without limitation, 
statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to DFPCL’s 
future business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our 
assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties 
and other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our 
expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and 
regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological 
developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and 
other key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. DFPCL undertakes no obligation to 
publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
Disclaimer: Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of 
requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, a rights issue of its equity shares in the near 
future and is in the process of filing a letter of offer with the stock exchanges and with SEBI 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
