ARIHNT
SUPERSTRUCTURES
LTD.
CONTINUING
STABILITY
CONTINUING
STABILITY
21July, 2020
Corporate Relations Department
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 506194
Class of Security: Equity
Listing Compliance Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza,
Plot No. C/1,G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Symbol: ARIHANTSUP
Series: EQ
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call:
Sir /Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find attached Transcript of Conference Call, organized on
Tuesday, 30 June, 2020 at 04: 00 P.M. by the Company to discuss the Audited Financial
Result for the Quarter/Financial Year ended 318March, 2020.
Kindly take the same in your records and inform the Stakeholders accordingly.
Thanking You
Yours Faithfully
For Arihant Superstructures Limited
ao
Company Secretary
:e Officer
Enclosed: a/a
L51900MH1983PLC029643
Arihant Aura, B-Wing, 25" Floor, Plot No 13/1, I
1·
.
.
TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road,
Tel.: 022 6249 3333
Website : www. asl.net.in
li
bh
N
· M
b
· M h
ht
400705
022 6249 3344
Email
: rnfo@osl.net.rn
ur
e,
lav
uma n,
aliarasltra-
l

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
“Arihant Superstructures Limited Q4 FY20 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
June 30, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK CHHAJER – CHAIRMAN & MD 
 
MR. DEEPAK LOHIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
June 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Arihant Superstructures Limited Q4 FY20 
earnings conference call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Lohia – CFO, Arihant Superstructures. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Lohia: 
Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us for Q4 FY20 results ended 31st March 2020 
earnings call for Arihant Superstructures Limited. Please note that the results and presentation 
have been mailed to you and you can view on the BSE India site also. To take us through the 
results and to answer your questions today, we have Mr. Ashok Chhajer – Chairman & 
Managing Director of Arihant Superstructures Limited. We will be starting this call with a 
brief presentation giving an overview on company performance followed by questions & 
answers. 
The revenue for the Q4 FY20 on Consolidated basis versus Q4 FY19 is 622.99  million for this 
quarter compared to 686.00 earlier quarter of corresponding quarter. The EBITDA has 
increased 140.48 million for FY Q-04 to 154.91 million for Q-04 FY 20. The PBT has also 
increased from 49.63 million  Q-04 FY 20 to 81.07 million. The PAT has also increased 35.30 
million Q4 FY 19  to 69.05  million for Q-04 FY 20  over to corresponding quarter. 
If you compare consolidated financial figures for Q4 FY20 versus Q3 FY20 previous quarter , 
the revenue is 641.55 million for Q3 FY20  to 622.99 million for Q4 FY 20. The EBITDA is 
138.88 million for Q3 FY 20  to 154.91 million for Q4 FY 20. The PBT is 62.06  million for 
Q3FY 20  to 81.07 million for Q4 FY 20. The PAT is 41.03 million for Q3 FY 20 to INR 
69.05 million for Q4 FY20. With that said, I would turn the call over our CMD Mr. Ashok 
Chhajer – Chairman & Managing Director of Arihant Superstructures. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Good evening everybody. Welcome to the investors' conference. The current days of COVID 
are a different story but the year ended up had only the effect of 15 days of COVID. That was 
a very peak period also because it happens to be Gudi Padwa and near to Ram Navami where 
real chunk of sales happen. Still when we talk about the annual figures, we did a pan-total sale 
of around 874 flats which was to a tune of 7,74,000 square feet and a value of Rs. 325 crores 
out of which the major has been contributed by Mumbai MMR 774 units and 100 units by 
Jodhpur, Rajasthan. The revenue wise Jodhpur was 32 Cr. and Mumbai MMR was 293 Cr. We 
would have touched up to the base of nearest to 950 or maybe luckily would have been 1000 if 
the COVID wouldn't have happened. 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
June 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 7 
We launched up a new project in the last financial year that was Arihant 4 Anaika where this 
was a new purchase, outright purchase, being done by the company. That is the business 
development part which is continuously ongoing on year-on-year basis. We are not stuck to the 
only old projects to be completed and then hunt for new buying. The new project Arihant 4 
Anaika had a good launch. It also forms to be under the category of all income tax exemptions, 
i.e., no tax under the 80-IB of the income tax act. The project has already kick-started. The 
construction has reached up to around ground foundation stage coming up because the 
construction started in December. We launched the project in November, and we got a fair 
good response to the project by around and sale of 180 flats which is approximately 60% of the 
inventory. This year the first 2 months and probably we can call rather than 2 months after the 
lockdown, that was a closed lockdown and now June and July because of labors not being 
there in very large quantity, it's an open lockdown. I think everything would resume very fast 
largely in the same speed as it was in old days by the 3rd week of July but still during this 
COVID period also, we had our workers on the site where they left after the lockdown was 
open partly. Still some are already there where construction is happening. We have done slab 
constructions in some of the sites and all the sites are moving in terms of finishing works at a 
small speed, but yes, nothing is at a standstill. During the COVID period also, we activated our 
digital medium of sales which resulted into a fair good response. The backbone of the total 
processes has been set for the digital method of marketing where a client is given all the 
preview so that he does not have to come 2 or 3 times on the site. After that gives a final call 
when he comes and he would be booking up the flat and that is where a fair response has been 
received also in the month of April, May, and June when compared to any other projects in and 
around. It is told to be nice enough. 
All the financial results are with all the shareholders and investors. I throw the platform open 
for all of you to interact and question on any aspects of the businesses. We welcome 
everybody. Over to all attendants. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Tirath Muchhala from Elusividya Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Tirath Muchhala: 
I wanted to understand how many units did we launch in this financial year FY20? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
FY20 total launch was around 270 units. 
Tirath Muchhala: 
It is interesting because our launches for FY21 you guys are saying 2000 units, correct? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes, where the projects are under approval, and if all the approvals come in the existing 
projects which are at different phases, that is where we see that we would be targeting around 
2000 and if something we can take around if some of the approvals don't go, still we would be 
able to at least touch out of five, 3 to 4 projects being received commencement certificates 
which would be something around 1500 or 2000. 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
June 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 7 
Tirath Muchhala: 
Just to understand, in this kind of a scenario, don't you think the number is very ambitious? 
Because it's I think the highest number of launches we will ever have or am I wrong? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
No, it's not about being ambitious. We already have the land with us and some of the phases 
which have yet not received approvals, that is where it is undergoing. In one of the projects, 
there is a change of plan so that it suits to the current market and we have designed up more 
smaller houses now in one of the projects where it would be a new format of living where 
built-in offices are also incorporated in the house for work-from-home people and I think that 
is what is the need of the hour also. Not office spaces but built-in office rooms inside the flat 
will be there. There is no extra expenditure where the call should not be taken and majorly as 
we see that 90% of our total projects are under the small bracket size, below 75 lakhs, 50 
lakhs, and 25 lakhs around which is where the demand is there. On the ground reality, we have 
seen that Navi Mumbai has shown good response even after the COVID in June and that is 
where we see that there is infection and we can have a market share larger than the earlier 
years. There is a real sale happening and demand is there in this bracket of 25, 50, and 75 
lakhs. For 1 crore and above, Yes, it is very slow. One of our projects is about 1 crore+ that is 
Arihant Aalishan at Kharghar. Rest of all the projects of the company are in the range of 25, 
50, and 75 lakhs and below. So, I think it is achievable and starting of new phases would mean 
that at least the project cycle is started off, and in the launch, even if 25% to 30% is sold and 
sustenance around the year for the next project cycle ranging from 2 to 3 years, 3-1/2 years, we 
would be easily able to sell the currently launched inventory. 
Tirath Muchhala: 
What project is the one where you are changing the configuration of the plan? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
It's at Panvel – Arihant Aspire – which is the largest one of the companies where 31 lakh 
square feet is there. 
Tirath Muchhala: 
It's interesting that even in Aspire where I think you guys have not sold as many units, you 
would go ahead into one more launch or is it part of reconfiguration and relaunch? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The 2 buildings which have already started off are upright. So, there cannot be any change in 
plans in the ongoing 2 buildings which also out of 650, we have sold 300+ units. So, 50% of 
the inventory of the ongoing project is already sold. It is the construction phase which would 
match up with the additional sustenance. This would be one additional building. So, it would 
be a different product in the same project. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pradeep Mehta, a shareholder. Please go ahead. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Sir, I just want to know that you announced Anaika 4 and almost 60% is already sold out. So, 
in the coming year, are you planning for new projects to be launched further considering the 
lockdown situation and all those things? 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
June 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 7 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes, in the lockdown also, we launched up a small project of Arihant Anaika 4 extension and 
now Arihant Anaika 5 extension plans are under approval. We may be 30-35 days, we should 
have everything in hand. This is the location where we have already done up 1650 flats in the 
last 4 years and we already enjoy a market share of around 40% to 45% of the region of Taloja, 
Ghot, and Koyana Kamp. And the new project also would be tune of 300 flats where the 
marketing team is confident of achieving the same style of response as it achieved in Anaika 2, 
3, and 4. Out of the new projects, this would be one. There would be new purchases also which 
are ongoing. Some of them are already registered. The potential projects land details are 
already shared with each of you in the fact file and the ER presentation. 
In terms of budget allocation, yes, something around 20-25-30 crores would be put in for new 
purchases also and rest would be utilized for the existing projects. So, we would be able to 
come up with new projects and new products and new launches in the existing projects. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
On a stand-alone basis, I see that the top line is down by 15% on an annual basis. Is it due to 
product mix or price reduction or due to lower volume of sales as compared to previous year? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Revenue recognition is not directly with the sales. It is connected with the progress of 
percentage completion method. In this year, some of the projects like Arihant Aspire and 
Aalishan, that had lesser percentage of completion. Though the sale number of units of freshers 
were large, but the percentage of completion was less and the fixed expenditure of interest and 
provisions as well as administrative expenses remained the same or marginally less to the last 
year ended March 2019. That was the reason. I think we can tell that this is getting 
accumulated and would be seen in the years to come. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
My last question is, do we hold finished goods inventory aged above 1 year and if there any 
constraint to sell those inventory? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes, we hold above-1-year inventory also which is at a tune of around 200 crores which is 
Arihant Arshiya at Khopoli in Mumbai and Arihant Adita & Arihant Ayati at Jodhpur. The 
speed of the construction was very fast during its period and unfortunately the sales cycle had 
slowed down in these projects in Jodhpur especially and that is why we hold these 200 crores+ 
inventory. It's not like it is not being sold but we constructed far aggressively and in very large 
quantity with the anticipation that there would be fast takeoff for the ready-position properties 
and that is why the stock got piled up. We are expecting that the sales would be quite decent in 
this financial year because in COVID and after COVID, it is found that ready-position 
properties are being more liked on rather than under construction and that will help out to at 
least get a good number of sales. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tirath Muchhala from Elusividya Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
June 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Tirath Muchhala: 
Regarding our balance sheet, I just wanted to understand the debt position once again. How 
much is secured debt and how much is unsecured from the promoters? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Unsecured stands out to be Rs. 201 crores from the promoters and their group and 160 crores 
from secured debt, i.e., banks and financial institutions. It was 168 in March ending 2019 and 
we have been able to service the existing loans as well as bring it down marginally by 8 crores 
only. That is a good sign also when we had seen that the real estate sector and the developers 
were raising funds largely in the financial year 19-20. We have been able to make the balance 
and this is what we have planned out for this financial year also. We should be near to the 
same figures, 10% plus or minus. In the last financial year, we closed 2 facilities with ICICI 
and HDFC also. So, a) the company has been able to do the financial closure of the facilities 
taken. b) also service up the existing in time without any delay. That is about the financials. 
With these sector loans, with the promoters, when we see about cash flows, it was around 188 
crores March ending 2019 and March ending 2020 it is 201 crores. 
Tirath Muchhala: 
If I am not mistaken, the bulk of the borrowing is for Arihant Aspire. Correct? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes, major of the stake is over there, because rest all projects have done pretty well due to 
which the cash flows towards the investments done could be returned back or there was a 
break-even for the projects. In Arihant Aspire, the project would take around, maybe what we 
are planning across, at least 1 more year to achieve the similar type of pattern and stage. That 
is why also in the last financial year for the promoters' funding to Arihant Aspire and Arihant 
Superstructures Limited, the interest rate was dropped down from 15% to 8% which figured 
out to be around Rs. 13 crores less paid to the promoters for the funds blocked in these 
projects. 
Tirath Muchhala: 
What kind of interest costs are we paying to HDFC Limited for this? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
HDFC is around 12.5% for this facility. 
Tirath Muchhala: 
Regarding the fact that we have a decent launch pipeline, how do you see the debt requirement 
shaping up for the year and hoping to….? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We will be able to maintain and manage the same. The policy adopted is that largely no funds 
would be raised. Maybe repayment and the new facility would be to the same amounts or same 
figures. So, we will be able to match the same figures. We are not looking for raising up large 
funds for the projects as we did in the year 2017-18 and etc., where we raised funds and we 
completed the projects at humongous speed and that is where the inventory also lied up and we 
have been paying interest on it. So, the strategy has been adopted to largely sell-and-build 
model rather than build-and-sell model. 
Tirath Muchhala: 
Regarding the premium project of Arihant Aalishan, what are we doing to ensure that sale is 
happened? Since you said that the sales are quite slow. 

 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
June 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Marketing campaigns are already done. The ICPs and the channel partners are activated. The 
client visits are there. Good thing is that we have footfalls on each of the project including 
Arihant Aalishan for a good large handsome number. It's not like one or two in a week. It's 
something around 50, 80, or 90 people walking into the site. Yes, the market has seen a trend 
where high-value properties, people were not taking call fast, maybe this year also, but we will 
throw our best and maybe offer up them some little good discounts so that we can at least 
match up to things. 
I would like to add up also that yes, due to this COVID, the 2 months as well as June and July, 
so it's almost like 33% of the whole year's business has been washed out, and that would affect 
the balance sheets  accordingly but that is where we are scheduled up the new launches so that 
that would give up an equation to balance out the non-business happening in the COVID 
period. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Deepak Lohia for closing comments. 
Deepak Lohia: 
Thank you everybody to be in the con-call. We will be happy to interact with you in the next 
quarter also. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Arihant Superstructures Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
