 
 
 
August  18, 2020 
 
The Officer-In-Charge (Listing) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MINDACORP 
Head - Listing Operations, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538962 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts held on 14-August-2020 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith transcription of Conference call with Investors/Analysts held on 
August 14, 2020. Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
Kindly let us know if any other information is required in this regard. 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Minda Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Pardeep Mann 
 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A13371 
 
PARDEE
P MANN
Digitally signed 
by PARDEEP 
MANN 
Date: 2020.08.18 
16:46:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
Q1 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 14, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK MINDA – CHAIRMAN & GROUP CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. R. LAXMAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & GROUP 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER MR. NEERAJ MAHAJAN - 
GROUP MARKETING OFFICER  
MR. BIKASH DUGAR – LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. PARVATI RAI – KRCHOKSEY RESEARCH 
 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Minda Corporation Limited Q1 
FY2021 Earnings Conference Call hosted by KRChoksey Research. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Parvati Rai from KRChoksey. Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Parvati Rai: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone, on behalf of KRChoksey Research we welcome you 
all for Q1 FY2021 Conference call of Minda Corporation Limited. I take this opportunity to 
welcome the management of Minda Corporation Limited represented by Mr. Ashok Minda, 
Chairman and Group CEO, Mr. R. Laxman, Executive Director and Group CFO, and Mr. 
Neeraj Mahajan, Group Marketing Officer and Mr. Bikash Dugar, Lead Investor Relations. 
We will begin the call with the brief overview by the management followed by Q&A. I now 
hand over the call to Mr. Ashok Minda for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you 
Sir! 
Ashok Minda: 
Thank you Parvati. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you all to the Q1 
FY2021 Earnings Conference Call of Minda Corporation. I would like to thank you all for 
joining us on this call and hope all of you are doing well. The first quarter of fiscal year was 
an unprecedented period not only for the auto industry but for the whole economy. The auto 
sector globally was severely impacted by the pandemic COVID-19 and continues to face 
headwind due to general economic slowdown. The first half of the quarter did not see any 
activity; and production and sales only started in phased manner from later part of May. 
This has made the quarter incomparable with previous periods. 
 
Now with the gradual opening of the economy we are able to see green shoots in certain 
segment of industry especially in two wheelers and tractors. In these challenging times, 
Minda Corporation reported consolidated revenue from operation of Rs.1,780 million a 
decline of 69.5% and we believe this performance is better than industry numbers, which 
saw low volumes. To minimize the impact on company’s financials due to significant fall in 
industry volume we have taken numerous cost reduction measures, optimization  of capital 
expenditure and efficient working capital management. There are clear indications of 
economic activity picking up from June 2020 onwards and we are cautiously optimistic of 
better times ahead for Minda Corporation. This is further supported by the fact that 
currently more than 50% of our revenues comes from two wheelers and tractors. 
Additionally, after market and export are also showing speedy sign of recovery. Minda 
Corporation continue to remain close to its customers to better understand and meet their 
requirements during these trying times, which will be explained further by our Group 
Marketing Officer Mr. Neeraj Mahajan. Now we shall begin detailed discussion on 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 16 
financial and operational performance for the quarter. With this I hand over the call to Mr. 
R. Laxman, our Group CFO. Over to you Laxman. 
R. Laxman: 
Thank you Mr. Minda and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Hearty welcome again to 
Q1 results FY2021 conference call. I will take the assistance of the presentation that we 
have uploaded on the website and I will be referring to the slide numbers for those of you 
who have the presentation in front of you, for others, I will surely read out and explain from 
the slides that are there in the presentation, thank you. 
 
I will move to slide #3 of our presentation which gives you a quick overview of Minda 
Corporation’s diversified product portfolio of global customers, very strong manufacturing, 
advanced R&D and now more than six decades of automotive experience. The items on the 
left, you are familiar with we have Rs.2,800 plus Crores revenue, we have four business 
verticals, marquee customers and 30 manufacturing facilities, R&D capabilities and our 
current market cap is about Rs.1,066 Crores. On the right-hand side, we have revenue 
breakdown for Q1 FY2021, you will notice that the outer ring is the revenue chart for the 
current quarter, which is Q1 FY2021 and the inner ring is for Q1 FY2020. If you go by 
geography, you will notice that India contributes now about 80.6% of our entire revenue pie 
as opposed to 85.3% the same quarter previous year. I would like to mention here for 
comparison purposes, as well as in line with Ind-AS 105, we have made the comparison 
apples to apples, it does not include the European operations, which are discontinued. So 
without them our India’s revenue pie was 80.6% now as compared to 85% earlier. Our 
Europe and North American revenue by geography has increased from 9% of sales to 
12.2% and our Southeast Asia is increased from 5.7% to 7.3%. More importantly, if you 
look at the right-hand pie chart, which is by end-market, you will notice that the two and 
three wheelers have moved up from 51.7% to 53.3% in terms of our entire revenue pie. 
Commercial vehicles have significantly fallen from 30% to 20%. This includes tractors and 
the breakup between commercial vehicles and tractors – In Q1, 13% is contributed by 
commercial vehicles and 7% is contributed by tractors. The aftermarket has grown 
significantly, last year during the same period it only contributed to 10% of our pie but this 
quarter it has contributed to more than 20% of our pie. Going by business verticals, which is 
the pie chart on the bottom, the Mechatronics contributes about 43% and the Aftermarket is 
another 20% so both included are Mechatronics plus Aftermarket contributes about 63% of 
our turnover and Information and Connected systems contributes about 36.7%. The India 
interior plastic division is included in this 36.7% as of now, as it is a small number. 
 
I will move to slide #4 and you are all aware of the industry’s situation today, but a quick 
recap on slide #4, you will see that overall the auto industry has fallen by 78.4% of which 
the two wheeler market has fallen down similarly by 78.5%. It will be important to point 
out here that our two-wheeler business fell by about 69% and it is significant for us because 
roughly as I mentioned 53% of our turnover in this quarter has come from two wheelers. 
Passenger vehicles have fallen by 84%, three-wheelers have fallen by 76% and commercial 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 16 
vehicle has taken the largest fall, which is at 87.6% in Q1. Tractors have fallen by 40%. Just 
a point to note here is that if I adjusted our revenue to the same mix as previous year then 
typically my sales should have fallen by about 81%; however, because of the new mix as 
well as the fact that I am more towards two wheelers and my own fall into two wheeler has 
been less than market and our overall fall has only been  69.5%. 
 
Coming to the financials on slide #5, that is the consolidated financials for Q1 FY2021 and 
as Mr. Minda mentioned our operating revenue was Rs.178 Crores, which is 69.5% fall, we 
have another income of about Rs.9 Crores that is basically the interest income we have on 
our funds that we have. Our EBITDA negative was at Rs.20.3 Crores this is substantially 
contained, which I will come to in the next few slides. Contained, because of our aggressive 
push on fixed costs, keeping fixed costs down specifically things like employee costs, other 
expenses, etc. Our Profit before Tax was about loss for continued operations, which was 
Rs.45 Crores and then because of deferred tax credit our Profit after Tax from continued 
operations reported on a consolidated basis is Rs.36.3 Crores. We had a profit from 
discontinued operations of about Rs.90 lakhs and therefore our final PAT was a loss of 
Rs.35.4 Crores. As we mentioned our previous quarters numbers were very significantly 
different and so was the same quarter in the previous year and comparisons does not 
immediately make sense; however, they have all been adjusted for comparing it to related 
items because as we said as per Ind-AS 104 our accounts have been restated and this table 
excludes our discontinued operations. 
 
On slide #6, we have the chart illustration of the same numbers; however, the commentary 
is important for us to share with you. Overall 69.5% decline in the industry was cushioned 
for Minda Corporation because we got a slightly better than industry numbers for 
Aftermarket, which degrew by only about 42% and our exports, which degrew only by 55% 
and this degrowth also is largely because of the postponement of demand and logistical 
challenges in the business. Our EBITDA decreased because of non absorption of fixed cost 
because you have noticed that we did not do any production or sale for the month of April 
and for last part of May and of course we had an unfavorable product mix because 
commercial vehicles took a big hit; however, we have come back with very strong 
countermeasures, we have reduced employee cost significantly and we have lowered other 
expenses also significantly in this quarter. If you see our standalone and consolidated 
numbers, you will see a big fall in our employee cost as well as lower other expenses; 
however, maybe half of it can be attributable to lower sales itself and at least 30% of that 
we think we should be able to sustain going forward in the current year, which should 
benefit our profitability and number two, which should help lower our breakeven point. Our 
net profit was negative because of course negative EBITDA and the other reason our net 
profit was negative is that on the consolidated basis we also absorbed Rs.5.8 Crores loss as 
our share of our joint venture projects mainly Minda Furukawa, Minda Stonebridge and 
Minda Vast. 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
If I move to slide #7 now, we have the same numbers but split between Mechatronics and 
Aftermarket in one bucket and Information and Connected System in one bucket. The 
revenues in the Mechatronics business came out at Rs.112 Crores, which is a 61% drop and 
the EBITDA was about 9.8% negative, of course this degrowth has a little bit been 
cushioned by a lower fall in exports in aftermarket as we mentioned. Overall fall in 
EBITDA has also been cushioned largely by various cost cutting measures. Our 
Information and Connected system have fallen by 77.5% because a huge fall in commercial 
vehicles by about 80% plus, Revenues came in at Rs.65 Crores and EBITDA was negative 
about 14.2%. It has been fairly impacted by the decline in CVs and also we have had mixed 
challenges with respect to product mix in the Information and Connected system business 
vertical. So that is the overall financial numbers we have, so to sum up -n our fall has been 
lesser than industry number one, we have been fortunate because of the two wheelers mix 
that Mr. Minda mentioned and we managed to contain our EBITDA losses to about Rs.20 
Crores because of strong cost cutting measures that we have taken. The other positive of 
course is we have managed to improve our cash flow position during the quarter in spite of 
COVID so that is the positive and with this I would like to hand over the presentation to 
Mr. Neeraj Mahajan to give us a quick update on the business performance order book as 
well as what we are doing new at Minda Corporation, so over to you Neeraj. 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
Thank you Laxman for giving a quick number update. Good afternoon team, this is Neeraj 
Mahajan, President and Group Chief Marketing Officer for Minda Corporation. My 
overview is mainly on two accounts - one for the order book, which I am going to first talk 
about. While the entire industry has been struggling to come to terms about the volume 
drops, lockouts, but one interesting thing continued during last quarter was auto industry 
purchase teams work from home and we are very fortunate that we have been able to book 
some very exciting orders during this time. I would just confirm that this is a very healthy 
pipeline, which we have generated during this time and let me confirm that this is divided 
into four section, our Mechatronics, which is business vertical one, Information and 
Connected system which is BV2, Plastic division BV3 and exports, so let me first cover the 
Mechatronics, business vertical one. 
 
The overall lifetime order book during Q1 is close to about Rs.397 Crores, this is very 
exciting for us because we got in this quarter three very large orders one which is coming in 
for die cast from a two-wheeler business customer and lifetime business in this case is close 
to about Rs.204 Crores. We also received a very prestigious order for our joint venture 
partner with Vast from Pune, this is also a lifetime order of about Rs.56 odd Crores and 
these orders are all coming in now for programs, which are either to start in let us say 2021-
2022 and so on. The third order for our continued business focus to improve our 
profitability is coming in on the starter motor and alternator, which is currently, which we 
have spoken for some time is not supporting us as much, but we have started to see traction 
there with thanks to the management focus, which is coming in and bringing various 
activities to not only bring down the cost but also to improve the quality and engineering 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 16 
aspect of it, so lifetime orders there has added about Rs.17 Crores odd and we have very 
healthy pipelines for RFQ’s in BV1 further. ASEAN business has started to be a very clear 
focus for us and during the number breakdowns you may have noticed while this has been a 
challenge now; however, we have clear orders coming in from one of the largest two 
wheeler global players, which is about Rs.15 odd Crores of business, which is booked 
during this time and team has done a great job there. This is a combination of next 
generation locksets, which also conveys that customer is showing confidence in our future 
technological product, which we are now developing or demonstrating through our tech 
shows and product exhibitions. 
 
On the BV2 side which is Wire harness and Sensor division, we got awarded for a very 
large order from a leading tractor maker for about Rs.45 odd Cores, we also won order for 
sensor for two wheeler OEM from the largest two wheeler customer for about Rs.180 
Crores this is very exciting business award again and also we got the next generation cluster 
activity, which is starting with about Rs.20 odd Crores business coming in from North side 
leader in tractor industry. Another instrument cluster for two-wheeler, which is now the 
new generation instrument clusters we have started to see the traction that order is about 
Rs.15 Crores odd coming in from one of the India’s most popular two-wheeler Indian 
brand. Now we also saw a very good traction of about Rs.134 million revenue orders 
coming in for light weighting plastic part from largest passenger vehicle maker or Engine 
manufacturer, which is for the combination of passenger and commercial vehicle 
application. We are excited this order is something, which we were focusing upon to grow 
our portfolio for Indian plastic parts, which after KTSN is very important for us to get 
traction from our customers. 
 
Export is one thing, which we are continuously focusing and I am happy to share that there 
are two important developments one in terms of wire harness, which is for the European 
largest two wheeler maker, there just to highlight the point, which is the wire harness is for 
EURO-5 so that means customer is accepting Minda Corporation competency of the 
product in the future model introduction and also I think I briefly touched upon this point 
last time, among the India’s largest four-wheeler maker we got a very, very prestigious 
entrance of our new joint venture technical agreement partner, in fact, the Shark Finn 
Antenna, which is going to be I think a new beginning in terms of Spark Minda’s entry into 
a new product segment this is about a Rs.50 Crores order and supplies will start from 2022. 
 
What we are doing towards the technology, I am going to the next slide, there we are very 
clearly looking in the commercial vehicle where we have seen the traction of the l vehicle 
especially the buses becoming more visual in terms of its displays so our intelligent 
transportation system architect has started to get a good information intelligent system, 
which is being developed now and I am pleased to share that we have already received the 
trial orders and the supplies are starting on the subject among the top two bus makers in 
India. For road transport authorities and public transport system this is something which we 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 16 
would like to expand going forward in terms of our technical competence, which is 
prevailing on airports, on the railway stations because government is very heavily focusing 
on it, it is just a matter of money released from government side and we are going to partner 
with them in these areas that is one area we are also looking at. Also I am very excited to 
share that two wheeler we are going to be the first company in the country to start supplying 
the first keyless entry system in two wheeler OEM, this is going to be for the first two 
wheeler EV maker and our engineering team from SMIT has developed the components 
through which we have also patented 21 parts for showcasing our technology, so I think this 
is very exciting development and I would like to congratulate my technology team for 
seeing the research work moving into the productionized area and the supplies we have just 
started but the volumes are a little bit on the ramp up stage because of the COVID, but we 
will see those numbers growing gradually on the subject. This is going to be one big 
development as far as Minda is concerned, this is first keyless entry by any Indian maker 
and we are there for this. 
 
Design and development on various range of DC-DC converters we have already got into 
this subject with the two wheeler as well as commercial vehicle space and we are right now 
in advanced discussion also for taking that matter forward with the horizontal deployment 
across the industry, offering our already well developed product, which is well accepted and 
proven. In terms of our assistance I just mentioned about Shark Fin Antenna of in fact 
South Korea, we are now in active discussion apart from the Shark Fin Antenna for RF and 
LT antenna, which is pole type also to offer to other leading passenger manufacturers 
starting from all programs, which are starting from F20 to F23 onwards so that Spark Minda 
should be able to supply this high value added product to these customers because pole type 
antenna is going out of fashion and you will see most of the car companies are getting into 
Shark Fin Antenna from now on, so it is going to be almost a hygiene if I may say and we 
are fully geared up to take care of this part to be offered to all the leading makers in the 
country and we have very strong partner in this case. 
 
I would like to summarize this on both aspects - order book for Q1 is very good at this point 
of time in spite of COVID I would say because Spark Minda team tirelessly worked during 
this time assisting customers to close the RFQ’s and during this time we could get some 
breather on the other activities to convince customers on our unique selling points, 
differentiators we call it, and on the technology side SMIT as well as our other engineering 
members have done exceedingly well during this time and we are very confident with the 
strengthening of team, which Mr. Minda will also touch upon or may have touched upon 
during the call, we are getting future ready on account of our technological push for 2022 
and beyond. I would like to rest my explanation here and I can take question and answer 
later so Laxman back to you please. 
R. Laxman: 
Thank you very much Neeraj and Faizan over to you to Q&A. 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Hi Laxman, first question on the capacity utilization, so what would that be in 1Q and how 
has that changed let us say in July and August so what would be our utilization levels now 
and part two of that question is the cost measure, how cost is increasing when ramp up is 
happening are we seeing substantial benefits once we are at let us say around 85%? 
R. Laxman: 
I will answer the first part of the question and then I will request Mr. Minda to give his 
views on July onwards. We tried our best to measure capacity utilization for Q1, but then 
we gave up because it has to be then measured month-on-month, because an average gives a 
very different picture so for example April was zero, May was a very small number and 
basically from June that we started ramping up in terms of our utilization of capacity and 
then going ahead. So it will be fair to assume that in June it would have been roughly say 
50% odd and July the number has again significantly improved, that is the quick take on the 
measure Ronak. Mr. Minda if you would like to add anything on this question? 
Ashok Minda: 
So as you asked about July onwards, Yes, OEM’s particularly in two wheeler as well as 
tractor segment that we discuss between these two segments and this segment is definitely 
helping us during this time and this is continuing to happen at least till the time of the 
festival then we will re-evaluate after the festival time. In the aftermarket, in June we have 
increased 18% growth in comparison to the previous year and same in July, so we expect to 
catch up significantly in Q2 FY2021, this is what I think so. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Roughly Ashok Ji will it be like almost 85% on an average of the last year revenue run rate 
for July and let us say mid August? 
Ashok Minda: 
We are thinking that overall, until unless something does not happen adversely, it will be 
70% to 80%. 
R. Laxman: 
On the cost front, the measures we have taken are significant in terms of how much of 
reduction we have been able to get in fixed cost as well as in our personnel cost. My 
estimate is about 30% of this reduction we can carry through for the rest of the year as well, 
because a lot of the personnel and other admin costs, etc., in a sense are also variable so I 
would put the number at roughly 30% Ronak. 
Ashok Minda: 
Most importantly this is the time, knowing for each business how we reduce the breakeven 
point is an important area. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Laxman we used to have significant contribution from commercial vehicles as well and last 
two years have been very challenging, was product supply to commercial vehicles more 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 16 
profitable and/or is recovery in commercial vehicles, if it happens from H2, will that be a 
significant contributor to profitability? 
R. Laxman: 
I would like to let Mr. Neeraj Mahajan talk about the commercial vehicle pickup. Only 
thing is, Yes, in terms of my share last year’s commercial vehicles were 30% in the same 
quarter and this year it is significantly reduced so the answer is, Yes. Though the 
profitability in terms of EBITDA margin has been similar if you look at last year’s 
presentation on business vertical one and two, largely similar; however, the bulk was being 
offered by commercial vehicles, so yes any recovery in commercial vehicles will help us 
quickly absorb our fixed cost, that is on the costing side. Over to Mr. Neeraj Mahajan on his 
outlook for the commercial vehicle segment. 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
Thank you very much. Ronak to me well we have been very closely interacting with all 
leading commercial vehicle manufacturers because almost 100% of them are our customers. 
Market outlook as of now I would say is gloomy as far as commercial is concerned, so if 
recovery, if at all, for example the recovery it is expected they are not even speaking about 
it for this year so I think everybody is expecting about 30% to 40% drop on the annualized 
basis, so I would not give very optimistic opinion or picture about commercial vehicle at 
this point of time, while as Mr. Minda also mentioned there are some green shoots in 
segments like two wheeler I think the most exciting segment right now is tractor we are not 
able to meet their demand due to social distancing right now, they are going 2.5 to 3 times 
their volume requirements compared to 2017-2018, but commercial vehicle I am afraid after 
last year dropped off about almost a high double digit we are still expecting further drop 
this year as overall market going forward for commercial. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Thanks, Neeraj and final question on the KTSM business any update there, has a large part 
of the liquidation done and/or any update, have the payments happened from our side? 
R. Laxman: 
Yes, we have that part is now behind us and of course now it is a process and that process 
will take time; however, the obligations that we had in terms of what we had to complete by 
June yes we have done what we mentioned. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Okay, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Gindodia from AlfAccurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Sir can you explain me how the order book works you have given the lifetime value of 
orders of this year is Rs.4,250 Crores and last year fourth quarter was Rs.7,350 Crores so 
our order book has declined this year and is this the value of new order that we will be 
executing in one year is this the annual value or how should a lifetime value order should be 
looked at, is it two years, three years what is the timeframe for it? 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
Thank you very much gentleman for your question. Lifetime order is typically considered 
between four to five years depending upon the program life of the project, which is 
confirmed by the customer and first year is typically the limited number of months based on 
the start of production SOP date and the balance month left in the financial year that is how 
we normally calculate on to this, so this is how the methodology is adapted. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
The order book has declined from last year so how should we read this number? 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
This is not revenue, this is the new orders which are received during this quarter, so this is 
nothing to do with our past revenue at this point of time. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
In the two wheeler wiring harness business and also the CV wiring harness business we 
were supposed to have a big addition in our kit size and the value of our sales was expected 
to go up, so can you give the breakup of how much was the increase in two-wheeler wiring 
harness in this quarter and also in CV? 
R. Laxman: 
I will come back to you with specific numbers; however, there are two points here, one is 
yes the two wheeler wiring harness kit value we had said will more than double, that thesis 
continues and it was expected to actually show a quantum result as we go forward in the 
future quarters. In the Q1 why you are not able to significantly see the differences because 
the BS-VI to BS-IV mix if you put it roughly, it is still being only roughly about 50% 
because majority of the BS-IV still came in due to exports of the OEMs so that is one clear 
point and the second point is of course there have been ramp up challenges with respect to 
BS-VI at all the manufacturers ends and at our ends and therefore a more clear comparison 
or at least the visibility of that bulk up of kit value will be more clearly available in Q2 and 
Q3 going forward that is the quick response. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Okay and in terms of decline in gross margin that we have seen in this quarter compared to 
our last quarter so what has led to this? 
R. Laxman: 
The absolute fall in the revenue significantly dented this, so it does not make it comparable 
at all. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Okay so going ahead we should be back to our 38%, 40% is what we should do? 
R. Laxman: 
Yes, as we ramp up yes we should and our hope is that we will catch up faster than 
probably what was usually expected because like many other players we have also very 
aggressively worked on our fixed costs so if we were to reach the goal in X months earlier 
or X number of quarters earlier we hope to reach that goal faster now. 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Ashok Minda: 
We were not expecting that the recovery will be so faster than we are seeing in two wheeler 
and tractors. So during the COVID time we were thinking that the second quarter will also 
be very much concerned, but the things are not like that. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Okay and the last question in terms of employee cost, we have seen a very sharp reduction 
so should we expect the employee cost in absolute number to remain at this level or will it 
be more of linked to the revenue and should be back to the Rs. 90, 120 Crores run rate from 
next quarter? 
Essentially, our employee cost has declined to Rs.54 Crores from Rs. 96 Crores last quarter so is this employee cost 
reduction likely to again go back up with the rising revenue or is this a more sustainable reduction how should we read 
into this? 
R. Laxman: 
Roughly 30% of it we expect it to be little sustainable, a very rough number, because our 
employee cost has a mix of variable and factory workers as well as staff cost, etc., so all the 
cost cutting measures we have taken on the personnel side we are expecting about 25%-
30% of this to remain sustainable. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
Okay thank you sir. Thank you for the details and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead 
Abhishek Jain: 
Good evening Sir. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to understand what is the 
current status of insolvency process of Minda KTSN, has it completed? 
R. Laxman: 
No, it is only started now and an insolvency administrator we believe has been appointed 
and it is a process that will take its own course and it is very, very established process that 
they will go through so it may take some time. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So how much debt will reduce post completion of this process? 
R. Laxman: 
The debt numbers have already been reduced because now our consolidated numbers are 
without the numbers of KTSN so today roughly our consolidated debt looks at about Rs.394 
Crores. 
Abhishek Jain: 
My second question on the debt part that your interest payment is around Rs.50 Crores 
annually, which is around 38% of your EBIT despite the sufficient cash in hand on the other 
hand you are earning only Rs.26 to Rs.38 Crores at interest income, so you are losing 
significant amount of interest every year, so just wanted to understand your thought process 
behind to keep the money for future acquisition and how this will be fruitful for the 
company’s profit? 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 16 
R. Laxman: 
Two points that you highlighted, one is the negative carry that we call with respect to 
keeping the money at the lower interest rate and second is you are talking about the 
strategic intent in terms of to do with the money. So the strategic intent I will request Mr. 
Minda to answer, but before that on the finance side I would like to like to say that of 
course we have kept the powder dry and there is a small cost to keep that and the 
incremental cost could be about 1% of the amount of total deposits I have, strategically it 
has worked out very well for me now because we have dry powder available in case the 
management and the leadership decides to take a call on synergistic acquisition 
opportunities and I would like Mr. Minda to comment. 
Ashok Minda: 
We have decided strategically to park this because we raised QIP and the vision of the QIP 
is support our future growth and we have decided not to use this one putting in the system 
and we are continuously working for using this QIP funds in an area where we really not 
doing any fast investment so that is why we have said that almost we also know that we are 
losing some minor percentage of interest, but we have decided that so that the more 
working capital, which we are using there will be a pressure with the businesses to be more 
efficient to take out the funds from the working capital that was the strategic call. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, are you looking to make any repayment during FY2021 or FY2022, as the current 
situation capacity utilization is quite low and you are losing significant interest also and 
your EBIT is also quite low so just wanted to know on this? 
R. Laxman: 
What is the first part are you looking at what you said repayment did you say? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Repayment of debt? 
R. Laxman: 
The repayment of debt is naturally occurring because of the tight cash management and 
thanks to input from you gentlemen we in fact had a very tight focus on working capital and 
because of that we have managed to generate funds to repay debt. In fact during the COVID 
period of first quarter also we generated cash surplus so we are expecting debt to naturally 
go down by this, we do not expect such low EBITs to continue Q1 is not probably a right 
extrapolation for the rest of the year so that is where we stand and in fact today also as we 
speak our cash position should be roughly equivalent to the debt we have so if you look at it 
theoretically on a net debt basis we should be zero. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay my last question is related with the two wheeler locking system, so I just wanted to 
know your share of business with different OEMs, have you won any new business or have 
there been any increase in content per vehicle post BS-VI implementation? 
R. Laxman: 
Over to you Neeraj. 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
Yes, in case of wiring harness there is a content increase, in case of share of business, I 
think we have segment-to-segment and even in that program-to-program differentiation so I 
think it is exhaustive thing if we talk about, we will have line items of about 100 plus 
maybe I can understand your question later and I can ask Biksah to especially provide you 
the information about specific segment you are looking for, but in general for a share of 
business if we talk about for two wheeler, we are in a strong commanding position when it 
comes to top three in case of wire harness I would say in most of the places depending upon 
program we are either holding about 70% to 80% of share of business in let us say leading 
maker one and two and three or at least 50% in most of the cases so it depends the product, 
which we are referring to here. 
Ashok Minda: 
And as I explained last year that we introduced the key account management to give the 
forecast on the specific customers where we can increase our per vehicle content and not 
only the per vehicle as a whole but the per vehicle model wise content, how we can increase 
as a group so that is how we are giving forecast so as we have mentioned there are a list of 
products, list of models how much we content we have in that model, and to how much 
extent we can increase it is all that is how we said. 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
To give you comfort I can just share one input with you, if you see most of the two 
wheelers today are becoming from mechanical or mechatronic products are moving into 
connected and also in terms of keyless, the value addition in such cases from Minda 
Corporation is going to increase and that is going to increase the kit value for each vehicle 
what we supply and our main focus right now is to make sure which I have explained in one 
of the slides for let us DC-DC converter, keyless entry system for this and we are right now 
very deeply connected with some of the new startups with whom we are discussing for their 
requirements we have one of the startup, which is going to start its production in October 
month for their two wheeler EV in Netherlands so there we have got various products, 
which we have started to also discuss with various startups here and also the two wheeler, 
which is in advanced stage of EV entry into the country so I would say that kit value will 
surely increase going forward as electronic components and content is going to increase 
because that is where SMIT focus of development and also the return is going to happen. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay Sir my last question is related to share of business with the Bajaj Auto, in two-
wheeler locking system? 
R. Laxman: 
I think specific clients, it will be a little unfair to probably discuss but Neeraj over to you in 
case you would like to add any comments? 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
I think I can see some of the members of competition in the call so I would avoid such 
questions. 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Ashok Minda: 
Okay otherwise we are not losing any of these on the positive side, which was not any issue 
with us. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from SVAN investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Yes Sir just one question on this cost cutting, so if you can just quantify that of the total cost 
cutting you mentioned 30% is sustainable so if you could just quantify that on the employee 
front and secondly have you also taken some significant cost reduction in the other 
expenses and if you would quantify that also which is sustainable? 
R. Laxman: 
Yes, sure Sachin thank you. Sachin on this staff cost, I am talking about within the overall 
employee cost that staff cost also and within that in staff cost we have saving of about Rs.12 
Crores in this quarter, that is the specific number that comes to mind and if you see the 
other variable expenses that has gone down by about Rs.33 Crores so out of which again 
about 30% of that is something, which we think is sustainable. 
Sachin Kasera: 
So broadly we have been able to reduce the cost around Rs.80 Crores to Rs.100 Crores a 
year, which is a sustainable number, is that better way to look around normal-to-normal 
basis? 
R. Laxman: 
It may not be fair to estimate it for the whole year. 
Ashok Minda: 
But there are some areas of cost, which will definitely continue that is what I said it helped 
us to brought it down our breakeven points and that there are various heads where we have 
reduced the cost that will help us to continue. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Okay, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question from the line of Chirag 
Shah from Edelweiss Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
First question is on Shark Finn Antenna are you the sole supplier or you are making an 
entrance to that product in that sense either Tier-II supplier, second is it for a single model 
on project basis or is it for multiple models and third is it a import substitution product or it 
is completely a new product that you have created, was this product already there in the 
system and you are now replacing it? 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
So let me take the third question first, at least for the customer we have got introduction this 
is replacement of previous generation product that means the pole type antenna, so that is 
going to be let us say a replacement or a new generation product introduction. Second the 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 16 
large customers do not introduce a single supplier so there are going to be at least two 
vendors supplying the same and third the product is going to be, today the business order is 
for one particular model but which is for let us say preferred situation it is going to be 
almost the largest volume program, but considering the historical situation we have noticed 
that these parts are common-ised to take advantage of the pricing in long term including 
tooling cost reinvestment being avoided so we are hopeful that we may have opportunity to 
introduce this part in other programs, but as of now to answer your question this is for a 
specific program, I hope I answered all your questions. 
Ashok Minda: 
This is import substitute, most of the customer input is new and this is going to be 
introduced in all the segment over a period in all the category of personal vehicle. 
Chirag Shah: 
In the wiring harness segment, today who is your competitor? 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
In the WH segment, this is by sector, we have multiple competitors, this is becoming a 
commodity space to be frank, so two wheeler is going to be another three dominant players 
including us, we have commercial vehicle, there are another two important competitors, we 
have tractor which is a lot of complication but very crude wire harness relatively so you 
have more competition there including next to the plant kind of wire harness those who are 
supplying to them for over the last 30, 40 years. PV is the most, let us say, organized one 
including its technology, but I am pleased to say that in this BS-IV, BS-VI transition 
recognition of Minda Corporation as one of the most reliable wire harness supplier is there 
among two wheelers, among commercial vehicles equally and substantially, but I do not 
want to go specific to my competitor’s name in this case I am sure unless that is a very 
specific question which you would like me to address. 
Chirag Shah: 
And for Shark Finn Antenna, this is for a particular  OEM right and this technology it 
cannot be used for some other OEM, right? 
Neeraj Mahajan: 
The product per se the patented design of external shape is going to be unique, but there are 
about four or five different varieties of feature application, which are going to be possibly 
offered in future if they would like us to expand more with the higher end technological 
product in their product range; however, the basic design of the product can be utilized with 
the specific model-related design requirement of particular customer so to answer the 
question - generic interior design unique for particular model, which requires to be 
developed, we have competency for both. So this can be expanded to other customers easily 
this is what we believe as far as the product range is concerned without very significant 
investment other than volume expansion requirement of capex I think the technology can be 
horizontally deployed with other customers also. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 14, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we will take that as the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Ashok Minda: 
This financial year 2021 will be a challenging year but we are confident that the worst  is 
behind us. I can assure you that Minda Corporation with its huge value proposition, 
research and development driven products, support from customer base and a strong 
balance sheet is well placed to navigate through these difficult times. With this I thank 
everyone for joining on the call and please keep safe. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Minda Corporation Limited and KR Choksey Research that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
Notes: 
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Minda Corporation Limited. 
