 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/38/2020-21 
 
28th August, 2020 
 
To  
To  
The Manager 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID     : OAL 
Symbol: OAL 
Scrip Code: 500078 
Series   : EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 07.08.2020, intimating about the conference call with the 
Institutional Investors/Analysts on Wednesday, August 12, 2020 at 12.00  p.m to discuss the 
Financial performance of the Company  for  the quarter  ended  June 30, 2020, please find 
attached herewith transcript of  the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, 
the 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com  
 
Kindly take the information  on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
 
Kiranpreet Gill 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 133, Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
KIRANPREET 
KAUR GILL
Digitally signed by 
KIRANPREET KAUR GILL 
Date: 2020.08.28 18:03:19 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Oriental Aromatics Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
August 12, 2020 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the Oriental Aromatics Limited Q1 FY 21 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "0" then 
"*" on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you, Dipesh. Good morning, everyone. And a warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Oriental 
Aromatics Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in 
the company's earnings conference call for the first quarter of the financial year 2021. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement, as always. Some of 
the statements made in today’s earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. 
Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause 
actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s 
beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings conference 
call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review. 
Now, I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s 
earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Dharmil Bodani – Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Shyamal Bodani – Executive Director, Mr. Parag Satoskar – Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Girish Khandelwal – Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Kiranpreet Gill – Company 
Secretary. 
I request Mr. Dharmil Bodani to give his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, 
Dharmil. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you so much, Anuj. Good afternoon, everybody. It's a pleasure to welcome you to 
quarter one FY ''21 earnings conference call of Oriental Aromatics Limited. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
Let me start by talking about the COVID impact on the business. As you know, in compliance 
with the directions issued by the Government of India, the company had completely 
suspended operations at all its offices and manufacturing locations in India, with effect from 
23rd March, 2020, to ensure the safety of our employees and their families and to contain 
the spread of COVID-19. The company was granted permission by the District Magistrate to 
partially restart a plant located at Bareilly for manufacturing of essential commodities, and in 
view of the same the company resumed partial operations of this manufacturing unit from 
3rd April, 2020. 
Thereon subsequently, we resumed operations at all our other manufacturing facilities 
located at Baroda, Bareilly and Ambernath from 4th May, 2020, in accordance with the 
formal permissions from concerned government authorities. We have taken all requisite 
precautions and are adhering to complete safety measures to ensure the safety and well-
being of our employees during resumption of operations at the manufacturing facilities.  
Although our plant operations were disrupted for a significant part of the first quarter, the 
company witnessed a healthy demand across all its business segments in the month of May 
and June. The revenue impact in this quarter was approximately Rs. 55 crores to Rs. 60 crores 
as a result of the lockdown. I am happy to inform you that all our manufacturing facilities are 
now running at 90% utilization levels, and the volumes are back to pre-COVID levels.  
Additionally, the company has further reduced its debt during the quarter. And our debt-to-
equity as on 30th June, 2020, came down to 0.03x from 0.11x as on 31st March, 2020. 
Now I request Mr. Girish Khandelwal, our CFO, to give you our financial highlights. Thank you. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Thank you, Dharmil. Good afternoon, all. On a standalone basis, in Q1 FY-21 , the operating 
revenue for the quarter was Rs. 113 crores, which declined by approximately 47% on a year-
on-year basis. Operating EBITDA reported was Rs. 18 crores, which declined by about 49% on 
a year-on-year basis. Operating EBITDA margins stood at 16.15% which decreased by 95 basis 
points year-on-year. And net profit after tax reported was Rs. 10 crores. While the PAT 
margins were 8.83%. 
On a consolidated basis, in Q1 FY-21. The operating revenue for the quarter was Rs. 113 
crores, which declined by approximately 47% on a year-on-year basis. Operating EBITDA 
reported was Rs. 18 crores, which declined by about 48% on a year-on-year basis. Operating 
EBITDA margins stood at 16.24% which decreased by 54 basis points year-on-year and net 
profit after tax reported was Rs. 10 crores, while PAT margins were 8.74%. 
Thank you. And with this, we can now open the floor to the questions-and-answer session. 

 
Page 3 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a 
question from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. Line is unmuted. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, a couple of questions. With regards to the CAPEX which you had spoken about in the 
previous call, we had mentioned about Rs. 160 crores CAPEX at Plant C. So, how is the 
progress on that? Are we on track or there are some delays over there? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, can I just answer one question at a time, please? Yes. So, we have the Plant C, we are 
currently awaiting the land allotment from Maharashtra Government, which is progressing. 
And I think we are definitely on track on that. In Plant B, if you recall, we had mentioned we 
are making certain expansions during this first, second and third quarter, that continues in 
Baroda. 
Rahul Jain: 
So, is that on track or any delays on that Baroda CAPEX? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Completely on track. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. So, in the previous call you had mentioned that despite reduction in some raw material 
prices, we were able to hold on to the selling prices of the products which had helped our 
margins also in FY-20. If you could share some pricing trends as we speak today with things 
which have normalized even on the Chinese front, so how is the situation now and do the 
selling prices continue to hold or there is some reduction in the selling prices in the various 
segments? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
The current raw material prices continue to remain flat, there is a considerable amount of 
stability coming in. In terms of the selling prices, I think there is a slight increase in the near 
future, but we don't know how long that will sustain. There is no dramatic reduction 
happening in the selling prices. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And sir, with regards to cost rationalization, any cost reduction measures or cost 
optimization specifically taken in last two to three months, which could be structural in 
nature and which could help our margins? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Not really, you see, currently the overheads in terms of travel and other expenses continue to 
be low or non-existent. It's only the fixed costs which we are incurring where the plants are 
being currently run through the capacities that I have mentioned. So no, there is nothing 
happening on that front. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Your line 
is unmuted. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, I was just looking at your presentation and in that you have mentioned that we have lost 
close to Rs. 55 crores, Rs. 60 crores of sales. So even if we add back that, on a year-on-year 

 
Page 4 of 17 
basis we would have seen some decline in our revenues. So can you just throw some light on 
what was the reason for that? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I have already answered that in my first question. If you see, the revenue loss of Rs. 55 crores 
to Rs. 60 crores, it's in line with the number of days the plant has been completely shut. So 
we had no production and hence there has been no sales. So it's really that simple. It's purely 
related to plant shut down. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. Sir, just if we add back to these numbers, we would have reported around Rs. 170 to 
Rs. 175 crores of revenues. And if we compare it with last year, we did close to Rs. 212 crores 
of revenue. So was there any value decline in some product? Just wanted to seek your view 
on that. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, there was a spillover, you see, we actually went into shutdown 24th of March, if I 
remember correctly, or 23rd of March. So, we lost almost 45 days of sales. So, if you add it 
up, income closer to that number. And yes, in certain products across the board, there may 
have been slight reduction in prices. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. Got it. And sir, second on the demand front. It is good that we are almost back to 90% 
of capacity utilization across our plants. Sir, any specific sectors which are driving demand or 
across the sector we are seeing good demand? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
No, I think across the sector the demand is stable. There is no specific sector. Now in April 
May, June, what we have seen, if you look at the FMCG numbers also, all the pipeline filling of 
the end products have already taken place, the finished products. So now we are seeing a 
continuous steady demand across the board. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nirali from Dilip Asset Management. Your 
line is unmuted. 
Nirali: 
Sir, so my question is similar to the previous participant. So if we add back those Rs. 60 crores 
of revenue that was missed in this quarter due to this lockdown and everything, still the Y-o-Y 
decline, so the same quarter last year the decline is of around 18.5% in revenue, which is a 
significant number. So, if you can just help us understand a bit in detail that, that Rs. 60 
crores involves the entire COVID impact or there is something else that we are missing out? 
That would be my first question. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you so much for your question. Like I have explained, again I think it is repetitive but I 
will still answer it. It is purely related to the plant shut down due to COVID, there is no other 
external factor that has caused this reduction. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
Nirali: 
Okay. So this entire 18% decline, so earlier you had guided that we will be growing around 
15% on a revenue basis over the next three to four years. So, do you still maintain that 
guidance? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes, absolutely. I mean, you have to discount 2021. Because when you run a chemical 
business and a specialty chemical business, and if you have a plant that is shut down, you 
don't get that production. And these plants run 24/7 three shifts, so there is nothing I can do 
about the time lost in terms of actual production capacity gone. So 2020 I have also 
somewhere mentioned that we are targeting at least 75% of last year's revenues. But going 
forward, we will maintain and try to maintain that trajectory of growth that I have mentioned 
earlier. 
Nirali: 
Yes, that is really helpful. And secondly on the EBITDA margin. So, we have improved our 
EBITDA margin from FY '17 to FY '20 by around 400 basis point. So, this entire increase is only 
due to operating leverage or there is something else that is contributing to this increase in 
the margin? And what can we take as a sustainable margin going ahead? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Right, so I mentioned this earlier also, we will look at 15% to 17% as a sustainable margin. I 
am glad you bring up the fact that we have in this quarter also maintained our EBITDA 
margins. And large contributors to this is our product mix. As we continue to add more and 
more specialty, high value, low volume materials, we will continue to see this kind of a steady 
EBITDA margin. So that is one of the factors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS. Your line is 
unmuted.  
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, earlier in the call, did you mention that we will do essentially 75% of last year's revenue? 
That will be like Rs. 560 crores sales. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Correct. 
Viraj Mehta: 
So, then even in the remaining three quarters, we will do roughly only Rs. 150 crores 
quarterly run rate? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
We will have to wait and see, we are giving you all a true picture of what we believe. But you 
will have to wait and see what happens this quarter. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. Sir, the second question was regarding gross margins. Our gross margins have improved 
even sequentially right now in Q1. And this has been our highest gross margin in several 
years. So, I am just trying to get a sense, do you get a sense that our product mix change is 
helping us so much that these kind of gross margins are sustainable? Or these are more or 

 
Page 6 of 17 
less one-offs where we will have to pass on the raw material advantage to our customers 
sooner or later, a quarter or two down the line? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
No, I truly believe that there will be a sustainable because of the product mix. I don't think 
that there is anything in the raw materials that we need to pass down in terms of price 
reduction to our customers. Because currently everything is flat and it's just the high 
technology driven products that we continue to roll out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepan Shankar from First Line PMS. Your 
line is unmuted. 
Deepam Shankar: 
Sir, just want to understand our current raw material prices, so is hovering around FY '18 
levels or we are seeing even lower than that level? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Parag, can you answer that, please? 
Parag Satoska: 
Sure. So, if you look at the RM prices, I think FY '18 is a long distance past, I mean, if we look 
at the RM prices compared to last year, we see that they are more or less stable. Yes, there is 
an impact on the RM to the extent of the foreign exchange where we have imported raw 
materials. But otherwise, in terms of the absolute numbers, most of the RMs across the 
board are stable, and tend to be stable in the near future. 
Deepam Shankar: 
Okay. So, the trend I just wanted to understand, because 2019-2020 we have seen RM prices 
have gone up quite sharply, and now we are seeing the prices coming down, right. So I just 
want to compare previously during 2018-2019 was the same. At that level we have reached 
or we are still lower than that level, that's what I wanted to know. 
Parag Satoska: 
Okay. So 2018-2019 probably I would like to correct, that 2018-2019 when the prices started 
going up, 2019-2020 at the start of the year the prices were high and then they started kind 
of stabilizing in the second half of 2019, although at higher price points. But they are more or 
less stable if you look at the last two quarters, and I think even in the current quarter, raw 
material prices seem to be stable. So yes, they peaked and now they are kind of at the lower 
price points, but stable. I hope I answered your questions? 
Deepam Shankar: 
Yes. So the current run rate of top-line will be maintained, so that's what you wanted to say, 
on an absolute basis? Because realization is remaining more or less flat. 
Parag Satoska: 
Correct. So, as Dharmil rightly said, that with the plants running at 90% capacity utilization 
and having a steady order book from our customers at least in the near future, we hope to 
kind of keep the run rate going on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagaraj from Sunidhi Securities. Your 
line is unmuted.  

 
Page 7 of 17 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Sir, you have mentioned in the PPT that volumes are back to pre-COVID levels. So, is there 
any pent-up demand which we are seeing because of the lockdown or probably the entire 
manufacturing activity or distribution activity was impacted, and some part of that is made 
up by the pent-up demand?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
I think the pent-up demand largely lies in the fragrance and flavour side of the business, 
which has been already taken care of. As you see this morning's article, we have had a 11.1% 
growth in FMCG. And part of the sales that we were going to do for that pent-up demand and 
pipeline filling is already done in the April, May, June quarter. So now what we are seeing 
going forward with our plants we are running at approximately 90%. We are seeing a very 
steady demand and our order books, as Parag was mentioned, seem to be going steady.  
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Okay. And sir on the receivable position, anything to be concerned about? And what is the 
current debt on the books? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Sure. Girish, can you please take that question? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Yes. So on the receivables side, there is no concerns. We are getting the payments from the 
customers; there are not many delays because of this pandemic. And as of today, our debt 
position is very much favorable. As of today our debt is below Rs. 10 crores, I can say. And as 
on 30th June it was Rs. 13 crores. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
That's helpful. Sir, one last question in terms of strategy. So, whenever the customers are 
asking for brief now, what is our general winning ratio and how many competitors do we 
compete against during those briefs? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, Rohit, look, 2021 is more of a maintenance year for the FMCG industry in terms of the 
large product categories. Yes, in terms of sanitizing, in terms of floor cleaners, in terms of 
products like that there are a few companies that are in India and globally issuing briefs 
where we continue to have wins. These wins also have very little meaning because one really 
needs to see in this space how well that particular product does, depending on several factors 
such as price, distribution of the FMCG company, which I have told you that we have very 
little control over. Our win percentages are good; I don't have an exact number on that. And I 
think going forward, I think 2021-2022 we will see more new product development 
happening. So right now, the way we look at it from our perspective, and what we see going 
on, that even with the FMCG company, except for these few product categories which we 
won't know for the next two or three quarters how sustainable sanitizers and wipes and 
these health soaps are, that there is going to be more or less a complete cruise control by 
most companies on the FMCG front. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pareen Gala from Sageone Investments. 
Your line is unmuted. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
Pareen Gala: 
Sir, I am relatively new to the company, so I just wanted the first question to understand, the 
CapEx which you said, if you can quantify what is the kind of CapEx that you are looking for? 
And what kind of capacity that you will be adding, and the timelines are the same? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I have already extensively answered this question and it's in our transcripts. So if you were to 
go back to it and just refer to it, it would probably give you a complete picture. 
Pareen Gala: 
Sure. Sir, the second question, wanted to understand,  in the current capacities, how much of 
our products are consumed internally as captive and what is the net production which is 
available for sale or something like that? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I would say, right now about 90% of our production is available for sale in the chemical side. 
And on the fragrance side 100% is for sale. 
Pareen Gala: 
Sure, that's helpful. And sir, I wanted to understand, how does this industry from an end 
consumer thing work? I mean, do these companies go for long-term contracts with you or 
they are very short-term based on demand, is there a product validation which happens? 
Obviously, I am sure it would be, but just to understand. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I mean, look, there are four verticals we do business in: flavours, fragrances, speciality 
chemicals and camphor. The camphor side is very straightforward, works on specification, so 
does the chemical side which has specifications plus odour which they approve on, and the 
fragrance and flavour process is a much larger process where they issue a brief, like the 
earlier gentleman from Sunidhi said, and then we submit a sample, it goes into consumer 
testing, if it wins, we get to business. The advantage in the flavour and fragrance business is, 
if you maintain price and quality and you have a winning fragrance or flavour, to sell it is 
difficult, as difficult as it is to chew iron. But the repeat sale is like a pension, so as long as the 
product sells, you keep getting the fragrance order. In terms of the specialty chemicals and 
the camphor, that is a competitive space in its own way. But it's a much easier sell because 
it's largely based on specifications and in the aroma chemicals front based on odour. So each 
of our four verticals has a very different approach in terms of how the product sells. In terms 
of long-term contracts, I think I have clarified to you on flavours and fragrances how it works. 
In the chemicals front, yes, our customers get into, Parag correct me if I am wrong, it is an 
RFQ for six months or three months now? 
Parag Satoska: 
Six months with a review every three months. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
There you go, so that answers your question on the chemicals front. And on the camphor, 
Parag, again, you want to take it?  
Parag Satoska: 
I think, like Dharmil rightly said, on the chemical front, I think the longest duration contracts 
that we have are six months with a review every three months. On the camphor side, what 

 
Page 9 of 17 
goes into religious space is a price which kind of is opened up every 15 to 20 days to the 
market. So it's still the old fashioned way. And for a lot of the other customers that we have 
across the world, it's more or less on spot, when they raise a purchase order, what is the 
current prevailing price. So we don't have extremely long-term contracts where prices are 
fixed for a long duration of time. 
Pareen Gala: 
Excellent. That was very helpful. Sir, last question from my end. If you can just say, our client 
concentration, I mean, the top 10 clients contributing to what kind of sales for us? And 
geography splits also if you can give me some. 
Parag Satoska: 
I think most of this is again covered in our previous calls, if you could please read the 
transcripts so that we save some time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dhaval Shah from ICICI Securities. Your line 
is unmuted. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So, I have a question on the flavour and fragrance side. So, before the merger, the F&F 
business was doing a gross margin of somewhere around 22% odd, and the Aroma Chemical 
was doing around 38%. So how's the gross margin mix right now from the F&F side? Have we 
seen any backward integration benefit or the synergy benefit post the integration? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes. We definitely have. As we continue to add more and more specialty chemicals to our 
portfolio, internally our fragrance and flavour business gets the advantage to use these at 
better prices than market or better prices than what we were buying earlier. So yes, and 
that's why we continue to maintain that our earnings, our EBITDA margins, we are going to 
continue to try keeping at 15% to 17%. And you have seen, in spite of this extremely difficult 
quarter, we still maintained our EBITDA margin. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So, in terms of the strategy, we have seen that you are coming up with the CAPEX, so is there 
any plans to move up with the  value chain in terms of the F&F business? I mean, you already 
have the value added Aroma Chemical portfolio, so that can be utilized in terms of building of 
some value added F&F products, and thereby this 22% gross margin can move up to around 
30%, 35%. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Okay. So I need you to, again, visit our transcripts to get a better understanding of our 
business. The value addition, the CAPEX is primarily related to the specialty Aroma Chemicals 
and in the other chemicals and camphor space. The value addition that we talk about in the 
fragrance and flavour side, we continue to work towards growing that business. It's not a very 
CAPEX related business. And the value addition in terms of what we are doing will largely be 
in trying to win more and more fragrance projects or flavour projects that we get from our 
customers. So I don't quite understand what you mean by value added in terms of flavour 

 
Page 10 of 17 
and fragrance. That value addition is already coming in place and the synergy already exists 
because of our backward integration in the Aroma Chemicals specialty space. 
Dhaval Shah: 
So what is our overall endeavor for the F&F business gross margin? I mean, can it move to 
30% odd from somewhere around 22%, 23% odd, or is it already at 30% right now? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I don't know. Girish, can you answer this question? Because I don't know where he is coming 
up with the 22%-23% numbers. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
I think before the merger, we filed one document and in that we mentioned the Oriental 
Aromatics number, and the camphor number was already there. So at that time, I think 
Oriental gross margin was somewhere around 22% odd. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Right. So I mean, look, I think that was what, four years ago, three years ago? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Yes, right.  
Dharmil Bodani: 
So there has been a lot of changes in the industry in terms of correction of raw material 
prices, etc. And that's why you see our chemical business and our camphor business 
providing the margins that it is. But to answer you directly, whether I believe we can move 
from 22% to 30%? I mean, this is very difficult for me to say because it would be very product 
dependent. If tomorrow we have more wins in a certain product category like fine fragrances 
or deodorants where the margins are better than what they are in soaps, detergents and 
other products. So it would vary. So, for me to get into answering to you per vertical specific 
margins is going to be very difficult. All I can tell you is, across the board we will try and stay 
in the 15% to 17% EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nikhil from Securities Investment. Your line 
is unmuted. 
Nikhil: 
Sir, I was just going through the previous notes, I just wanted to understand, like, you 
mentioned that our gross margins will be sustainable. And where I am coming from is, like, in 
one of our previous discussions we had mentioned that the top three customers were close 
to Rs. 250 crores. Parallelly, based on the projects, the contract lengths is like from six 
months to a review of 15 days for camphor. So, wouldn't the customer be asking us to reduce 
the selling prices consequently as the RM cost is down? Or is it like because the industry 
environment is such that supply is stricter or difficult to get, that's why we are able to 
maintain higher prices? If you can just help me understand this. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes. So firstly, the RM prices are not down, the RM prices are flat. And Parag, the second part 
of the question I will leave to you. 

 
Page 11 of 17 
Parag Satoska: 
Sure. So primarily, I think when we look at the selling prices for all our products in the 
ingredient side, it's a very unique combination of the supply demand gap, plus like you said, 
the contract. So it's not strictly driven by raw material, it's not strictly driven by us being the 
only supplier. And that is the reason why I think the product mix that we have also is very 
strategically selected, where we are neither into only commodities, nor are we only into 
specialties. So this unique combination that we have, gives us the ability to have a certain 
level of advantage in terms of the price. And the new product pipeline will ensure that the 
advantage that we have had in the past continues going forward as well. So if you look at this 
combination, this combination will ensure that the margins are sustainable, the ability of the 
customers to really demand and also to get the right price, I think, the right price is 
something that we normally focus on, and the right price is the price where we also make 
some money and the customer is also able to get the value from the product. And the ability 
to really have a strategic product mix gives us that possibility or the ability to do that. 
Nikhil: 
But sir, I understand your point that the product mix has improved and that is basically 
helping us get a better margins. But parallelly if we look at it, our suppliers, not on suppliers 
but our customers, like IFF or Agan, where like almost 20% of the business is going to, and on 
camphor, which is another Rs. 120 crores. So, if we combine these three, almost 35%, 40% of 
the business is going to either large customers or where the product pricing is more on a bi-
weekly basis. So wouldn't they come back on the pricing to reduce the prices? Because, if IFF 
is coming to us and saying that the RM prices are already down, you should consequently 
reduce our selling prices also, doesn't it work that way? 
Parag Satoska: 
So, I mean, only camphor is something which is kind of a biweekly product, that too in the 
segment where we talk about the religious segment. I mean, when it comes to our pricing 
with IFF, when it comes to over pricing with Agan, these prices or prices which are fixed 
between three to six months, they are not prices which are discussed bi-weekly. And when 
these prices are fixed, there is a very careful consideration of what is our projected raw 
material cost, what is the demand supply situation, what is the competitive situation of the 
other suppliers in the world, and a price is given. And when you offer a big basket of products 
to an IFF or to Agan, I think there is a possibility for us to really ensure that it's a win-win 
situation for all. So, also one more very critical thing is, customers are not looking only for 
pricing, customers are also looking for raw material security, customers are also looking for 
sustainability. There are a lot of price points or there are a lot of other things which the 
customers are looking beyond just price. And that's where I think Oriental Aromatic wins over 
a lot of manufacturers from all over the world. So this is a very important consideration to 
have, beautiful DCS controlled plants to have a sustainable raw material supply, to have a 
derisked raw material buying strategy. All these factors play a role in pricing, and it is not just 
raw material price and the selling price.  
Nikhil: 
Thanks for the detailed explanation. Just one more question, sir. You said that the orders are 
like six months and then on a monthly review, so this is a pricing review? And secondly, you 

 
Page 12 of 17 
mentioned that customers are looking at more of a stability of supply rather than the 
erraticism that we have seen over the last two, three years. So, would you say that a lot of 
new inquiries or new demand is coming because of this Chinese issue? And the China plus 
one, what the world over is talking about, are you seeing any benefits out of this? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Okay. So firstly, it's a three-monthly review, and it's an overall review of the business in terms 
of pricing. Pricing is anyway, a six-monthly fixed contract. But it's just an overall review 
whether the customer has a larger demand for material, is the product mix changing, etc., 
etc. And in terms of your second question, I mean, I know I have been saying you can refer to 
our transcripts with things that we have already answered. Maybe you could contact our IR 
Valorem and they will answer these questions for you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagaraj from Sunidhi Securities. Your 
line is unmuted, you may ask your question. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Sir, just a bookkeeping question. What was the revenue break up in Q1 across the three 
segments, F&F, camphor and speciality? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, it stays in the same split that we have given earlier, which is almost one-third, one-third, 
one-third. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Alright, fair enough. And in Q1, our tax rate has been 35%. And as I understand, last concall 
we had said that we will be opting for the new tax rate. So just wanted some clarification on 
that. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Girish, do you want to answer that, please? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Yes. So Rohit, our tax rate is 25% only, in the new company which we have formed, our 
subsidiary, there we will try for the reduced tax rate of 15%, for the new expansion. But in the 
current Oriental Aromatics, our tax rate is 25%. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
No, but if I calculate for Q1, the effective tax rate comes at around 36%. For a PBT of Rs. 135 
crores we have paid Rs. 35 crores of tax. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
So there is a deferred tax adjustment also, because during the year the tax rate has changed, 
so you can see there is a deferred tax also. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Okay, fair enough. And just one last clarification in terms of guidance. So, you have 
mentioned that FY '21 we will be doing something like 75% of the FY '20 revenues. So if all 
things come back to normalcy, FY '22 will be doing something like FY '20 revenues, is that a 
correct assumption to work around? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
You mean FY 2019-2020? 

 
Page 13 of 17 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Correct. So Rs. 760-odd crores we have done and that that will be reflected. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes. We are hoping that 2021-2022, the financial year that you refer to, we do see some 
growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dinesh Kotecha from Kric Investment. Your 
line is unmuted. 
Dinesh Kotecha: 
First of all, let me wish you a Happy Janmashtami. I wish you all the best. I had attended your 
earlier concall, and as you have been saying, earlier transcripts I have gone through. I just 
wanted to know, in spite of and despite of facing all these uncertainties in the present 
environment, I mean, your EBITDA margin is more or less maintained, now you have started 
producing at 90% capacity at all the plants. And you said that everything currently is flat, in 
one of the earlier questions what was asked to you, the order book is steady. 
Now, I would like to know, basically, any major challenges you are facing adapting to this 
uncertain environment problem? Because logistics problems or raw material or finished 
goods or something of that type? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, when we refer to as flat, what we referred to was raw materials and specific answer to 
somebody else's question. In terms of selling price, we have seen stability and in some cases 
even increases. In terms of challenges, yes, there have been a lot of challenges in terms of 
adjusting to the new way of working, in terms of the precautions that we need to take, I 
mean, the list can go on and on. But I think the team has met those challenges very well. And 
hence, we are already back on track in terms of our production. And we just see how things 
go as the days go by. 
Dinesh Kotecha: 
Sir, my second question is, any central commitment which were deferred as of now, and any 
product reshuffles in the four verticals for business continuity? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I mean, can you repeat that? 
Dinesh Kotecha: 
Any execution commitment that you have deferred as of now, and any product reshuffle 
among the four verticals for business continuity? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
No, everything seems to be okay. I mean, Parag has already mentioned that a little earlier, 
the division of sales across the four verticals is more or less the same. 
Dinesh Kotecha: 
Thank you very much, sir. And wish you all a Happy Janmashtmi. And I think despite of the 
COVID situation and this pandemic problem, I think the balance sheet structure, I mean the 
profit and loss structure wherever is possible you have saved the cost, your interest or 
finance cost has come down. Your depreciation is also more or less in line, your other 
expenses are substantially down, nearly one-third. And again, I hope and pray, because in 

 
Page 14 of 17 
your company what I found is that you people are 100% passionate and committed to the 
business. And I wish you all the best. And in future I would like to come and meet you and see 
you in the AGM also. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you very much. So if you can contact our IR, Mr. Anuj Sonpal, he will help you with it. 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Kotecha. Next question comes from the line of Amit Bagadia, he is an 
individual investor. 
Amit Bagadia: 
Dharmil, a couple of questions on this 1,000 day pension plan that you spoke about in the 
past. I just wanted your perspective that in FY '20 we made a ROE of close to 18%, 19% and 
are increasing focus on specialty chemicals. So, after FY '22 once this CAPEX is over, what kind 
of ROEs internally we are looking for? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Girish, do you want to answer that? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Yes. So, our target is to maintain the ROE also, after the CAPEX. 
Amit Bagadia: 
Okay. So it will remain in the range of 18%, 19% only? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Right. 
Amit Bagadia: 
Okay. Dharmil, the second question is like, last few years you have done a lot of corporate 
restructuring acquisitions, and all of them have now started showing up in the numbers. At 
what point of time would you like to increase the dividend payout, because it's still in the low 
10%, 12% which is on the lower side is for a company like yours. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
We did 50%, right, last year, Girish? 
Amit Bagadia: 
No, no, I am saying as a percentage of the profits. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Girish, can you answer that? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
As a percentage of the profits, if you see, last year we have given around 10% to 12%. We 
have to review the situation, we also have to review the financial position of the company 
and then management will decide, board will decide actually. I also can't comment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Bagadia. Next question comes from the line of Krishna from Sameeksha 
Capital. Line is unmuted, you may ask your question. 
Krishna: 
I wanted to ask, what was our maintenance CAPEX for FY '20? 

 
Page 15 of 17 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Can you repeat the question please? 
Krishna: 
For FY '20, what was our maintenance CAPEX, the CAPEX required to maintain the capacities 
at the same levels? There will be growth CAPEX and there will be maintenance CAPEX, right? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Correct. So, I don't think we have a very significant figure, I mean, I don't have the exact 
numbers with me but I can probably, if needed, ask our finance team to get back to you. Or if 
GK has it, GK can share it with you now. But not significant. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Correct. It is very low. 
Krishna: 
Okay, so mostly insignificant. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Correct. You can consider around 1% max to max. 
Krishna: 
1% of? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
1% of top-line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Krishna. The next question comes from the line of SIddhant Shah from KBS. Line is 
unmuted.  
Siddhant Shah: 
I will try to keep this short. You made some comments about the pent-up demand on the F&F 
side of the business. So, I just wanted to get a sense on how demand is sort of shaping up 
now? And if you could give some guidance on the growth for the next few years, is it similar 
to your consolidated guidance of 15%? What would sort of be the normalized growth rate for 
the F&F side of the business? And I have a follow-up. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
In terms of the pent-up demand I was referring to was largely the pipeline filling, because 
when we went into the lockdown the country didn't probably know when we could go out 
and buy soaps and detergents and things like that. So I think most of that is now clarified, you 
have seen the FMCG numbers also. I mean, in the last two years, we have seen this quarter 
the highest ever at 11.1%. So that part of the demand now, the pipeline filling is done, so we 
will go back to a normal trajectory of what the country was consuming and then on the FMCG 
side we will continue to see, from what we see, in terms of the fragrance and flavour 
demand, a steady growth. Now, whether that's single-digit, double-digit, I am not in a 
position to answer. What was the second part of your question? 
Siddhant Shah: 
Got it. Sir, the second part of my question, I am just trying to understand this, because even if 
I see the other players in the industry, you are the largest player for the last sort of five years, 
on the fragrance side, revenue growth has sort of been flat. So I was just trying to understand 
maybe are we gaining market share? What is the market dynamics sort of in the last five 
years? 

 
Page 16 of 17 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, like we mentioned, 2021 is more in cruise control. I think the new products that we are 
seeing are just in few areas, you don't see many deodorants or many other category products 
being launched or relaunched, etc. So 2021 is a consolidation in terms of what the FMCG 
companies have to maintain it and to continue to grow it. So once we go in on the other side 
of this pandemic, I think that would be probably a better time to answer a question like this. 
In terms of market share, yes, of course, we continue to try to gain ground on that area. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Shah. Next we have Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS.  
Viraj Meta: 
Sir, just wanted to understand, you said that our volumes are back to 90% of our utilization, 
and we are back to pre-COVID. But on the other side, you are saying that we should be able 
to do Rs. 150 crores kind of revenue run rate for the rest of the year. So both things don't 
really add up. So that's why I am kind of confused, I mean, are we seeing demand challenges 
going forward, is that we are guiding downwards? That's the only thing I want to understand. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
It's very difficult in these times to give you a specific answer to that. We are putting it, let's 
put it this way, we are being cautiously optimistic. So we are confident when we tell you that 
our plants are up to 90% in terms of capacities, in terms of how we see the demand. I think 
it's more of a wait and watch situation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Mehta. Next question comes from the line of Rajendra from Fidility 
Management. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Is there additional capacity coming on stream from the rest of the year, which could help you 
make up some of the loss of sales? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes, there is. I have mentioned this in the past also, yes, there is additional capacity coming. 
Parag, correct me if I am wrong, we are looking at maybe third quarter, early fourth quarter, 
right? 
Parag Satoska: 
Yes. For the first project to be commissioned. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Correct. And yes, that would, of course, help in the deficit of revenue that we have given a 
guidance for. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Dharmil Bodani from Oriental Aromatics Limited for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I would like to thank you for participating in the earnings call. I hope we have been able to 
answer most of your questions satisfactorily.  If you have any further questions or would like 
to know more about the company, we would be happy to be of assistance, you can do so by 
reaching out to our Investor Relations managers at Valorem Advisors. We are very thankful to 

 
Page 17 of 17 
all our investors who stood by us, and also who had confidence in the company's growth plan 
and future. Have a great evening. Thank you very much again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Oriental Aromatics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your line. Thank you, all.  
