PROUD TO BE INDIAN 
PRIVILEGED TO BE GLOBAL 
HEG I SECTT 12020 
io» July, 2020 
1 
BSE Limited 
2 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
25th Floor, P J Towers 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Dalal Street 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
Bandra (E), 
Scrip Code: 509631 
MUMBAI- 400 051. 
Scrip Code: 
HEG 
Sub: Conference call Transcript 
Dear Sirs, 
With reference to captioned 
subject, 
we hereby enclose the transcript of conference call 
regarding Q4FY2020 and FY2019-20 results which was hosted by the Company on Monday, 
June 22, 2020 at 14:30 hours 1ST. 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge the same. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited 
~/ 
~. 
Vivek Chaudhary 
Company Secretary 
A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
End: as above 
HEG LIMITED 
Corporate Office: 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1 
Noida - 201 301 (NCR-Delhi), India 
Tel.: +91-120-4390300 (EPABX) 
Fax: +91-120-4277841 
Regd. Office: 
Mandideep (Near Bhopal) Distt. Raisen - 462046 
(Madhya Pradesh), India 
Tel.: +91-7480-405500, 233524 to 233527 
Fax: +91-7480-233522 
Website: www.lnjbhilwara.com 
Website: www.hegltd.com 
Corporate Identification No.: L23109MP1972PLC008290 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“HEG Limited Q4 and FY '20 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA – CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HEG 
LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH GULATI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HEG 
LIMITED 
MR. OM PRAKASH AJMERA – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, HEG LIMITED 
MR. GULSHAN KUMAR SAKHUJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, HEG LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN AGARWAL – HEAD, INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES, SKP SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the HEG Limited Q4 and FY '20 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Navin Agarwal – Head, Institutional Equities at SKP Securities 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Navin Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of all of us at SKP Securities, it is my great 
pleasure and privilege to welcome you to this financial results conference call with the 
leadership team at HEG Limited. 
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala – Chairman, Managing Director and CEO of HEG 
Limited; along with his colleagues; Mr. Manish Gulati – Executive Director; Mr. Om Prakash 
Ajmera – Group CFO; Mr. Gulshan Kumar Sakhuja – CFO. We shall have the opening 
remarks from Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala, followed by a question-and-answer session. 
Over to you Mr. Jhunjhunwala for your opening remarks. Thank you. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you. And good afternoon, friends. And welcome to our Q4 and full year 2019-2020 
con-call. Our results in this quarter, although lower than previous quarter, still remain one of 
the better ones in the industry. However, as you would have noticed, we had to take abnormal 
hit on the account of recognition of inventory at NRV in accordance with the applicable IndAS 
accounting laws. This is typical of our industry, which has a very long production process 
cycle of anywhere between 6 to 24 weeks. And due to this, at any particular time, we would 
always carry substantially large stocks of WIP at different stages of processing. On top of this, 
our main raw material, needle coke, which is imported, adds another six to eight weeks to the 
cycle, due to the distance and some stocks that we have to keep. We enjoyed its resulting gains 
when we were carrying very low-price inventory, WIP, and finished inventories, and electrode 
prices kept going up at regular intervals a couple of years ago. And now it's just the opposite, 
so we have to pay for that.  
The current COVID-19 pandemic, other than being a huge threat for public health, has also 
pushed the world economy towards the worst ever slow down. Even worse than the Great 
Depression of 1930, and also the last one of the financial crises in 2008-2009. As per the latest 
IMF announcements, the global economy is projected to contract sharply to minus 3% in 2020, 
and it expects to grow by 5.8% in 2021, as some economic activity normalizes. We see more 
on the similar figures from different agencies, but at the end of the day, these are just best 
guestimates from different people. And only time will tell what's in store.  

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Last year, the electric arc furnace steel production was down in some of the large steel-
producing regions like Europe, Japan, CIS and Turkey, mainly resulting from slowdown in 
demand. Trade tension between U.S. and China and all other geopolitical tensions in some 
parts of the world that all of us are witnessing. Now, due to COVID crisis, World Steel 
Association in its recent short-range outlook forecast for the current year 2020, the world steel 
demand is likely to contract by 6.4%, and the recovery in 2021 will be to the extent of about 
3.8%. Since the past year, as you have witnessed, the electrode prices have been sequentially 
dropping quarter after quarter to reflect the market conditions. And many of our customers 
have reduced or suspended operations, both of this has resulted in contracting the electrode 
demand. 
As you also know, given what happened to the electrode prices in 2017 and 2018, the 
customers had substantially overbought the electrodes till the first half of 2019, and were 
obviously carrying this extra inventory. And with the current pandemic, this has further slowed 
down the rate of inventory destocking and fresh purchases. The needle coke availability has 
substantially eased, and accordingly the prices of the needle coke have also come down 
substantially. Due to our industry being a process industry, we were able to run part of our 
processes even when the first lockdown was announced on the 24th of March. In fact, we 
never closed down the plant completely and we were lucky that we were only 40, 45 minutes 
away from the main city of Bhopal. And within four to five hours of lockdown being 
announced in the afternoon of the 24th of March, we were able to mobilize about 150 workers 
and about 25 of our senior executives, who stayed inside the premises for the next 30, 35 days 
to keep running the plant, and at least recoup all the in-process work-in-process which was 
lying in the furnaces.  By the end of April, the Madhya Pradesh Government gave permissions 
to most of us to restart at about 50% of its operations. And these restrictions kept getting more 
and more eased to mid-May onwards; subject to following, obviously, the required precautions 
to deal with the COVID at the plant and office premises. 
As you are aware, we have always when exporting about two-thirds of our production to more 
than 30 countries around the globe, and that helped us during this time to hold our ground. 
While we have seen the domestic market drop by about 50% in April and May, it is now set to 
improve with major steel companies increasing their production. What we also saw was that 
some of the large customers kept operating at between 80% to 90%, while many of the smaller 
customer more or less didn't start at all. So overall, we saw a drop of about 50%, 55% in the 
purchase of electrodes at least in April and May. But now we are seeing an uptick as most of 
the other smaller countries have also started production, though at a smaller rate. Whereas the 
large steel companies are surprisingly still operating at more than 75%, 85%. We see a gradual 
improvement, both in domestic and export market going forward for the next quarter. 
However, the situation in the international market was not as bad as India. And to that extent, 
since we export about two-thirds of our production, we were not as badly impacted as some of 
the other international players are. 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
With our four decades of experiences in business, we expect to be supplier of choice to all our 
global and Indian customers. We have taken significant measures to manage our operation in 
this COVID-19 crisis and ensure the health and safety of our workers and team members. We 
have taken enough steps to contain our fixed cost. And as you have been following our 
company, you would have also noticed that in this particular product the fixed cost doesn't 
amount to a very large amount. But given this current situation, obviously, we have looked at 
each and every aspect of our cost and we have been able to make substantial savings, which we 
believe is now going to be a permanent features, we are not going to go back to the olden days 
in terms of our fixed cost. And as I said, the needle coke and other raw materials have come 
off substantially from what they used to be at, let say, about 12 months ago. 
Friends, with this, I would now hand over the floor to CFO, Gulshan Sakhuja, to take you 
through the financial numbers. And then, I along with my colleague Manish, and Group CFO, 
Mr. Ajmera, will be very happy to answer any queries that you may have. Thank you. Over to 
Manish and Gulshan.  
Gulshan Kumar Sakhuja: Thank you, sir. Good afternoon. During the year, the company's performance was affected due 
to lower volumes and realizations. Furthermore, the profitability declined mainly due to 
recognition of inventory at net realizable value as per IndAS by Rs. 427 crores in quarter four 
FY '20 and Rs. 459 crores in the year ended FY '20. For the quarter ended 31 March, 2020, 
HEG recorded revenue from operations of Rs. 374 crores as against Rs. 394 crores in the 
previous quarter, and Rs. 1,347 crores in the corresponding quarter of the last financial year. 
Further, revenue from operations for  FY’20 stood at Rs. 2,149 crores as against Rs. 6,593 
crores in FY '19. EBITDA including other income stood at Rs. 138 crores in FY '20 versus Rs. 
4,767 crores of previous financial year.  
The company reported a net profit of Rs. 53 crores in FY '20, as against profit of Rs. 3,050 
crores in FY '19. Further, in light of the heightened concern on the spread of COVID-19 
pandemic, Government of India announced a lockdown to contain the spread of disease. 
Thereafter, on announcement of lockdown, there was no operating business activity except in 
case of some specific processes which are of continuous in nature. We started again from 23rd 
April of 2020, but at a lower capacity. Presently, it is very early to assess the future impact of 
COVID-19 with reasonable certainty. However, the company is operating its business by 
optimal utilization of available financial resources. And also implemented stringent cost 
control measures across the organization to conserve cash. The company is long-term debt free 
and having treasury size of nearly Rs. 1,250 crores, yielding and average return of 
approximately 7% per annum. 
Our working capital is in line with the historical cycle with customers paying us as per the 
terms. We continue to make payments to our vendors as per our obligations and all payments 
were being paid on respective due dates, hence there is no liquidity concern. The company has 
not opted for the option provided by RBI of deferred payment of interest on working capital 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
facilities. The company has adequate internal financial reporting and control systems, and also 
having a mechanism to continuously review and monitor its policies and procedures to adopt 
with a dynamic environment.  
We would now like to address any questions or queries you may have in your mind. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is on the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is from the industry perspective. What 
is the level of inventory of finished goods and needle coke that the industry is carrying 
currently?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
So, Manish, will you take it up?  
Manish Gulati: 
Sure. I will take it up, sir. Sonali, did you mean what is the level of inventory of electrodes the 
steel companies have?  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Yes. And separately, needle coke as well with us? With us as in the graphite electrode 
companies from the industry. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. See, I can answer this question in a way that, first, we will exclude India out of this, 
because in India they have brought down their inventory levels. But globally, still people are 
caught with contracts with extra electrode. So, you must have heard our competitors also, that 
they were saying that this inventory correction should have taken place by end of 2019, and 
then they pushed to H1 2020, and then that's when the COVID struck. And now we believe 
that more or less inventory correction should take place by the end of this year totally out of 
the system.  
And about your second question of how much needle coke we have, I mean, because our 
product is such that we always have two months with us in the factory and two months on the 
way from high seas, but just because we had bought and committed extra needle coke last year, 
I think we can really say that depending upon the level of production, we are probably having 
around six to seven months of needle coke inventory with us. And it is quite a similar situation 
with many companies, I am would not say all, but many.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
And from when did the prices of needle coke start coming off materially?  
Manish Gulati: 
Coming up or going down?  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Coming off, going down? 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. Yes. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, I will answer this in a simple manner. See, it is a very theoretical question, because not 
just us, all the other graphite manufacturers are holding such large stocks of needle coke. 
Because if you remember just about 12 to 18 months ago, the needle coke availability was so 
poor that everybody was buying whatever was available at whatever price, because the 
electrode prices reached so high that nobody cared. And everybody was expecting the needle 
coke to be not available at any particular time. So everybody kept buying more and more, 
pushing the prices even higher. So to that extent, it's probably similar situation with everybody 
that everybody was caught unaware with the sudden drop and then whatever has happened in 
the world in the last three, four months. So each one of us were sitting with a fairly large 
inventory. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sure. Sir, and since when did the needle coke cost started dropping off? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
It started dropping off from February, March onwards. But one thing which I forgot to 
mention, to finish my description of coke, to the extent I said it's a theoretically question, I 
mean, nobody's buying. The prices have dropped a lot, but even at those very low prices 
nobody is interested to buy any coke. I mean, given the stock position that everybody has….. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understand sir. Sir, and my second question is, I mean, you mentioned in your starting remarks 
that the electrode realization has been sequentially dropping off for the industry as a whole. So 
where do you envisage the electrode realizations kind of stabilizing around, at what level?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, again, this number will not give you anything, because everybody is carrying such huge 
stocks of inventory, somebody bought more coke at $4,000, somebody bought little less coke 
at $5,000. So it's such a big mix of different type of coke purchase at different times in the last 
six to nine months. So, I can understand what you are trying to get at, but the question is so 
difficult to answer that, it's all a mix of everything. So probably an easier way to answer will 
be, what is the spread from the selling price to the needle coke price. Probably that is a much 
easier way to understand what you are asking for. Because, if I give you the selling price of 
electrode today, you will not be able to make out anything, because price maybe x, but you are 
needle coke cost in some cases maybe more than that x price of selling price, in some case it 
maybe similar, in some case it may be lower.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it. So sir, any ballpark number that you would like to share, where you think the spreads 
could normalize or stabilize? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, I can only tell you that having taken the hit on account of the NRV accounting, obviously, 
whatever stock of coke we had at a higher price versus whatever is the currently available price 
of needle coke, it has taken that entire hit in one go in January-March quarter. So going 
forward, the margins and spread and everything have to only improve. Whatever be the 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
electrode price, that margin has to only improve; it cannot deteriorate compared to what we 
have gone through in the last quarter. And especially with the timing of the COVID and the 
demand going down further and people not being able to produce more electrode and things 
like that. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understand. Sir, my next question is, what was our capacity utilization in Q4 FY '20 and for 
FY '20 as a whole? And what is this current utilization that we are working at, amidst COVID? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, I will take this question. For the Q4, if you look at in terms of black and white, it was in 
50s, but we sold more than that. So sales wise, it was in a mid-60s for Q4. And for whole of 
the year, it was a lower 60s, both by capacity wise and sales wise, it was in 60s.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sure. Sir, and amidst COVID right now, I mean, in the resumption status, what is the current 
capacity utilization that we are looking, say, on an average in May and mid of June? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, currently if we talk about the quarter, because this quarter was kind of imbalanced 
because we had a lockdown and then we started the full plant around 23rd April, and then there 
is the process time also. So if you look at April, May, June put together, it's close to 50%.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sure. Sir, my next question is, which are our key current geographies? And any key risk 
particular to any countries that we are witnessing right now?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Sonali, we were very well diversified as far as customer base is concerned, I mean, we are 
fortunate to have done that in the past for many, many years. So we are quite evenly placed 
between India and the Middle East and the Southeast Asian countries and Europe and Turkey. 
So we are not as heavily dependent on one, two or three countries. And as you know, these 
geopolitical things keep changing all the time, I mean, if we just put the country count, it's 
around 30-plus countries where we export. And region wise, it's quite evenly between all the 
five continents. So we are not endangered by any trade barrier or anything coming of one-off 
countries per se.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sure. Sir, and my last question, any comments or updates on your CAPEX front of 20,000 
metric tonnes? 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
The CAPEX plan is very much there, it's very much on. However, there are bound to be some 
delays because of this COVID which we are assessing. A lot of equipment have to come from 
overseas and lot of things had to be procured locally also. So the plan is very much on, but 
there might be delays.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it, sir. So our date of commissioning, our estimated date of commissioning is the first 
quarter of 2022? 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
Yes. That is correct. That is what we had originally given. That's right. 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
That's not. That was the original date. 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
That was the original date, yes. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
We had always said January, March 2022 should be the time when we will come out with the 
new production from that expansion. But given the situation where most of the suppliers are 
not able to work, and we have more than 30, 40 very major suppliers from different parts of the 
world. So even one or two of them getting delayed by three months or six months, will impact 
the entire sales. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understand sir. Sir, and what would be our estimated outgo towards this CAPEX?  
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
It's around Rs. 1,000 crores actually.  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
About Rs. 1,000 crores. 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
It was Rs. 1,000 crores. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Rs. 1,000 crore. Got it. All right. Thank you so much sir for this and very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep N. from HEG. Please go ahead.  
Sandeep N: 
Yes. I just have a question that Chairman sir told that steel demand is likely to go down by 
6.5%. And he said that the electrode prices are also dropping down in last one or one and half 
years. So weather that trend still continues or you expect that electrode prices to stabilize or 
something like that? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, as I just said, I mean, we think that probably the worst is over. What we have seen in 
terms of pricing and the sales in April, May, June, we only see an upside from July onwards. 
Sandeep N: 
Okay. So given the issue that your main raw material prices are also going down, so that would 
be a better thing for the company?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. But again, to again clarify, I mean, we still are carrying large stocks of finished products 
and needle coke, as Gulshan just explained, which is typical of this industrial or any industry, 
which is a very long process time. So that impact will continue for at least two more quarters.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhil Jalan from Kamal Jalan Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Akhil Jalan: 
You mentioned, sir, that you were using Rs. 1,000 crores for expansion. Wanted to just 
understand how much of that Rs. 1,000 crores has already been used? And what is the 
deployment charts for the same? 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
We have already spent about Rs. 200 crores to Rs. 250 crores. Obviously, lot of actual 
construction activities have already begun middle of last year. So some money has gone in to 
that. And as I said, a very large part of this Rs. 1,000 crores is against imported equipments. 
So, several letter of credits have been established, advances have been paid to international 
suppliers. So in total, it in that region of Rs. 200 crores to Rs. 250 crores.  
Akhil Jalan: 
And is there any plan for backward integration in terms of setting up a needle coke plant in 
future or something like that, which is a part of this Rs. 1,000 crores expansion unit?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No. That is not. It is simply the 20,000 tonnes expansion of electrode. And as far as the 
backward integration is concerned, it's very, very difficult, because this technology is 
extremely complicated. In the sense, the technology has been in the hands of three or four 
international companies, and that scenario hasn't changed over last 50, 70 years.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Sir, just wanted to know where are we in terms of spreads, gross spreads? So electrode prices 
minus the raw materials, based on current prices, so I am not taking about the inventory that 
you carry historically, just based on, are we near to that 2015-2016 lows or we are better than 
that or even lower? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, we are certainly better, certainly better than if you are comparing with 2015-2016.  
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Okay. How much sir, if you can quantify it slightly better or maybe far better?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Somewhat better.  
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Okay. That help, sir. And sir, secondly, what is the price differential between UHP and HP 
today? Have the spreads between both these products came off? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, let me take this question. See, the ultra-high power grade uses the needle coke which has a 
completely different pricing, and the HP grade uses our Indian coke which has a completely 
different pricing. Although, the cost of conversion would be the same, but you start with a 
completely different raw material price base. So it will be difficult to compare the two spreads, 
but normally speaking, the HP always remains under more pressure because of Chinese 
competition. Because Chinese are not as much of a competition in UHP, but HP they do are. 
So, I mean, historically also speaking, the HP prices have are more under pressure compare to 
the UHP pricing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandramauli Shrinivasan, who is an 
Individual Analyst. Please go ahead. 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Chandramauli Shrinivasan: So, how is the competitive intensity now on the pricing stance from China? Because in 
between there was a lot of selling at low prices by China is what we had heard. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, as Manish just explained, we compete with China only on that non-ultra-high power. And 
if my memory serves me right, I mean, that is about one-third of our total production, about 
35% to 40%. So we do compete with China on that 30%, 35% kind of non-UHP. On the major 
part which is the UHP, and which is where we are exporting more than two-thirds of our 
products, we don't compete with China.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Actually, I joined in the call late, so I don't know if this question has been answered. But is 
there a positive contribution between incremental revenue and incremental cost of raw material 
today?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Gulshan, will you take this? 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
Yes, there is an incremental contribution to that, because already we have taken a hit on our 
inventory that is sitting on our books on 31 March, 2020.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. So the new material which comes into our factory and the new realization which you 
see, there is a positive contribution. And does it absorb the fixed cost as well?  
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
Yes, definitely it would absorb the fixed cost as well. Because we have already taken a major 
hit in our books of accounts in last year.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. And what is the broad range of realizations which you are looking at theUHP Market?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
That is a difficult question to answer actually, you see, it's a basket actually, so there are some 
more businesses, pre-COVID contracts still continuing, new ones getting filled. So, today's 
price, if you see, it is a very difficult question to answer, what is the price realization. So in 
every quarter, there is a mix of some carryover contracts, some new orders being booked. And 
I would not like to mention a particular price, because of competitive reasons. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Sure. And in terms of needle coke pricing, how is the pricing behaving? That's my last 
question. Again, I don't know if this has been answered, but how is that cost of raw material 
behaving? You think in terms of our booking the high cost inventory is completely over and 
we are realizing the new cost? Or that will, again, take some more time for us to realize? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, I had answered this question exactly about five minutes ago. See, this is a very typical 
kind of an industry where our process time is very long. I mean, once we get the raw material, 
the easiest product takes about six to eight weeks to produce, while some of the difficult ones 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
take as much as five to six months. So given this long production cycle, at any particular time 
we do have to carry lot of inventory, whether it was lower cost coke or a higher price coke. So 
that is going to be there in any case at any time. And in addition to that, because of our main 
raw material is imported, so obviously one has to keep a margin of two months in terms of 
carry stock, which one would not normally carry if it was an Indian stock. So that's number 
one. 
Secondly, talking about the needle coke price, the needle coke price has also come down 
substantially, pretty substantially in the last three, four months. Again, given the scenario 
where everyone, not just us, practically every graphite supplier in the world is also sitting with 
very large stocks of needle coke. Because in the last two, three years, needle coke was in such 
a short supply that everybody bought whatever was available to him to buy. So, everybody is 
carrying a large stock. 
But again, as Gulshan just explained, having taken the hit on the NRV, we have taken all that 
into account while giving the results for the whole year. So going forward, we expect that 
probably the worst is over and the margins and everything should hopefully improve, the 
markets are also improving. Indian market was more or less down by about 50% in April and 
May, which is now increasing; it has probably gone up to about 60%, 65%. International 
market was down by about 15%, 20%, so it was much better than the Indian market. And to 
that extent, because we have been exporting about two-thirds of our productions, so that 
obviously helped. So our overall production and sales for this quarter is in the region of about 
50% to 55%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Kayal from Nippon India. Please go 
ahead.  
Manish Kayal: 
Sir, I have two questions. First is related to your competitor. So a couple of months ago, 
GrafTech mentioned in their PPT that some of their customers are renegotiating the past 
contracts which were made at very high prices. So is there any benefit that would accrue to us? 
Because as you mentioned earlier that there are only three, four players who do UHP products, 
so any color on that? 
And second is related to scrappage policies. So I am not sure when the scrappage policy would 
be announced, but whenever it's announced in India, what would be the opportunity for 
graphite electrode players? And whether it's for the UHP, HP or any other category of HP, 
which would benefit? So if you can give some color on that opportunity, volume wise, 
realization, margins, so that would be very helpful sir. Thank you. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, I will take the first one, and Manish will answer the second one probably. See, on the first 
one, if I take you back into history, about the three, four years ago when the electrode prices 
had suddenly shot up to very abnormal levels, GrafTech being the only company out of the 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
five or six that we are in the world, who has needle coke backing with them, they have more or 
less 75% to 80% of their own coke, that is the only company which has backward integration 
into coke. And major raw material for producing the needle coke is a very high quality of oil. 
And in U.S., as you know, you can hedge your oil, you can book your oil for the next five to 
seven years if you want. So when they came out with this policy and they went around 
committing for five years, so they had a policy of five years take-or-pay kind of contract at a 
fixed price. So they had this luxury because they had their own needle coke and they hedged 
their oil, their raw material for the next five years at a particular price. 
So given that, they more of less fixed their margins because their needle coke cost got fixed for 
five years, which was not the case for anybody else in the graphite industry except themselves. 
So what you just mentioned is happening to them because contracts for five years are still due 
for the next 18 months. I think, three and a half years have passed out of five years, up till 
December of 2021 they are fully booked at the take-or-pay contract. So their margins are 
obviously much, much better than anybody else. They are still able to sell at about $10,000 
against their take-or-pay contract. So what you mentioned is probably what you probably 
meant was a lot of the customers who had booked for five years at $9,000, $10,000, so some of 
them are trying to renegotiate with them because the electrode prices have dropped 
substantially below $10,000. 
Manish Kayal: 
Okay. And whenever that comes for renegotiation, do we have a chance to get in front of those 
clients?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, there is no renegotiation. You see, in America when you have a take-or-pay kind of 
contract of five years, I mean, you have to buy x quantity at a y price, which is pre-decided for 
five years. But now that the electrodes prices have dropped much below $10,000, so those 
customers are renegotiating with GrafTech to get a cheaper price compared to $10,000, which 
is probably being discussed between the customer and the supplier, we would not know what is 
happening. So obviously they are looking at maybe $500, $1,000, $2,000, so it is up to 
GrafTech to accept or not accept. So we are not affected by that, we are not impacted in any 
case. 
Manish Gulati: 
And about your second question about scrappage policy. See, this is running delayed by at 
least two, three years now. So once it comes, it will certainly be helpful bigger to the electric 
arc furnace production in the country. Because you see, if you look at Americans, they all used 
shredded cars and nobody uses DRI in steel-making. So when the scrap policy finally comes, 
there will be lot of scrap which will be available in house, because India is still a net importer 
of scrap. So once they have it, the EX-way of steel production will be more viable in India 
once they actually give the go-ahead for this policy.  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, what Manish is trying to say is, about 30% of India's total steel is produced through the 
electric arc furnace where electrodes are used. While the international average is about 50%. 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
So if you look at the total steel production of the world minus China, close to 50% of the still 
is produced through the electric arc furnace where the electrodes are used. And in India, that 
number is 30%. So one of the reason is scrap, non-availability of scrap.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ajay Mehta, who is an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Ajay Mehta: 
Sir, the query is basically on the quarter results which you have given. In December 2019, we 
have shown that the cost of material consumed has been about Rs. 260 crores. The same 
situation if we go forward March 2020, it is showing cost of material consumed as Rs. 458 
crores. Can you please elaborate? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Gulshan, will you take that? 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
Yes. This is on account of NRV hit that we have taken in the last financial year.  
Ajay Mehta: 
Sorry. 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
This is on account of inventory recognition at net realizable value that we have done in the last 
quarter. 
Ajay Mehta: 
Okay. The one you were talking about that Rs. 400 crores which we have taken itself. So that 
is reflecting in this this particular… 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
Yes. If you see our results, it is clearly mentioned in the note Number 5 of the result that will 
clearly resolve your queries. 
Ajay Mehta: 
Fine, sir. Thanks. That answers my queries in a big way. Coming back, second query is about, 
what is the breakeven sales? As a shareholder you would like to know that you have been 
performing very well and you have rewarded the shareholders for the last two years, and we 
are thankful for that. But going forward, we just would like to know what is the breakeven 
sales which you would achieve so that there is no loss in the company? For example, in the 
December 2020, probably because of the NRV, we are showing a Rs. 400 crores loss. But 
going forward, can you please quantify what would be the breakeven sales which will let us 
know that there will be no loss in the company going forward? 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
If you see, breakeven is the factor where my contribution and fixed costs, both are equal. And 
contribution is again the factor of my selling price and my coke price. Now due to this COVID 
situation that is going on, it is very difficult to comment where this selling price would go in 
future. So right now, it's not possible to give you this breakeven point as on date, because it is 
a factor of only two things, my contribution and fixed, and my contribution is a factor of my 
selling price and that coke price. So currently it's not that feasible to provide this number to 
you. 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Ajay Mehta: 
Sir, if you could highlight on your fixed cost, we could walk backwards and check on what 
it's… 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
It is a very difficult question to answer, because it's purely a matter of cost of needle coke. 
Needle coke accounts for more than 50% of our total cost, including fixed cost and energy. 
And needle coke went up by 5x to 6x in the last three years, so that the electrode prices go up. 
So that spread as the electrode prices went up by 5x, 6x, the needle coke prices went up by 5x 
to 6x, so the differential margin was much larger in case of graphite, because in the worst case, 
in the worst days the electrode prices had dropped to something like $2000 and the needle coke 
prices had dropped to something like $500. So I was talking about the spread that in the 
electrode, rather than talking about the margins at what price in this entire, it is more important 
to understand the differential between the electrode selling price and needle coke price. So in 
the worst scenario, in the worst case about three, four years ago, the needle coke prices where 
about $500 and the electrode prices were like $2,000, so giving a spread of $1,500. And in the 
best case scenario two years later, the electrode prices went up to $14,000, $15,000, and the 
needle coke prices went up to like $4,000 and $4,500. So that spread of $1,500 suddenly went 
up to about $10,000 to $11,000. 
And needle coke is, let's say, practically 50%, 55% of our total cost. So giving it a number that 
at x price we are breaking even, it's not very easy. And you probably joined the discussion 
later; here is an industry where that process time is very, very long. Once we put the needle 
coke into operation, it takes anywhere between two months to five to six months to process 
those electrodes. So given very long production cycle, whatever coke we purchase at $500, and 
maybe sold at $10,000, you carry it for like four to six months. So that huge inventory profit 
came to us two, three years ago, and now we have to pay for that. I mean, our inventory is all 
very high price coke whereas the electrode prices have dropped.  
Ajay Mehta: 
Fair enough. I get the broad idea of the whole thing. Coming back, last two years we have been 
doing very well, why is still a loan figure coming in our balance sheet, is there any particular 
reason? Though we have reduced our loan, but why are we not totally loan free, sir?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No. Actually there's no loan, the loan is because we still do get a cheaper interest loan because 
of exports.  
Ajay Mehta: 
Okay. So the interest cost which is there is basically the arbitrage cost? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
 Sort of. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Anuj Sharma from M3 Investment. Please go ahead.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes. Thank you again. Sir, just wanted your thoughts on this industry. Now, for a very long 
time before 2016, approximately 10 to 12 years ago, for duration of 10 to 12 years the industry 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
was pretty much flat, ranging from flat profits in a bit cyclical way. We had three exceptional 
years, 2016, 2017, 2018. Just when you think out, you think the industry will go back to the 
decade of slight volatility or you think the exceptional years of the last two, three years can be 
repeated? How do you think through this scenario going forward?  
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. These two years you were referring to are very exceptional years, this is a once in a 
lifetime event which happen suddenly, of course, we don't expect that we will go back to those 
kind of levels. But if you look at historical data, this is an industry which has had healthy 
EBITDA for most of the years, for majority of the years, except that there were like four, five 
dips in between if you consider the last 30 year history of this industry. So what happened in 
the last two years is very difficult to replicate. But the industry should return to healthy 
EBITDA levels.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. Do you think anything has changed in the last few years which can have very different 
dynamics or economics then the past decade of 2006 to 2016? Any fundamental change in the 
business, competitors or the way the business has evolved?  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I will take this question, Manish. See, two things I will tell you. What happened about three 
years ago, which increased the prices from maybe $2,000 to $10,000, $12,000, $14,000, it was 
very simple that China decided that they will close down about 150 million tonnes of steel 
making, which was all through the blast furnace. As you know, 50% of the steel is produced 
through the blast furnace and the other 50% is through electric arc furnace, where electrodes 
are used. And it's a very well documented information that for every tonne of steel that you 
produce through the blast furnace route, you are polluting the atmosphere about the 3x 
compared to electric arc furnace. So China decided three, four year ago that they need to take 
care of the environment. And China was producing 95% of the steel through the blast furnace. 
Whereas the rest of the world was only producing 50% through the blast furnace. 
So they decided to stop 150 million tonnes, and that suddenly meant that China which was 
exporting about 120 million tonnes of steel all over the world, so having the stock 150 million 
tonnes of capacity, their capacity to dump steel all over the world went down substantially. So 
from 120 million tonnes in the last three, four years, China has now settled at about 60 million 
tonnes. That 60 million tonnes of dumping of steel which stopped from China three, four years 
ago, meant that the other part of the world, which was everybody minus China, had to produce 
about 60 million tonnes of addition steel, which was coming from China to up till that time. 
And that changed the picture of this industry, because suddenly 30 million tonnes, 35 million 
tonnes of additional electric arc furnace steel started getting produced which you needed 
electrodes. 
 
And going back from 2010 to 2015-2016, because the market was not improving for the steel 
industry all of the world, at least to 200,000 tonnes of electrode capacity were shutdown, 
mostly in Europe and U.S. So somebody had to close down the capacity to bring some sanity 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
in the business in terms demand and supply. So, while on the one side 200,000 tonnes of 
capacity went down by closure of six to seven plants, and suddenly this thing which I just 
explained about China added to it. So there was suddenly a mismatch between demand and 
supply, which changed the total dynamics. And in the last six months, I mean, I am only 
talking from public information, if you read scripts of conference call in the public 
presentation that some other companies have made, they have already closed down two plants, 
one plant has been closed down in Germany, another plant has been closed on in Austria, in 
last six to nine months.  
So that has also brought down the capacity in the last six months or so. Now it only depends 
upon how the world is going to change over the next 12 months, whether it will take six 
months for a normal world economy to come back to the normal levels in nine months or 12 
months, that is anybody's guess. But some capacities have shutdown in the last six months. To 
that extend, the electrodes capacity has come down. So once we get back to the normal 
situation we saw about the year or two years before, probably it should look up.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is, is this net reduction in capacity or there were new plants 
which also came up, so net-net there is no capacity reduction? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No. No. 
Anuj Sharma: 
There is net capacity reduction? 
Manish Gulati: 
So this is net because there has been no new greenfield graphite plant which was established. I 
mean, we started production in 1977, and in 1977 there was only one small plant which started, 
a new plant started in Malaysia about 15 years ago. So in the last 10 to 15 years, there has been 
no new plant at all.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Okay. And what is the net capacity reduction in terms of percentage? Or if it is in terms of 
tonnes also that will be helpful, the two shutdowns. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Between 2013 and 2016, about 200,000 tonnes of capacity went out of circulation. And I think 
the last six months, about 50,000 tonnes to 55,000 tonnes of further closures have happened.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One-Up Financial. Please 
go ahead.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Just one clarification from an earlier question. You mentioned that peak spread two years ago 
was around $10,000 to $11,000 per tonne at EBITDA level for us, which is usually $1,000, 
$1500 per tonne, did I get these figures right? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, you are comparing the spread, what Chairman said was one of the worst year, that is the 
lowest it had gone, and this is the best it went two years back. So this is just a range which he 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
was mentioning. Of course, that $1,500 spread is not good enough at all, because those were 
one of the bad years for the company. But since from earlier question was asking was what 
was the lowest it went, so that is what the Chairman answered, actually.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. That was the lowest and not… 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, but that is not sustainable level of EBITDA, $1,500 is not sustainable anyway. That is 
what made so many plants in the world closed down actually.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right. So what would be the current spread if I take spot price for graphite electrodes and spot 
price for needle coke currently? If you can highlight that.  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I mean, without giving any numbers, it is much higher than $1,500.  If we were to compare 
with our today's cost of purchase versus today's cost of sale. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right. And sir, just one, what would be the peak prices for needle coke and graphite electrodes, 
and what would be the prices today? If you could just highlight that. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, I would not like to give any numbers for today, because, obviously, we don't want to let 
others know about it. But the older numbers we have been speaking for last one hour, I mean, 
the highest electrode price was about $14000, $15000, $16000. And the highest needle coke 
price is was in the range of $4,000 to $4,500.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Chandramauli Shrinivasan, who is an Individual 
Analyst. Please go ahead. 
Chandramauli Shrinivasan: Sir, you very beautifully gave us the example of the comparison between the electrode price 
and needle coke price, say $2,500, and in the peak $16,000 and $4,500 or $5,000. So I wanted 
to know, what is that difference today roughly? I think probably the same question was asked 
before me but you didn't give an exact number, you said it was substantially better. I know that 
you said that you are not buying needle coke at today's price because we have inventory, but 
since you've probably brought all that inventory down for today's buying price of needle cokes, 
so going forward in your cost you should be able to see the lower cost. Therefore, what's that 
difference in between the electrode price and needle coke price? That was my question.  
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, you are right. You are absolutely right. I mean, that is what I said. I mean, going forward 
that is exactly what I said that probably the worst is over, as we have taken a fairly large hit on 
the stocks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I will now hand over… 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you. Manish, will you make the closing remarks? 

 
HEG Limited 
June 22, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, sir. So, thank you very much for listening to our Q4 con-call. And we hope to speak to 
you again with our quarter one results and hopefully with better set of numbers. Thank you so 
much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
