 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
“Ujjivan Small Finance Bank Q1 FY- ‘21 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. NITIN CHUGH – MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MRS. UPMA GOEL – CFO 
MR. RAJAT KUMAR SINGH - BUSINESS HEAD, MICRO 
BANKING & RURAL BANKING 
MR. KALYAN RAMAN – CHIEF CREDIT OFFICER  
MR. MURLI MANOHAR - NATIONAL MANAGER FINANCIAL 
PLANNING AND ANALYSIS 
MRS. SNEH THAKUR - HEAD OF CREDIT, MICRO BANKING 
& RURAL BANKING 
MR. DEEPAK KHETAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MR. MURLI MANOHAR - NATIONAL MANAGER, FINANCIAL 
PLANNING & ANALYSIS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK MURARKA – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ujjivan Small Finance Bank Q1 FY ‘21 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Murarka from IIFL Securities 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Thank you, Steven. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining the conference call. From 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank, we have the entire top management team, led by Mr. Nitin Chugh 
– Managing Director and CEO; Mrs. Upma Goel – the Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Rajat Singh 
– Business Head, Micro Banking and Rural Banking; Mr. Kalyan Raman – the Chief Credit 
Officer; Mrs. Sneh Thakur – Head of Credit, Micro Banking and Rural Banking; Mr. Murli 
Manohar – National Manager, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Mr. Deepak Khetan – Head 
of IR. We thank the management team for this opportunity and also for the detailed disclosures 
they have given in the PPT this time. The call will start with opening remarks from the 
management team, and we’ll then open up for Q&A. Thanks, and I hand it over to Nitin for his 
opening remarks. Over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good morning to everybody and thank you for joining us. I know it’s a 
holiday, but we thought we’ll give you a lot of time this time to analyze the presentation and 
keep the call the next day so that we can get into some meaningful question and answers. This 
time around, we’ve tried to keep our disclosures as transparent as possible. And we’ll go over 
some of those specific aspects in detail during the call. I’d like to start with our continuing 
thoughts and prayers for those of us who are dealing with the COVID crisis and all the people 
who’ve got infected and their family members. Even in Ujjivan, we’ve had 185 employees who 
have so far been infected and unfortunately we also lost one colleague in the last month and the 
bank is trying to do everything to help the family.  
Coming to the quarter, it’s probably right to say that it’s been a remarkable quarter and also an 
unremarkable quarter at the same time. Unremarkable because the book was on standstill, 
portfolios was on moratorium, there wasn’t too much of economic activity, even though there 
were parts of the economy which were starting to show an uptick. But at the same time, 
remarkable because we tried our best, and we’ve put in a lot of efforts to do several things largely 
to prepare ourselves for the future and take decisions and measures to stay healthy and safe both 
as a bank as an organization and as well for our employees. So, we are very happy with the 
outcomes that we have been able to deliver for this quarter. As you know, Ujjivan has always 
stood out differently and this time around it was no different. We took a very humane approach 
to the whole crisis like we talked about in the last earnings call. It is our commitment to stand 
by our customers, our employees and in all our briefings, in all our discussions internally, we 
have tried to keep our employees at the first priority and trying to just make sure that they are 
safe and secured.  

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
We were also one of those few companies who did not need to, we had said very clearly that we 
would never have to ask anybody to go and our headcount as you would notice is stable. And 
that also shows in our income, in our expenses where our personnel cost is also stable and 
consistent with what it was the last quarter. All our teams have put in a lot of effort. I just want 
to remind you of a few things, which we covered in the last earnings call and how we’ve 
progressed on that basis. So, if you remember we had created a lot of cross-functional teams as 
soon as the lockdown was announced and these cross-functional teams were required to work 
on different objectives, broadly in the areas of digital initiatives, cost optimization, looking after 
the safety and security of our employees, making sure that our operations are continuous and 
uninterrupted, a lot to do with managing our liquidity, deposits inflow, et cetera. So all these 
teams, they’ve put in a lot of efforts, including our teams on the ground which were operational 
at all points in time. Most of the time during the last quarter, we had 95 to 98% of our branches 
also operational, even though the customer footfall is significantly reduced and we do appreciate 
that and we have used this time, like I talked about the last time to try and work on things which 
will prepare us for the future and we are able to work with our customers on a contactless basis 
from remote. I’ll cover some of that in detail as we go along. 
We had also formed a business continuity monitoring committee of the board in early April, and 
this team has been helping us and guiding us through this whole period. And we have very 
frequent discussions with the committee of the board and in fact, even the entire board. Our 
entire board has also been very supportive of all the measures that we’ve taken and we have tried 
in a very earnest manner to make sure that all the stakeholders that we are responsible for or we 
work with, including the communities that we work for and work with, we stay committed and 
we have also used this time to very strongly reaffirm our purpose to what we stand for. So 
Ujjivan stands for serving the unserved and the underserved, we have just completely reaffirmed 
our whole purpose, and we have seen extremely high levels of commitment from our teams, both 
in terms of the objectives that we were trying to drive on the business and collection side as well 
as trying to work with the communities and especially the health care workers and the other 
people who are fighting the whole COVID situation in different cities. 
Now during this time, a lot of uncontrollable things also happened, which was largely to do with 
the spread of the infection, intermittent lockdowns, even though we were unlocking from June. 
And like I had mentioned the last time around, we spoke on the 19th of May when we announced 
our results, we had restored our field operations from 4th of May, and we were gradually picking 
that up. And as we were doing that, we were very optimistic and it looked like that we had come 
to a point where we were in control of both lives and livelihoods as a country. But unfortunately, 
since the spread of infection has rather been unabated and every day we are reporting the highest 
ever numbers including yesterday, it has been a bit of going forward and coming back, especially 
because of the intermittent lockdowns and every state and every district taking their own kind 
of decisions about when they need to unlock and to what extent they need to go back to 
lockdowns. So we are dealing with that, and we are trying our best to deal with that situation. 
And like we had mentioned in the last call because we wanted to focus on creating capabilities 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
for future, we really fast tracked a lot of our work around repayments, digital repayments 
especially and I’ll talk about that also in detail. 
Now, let me just take you through some of the important aspects of the last quarter and I’ll also 
cover a bit more July, since July has also got over yesterday. We have information till yesterday 
about some of the important metrics, so we’ll talk about those as well. So, let me first talk about 
the whole collections and the moratorium part of the discussion. So moratorium, as you know 
we have disclosed on a very transparent basis as to what has been our logic of giving moratorium. 
We have also reported that half our customers and I had talked about this the last time that we 
expect 35 to 40% customers coming out of moratorium by June end. And we’ve done much 
better than that, so only 47% of the portfolio was in moratorium as of June end. We have 
improved over that in terms of our collections efficiency in July. So our collections efficiency, 
which was 53% in June, has now moved to a little over 60% in the month of July as of yesterday. 
We still have from last the rounding off reconciliation to be done, which is happening today. So 
it might just be a little better than what I’m telling you right now, but it is going to be in the 
range of 60, 61%. 
The important thing about the second version of the moratorium was that we changed our 
strategy from giving it on a opt out basis, which we had explained the last time that since we 
didn’t have the option of going and taking consent or going and meeting our customers, we had 
offered it by default. And while it did concern a lot of people as to why 90% of the book was in 
moratorium, we did try to explain that there was no way that we could have taken any consent 
from customers. So we offered it to all our customers and since bulk of our customers by 
numbers is microfinance, all of them were offered moratorium. We continue to stay in touch 
with our customers during this time through our teams and we were getting very regular periodic 
information about what kind of difficulties people were going through and whether or not they 
were in a position to pay. So when we step up our field operations and going out in the field in 
June and a little more in July in spite of all the limitations that were there because of the 
intermittent lockdowns, we are keeping a view very clearly that one is that we are not pushing 
customers for repaying and that is one value system that Ujjivan had and we will never want to 
go aggressive with collections, especially since the information about the moratorium, the 
knowledge about that there is a moratorium is widely available and we don’t want to get into 
any conflicts where people perceive that the moratorium is not being given by the bank. It’s our 
obligation both as a bank as well as a corporate citizen that, if a customer is in difficulty and 
there is a provision for moratorium, we offer that moratorium. 
So we have been able to collect a combination of one installment, two installments, three 
installments. To some extent, we have also talked about that in our investor presentation, if you 
noticed that. But it’s suffice to say that the whole logic of why and how the moratorium is 
applied, and I’m sure a lot of you have that question in mind, is wherever we are seeing 
customers who have made a payment to us, those are the customers who are moving out of the 
moratorium. It is not very important for us whether it’s one installment or two or three because 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
when a customer starts to pay, we are also assessing whether the economic activity has got 
restored and the income generation is coming back on track, and that gives us the confidence 
and in any case, the customers have to ask for the moratorium now. So it’s not like we have to 
go and give them by default. So by that logic, the book under moratorium has been at 47%, and 
it will reduce further based on the collections efficiency in the month of July as well. 
We also tried to educate our customers about the moratorium because we did not want this to 
become a moral hazard like a lot of people were apprehensive of that if people are not, if 
customers don’t pay for a prolonged period of time, they may just lose the habit of being 
disciplined. But we did not see that and we have already tried our best to communicate to 
customers, not just through our calls and field visits, but we also prepared a whole set of 
multilingual videos, which we educated our customers about what it means to be in moratorium 
and if they have the money to pay, they should consider paying us. One of the other questions, 
which is probably on your mind is about the other businesses, about housing and the MSE 
business. We had clarified this in our last call that we were probably the only bank which actually 
reached out to all the customers. We spoke to each one of them in the month of April, and we 
asked them if they needed a moratorium. We did not wait for them to come back to us or come 
through a link or go to the website or call our contact center to say that, listen I need a moratorium 
and only wait for people who did that. Because we didn’t want any issues with our bounce rates 
subsequently, where customers assume that they’re under moratorium, we don’t take their 
consent, and they don’t end up servicing their debt obligations. So we had reached out to all our 
customers and as a result of that, we had a large proportion of our MSE and housing customers 
also opting for moratorium, largely to preserve their cash flows, not so much to do with their 
difficulty in income generation. We repeated the same process for the second version of the 
moratorium, and we have been able to bring down that book also substantially. And in the month 
of July, that has improved even much better than what it was in June. So for our housing and 
MSE business, collectively we are in excess of 65%, housing is probably more than 70, 75% 
collection efficiency which would mean that the book under moratorium would have also shrunk 
significantly. And we are happy with this outcome because we are in direct contact with our 
customers and we are trying to assess this based on a very clear request from the customer and 
on the basis of whatever their levels of difficulty in paying us is what they’re going through. 
Now because collections was also a large focus for us. We did two things, one is what we spoke 
about the last time in terms of making other and alternate channels available to our customers 
for repaying. So, as I had mentioned the last time, we had tied up with Airtel Payments Bank 
and we were rolling out the Airtel Payments Bank points as collection points for ourselves. And 
in the month of May, we saw about 16% of our collections coming through the digital means, 
which is largely Paytm and Instamojo and also through the Airtel Payments Bank. Now that 16% 
has dramatically improved to 37% in the month of July. Now what it tells us is that our whole 
hypothesis of also transforming the business, giving alternate options to customers to make the 
payments and using the network of partnerships, and I must add that our partnership with the 
Airtel Payments Bank is coming along very nicely. And we are in very advanced API integration 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
stages now and we have a road map now where we will be strengthening our whole partnership 
with multiple other initiatives also. So now this tells us that it is possible that we don’t have to 
go to the old model of collecting from customers on a center meeting basis or a doorstep basis 
because this question also keeps coming to us that if center meetings are not happening, then 
how are you collecting are you going door-to-door, is it not impacting your efficiency. Yes, it 
will and we had mentioned the last time around that we were calling customers before going and 
meeting them just to be sure that we don’t end up spending too much time in center meetings or 
asking customers to gather together because we also don’t want people to come together in these 
circumstances where social distancing is required. So, it was important for us to give alternate 
ways of making repayments and that has worked very well for us. Today, almost 450 of our 
branches are activated on Airtel Payment Points and we have been able to really scale that up 
with the collective effort of our entire set of ground teams.  
The second thing in the same context is making available other alternate options for customers 
to pay. So we are about to launch a BBPS integrated led platform for our customers to make 
payments. So today, the only options are Paytm and Instamojo. In another two weeks or so, we 
will have Google Pay, PhonePe and several other BBPS, any app which is on BBPS, the 
customer will have the option of making payments. And we have used up this time in educating 
our customers about these options so that it doesn’t take us too long a time to launch it and then 
start educating customers. So we hope that even this will bring about a lot of collections 
efficiency, because fundamentally this frees up a lot of our time at the field. And we do hope 
that as we along the year and things improve, we will be able to use up this freed-up efficiency 
and the freed-up time in some manner compensating for the business that we’ve lost in the first 
quarter. So that is the view that we’ve had. And like I said that we have not had a situation where 
we have had to lay off anybody. So we have enough and more people for the rest of the year. 
And with improved efficiency and freeing up of the bandwidth, it just works out very well for 
us from a planning point of view. 
The second thing is that we also had to strengthen the whole effort on collections. So what we 
did was that because personal loans and vehicle finance for us were early stage businesses, and 
we had to make plans to scale them up, we decided to temporarily assign our field staff in 
personal loans and vehicle finance through collections and these people are largely tele calling. 
So we’ve boosted up our tele calling effort on the collections side. So, today we have more than 
300 people who are tele calling for collections, supporting the field staff and in any case, the 
entire sales team of nearly 7,000 plus people across all businesses are predominantly meeting 
and talking to customers for collections. So the overall effort on collections is, I can safely say 
that it is 10x of the workforce that we had pre-COVID. We had about 600, 650 people in 
collections. We have much in excess of 7,000, almost 8,000 people now who are predominantly 
working on collections. And we hope to retain this till such time that we come to some normal 
levels of overall collections efficiency. 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
In terms of distribution across the country, we saw that North had a better repayment rate 
followed by South, followed by East and then lastly West. It was understandable because Gujarat 
and Maharashtra were the most impacted in the month of June. Now that whole equation has 
shifted to South. So we are preparing ourselves to deal with how Karnataka and Tamil Nadu are 
going to be looking like in this quarter. But, we all must better prepare because we have a lot of 
learning’s from Maharashtra. For example, Maharashtra actually showed the highest traction in 
digital repayments, including some other places like Pondicherry and Delhi and even to some 
extent, Haryana and we believe that we have that same promise even from the South states 
because South states are typically more active on the digital side. So we do believe that our 
digital repayment story can continue on a very strong basis.  
In terms of the distribution across types of geographies, we had mentioned this in our last 
earnings call that we did not see too much of an impact on the rural economy in terms of the first 
version of the lockdown and what we were going through in April and May. But subsequently, 
as the infection spread to the entire country because of people going back to their native villages, 
rural markets were also equally infected, if not more as compared to the urban and the metro. So 
the collection efficiency, while it remains much better than what it is in the urban and the metro 
markets. And for the month of July, if I can point that out to you, in rural, we are at 65% versus 
metro and urban which is at 58.5%. So the gap between metro, urban and rural is now becoming 
a little narrower from what it used to be earlier when rural was not as impacted by the spread of 
COVID at that point in time. 
The second thing is around this, now that we are done with collections and the moratorium, let 
me also spend a little time on our provisions because you would have noticed that while our pre-
provisioning operating profit has grown by 33%, and there is some more to be explained out 
there in terms of which lines have contributed to that and which lines haven’t contributed to that, 
we decided to conduct a full bottoms-up analysis of our portfolio, and this took us nearly three 
weeks to, from our teams and looking at the, going through the data science of our portfolio 
analytics. And then we rolled it up and applied some of our macro level indicators and the things 
that we track out here in the central office. And based on that, we came to a point where we 
thought that it would be prudent to take a conservative stance, and that is the reason why we 
have gone ahead and provided 129 crores additionally. 
So now our total provisions are to the extent of 370 crores on the balance sheet, which is 2.6% 
of the book, which I would think is probably amongst the best in the industry as well. Now this 
does not mean in any manner that we are worried about our book. We had explained this the last 
time also that our portfolio has always been of very good quality. We had also explained that we 
know our customers, and we are dealing with our existing customers largely even for new 
disbursals. But we have decided to take a bit of a conservative stance and we are confident that 
we will be able to deliver to a more optimistic set of outcomes as things improve, at the same 
time, maintaining a bit of a conservative posture. 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
In terms of our new business, disbursals we reported 474 crores of total disbursals in the first 
quarter. May, was the first month where we actually did any business. April was a complete 
washout. So May, we did 100 crores of disbursals. In June, we took it up to 374 crores. So that’s 
how our total of 474. In the month of July, we are a little in excess of 400 crores, about 410 to 
415 and now this is nearly 35% of our pre-COVID levels of disbursals. So while you would 
notice on the investor presentation that disbursals have dropped in the range of 80 to 85% and 
in some businesses by 40, 45%, this is largely in line with what the rest of the industry has also 
reported. We didn’t want to go aggressively out in disbursing to too many customers because 
we wanted to focus predominantly on our existing customers. In any case, the demand was also 
muted. But we are now well prepared, both in terms of technology as well as our workflows, 
which is where we worked on during the last three months. So all our digital workflows are now 
ready to be deployed across all our businesses, including the ability to deliver repeat loans over 
the phone, which again we have been able to scale up and we will continue to scale that up. 
So the alternate ways of doing business are going to be very important for us on the assets side 
and as much on the liabilities side, which I’ll just talk about in half a minute. But, we will 
continue to focus on the existing customers, continue to help them with the top-up and the 
emergency loan products that we have developed in April. And we do believe that on a watchful 
basis, the disbursals should remain in some range. We are not in a position to provide you with 
any guidance on that, but it’s suffice to say that we are striking a good balance between 
collections as well as disbursals. 
Now coming to liabilities, that was one thing which we had put a lot of emphasis and focus from 
the first week of March after the Yes Bank moratorium issue and we made sure that the deposit 
inflows were stable, consistent and were granular at the same time. That has worked out very 
well for us and for that reason alone we have grown our overall deposit book by 39%. And 
CASA, as you noticed, has grown by 90%. Last quarter, we’ve grown by 86%, Q4-over-Q4. So 
that’s been very good for us. Important to highlight that since we had launched our digital 
savings and FD option or the channel, which we talked about the last time, we scaled that up in 
the month of May and June and nearly 17,000 of our accounts that we opened, which I would 
say is almost 60% of the total number of accounts that we opened in Q1, came through the digital 
channel and that is something we are very happy about. And it tells us that the right kind of 
solutions can be made to work even in very difficult circumstances. And we have been focusing 
on making sure that these accounts are funded, they are active, they are transacting. And all of 
these have been done through our relationship calls that our people made through our branches 
and the other business teams. And that’s how we’ve been able to stick to our objectives on 
liabilities and CASA and we are very happy with that. 
As a result of the inflows that continued to come in and the fact that we were also able to raise 
low-cost funds through the DFIs, we continued to see a reduction in the cost of funds, which you 
would have noticed has come down by 21 bps and we also were in a position to reduce our 
deposit rates by nearly 125 bps over the last quarter. We are probably going to continue with the 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
same trajectory for a few more months because we do see that we don’t have any dependence 
on bulk deposits anymore and our bulk deposit rates had also come down significantly. Most of 
the focus is on granular retail level CASA and that is something that’s going to continue. 
Now, I’ve spoken about the digital initiatives already, but just to also highlight a few other 
things, we are very close to now deploying our video KYC solution. We are in advanced stages 
of a few other robotic process automation projects. I’ve also already talked about a few other 
things that we’ve done on the digital acquisition side for all our businesses. So all these things 
were prioritized. And the most important outcome that has come about on the digital side, which 
I believe is a strong differentiator for us, is that we have really worked on the whole API 
economy by working with Fintechs and a lot of these partners, where we believe that we would 
be able to not depend just on our own proprietary distribution or branches, which anyway we 
will take a call whether we need to expand or not, but through these partnerships, we would be 
able to continue to grow our book. And in this quarter, we are expecting at least three, four of 
them to go live from almost 8 or 9 of them that we are discussing and in advanced stages of 
contracting or testing or integration. 
We were also able to generate significant income out of our treasury desk even though Mumbai 
at that point in time was most impacted and we had serious difficulties working from home or 
coming to office. We were able to commence the trading activity sometime in the middle of 
May, but unfortunately in June, one of our traders we have only two traders, also got infected 
with COVID. He has recovered, but we had some little setback in the trading activity, but 
nonetheless, we tried our best and we’ve put out almost 60 lakhs of trading income also in Q1. 
In addition to that, there was another income of about 10 crores that we generated by shifting of 
our portfolio and that was again something we wanted to make use of the opportunity that was 
available. 
Now what I do want to highlight to you is that our full year treasury income for the last year was 
roughly about 4 crores. We have generated 11 crores in the first quarter of this year. And we still 
have a long runway in the rest of the year also from the point of view of treasury income. 
Financial performance, you are already aware of, so I don’t want to spend too much time going 
over the numbers. But the only thing I’d like to highlight is that as a result of our provisions, our 
PCR is now up to 82% which again, I would like to believe is probably the best in the industry, 
along with the 2.6% coverage on the book. 
In terms of our other fundamentals, our capital adequacy remains at 29%, Tier I being 28%. So 
we have absolutely enough and more capital. We have also done a fair amount of scenario testing 
when we were preparing for our whole science behind provisions and we do believe that we will 
not have a problem on the capital side for sure for a very long time. We have enough and more 
capital. Our liquidity coverage ratio went up to 453%, though it’s very good, but it’s also not 
necessarily very healthy to have such high liquidity. But we have taken a conscious call to say 
that we don’t mind excess liquidity in these circumstances. And at the moment, we are happy 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
with 10% of our balance sheet being in liquid assets. And to that extent, we are well prepared to 
start scaling up our businesses as soon as things start to turn. 
Our overall deposits now cover 77% of our advances, the proportion of retail deposits has inched 
up by 1% from 44% to 45%. And the entire credit policy framework has also got revised in the 
meantime. One other thing I would like to highlight to you is that if you’ve noticed in our 
investor presentation, we have shown quite a few new products that are about to be launched. 
And some of them you will notice are also going to take us a notch higher in our overall 
addressable market in terms of the market that we look at. And that is where I’d like to bring 
your attention to, that if you look at that whole slide which is about positioning the bank to the 
un-served and the underserved and the lower income group categories. One for the fact that it is 
a large number of customers, large number of people who we see ourselves serving. So we don’t 
have a problem in terms of the potential. Towards that, like we’ve mentioned the last time they 
cannot remain economically inactive for a long time and that is what we’ve seen the recovery in 
the economic activity and people going back to their livelihood pretty rather quickly. So we 
believe that there is a part of this whole pyramid now taking the shape of a diamond over a period 
of time that can be served very well, also for the fact that there isn’t too much of focus from the 
other banks. 
Now the important thing for us is that, with all the steps that we’ve taken on the digital side, all 
the things that we’ve done to make sure that we are better prepared for future which is really 
what our focus was during the first quarter. We are very, very strongly positioned, strongly 
equipped to deal with this large market, the large un-served market and at the same time, occupy 
a larger market share of this whole proportion as things improve and as we are able to go back 
into the normal ways of doing business with the fact that a lot of normal ways of doing business 
itself would have changed in the meantime with all the efforts that we’ve put in on the digital 
side. 
Now the important thing that I wanted to bring your attention to, with the new products you will 
notice that we are moving a one notch up in the same customer segment that we have classified 
in this pyramid, diamond whatever you look at. And therefore, we would also be looking at 
slightly higher tickets of loans, especially on MSE and on housing. And you also would notice 
that we are looking at piloting gold loans and several other variants of our existing product 
portfolio. So one thing is for sure this year that we will rapidly expand our overall product suite, 
which will cater to a lot of segments. And in any case, with our new credit policy framework, 
we have added quite a few new segments that we would start catering to. So the overall 
expansion will not depend in case any one of you have that question in mind that if we are not 
going to be adding branches, then how are we going to be increasing our distribution. Our 
distribution, our expansion will depend on three things, one is adding of new product categories, 
two, by doing relationship led approach to our existing set of customers through cross selling, et 
cetera, three, through these digital partnerships that I spoke about, where we will have very 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
strong partnerships like the ones we already have with Airtel Payments Bank and with several 
other Fintechs, which will help us expand on a nontraditional basis. 
So in the end, what I’d like to say is that, this time has been used and this time that we’ve gone 
through and what we’re going through, we strongly believe that it can either bring out the best 
or it can bring out the worst. it has brought out the best for Ujjivan. We stand as committed as 
passionate about financial inclusion. We are taking the discussion on financial inclusion to 
digital inclusion now, which you also will notice on the last slide in the investor presentation. 
But more importantly, we stand as committed, as purpose led as ever. We will make sure that 
we cater to the un-served segments in a manner that technology is at the forefront. We do believe 
that technology can play a very significant role in bringing up the upliftment and growth of these 
category of customers, even though we will add new category of customers. And we also think 
that as a corporate citizen, as a socially responsible corporate citizen, we will continue to play 
our part in helping the communities and the other stakeholders that we work with.  
Thank you very much. That’s all that I wanted to touch in my opening remarks. Sorry, if I’ve 
taken too long and let’s straight get into question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Venkat Subramanian from Organic Capital. Please go ahead. 
Venkat Subramanian: 
On the non-rural side, how comfortable are you with the collection efficiency, #A and two what 
is the profile of our borrowers there are they also in, is it all livelihood dependent and what is 
the profile of these customers in non-rural? 
Nitin Chugh: 
So it’s important to understand that rural is not all agri, rural is not all subsistence and, therefore, 
metro and urban cannot be directly compared with rural. So metro has its own set of occupation 
category. So we largely deal with people who run their own businesses. And if you look at our 
entire portfolio between MSE, housing and micro banking, we largely deal with the informal 
segment, we largely deal with the semiformal segment, we deal with people who run their own 
businesses. But they are not the people who would depend on daily earnings. They are not the 
people who are hand to mouth and they depend on daily wages. They could be a small 
proportion. The second is that we always look at a secondary source of income in our 
underwriting policies. So when we were doing this whole occupation led analysis, our credit 
team showed me that drivers are the most impacted and the question I asked them that how come 
our borrowers are drivers because I thought we were lending to women and I don’t see so many 
women drivers in the cities. So then I was also explained that we look at the secondary source 
of income and that could be the spouse or any other member in the family.  
So from a profile point of view, most of our customers are in their own businesses. Nearly 50% 
or more of them are in what we now call as essential services of groceries, dairy or those kind 
of things. The profiles, which have got impacted rather a little more than the others are people 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
who are associated with, let’s say, the restaurant business, people who worked as waiters, for 
example. And I’m talking about microfinance. Or people who are let’s say, housemaids, they 
are the people who are affected. Or people who are into the business of tailoring, which is a 
significant proportion of our portfolio, nearly 12% of our portfolio. So those are the types which 
have got impacted. But in general, we don’t see a difference between the metro and the urban, 
metro, urban and the rural anymore. Yes, rural is more dependent on allied agri, it’s not direct 
agri. They were lesser impacted, but now that the infection has also gone to the rural areas, that’s 
the reason I explained that the gap between the collections efficiency is now narrowing between 
the metro and the rural areas. 
Venkat Subramanian: 
That said, how would you view collection efficiency, meaning if it’s still short of 60 or there 
about and one also notices that between July over June is not all that significant in terms of 
efficiency. What would be your comfort level here? 
Nitin Chugh: 
See, we are comfortable, if you ask me whether we are happy. We could be a little more happier 
if it was better. I’m sure all of you would be happier if it was better. But at the moment, we are 
comfortable because we are in contact with our customers. That’s most important. So we are not 
seeing this as a pattern, seeing where customers are willingly opting for moratorium irrespective 
whether they can pay or not pay. People are opting for moratoriums only where they either want 
to preserve cash, their cash flows or they have genuine difficulties, which again we are assessing 
through our field visits. So we are not unhappy about it, but we are also comfortable at the same 
time because we do have a clear sense of how things are improving and what customers are 
likely to, how customers are likely to behave in August and in September. So we only see things 
improving from here. 
Venkat Subramanian: 
Okay. The other aspect that we didn’t touch upon, which is pretty positive is the drop in cost to 
income. How much of it is sustainable and how much of it will you need to see as business 
improves or when situation improves? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. My team also just told me that I forgot to cover that. But I agree, that was one of the very 
strong outcomes that we were able to deliver. Now if you look at, there are parts of the whole 
expense line that we have which is in terms of, there are largely three parts as a bank. There are 
three things that we deal with. The first one is the finance cost, the interest outflow that we would 
have on our deposits or other obligations. Now we don’t see that getting very impacted in any 
case, since the cost of funds is coming down for us, the cost of deposits is coming down for us. 
Incrementally, it will not be as burdensome as what it used to be earlier when we had migrated 
from an MFI to a bank and we had lots of grandfathered high-cost loans. We are, in fact also 
trying to see if we can repay some of our high-cost borrowings since we have so much of excess 
liquidity, so that’s the first one. So the cost of funds is likely to continue coming down.  
The second set of expenses are people cost or personnel cost. So, like I said that we are not the 
kind of people who believe in reducing our workforce just because circumstances are hard. We 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
want to stand by each one of our +17,000 employees. I don’t see a reason why the salary cost is 
likely to come down. And that’s the reason we’ve reported exactly same to same numbers, 184 
crores to 184 crores quarter-on-quarter.  
Now that leaves us with the third line, which is the operating expenses, which is where we have 
worked the hardest to try and look at line by line and try and see how much of that can be altered 
on a permanent basis, how much of that can be deferred, how much of that is because of the fact 
that there was lesser business activity. So for example, let’s say you look at the travel and some 
of the administrative expenses, which are directly linked to the volume of business, or some of 
them will obviously come back. And some of these other expenses will probably, would have 
got shaved off on a permanent basis. But, it’s reasonable to say because we had said during our 
initial conversation especially at the time that we were listing, at that point in time if you 
remember we were at 76% cost to revenue as of March ‘19. We had said that we will bring it 
down to 70% by March ‘20, and then every year, we will keep improving by 5%. So by that 
logic and by that original plan, we were expected to be at 55% only by March of ’23. Now we 
improved in the last quarter also. Our last quarter cost to revenue was 65%, 64.5%. This quarter, 
we’ve been able to bring it down to 56%. Now even if it stays at this level or goes up slightly, 
we are still well within the overall range that we have planned for over a three year period. So 
we are not excessively worried about that, but I can tell you that a lot of steps that we’ve taken, 
especially on the digital side and that is why I’m emphasizing again and again on digital because 
these are fundamentally going to alter the way that we are doing business and bring out a lot 
more cost efficiencies for us. So we do believe that there is a range which is sustainable. I don’t 
want to commit to any number right now, but yes it is reasonable to expect that some of these 
expenses, which are linked to the growth of business and the nature of business will obviously 
come back. But some of them will also remain permanently reduced.  
And. I would like to draw your attention to slide #31, where we’ve shown our operating expenses 
as a percentage to our average assets. So the 5.8% that you see here for Q1, 5% of that is actually 
fixed. And these fixed are obligations, which are either salaries or rentals or whatever else. We 
have been able to also renegotiate our rentals and one of the benefits that we got in the first 
quarter was a lot of the rent equalization entries that we could look at. But even if I remove that 
even if, let’s say, we hadn’t done any rent renegotiations, our cost to revenue would have been 
at 59.6% instead of the 55.9 that is reported. So we are still well within that range. And we are 
trying everything possible because now this is a very important set of objective for us to keep a 
very sharp eye on our expenses and we had started this, by the way from January itself. It’s not 
like we were waiting for all this to happen. And that’s the reason we improved in Q4 also. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishant Shah from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Shah: 
So Nitin, just one simple question. How long or how many months do you expect it to take to 
get back to say a 95, 99 kind of percentage collection efficiency. You’ve highlighted 
qualitatively that probably the most affected kind of people or kind of job roles are not the ones 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
that you are most exposed to, despite that we probably are at 56% kind of collection efficiency. 
So realistically, how long do you think it will take to get to that 95, 99% kind of range? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Nishant, it’s hard to project that right now. We are seriously waiting for the whole moratorium 
to get over. And let me also add that we are firmly on the side of the divide, which believes that 
moratorium should not be extended because that will help us in getting a clearer picture of how 
and when things will come to a stable level, some stable levels of ratios. So it’s hard to say when 
it will go back to 95%, 99%. I can tell you that the new disbursals that we did in the month of 
May and in the month of June, they are at 99% collections efficiency. Now that tells you, since 
we are doing it to the existing customers, these are existing customers who have either repaid us 
in the past or are continuing to pay us even now. Now that tells us that there is no problem in 
terms of the behavior or the moral hazard. Just for the fact that people are aware of the 
moratorium and it is going to continue till 31st of August, we should wait till that time, wait till 
at least the end of this quarter. And by that time, much clearer picture will also emerge and that 
is when we should be in a position to talk a little more confidently about this. 
But the thing that we are sure about is that things are improving. And that is what we are seeing 
on our daily collections and our daily interactions with customers, irrespective that the infection 
spread is also far more than what it was in April and May. We have all learned to live with that 
or we are continuing to learn to live with that. So, we should probably revisit this Nishant in 
September. 
Nishant Shah: 
Fair point. And just one more question. Like some of the credit bureau data it’s just like a big 
spike in 30 day over dues in Tamil Nadu, even in the month of March. So since you have a large 
presence over there, would you have any comments do you think that it’s like some data 
reporting issue or is the situation on the ground in Tamil Nadu far worse than what these people 
tell? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, I think it’s a data issue. We are also clarifying, and Sneh has more information on that, she 
can probably tell you. 
Sneh Thakur: 
We’ve raised this issue with the bureau, and we are awaiting a confirmation from their side, but 
we believe it’s just a reporting issue. 
Nitin Chugh: 
We cannot go from 1 to 10 in just a matter a quarter because things on the ground are not 
different. Our collections efficiency in Tamil Nadu has been in the same range. 
Sneh Thakur: 
And it’s all lying in the 1 to 30 day bucket, so it has to be a data submission issue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
Amish Kanani: 
So, two questions from my side. One is, I have noted mobile customer as a number was 5.3 lakh 
and our asset-only customer is about 6.7 lakh. The question was, sir are we saying that 80% of 
our customer is with us on mobile banking or that mobile-only customer is of liability side. So 
just to understand how much is digital from the asset side. And when we are saying we are in 
touch, are we saying also that people who is on our mobile banking platform we are in touch or 
we have actually physically talked to them. Just if you can give some color there? 
Nitin Chugh: 
When we say we are in touch, it does not include the digital channels because those are self-
served channels. So any customer who uses our mobile app or internet banking, we don’t count 
it as being in touch. You can probably call that as been engaged, but certainly not being in touch 
because there is no way of collective feedback from there. As far as the mobile banking 
customers are concerned, the active number of customers, 531,000 for the quarter, these 
predominantly are nonmicro-banking customers, predominantly are liability side, the retail side 
of the customers. And that base, as you know is just about 7.5 lakh or so. So, it’s a very good 
proportion from that point of view and we didn’t want to talk too much about our mobile banking 
app in the investor deck, but it is important to highlight to you that our app is rated at 4.4 on the 
Play Store, which is just behind Axis at 4.7. So it’s amongst the top rated apps also in the Play 
Store, and very, very actively used. And we always get very good feedback about our mobile 
app. 
Amish Kanani: 
Okay. And sir, one more question that we have clearly seen on the deposits side franchise in the 
quarter where lots of banks have been questioned, it’s heartening to know that our retail deposit 
customer franchise has grown. If you can give us some color of how we have grown. And sir, 
there are some banks which are saying that the same asset-only customers, they are choosing the 
liquidity. So they are in fact keeping the money in the same bank, in the bank account with 
themselves. So do we have some number how much of such things if at all are happening with 
us and is it a good sign of a cushion for us? 
Nitin Chugh: 
See, we have been encouraging our assets customers, largely our micro-banking customers, to 
operate their bank account, keep their savings in the bank account. And if you remember, at 
some point in time, we had said that the average balances in the micro-banking set of savings 
bank accounts was nearly 1,500 to 1,600. Now we have seen people dipping into their savings, 
during this time. Which also shows to some extent that if they have difficulties then it is logical 
that people will dip into their savings. Or average balances on the micro-banking side have come 
down to a little under Rs.1,000 from the 1,600, 1,500 that there used to be.  
But on the other side, what we have done on the overall new acquisition of the liabilities 
portfolio, as much as our existing portfolio of liabilities, we’ve set out a whole set of calling 
mechanism from April onwards. We got in touch with all the customers. I mentioned this the 
last time also that we had prioritized our senior citizen customers during April largely to find 
out about their wellbeing and staying in touch with them. But those kind of relationship-led 
efforts have really helped us in getting references from our customers and that’s how we were 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
able to source these customers digitally. We are focused on making sure that these accounts are 
funded. So our average balances for newly acquired customers is continuing to grow. And we 
believe that the effort that we’re putting in also making customers use our mobile banking app 
or UPI payments or bill payments is also going to help us in generating better balances and better 
traction in the savings bank account. So, our liability side of the story is well in place. The whole 
strategy is also well in place and the overall indicators, all the important metrics, they’re all 
looking upwards. 
Amish Kanani: 
And sir, one last question on the capital raising side. We know we have quite, very well 
capitalized. So if you can share some thoughts on whether, how long we are away from the 
capital raise, thanks. 
Nitin Chugh: 
You answered your own question yourself. We are adequately capitalized, we don’t need to raise 
capital. So, I don’t think we need to raise capital but yes, let’s take stock at the end of the year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Subramanian from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikram Subramanian: 
In one of your previous answers, you had mentioned about the driver category being the 
secondary income earners. Is it possible to share the composition of customer base which is 
dependent on drivers, dependent on restaurant incomes and so on? 
Nitin Chugh: 
We can, but we can do that off line. We didn’t want to put out everything also on the investor 
deck, but if you want to know, I can give you the top few indicators. It’s not the secondary source 
of income, but by the occupation of the customer or the dominant occupation, if that makes 
sense. So nearly 21% of our portfolio is into some kind of business of manufacturing. 
Manufacturing would mean small, small things, small scale kind of making things. 20% of our 
portfolio is with agriculture, another 16% is in dairy and 16% is in essential services, largely 
groceries. So when you combine agri, essential services, dairy this is well in excess of just about 
50%. And some of the small scale manufacturing also comes in the category of things which are 
mostly used more than the others. But the impacted ones, since you asked that question, let’s 
say, the people who are employed with hotels or eateries or run their own eateries, that is just 
about 6% of our portfolio. People who are dependent as on transportation as a line of business, 
drivers or people who are dependent on drivers, that is actually only 1% of our portfolio. But 
what I meant to say was, that these are the people who were most impacted, doesn’t mean that 
these are the most number of people in our portfolio. It is a very small proportion, but the impact 
that they are seeing in the section of income has been the most. Likewise, if you look at our 
customers who are maids or helpers or substaff, they are just about 3% of the portfolio, but they 
are again impacted amongst the highest. 
Vikram Subramanian: 
Okay, got it. Just one more, one or two another point that was already raised. I’m just thinking 
of proposing the question in a different way. So, it’s obvious that none of us can guess when the 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
normalcy will return and based on that you had said it will be difficult till at least moratorium 
gets over as to when collection efficiencies will normalize. But do we have something like a 
timeline as to till when we will go at it from a collection efforts perspective, beyond which we 
might write off whatever is left over as over dues and then in the future, after write-offs, if we 
are able to collect them again, then that’s definitely beneficial. But is there any timeline for 
writing off the remaining overdue customers similar to probably something like biting the bullet 
after demon. Of course, I understand demon was more a flash in the pan, and there were also 
some political hindrances. So is that something like that, some thought process done on that? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No. That’s why I clarified to the earlier question also, that we are in no position to forecast. We 
are in no position to say that how much of the book will be written off, no position to say that 
what percentage of the book will get into NPAs. The only thing we know of is that we have the 
money to provide for. We’ve done our own analytical modeling. We’ve done a whole round of 
efforts. We have also overlaid this with our own judgmental calls and taken a conservative view 
and therefore, provided for what we have provided for which we believe is sufficient in the 
current circumstances. And as things change and as things evolve, we will keep looking at this 
and keep taking calls on whether we need to provide for more or whatever it is. But it’s too hard 
and too early to say right now as to where it is going to go. We should all give it the time that it 
needs for things to stabilize and more clearer patterns to start emerging. But what I do want to 
assure you and everybody else on the call, and I did this the last time around also, that we are 
not, we are just making sure that we are as prepared as we can, much better prepared than what 
we should be to be able to react to a situation the way it unfolds. If things get better from here, 
very good. If things get worse from here, we will take those calls at the necessary point in time, 
and that is why I’ve highlighted some of these strong fundamentals that we have, which should, 
hopefully give us the comfort that we will have the adequate buffer in case we need to dip into 
anywhere. But too early, Vikram we should wait for this for some more time. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Kejriwal from Kejriwal. Please go ahead. 
Arun Kejriwal:  
You have explained what has happened in the quarter and given us a very good idea of ground 
reality. Could you take us through what could be the scenario unfolding under the various rapidly 
changing movements with the pandemic in, let’s say, the next one to three quarters and how the 
bank would be gearing up for this situation? 
Nitin Chugh: 
So Arun, what I can say right now is that the scenario in terms of the economic activity seems 
to be improving substantially. That is what we are seeing, we are seeing all the high frequency 
indicators are looking a lot better. There was a report that in some of these high frequency 
indicators, the July numbers are slightly lower as compared to those that were reported in June. 
But in general, if you look at just all the high frequency indicators, which I’m sure a lot of you 
also look at, they’re all looking upwards. So from a macro point of view, we are comforted the 
things are starting to look better and they are improving. And the clear indicators are in terms of 
the usual things like electricity consumption and fuel consumption and toll gate collections, et 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
cetera. But nonetheless, the other ratios and the other high frequency data points are also looking 
like they’re improving. Now considering that, the only thing which is unknown is that how 
individual states and individual local authorities are going to be reacting because now that has 
been left to the local administration to take calls, and I don’t think we are going to have a national 
level policy in dealing with lockdowns and unlocking, even though the guidelines are going to 
continue coming from the Ministry of Home. But everybody is taking their own calls in terms 
of how they perceive the situation on the ground and their preparedness in terms of the health 
care infrastructure.  
Now in that context, we are seeing that Tamil Nadu has announced a lockdown till 31st of 
August. We are seeing that West Bengal is saying two days of a week, we will have lockdown. 
We have seen that flights are being either allowed or disallowed depending on how the whole 
situation is evolving in various parts of the country. Now those are the unknowns and like, in 
Bangalore itself we went through a lockdown for nearly a week in July, which was not expected 
at that point in time, but yet it did come and thankfully it came with two days notice, so there 
was some preparation that people could do. Now in these circumstances, there will be some 
going forward and a bit of coming backward, which will continue to happen till we come up to 
a level where things are more stable and moving upwards. Now in this context, if I have to talk 
about Ujjivan, all the stuff that we’ve done, starting with our positioning, our positioning to 
whole the unserved, underserved and the lower income group, that whole our commitment to 
that segment is stronger than ever because we do believe that these are not just going to be 
impacted, but these are also the people who will have the largest demand for banking services 
and especially credit as things open up. So we are well prepared for that.  
The second thing is that we have remodeled ourselves. We have transformed ourselves, not just 
the fact that we have reduced our operating cost and made ourselves more efficient. Most of the 
things will stay, like, somebody else asked a little while back. But at the same time, all the work 
that we’ve done on the digital side has fundamentally helped us to transform the way that we 
run our businesses and that is going to help us and manage the upward wave when it starts to 
grab a larger share of that and also stay ahead of the curve as far as business is concerned. 
So that gives us the confidence that as things change and the first two things that I talked about 
are really not in our control. As things change, both on the health care side as well as the local 
administration led calls and things improve, keeping in mind the fact that we need to still keep 
our branches safe, our employees safe, all those things we will take care of, but all the work that 
we have done will be far ahead of ourselves itself what we have been in the past and much better 
than a lot of other people for all the work that we have put out, especially on the digital and the 
technology side and the changes that we’ve brought about in our own efficiency model. So, we 
are very, very optimistic and confident also and more than optimistic, we are extremely confident 
that depending on whichever way the situation goes, we will be able to ride the wave. 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Madhu Gupta from Quantum Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhu Gupta: 
I just have two questions. The first is, how many of our MSE customers are eligible for the 
government 100% guarantee scheme for MSME customer and the second question would be out 
of the loans disbursed, what percentage are fresh loans and what is capitalization of interest on 
account of loan moratorium? 
Nitin Chugh: 
So the MSE portfolio, roughly about 20% of our portfolio is eligible for the CGT-MSE scheme. 
But we are still in the stage of finalizing the whole product program and the empanelment 
process. And we have plans to roll that out sometime in end of August. That’s the first thing. 
Sorry, what was the second question you asked? 
Madhu Gupta: 
The second is what percentage of the loans which you are disbursing are fresh loans and what 
percentage is capitalization of interest due to loan moratorium? 
Sneh Thakur: 
So number of fresh loans are in the range of 5% and interest capitalization is in the range of 450 
to 500 crores. 
Madhu Gupta: 
So basically, you’re saying 5% is the fresh loans and the remaining 95% would be the interest 
capitalized on account of loan moratorium? 
Sneh Thakur: 
No. I’m answering two separate questions. As far as loans are concerned, 95% of loans disbursed 
are to repeat customers and 5% of fresh. Moving on to the next question, which was on the 
interest capitalization portion, we have roughly about 450 to 500 crores. 
Madhu Gupta: 
Of interest capitalization? 
Sneh Thakur: 
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
I just had, if we look at our provision from Q4, that has essentially we have doubled our 
provision, and we have gone reasonably higher compared to industry. Would you say this is our 
benchmark in terms of provision is higher than the industry because you see a slightly more at-
risk portfolio or you’re providing it earlier and cleaning the books far more earlier than everyone 
else. Would that be a correct assessment? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Let me just answer that before we go to the second one. See, there is nothing to read in between 
the lines here. I explained this very clearly that we have done our modeling and if you look at 
our portfolio in the past, our portfolio has always held up to very good quality, there is no reason 
why it should suddenly become bad and should worry us and therefore, we should go out and 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
provide for more. So that is not the reason. We are very confident of our portfolio, we are 
extremely what should I say, we have a strong relationship with our customers, which gives us 
the confidence to say that things will be in control as things improve. But at the same time, it 
was important from our point of view to take a conservative stand. This only reflects our 
conservative posturing rather than anything else to do with the portfolio. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral Desai from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Desai: 
Sir, my question is regarding the new products that you spoke about. So what kind of yields do 
we expect and specifically for the gold loans part, how do you think the penetration difficulty 
would be for you all? 
Nitin Chugh: 
These are matters of detailing, but in general, I can tell you without getting into specifics of gold 
loans or this loan or that loan, in general because our cost of funds is coming down, we have the, 
we are in a position to offer products at a lower yield, cater to slightly one notch higher in our 
overall market segmentation. And that is the view that we have taken in addition to the gaps that 
we might have in our overall product portfolio. Now, example of that is also, let’s say the MMCV 
and used cars. Now all of us know that used cars, demand for used cars is going to be higher 
than new cars at least for some more time. We want to cater to that market. In our normal course 
of business, we would have probably introduced the used car loans, let’s say in the end of Q4 or 
MMCV probably next year. But we have tried to bring that forward because we believe that is 
the segment to cater to right now. So it is better to go with how much of the existing market can 
we penetrate. We are, first of all taking a view that we need to serve our existing customers. Our 
customers have demand for these loans and products, which is how we had piloted and set up 
the vehicle finance business, that it was meant for the family members of our existing micro-
banking customers. We are taking that further to our branch banking customers, our retail 
customers and the customers on the housing and the MSE side because we have demand from 
these customers as well. So we just want to cater to our existing set of customers and strengthen 
our relationships with them through all possible product categories. And as much as whatever 
they will keep asking us for, we will keep introducing those categories. And it will also be 
incidental that we will also go out and occupy market share of new to bank customers at an 
appropriate time, when we are willing to go and start acquiring new to bank customers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
Question for Sneh on the microfinance part of the business. I wanted to understand what kind of 
data points high-frequency data points that you’re able to observe on the ground, which will give 
you some indication or confidence to restart lending towards the second half of the year. And a 
related question on the small business part of the, small business loan part of the business on 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
MSME. What kind of revenue levels do you see them operating at currently and how they are 
different from the traditional microfinance customer? Thank you. 
Sneh Thakur: 
I’ll take the first question on the micro-banking side. So there are a couple of key factors, which 
will be important for things to get back to some level of normalcy. One will be the moving out 
of this whole moratorium period, which ends in August. And that should also follow through 
with the lifting of lockdowns in majority of our large locations where we have presence. And 
our ability to typically reach out to most of our customers will be a very important factor for 
performance to also significantly improve and the most important from the customers point of 
view will be their ability to restart their livelihoods and activities with the opening up of economy 
across most urban, semiurban and metro locations. These factors will be critical for the 
performance of our collection efficiency over the next few months and quarters. 
Rajat Singh: 
Just to add on the disbursement side, we are looking at customers with a very good track record, 
all the repeat customers which we have and lending to those customers who are involved either 
in agri or essential services. So we are testing the water initially. For the last two months, we 
have given loans to customers whom we are 100% confident of. We have also continued to 
observe all the rules like three lenders, overall exposure limit. And to ensure that their income 
is in line with the loan which they are taking, we have also introduced additional checks and 
balances in terms of doing tele verification, et cetera in microfinance client base as well. Basis 
this, we are taking our call and we have started small. In May, we had disbursed very small 
amount, then we have increased it in June, and July further, we have taken it up higher. So we 
are taking step one at a time and also observing the portfolio quality of these loans very, very 
closely. As Nitin mentioned in his remarks, these loans are as of now have very good track record 
and almost at 99% of the payment. 
Abhijeet: 
Just one clarification, if I may. The disbursements that have happened in the month of June and 
July to existing microfinance customers, fair to assume that those would be part of moratorium 
or not really? 
Sneh Thakur: 
No. They are regular in terms of their repayments and hence eligible for repeat loans. 
Rajat Singh: 
So any customer who has taken loan in the last three months, they will not be considered part of 
moratorium because they are aware of the situation and still they have requested for loans. So, 
that’s the discussion we have with those clients, they won’t be part of the moratorium as they 
have taken this loan after considering the current situation and we have also assessed them well. 
Nitin Chugh: 
And in any case, 99% of collections efficiency as usually is coming around. 
Rajat Singh: 
Yes. 
Sneh Thakur: 
And their existing loans were closed before the new loans were disbursed. 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
Nitin Chugh: 
Probably the question that you’re trying to ask is that if we are giving repeat loans to people to 
service their existing loans, that is not something that we do, and we will never do that. So these 
are all to the standard customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Just a couple from my end. Firstly, I wanted to understand on the collection efficiency. We 
reported about 54% in June and 59% in July. Just wanted to understand, simply speaking, so is 
it fair to assume that the customers that paid up in June also paid up in July? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. We can’t say it’s one-to-one match for those customers, but customers who would have 
paid us in the month of June would have opted out of the moratorium. And it is safe to assume 
that they would have paid us in July, but that reconciliation will happen between today, 
tomorrow, for those who have requested us. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Got it, that’s helpful. Secondly, I just wanted to understand what would be the reason for 
maintaining a higher level of borrowings. So congratulations to us for actually improving our 
trajectory of deposits. But why are we maintaining such high level of borrowing because I’m 
sure you would understand that actually has a negative carry, so? 
Nitin Chugh: 
You mean liquidity or borrowing? 
Gaurav Jani: 
Yes. So my point is, despite of we having sufficient deposits, we still have a high level of 
borrowings. Even on a Q-o-Q basis, we saw some accretion in borrowings. So that is what I? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Some of that was, I can say it was too tempting to let go off at the cost at which it was coming. 
So we did pick up 600 crores from NHB, we did pick up 500 crores from SIDBI at a low cost 
because it was available because we wanted to also change the whole mix in our funding to keep 
reducing the overall cost for ourselves. Now that the deposit inflows is also has been rather very 
healthy, we obviously as I said that in my opening remarks also that we are also trying to pay 
back, repay some of the high cost borrowings that we’ve had for in the past. So this rebalancing 
of the funding mix will continue to happen till we reach a more acceptable level of cost of funds 
for ourselves, which will get reflected in our cost of deposits. It will also show up in the way 
that we manage some of the old borrowings that we have by replacing them either with deposits 
or with any other kind of low-cost funds. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. In the interest of time, we’ll be taking last three questions. The next question is from 
the line of Jai Mundhra from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
I have just one question and that is a bit of a clarification on your accounting policy. So let’s 
say, a person who has Rs.100 outstanding assuming he is under moratorium and he’s getting 
charged 20% interest, so he’s having Rs.20 of interest payment. In this quarter, let us say, his 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
due is Rs.5. Now because he has taken moratorium, his tenure has also been shifted by three 
months. In this case, what is the interest that is being accrued in 1Q. Is it Rs.5 or much lesser 
than that because his tenure has been shifted? Thank you. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Upma is going to answer that for you. 
Upma Goel: 
So the interest accrual will be of Rs.5 because that gets added to the capital. And then on the 
revised amount, amortization schedule is being brought down. So the amount will be 5 on the 
interest side, accrual. 
Jai Mundhra: 
It will not be the interest on interest. It is the plain interest that will be accrued. 
Upma Goel: 
Yes, it’s a plain interest, simple interest not interest on interest, but this accrued interest will get 
added to the OSP, that’s principal outstanding. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Picha from Multi-Act. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Picha: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, if we look at some of your peers, the larger banking peers and 
look at their collection efficiencies, they have much higher collection efficiencies than what you 
have reported. So is the difference because of the geographical presence that you have or it is 
because of the occupations that typically your clients would be engaged in. Can you throw some 
light on that? 
Nitin Chugh: 
We can throw a lot of light on that, but we can throw light on what we have done more than 
what others have done. And see, that is the reason we’ve put this out on a very transparent basis 
as to what we are calling as collections efficiency. We saw during the quarter and even now 
everyone has a different way of reporting, everyone has a different way for interpreting. And 
therefore, there is no one consistent definition, which is coming out in terms of collections 
efficiency or even moratorium in that point of view. So, I don’t want to be commenting on 
anybody else, whether they have reported lower or why have they reported lower. But all I can 
tell you is three things. Number one, our portfolio has always been of very good quality, largely 
because of our underwriting standards, the policies that we followed and very careful customer 
selection. So they cannot be a reason that suddenly this portfolio starts to look dangerous or 
difficult that is one.  
Two, we have looked at making sure that customers who need to be given moratorium because 
they’re asking for it we should not be denying them. So we have been more than generous in 
offering moratorium to our customers if they have asked for it rather than nickel-and-dime with 
them saying why do you need and why should you not continue to pay. And that also goes in the 
context of highlighting that we will never be aggressive with collections with our customers 
because we do want to stand by them. We’ve always done that in the past also. 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
And number three, this whole concept of collections efficiency, we have adequately explained 
in our investor presentation also as to what it means, whether it means that we have collected 
and we have very transparently said that for the month of June, the demand for the month of 
June against that what have we collected is really what we are reporting as our collections 
efficiency and the efficiency has to get tracked on a duration basis. You can’t track efficiency 
on a long-term basis because it’s on an everyday basis. But yet, everybody has a different 
definition somebody will report it weekly, somebody will report it daily, somebody will report 
it for a longer period of time. But we don’t have any worries on the portfolio. But at the same 
time, like I said we want to be conservative and that’s the only reason why we’ve taken 
provisions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the last question from the line of Hemant Patel from Alder Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Hemant Patel: 
I have a particular question on one of your slides where you mentioned that the digital collections 
are at 37% as of July ended. And just wanted to understand how do you see this trending over, 
let’s say a year or two years down the line. Can you see it come around to a 90% level when 
things normalize and what is the implication of that on the workforce in terms of the number of 
employees that you have while I completely understand and I agree with what you have done in 
terms of retaining staff at this particular moment, but will that evolve into a lower staffing at an 
eventual point of time when you are collecting more on a digital basis and would that also have 
an implication on the cost to income ratio? 
Nitin Chugh: 
So the first thing is that we had estimated that we will get to 40% by the end of the year. We’re 
already at 37%, so that tells us that we can be much more than this. Whether it’s going to be 90 
or lesser than that, I have no idea. We’ll have to go and wait and see because it also requires 
acceptance from a customer’s point of view which we are seeing very encouraging feedback 
coming back from customers. Now this is going to release bandwidth for our people, which 
means that our people can use that time more efficiently and effectively, not just this but even 
our effort on trying to do repeat loans over the phone will not require people to go out on the 
field, which effectively means that we can do one of the two things. One is that we can operate 
with lesser people or the second thing is that we can operate with the same number of people, 
and we’re looking at a much higher proportion of generation of top line as things improve. We 
would choose the second. We would like to believe that we can improve our efficiencies and 
productivity significantly. And that will more than compensate for all the time that we have lost 
during this time. And, there is no problem with the market there is enough and more of the 
market which is available. We are also coming up with a fairly clearer plan on how we can 
reskill, upskill and redeploy people into other businesses if we have to do that, and that will also 
be something that we will continue doing during this financial year. So all in all, it is safe to 
assume that wherever we find a chance to improve our efficiency, we will use that up to 
compensate in productivity. 

 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
August 01, 2020 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Hemant Patel: 
Just one more question on the same aspect. For the consumers who are actually, borrowers who 
are actually repaying digitally, would you have an assessment as to how many of these are 
actually making payments through, let’s say a feature phone versus a smartphone and how is 
that evolving? 
Nitin Chugh: 
See, these apps are available on smartphones. 
Hemant Patel: 
Sorry? 
Nitin Chugh: 
The apps that we have where customers can repay digitally, which is Paytm and Instamojo, they 
are smartphone interfaces, right. So we haven’t got into details of feature phone and 
smartphones, but it’s also important to know, since you asked that question, that it’s more than 
35% of our borrowers, even in microfinance have a smartphone which is no different from what 
we see in the urban and the metro regions from an overall penetration point of view. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin for closing comments. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Well, thank you very much for joining us on a Saturday morning. I really appreciate all your 
questions and all the insightful questions that you’ve asked us. It will also help us in thinking 
through some of our own strategies. And I just want to end by thanking all of you. Stay safe, 
look after yourself and your family. Thank you very much. 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Thanks, Nitin. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to host the call and congratulations to your 
team for the last quarter, and all the best for the upcoming quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Thank you, Abhishek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
