 
 
Date August 25, 2020  
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services –CRD 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd P.J.Towers,  
Dalal Street MUMBAI – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 509675/HIL; Through Listing Centre 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
5 th Floor, Exchange Plaza Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: HIL: Through NEAPS 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub: Q1 FY21 Earnings Conference Call Transcript held on August 10, 2020.  
Ref:  Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(Listing Regulations).  
 
In continuation to our letter dated August 3, 2020, Please find attached the Q1 FY21 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript held on August 10, 2020.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46, the aforesaid intimation and Transcript is also available in the Company’s 
website i.e., https://hil.in/investor-relations/2020-finance-result/ 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
 
Thanks & Regards  
 
 
 
Ashish Malhotra  
Head of Legal &  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As above.  
ASHISH 
MALHOT
RA
Digitally signed 
by ASHISH 
MALHOTRA 
Date: 2020.08.25 
10:55:00 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
`
 
 
HIL Limited 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 10, 2020 
 
 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar Good Morning Ladies and Gentlemen and Welcome to HIL Limited Q1FY21 Results 
Conference Call for investors and analysts. Today, we have with us Mr. Dhirup Roy 
Choudhary, Managing Director and CEO of the Company; Mr. KR Veerappan, CFO; 
Mr. G Manikandan, Company Secretary and Financial Controller; and Mr. Ajay 
Kapadia, Head, M&A and Investor Relations. We will first have Mr. Dhirup Roy 
Choudhary making the opening comments and he would be followed by Mr. 
Veerappan who would take you through the financial perspective. Before we begin, 
I would like to highlight that some of the statements made on today’s call could be 
forward-looking in nature and details in this regard are available in the earnings 
presentation which has been shared with you. I would now like to invite Mr. Dhirup 
to present his views on the performance and the strategic imperatives that lie ahead. 
Over to you, Dhirup. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you, Bikram. Thank you Siddharth. Good Morning Ladies and Gentlemen and 
a warm welcome to everyone to our Q1FY21 earnings conference call. I thank you 
all for taking out this time to join us on this call. 
Q1FY21 continued to see the world gripped by the COVID-19 pandemic. The 
lockdown is being lifted in a phased manner in different parts of the country. The red, 
amber and green COVID locations are changing from time to time which puts in 
added responsibility on the management to monitor this on a daily basis and ensure 
business continuity and safety. This pandemic is far from over and the coming couple 
of quarters will be even more challenging. 
In Q1 the management team stood behind me and the organization in converting the 
crisis into an opportunity by showing huge tenacity and passion. We have focused 
on rebuilding the momentum of our business and have been fairly successful in that 
respect.  
However, Construction activity, to a large extent, is still on hold, thereby adversely 
affecting the real estate sector. Unavailability of labor is also an issue that has been 
persistent since last quarter, putting pressure on manufacturing and logistics 
activities. Our goal at the moment is to adapt to the situation and make the best of it. 
We have been working tirelessly to overcome the bottlenecks that have resulted from 
this pandemic. Our robust infrastructure, the implementation of our smart digital 
systems and processes fueled by undaunted commitment of employees have 
enabled our recovery. Our teams have been working on ways to optimize sales in a 
constrained economy on one hand, while on the other, providing materials on time. 
Our organization has been streamlining costs structure so that we are on track to 
achieve our long-term goals. As an organization, we have been highly adaptive, agile 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
and innovative in our bid to overcome this mammoth challenge, while maintaining 
our margins and ensuring the health and safety of our people. 
As a result of these, your company has posted a 34% y-o-y growth in consolidated 
net profit to Rs.50 crore against Rs.38 crore last year despite 7% de-growth in 
consolidated revenue to Rs.699 crore as against Rs.751 crore last year. The 
consolidated EBITDA stood at Rs.107 crore as against Rs.96 crore last year, a y-o-
y growth of 12%.  
Our AC Sheets manufacturing units have worked at far better utilization levels to 
meet the demand for roofing products. All in all, despite missing out an almost an 
entire month of production, we have had an encouraging performance in the roofing 
solutions segment this quarter thanks to the innovativeness of our teams that have 
successfully matched demand spread out in small pockets of unlocked zones across 
key markets with materials through a complex logistics operation. Rural demand had 
been very good for these products and we have utilized this opportunity efficiently 
and to the fullest. While the growth of profitability may seem to be low in Q1 this year 
as Q1 FY20 was also a good quarter for us, one must evaluate that we have still 
delivered 28% PBT in roofing in Q1: the highest by any manufacturer. We have also 
gained good market share in excess of 20% (a delta increase of 1% over last year) 
and remained no.1 by big margin. 
Our R&D team is working tirelessly to reduce the fibre content in our products since 
we continue to face problems related to cost of fibre imported from Russia and 
Kazakhstan. We are confident of overcoming this issue effectively. 
Charminar Fortune continues to be a leader in this space with its strong brand and 
optimal pricing. R&D team has been consistently working to improve the productivity 
of our products while also reducing the costs. We have further evaluated 
mechanisms to increase the product’s efficiency and robustness and registered the 
patents for it. 
Building and Polymer solutions segment has been affected due to the prolonged 
slowdown of the real estate sector. Especially in big cities, that have been declared 
red zones, construction activity has come to a near halt. Using live digital techniques, 
we have been focusing on tier-II and III cities and towns that are green zones and 
been able to achieve 50% capacity utilization in Building solutions. While the overall 
numbers have been lower compared to last year in Building solutions, credit has to 
be given to the team for being agile and looking at newer businesses from COVID 
centers and labor hutments to maintain a decent level of business. Pipes and fittings 
business have also changed their focus to newer green zones and grown by 27% in 
May and June over same time last year. 
PARADOR has been moving from strength to strength. Having integrated well with 
HIL on a cultural and financial level, they have outperformed in many aspects. We 
have increased our efforts directed towards growing into newer geographies and 
increasing utilization levels. Introduction of E-business and focus on DIY clubbed 
with the brand PARADOR have fueled the success for a consistent performance 
whilst the entire Europe and the rest of the world were literally closed due to the 
COVID Pandemic. This has led to a good growth in orders and profitability during 
last quarter. We remain confident that PARADOR will be able to manage well in 
these challenges and achieve the goal of expanding into newer territories as soon 
as global situation improves. 
We, at HIL, place a lot of confidence in our teams and our product offerings. We are 
sure that we will recuperate and return stronger as the pandemic situation passes. 
We have been adopting the zero-based cost model in order to make the most of the 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
current situation by redefining our organizational structure and costs. In this process 
our attempt has been towards leveraging technology to reduce cost and make our 
processes more efficient. The implementation of an end-to-end connect, connecting 
digital shop floor, IoT 4.0 across many of our plants along with integrated robotic 
process automation is promising to deliver good results in the coming quarters. We 
have also trimmed our advertising and promotional spends considerably, using 
digital media to connect with our customers. Our focus on cash management has 
helped us to redefine the way we do business and conserve cash. This has led to a 
good repayment of loans this quarter.  
Your company has shown a lot of resilience in these tough times. Our agile, adaptive 
and bold business model has enabled us to stand up to the challenge. Over the last 
few years, we have greatly reduced the risk profile of the organization by diversifying 
our product portfolio.  
To conclude, I would like to say that we are certain of emerging stronger from this 
situation that we all find ourselves in owing to our strong products portfolio and our 
hardworking and resilient teams. 
Thank you very much for your patient hearing. I would now like to hand over the 
discussion to my CFO, Mr. KR Veerappan to take us through specific numbers. 
KR Veerappan 
Thank you, Dhirup. Good morning everyone and thank you all for joining us on the 
call today. I would like to take you all through the financial and operating highlights 
of the business during Q1FY21. 
This quarter faced severe challenges due to lockdown in various states during major 
part of April and in parts in May and June. There was a complete washout of business 
till end April. However the team at HIL converted this crisis into an opportunity by 
redefining the working capital norms in the business and aggressively driving the 
costs down. The Zero based cost approach along with the Day-0 planning helped 
the organization to overcome the challenges faced during the quarter. 
The opportunistic approach by the team helped the roofing solution business report 
revenue equivalent to Q1 of last year despite a complete washout for a major part of 
April. The building solution segment de-grew by 64% and polymer solution segment 
de-grew at 23% due to the challenges in the real estate sector as a result of the 
lockdown. We have remained focused on profitability by carefully choosing projects. 
We have strived to reduce our costs and improve our margins. This strategy has 
consistently proved to enhance our profitability and we continue to deliver the highest 
profitability in the industry. 
During the first full year of Parador's acquisition, due attention has been paid to the 
smooth financial and cultural integration. Our focus is now on improving profitability 
and sales. Operational excellence using Six Sigma, zero based planning for costs 
and lean manufacturing processes has led to a decrease in costs in Europe, which 
has greatly increased Parador's profitability. A substantial increase in the operating 
margin can be seen in this quarter. 
Consolidated EBITDA came in at Rs.107 crore as compared to Rs.96 crore last year. 
The consolidated PAT stood at Rs.50 crore showing an increase of 34% YoY. 
All of our manufacturing units are now operational, albeit, at lower utilization levels, 
except for roofing solutions. We have ensured that we work within the framework of 
the guidelines set by the authorities and are closely monitoring the situation in order 
to maximize efficiency and performance. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
We do not expect any major impact on the carrying amounts of inventories, intangible 
assets, trade receivables, investments and other financial assets as we continue to 
monitor the economic conditions closely. During a situation as the one we are in, 
cash is important and we enjoy a comfortable liquidity position. Our cash balance 
was also boosted by the healthy collections starting from the month of May, last 
quarter. We have created teams that have been working to maintain liquidity, 
profitability, customer and vendor connect and employee connect and to monitor 
people’s health & safety. We have taken a host of measures to make sure that we 
are able to leverage this opportunity as much as possible. 
Cash Flow management was spot on during the quarter and we have reduced the 
borrowing of the company by Rs.122 crore at a consolidated level from 31st March 
2020. Debt to equity ratio stands at 0.77 as against 1.0 as on 31st March 2020. With 
lot of perseverance the sale of Hysil business was closed under extreme difficult 
circumstances in the month of July and the sale proceeds of Rs.80 crore already 
received will be used for repaying the long term debts this month. The long term 
borrowing at HIL, India is expected to be reduced to Rs.100 crore level by 30th 
September, 2020. 
Our constant endeavor is to consistently boost our investors' returns by enhancing 
productivity and sustainability. To that effect, our consolidated EPS came in at 
Rs.67.25, growing by 23% YoY compared to Rs.54.38 last year.  
With this, I would like to conclude my opening remarks. I request the moderator to 
open the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. We have over first question from the line of Bharat Seth from 
Quest Investments Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Seth 
Sir, Congratulations on good set of numbers, Sir just I have two questions one is 
from Indian business perspective, we have already built our leadership position in 
the roofing solution and which is a sort of a cash cow business, whereas in building 
solutions and polymer solutions still we are lagging much behind, so can you give 
some color, how do we really want to build and play out these three businesses in 
India so that we are more sustainable and more as well as improving the profitability. 
And for the year color on profitability for this building solution and polymer solution? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you, Bharatji. Let me answer the Indian business question to you, thank you 
Bharatji for your compliments. Yes, we are number one in roofing and we have 
outscored our all competitors by a big margin in Q1 as well by a big quantity and a 
big margin, so I want to reinstate that point once again. On building solutions, 
Bharatji, let me just bring up to your note that in AAC block, we are number one in 
India, in panels we are number one in India. In panels, we have about 60% market 
share, in AAC block we have close to about 19%, but then there is a big element of 
companies which are unorganized, but amongst all the organized players, we are 
number one in India. Boards has never been our specific focus, and therefore, we 
have not monitored the market share their. We were fully up on our productions 
before COVID settled in and we were at 95% utilization of our capacity, with the 
profitability that have gone up by big numbers in the last few couple of years. We 
hope that this will continue as soon as the pandemic repeal. This business comes 
primarily from the real estate and big construction activities which have been 
subdued at the moment, big cities are also subdued to a great extent. Give us some 
time as the pandemic recedes, this business is again going to show its color, a lot of 
cost has been reduced in this business, also the product efficiencies have gone up. 
We would go for expansion either organic or inorganic growth for this business, so 
building solutions will remain number one for us for its growth and leadership in India. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
On polymer, yes, it is a new business; honestly we have just picked up in a big way 
in last two to three years. Yes, it is taking a bit more time, but we have seen positive 
indications since October. Since October last year the business has been really 
spreading itself well and consistently performing. Let me tell you that in May and 
June standalone as compared to last year, we have grown by 23% in pipes and 
fittings, and July has also been a good month for pipes and fittings. We are hoping 
that because of the brand, the visibility that now market is able to see the product is 
far excellence and the costs have also gone down, profitabilities have come back so 
we have had profitability in this segment also in July. We are very much hopeful that 
this business is going to go, we have very big aspirations around it. Putty also we 
have started doing big numbers and while we were focusing in West side big ways 
that particular market did not do well in Q1, but hopefully that will come back very 
soon. We have done very good numbers in North and East & South where we do not 
have manufacturing facility, we have started our presence of putty. We want to be 
pan India. So for all these businesses, Bharatji, rest assured your company will be 
number one. 
Bharat Seth 
Sir, is it fair this polymer solution has started becoming EBIT positive from July, so 
full year we will be able to make some kind of a positive contribution from polymer 
solution and building solution. When do we expect to turn it around, I mean positive 
contribution? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Bharatji, if I had known how the COVID will span in Q3 and Q4, I would have 
guaranteed to you. Yes, what you are asking for will happen. If COVID does not 
really spoil the market further, we are very hopeful that we are going to deliver very 
good results for both these segments by year end. 
Bharat Seth 
Sir, second question is on flooring solution. You said that we have been really doing 
wonderful since last few quarters. So can you give some 3 to 5 years your vision for 
this business? How do you really want to play it out and what kind of a sustainable 
EBITDA margin we would like to see for this and the geography expansion? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Yeah, absolutely, thank you very much. I will not say we are doing marvelously well. 
So I would apologize if that is the point that has gone to you. We are trying hard to 
make a good meaning out of this investment and we are very happy with the way it 
is progressing, there is a lot more to be done. Look, whenever we take an European 
company, first thing and foremost is the cultural integration that has gone extremely 
well. Financially, we are both absolutely fully connected and same auditors are 
auditing us, so everything has been streamlined. We have now developed the 
business model, we have got new head of sales for Parador, Director of Sales, and 
we have also critically examined some of the countries in Europe and added sales 
tasks especially in Spain, in France. We have also looked at commercial joint-
venture in the Nordic country. So Denmark you have had a commercial joint-venture 
signed recently and we have got a big order for the wood flooring from them for our 
Spain factory. China, you already know that we have a JV. China has gone through 
real bad times due to the pandemic, while the numbers are not growing as far as 
news is concerned, the market is not fully back. But let me tell you that the brand, 
Parador, in China is very well recognized now over the last one year’s time and we 
have already developed 42 POS “Point of Sales”. So 42 retail counters exhibiting our 
products have been setup in different parts of the country and we are hopeful that by 
Q3-Q4 as the business returns there, you would be able to get very favorable results 
coming from China. Middle East also we have now very close to signing a contract 
wherein we will get some good orders. US another segment where we are focusing, 
so United States also we are looking at. All of these are areas where Parador will 
spread. 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Just to give you a feel, historically, Parador revenues were all concentrated in Europe 
about 75% or 80% of it came from Europe; only about 20-25% came from rest of the 
world. We want to definitely look at the rest of the world in a much more detailed 
manner, so that the business can be ramped up and we can use all the capacities 
that we have in Parador to take it up. Our short-term strategy is to reach the 200 
million Euro revenue levels at Parador. We are about 170 million Euro at the moment 
and then we would be investing more into this business and taking it further. So I do 
not see a problem there. The cost has been brought down as Veerappan already 
said by several positioning and our team from India helping them in many aspects 
and they are working rigorously on cost price. So hopefully the profitability will look 
good but again how COVID really pans out in the next two quarters will be a decider, 
but we are all prepared to take this business to big numbers. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Baidik Sarkar 
Good Morning Mr. Choudhary, trust all is well at your end and given the 
circumstances phenomenal quarter of execution and valuations to you, your R&D 
team, Mr. Veerappan, Mr. Ajay, and the rest of the team. Given the numbers I have 
rather lots of questions. I will prioritize them to the best of my ability. So I think the 
gross margin profile in the India business, predominantly the roofing business, we 
have come off of a very strong base in FY19 and FY20 with gross margins upwards 
of 52%-53% and of course there has been a series of headwinds after that with kind 
of fibre pricing, sourcing and the like, where are we in that cycle today? I also 
understand we are looking at China as our source of fibre report, so any update on 
both these parameters would be very helpful, over to you Sir? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you Mr. Sarkar and I hope you are safe as well. So far as the margin for our 
Indian roofing business is concerned, absolutely buoyant and strong and we do not 
see that dipping at all. We are making further impact on the cost structure to make 
this even better. Fibre will never come from China Sir, so we have still got the 
Russians and the Kazaks as the two suppliers for fibre. However, we are in touch 
with Brazil once again and they have some quantity of fibre which they are able to 
bring from them and because of our long-term relationship, we are getting priority 
over all the rest at a decent price, so that is something that we are looking at, so I 
am confident that fibre price will get equated over the years and we will not have it 
as a negative point in Q3 and Q4 as the average price balances. On the cost, we are 
working very well, so we will continue to deliver good results on roofing as well. 
Baidik Sarkar 
Sure, in your opening remarks, you had a mention on your R&D initiatives in reducing 
the content of fibre, but do you know the ballpark of what the content reduction has 
been and what are we endeavouring towards? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Fibre is a very big element in the total cost base, so even couple of percent reduction, 
3% reduction is a big, big gain that we get. So when we started buying from Russians 
we were highly disadvantageous to one or two of our big competitors because they 
had a very big relationship with the Kazaks and we knew about that and fibre policy 
also, Russians and Brazil are different, so we tweaked it, but at the moment as I talk 
R&D has already come out with good efficient mechanism of reducing the fibre intent 
by a few percentage which will add on to the bottom line and I also mentioned that 
the non-asbestos roofing part is also being developed in a very strategic fashion and 
we have registered further IPs on that. Believe me, this product costing is now quite 
close to the asbestos costing and we would take another six months to get the 
confidence up and then we will be able to meet this product in all the manufacturing 
units of roofing. So we will have a lot more diverse portfolio in times to come. 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Baidik Sarkar 
Lovely and Godspeed on that. Parador obviously continues to execute very well and 
I understand geography deeply, it has been a major contribution of this success here, 
but obviously the currency attribution when we look at the India numbers, so in terms 
of your Q1 performance, would it be possible to summarize what your reported Euro 
numbers were so that we can kind of track your endeavor revenue of 200 million vis-
a-vis where we are today, would that disclosure be possible? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Can I get back to you on that, Sir. 
Baidik Sarkar 
Sure, I will be in touch with Ajay. And would I be right in assuming that our  
endeavored margin profile at HIL level and Parador would be closer to 14% is that 
assumption right? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary No, the EBITDA levels will be sub-10%, I am sure about that. 
Ajay Kapadia 
EBITDA margin is 8% to 9% for full year, but in Q4 and Q1 this year it is between 
10% to 11%. Normally, Q1 and Q4 is the better quarters, whereas Q2 and Q3 are 
suboptimal quarters because of summer holidays in Europe and the Christmas 
holidays in Q3. 
Baidik Sarkar 
Ajay, my question was in terms of our endeavour, I understand where we are today, 
but I think after the acquisition, please correct me if my understanding was wrong, I 
thought our endeavour was to lift this up to about 13%-14% over the next 2-3 years, 
is my assumption right? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary From about 7% EBITDA margin, our first endeavour is to bring it up as close to 10% 
as possible, Mr. Sarkar, and then it will go up further. The way that it will go up further 
will be to utilize the capacity more and that is what I was alluding to that we are 
looking at different zones to expand the sales. COVID has brought up a bit of a 
setback on that and that is inevitable, everyone knows about it but very soon our 
endeavour to improve the sales is what will bring the profitability up, but 13-14% is a 
bit too much at the moment to think about. I think we will be happy once we reach 
the 10% and then look further. 
Baidik Sarkar 
Sure, so this year utilization of Parador was closer to 65-70%? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary It was 65% earlier as you rightly said, it will definitely go up. Again, COVID has put a 
bit of a setback in everything for the top line has not grown as much in Q1, and as 
we talk also July has been a robust performance month for Parador amidst all 
restrictions. Just to give you a feel, all our competitors in flooring in Europe are 
collapsing while Parador is one that is continuing to deliver, so we are very, very 
thankful that we have taken certain leads on the e-Business and DIY keeping us on. 
I am confident that as soon as COVID relaxes a bit, we are going to jump on to all 
newer, greener pastures as we have already defined ourselves, the strategies are 
on and we will ramp up the production. 
Baidik Sarkar 
Thanks, my last question before I jump back to the queue, a bookkeeping, 
Veerappan where are your gross leverage today and given the cash from HYSIL, 
how did we see gross leverage playing out for the rest of the year? 
KR Veerappan 
Right now we are at 0.77, that is what my opening remarks I had said from 1.0 we 
have brought down to 0.77 and that will further come down, the long-term debt will 
be repaid to the extent of, we will bring it down to Rs.100 crore by September, the 
entire proceeds of HYSIL will be repaid for the debt. 
Baidik Sarkar 
In the short-term where do we endeavour to be by September? 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
KR Veerappan 
Short-term that depends on the business cycle and the way the COVID, so I am not 
too bothered about the short-term, I think more important the long-term is the what I 
call it debt and that is what we are reducing and that is going to come down from 
Rs.100 crore, short-term will be depending on the business cycle if it keeps going 
coming down, going up. 
Baidik Sarkar 
To our tax rate because I am given to understand that there is a disallowance of 
interest on the principal related to Parador, so once we repay this Rs.100 crore 
relating to Parador acquisition, what will that do to our tax rate for the rest of the 
quarters? 
G. Manikandan 
Mr. Sarkar, our tax rate will be closer to 25.5% thereafter the loan is fully paid off. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Kush Gangar from Care PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Kush Gangar 
Based on our assessment of improved monsoon outlook and improved rural income, 
what is the outlook for fibre cement volumes for the current year because last year 
there was a degrowth so the base is also lower, so do we expect to increase the 
volume by a decent way in this year? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Mr. Kush, thank you, for fibre cement roofing sheets, Q1 is a decider and then Q4 is 
the biggest swing, Q2 and Q3 are always subdued after the rain, it starts picking up 
around November. Since we have had a good Q1 and the rains have been good, I 
do not see why this year the volumes will be depressed, I definitely think that the 
volumes will be good this year. 
Kush Gangar 
Okay thanks, as you said Q1 is the main quarter, so the pricing set for Q1 could be 
carried forward for the full year, is that assumption right? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary I would like to clarify your words of carry forward because the price definitely does 
not remain constant for the whole year, sir. The price is highest in Q1 because the 
demands are high and definitely it sets the right base for Q2 and Q3, so discounts of 
prices then happens from a high level at Q1 and this year therefore we are getting 
that benefit. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Jigar Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jigar Shah 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity and Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My 
first question would be on roofing solution. Can you just give a breakup of how much 
was the volume decline and how much was the realization increase in Q1 and 
whether this was purely a pent-up demand or since there was a closure in March 
and April or do you see this as a very good year or cycle change for at least one-two 
years considering the rural focus of Government and higher farm income? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you Mr. Shah, I hope you are doing well. Mr. Shah, I take the second question 
first, so yes we had literally a washout in the last part of March and almost the whole 
of April. So therefore the demand was good in the rest of April and May and June 
and it was basically then how well you are positioned to cater to the demand. Yes, 
pent-up demand seems more likely in the state, however, the demand continues to 
be reasonable, so definitely month of Julys are always half of where we leave June 
at, so we will have to see how it works. On the volume front, I am sorry I am not 
prepared with the numbers at the moment, we can take it up further with you and on 
the price side I think about 10% to 12% rise in prices is what we have seen so far in 
Q1. 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Jigar Shah 
Your July was higher than last year or July was lower than last year? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary July has been decent, it is very difficult to at the moment talk specific of July other 
than saying it has been a decent month and we look forward to working hard and 
making this quarter good in itself. We are being opportunist wherever possible and 
we are working more on costs and detailing on the digital roadmap to keep ourselves 
connected with the customer. 
Jigar Shah 
My second question would be on the margin of roofing solutions, the thing is that first 
quarter would have seen a lower cost since the annual contract of asbestos fibre 
changes every year and due to INR depreciation, it would have risen for Q1 cost and 
plus cement prices have risen and logistic cost must have gone up. So what is your 
outlook on margins going forward whether more than 20% EBITDA margin is 
sustainable or it will come down to 15%-16% for the overall year. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Sir, costs have been very high in Q1 for all materials and it is normally like that while 
the selling prices goes up because of the demand. The costs will come down a little 
bit in Q2, Q3, so far as cement is concerned again it is led by the demand. Fibre, I 
think we were disadvantageous to many of our competitors in Q1, but that should 
ease out assuming the profitability to stay above 20%, I think HIL has been always 
the leaders in pricing throughout the country and we will continue that spree while 
the costs are coming down, hopefully, we will post decent results. 
Jigar Shah 
What about the demand continuation whether you see whether it will be for one year 
or two years, how do you see demand? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Sir, normally the demand follows the rainfall and last year we had good rains, rabi 
crop was good again this year. So we saw cash in hands of the rural sector, this year 
also the rains have been good, so I am positive about next year as well. 
Jigar Shah 
Okay you see both two years of good demand going forward? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary It is normally that way, it is about two years good demand, one year then it dips. So 
it has been a cycle if you follow, I am sure you follow that, so hopefully next year will 
be good, Sir. 
Jigar Shah 
My next question would be on pipes and fittings, you said that you have grown by 
around 25%-26% in May and June. So what has led to that demand in pipes and 
fittings specifically, I mean strong double digit? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Mr. Shah, the total market of pipes and fitting is huge and we are absolute small price 
into that market. So any bit we are able to get significantly looks a higher growth 
looking at a small base that we have. I think what I am really happy to announce is 
the way that the team has worked on heat maps, looked at district mapping, and run 
through the entire country map and seen where really the business can come. So I 
think the way they have explored the business relooked at greener pastures while 
keeping themselves and everyone safe, I think it is enormous so that has given that 
growth. We have definitely worked very hard at the plumber engagements and stuff, 
and hopefully that should continue for us. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
Sir, many congratulations on very good performance, Veerappan Sir just wanted to 
know what is our raw material breakup in terms of fibre and cement cost wise and 
other raw materials? 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
KR Veerappan 
I did not get your question, if you can just repeat. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
Out of let us say Rs.100 crore raw material cost, what would be the cement cost, 
what would be the fibre cost and other cost? 
KR Veerappan 
It will be around 20%-23%. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Veerappan, on the material cost it will be higher, on revenue what you are saying is 
right. So fibre and cement almost equates to the major part of the cost of material. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
By the percentage of sales it will be about 20% for fiber and maybe 12%-15% for 
cement? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Yeah, it will be higher than that on a material cost percentage as you are asking, so 
if 100 is your total material cost, cement will be about 30%-35%, fibre will be about 
50% roughly. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
Sir, could you provide the breakup of product wise like panels, boards, pipes, putty 
in terms of value for this quarter? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Mr. Mishra I am not prepared with these numbers, can you reach out to my 
colleagues, subsequently we can give you all the details. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
Sir, last question, what is your current market share, we have improved our market 
share in fibre cement, what is the HIL market share as of now? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary In Q1, we would have done close to 21% and we have gained market share by a 
percent at least over last year and we hope to continue because the volume 
differential between us and our competition will be far in excess for anyone to come 
closer to us and that has been a fantastic achievement by our team in mapping out 
572 districts that they have done and I think that is going to help us going forward. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
21% is there? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Close to, yes Sir. 
Dhananjay Mishra 
Okay Sir that is all from my side, all the best. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you very much Mr. Mishra, stay safe. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Good Morning and congratulations on very good set of numbers Sir, and really 
appreciate the way the team has performed in such a challenging environment. Sir, 
I have two questions one is on Parador and if I read through our annual reports and 
our Q4 commentary also, I think there is a lot of execution improvement which we 
have taken and we have done a lot of work in order to meet the demand. If you can 
just help me understand, there are two parts to it. One is like you mentioned we have 
entered newer places like in Nordic we have got a new order and in France and 
some of these. So of the 70% which we say for Parador, Europe was contributing, is 
that like there were 2-3 countries which were contributing significantly and most of 
the other countries had a lower contribution and we are opening new distribution 
areas or new offices, we are getting higher demand. And secondly what kind of 
changes to the execution model that we have brought in post the COVID, as a result 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
we have been able to get the demand and able to meet the demand better than what 
competitors have been unable to do? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Nikhilji, first of all thank you very much for your wonderful compliments to me and 
the team that takes us a long way. Parador, I will repeat just for some parts of, we 
have definitely focused on the sales in a big way. We have enhanced the sales team. 
We have got some senior staff into the sales to pep up the sales. E-business is 
another activity that we started. We focused on DIY, so there was a three stage 
model earlier where we were pushing the volumes to distributors then through DIY 
to the customers, we have now shortcut one of the lines. So we have directly gone 
into the DIY model, in Germany that has helped us immensely during the COVID 
while the country borders were sealed, while people were staying at home, they 
wanted to spend a lot of money to renovate their houses that as you know in Europe 
mostly people do it themselves. So this is the time they wanted some suppliers to 
supply them material and I think this is where Parador has stood up absolutely, so 
they have changed their logistics mechanism of lifting the products and sending it to 
the customers directly. The brand, Parador, has really stood up in big times by us. 
All our factories were running full up while many of the factories as you know in 
Europe are closed down. We were running with full safety, with full social distancing 
that all is done. On a spread of revenue, you have that question so out of 100% share 
of revenue Parador, 50% used to come from Germany and Austria, I am just saying 
rough figures 25% used to come from rest of Europe, and the other 25% used to 
come from rest of the world. What we have seen, of course, during the COVID 
situation is because the borders were all ceased, rest of the world was more or less 
closed, all the commercials activities were closed, projects were put on hold, 
shipments were not happening, and therefore, we had to primarily focus in Germany, 
Austria, and Europe and that worked very well for us during this time. So we are very 
hopeful that for the companies like France, Spain, even United Kingdom, Austria, 
Germany all of that are presently doing well as I speak to you. The order intake has 
been good for Parador. We have therefore shortened the summer breaks in Parador, 
which is normal in any European company as people have come back to work 
already and we are hopeful that with these joint ventures that we are planning and 
executing one by one, the sales would definitely show up if COVID settles down. 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Thanks a lot for the explanation, Sir just continuation on this like if you say 25% was 
coming from Europe while if you look at the countries where the per capita 
consumption and ability, would these countries be equivalent to the size of Germany 
as a market and as we are improving our distribution or ability to reach that is helping, 
so is it like Europe itself is a big opportunity for us to grow our revenue base or how 
should one understand Sir? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary So Europe itself is quite a good market and they care for brand and that is where 
Parador really comes up. As you would have seen through our net, we also have 
very clear alliances with very high end, well-known interior guys. So they kind of 
design the product for us in Parador. About 50% of the revenue of Parador gets 
changed every three years by new products that gets designed in our R&D itself, so 
definitely that is something that many other companies are not doing. Europe is a 
big market and Europe market has good demand. But there are lots of players in 
Europe, so unless and until you have an USP which separates yourself against the 
rest, whether it be brand, whether it be design, whether it be the connections with 
the customer, whether it be delivery to the customers. All of that you know supports 
this drive and I think we are looking at all of that together in bits and pieces to bring  
up a story, which will help us to excite Europe. So Europe being one, the rest of the 
world we do not want to forget. Parador has started exporting to 80 countries and we 
believe that United States is a big market. We believe that Middle East is a big 
market.  China of course is a mammoth market because that is the biggest middle 
class there. So all of that are creative thoughts that we have and we are executing 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
that one by one, as I said COVID has brought a slight bit of break into it, but we are 
going to be back. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Amit Vora from PCS Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Vora 
Good Morning and thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations once again to the 
entire team. My first question is on the costs that have reduced during Q1, how much 
of them are not going to come back and what portion of that would come back? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Mr. Vora thank you very much for your compliments. On the cost side, there are 
three or four cost elements that we have focused on. One is people cost and I am 
going to talk about that. The second is material cost, the third is variable cost, and 
the fourth is other fixed cost. We looked at all of them, we have looked at decimals, 
we have line item wise cost structure monitoring at each of the factories which we 
are doing live so which means everyday those papers are with every one of us and 
we are able to see where we are. Now, on the people side of course there has been 
discretionary reduction of salaries that we have all taken during this severe times to 
support the company’s performance, those will come back as the performance 
betters. There are a lot of releases in manpower that have happened, not many but 
about 50 odd people have left the organization. Some of them have resigned, some 
of the positions were no more required so the jobs were not really needed, so all of 
that has been done to streamline the organization better, that will not return. So that 
is a permanent cost saving that has happened. On the material side, of course, there 
is fluctuation that keeps on happening, but our strategy through R&D has been 
always to reduce the material cost consumption and that is continuing. On the 
variable and other fixed costs, we have made lots of efforts to see how to run the 
factories with minimum workmen, with minimum power cost, stores and spares cost 
and all the rest. Advertisements and promotional cost along with travelling and 
conveyance cost are again discretionary which at the moment we have stopped it. 
As situation improves and as the business would need, we may have to bring some 
part of it back. So majority is a long-term cost out, some part of it will definitely come 
back. 
Amit Vora 
Okay, that is really helpful. The second thing is on the geography that would have 
done well for us on the roofing side, is there a particular part of India that you focus, 
you did mention about you did have a heat mapping with that thing, but is there a 
particular geography that you have really focused and that is where you have taken 
market share? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Every geography we have taken market share let me you that with full confidence. 
We have looked at every state, we have looked at every district, zillas, everything, it 
has been mapped to the last leg. There was a difference which HIL was performing 
earlier which was pushing the volumes through big distributors and then penetrating 
into the market that has changed. So we have used this pandemic to our advantage 
and now we are pulling the business through our reach to the last consumer. I think 
that has been a dramatical change in the way the sales has really done and we have 
mapped pin codes, so we have a complete understanding of where our customers 
are, where the market is, which part of it the volumes are there, which are green 
zones as per COVID, there is a live map which is modified every day and through 
this BI tools we are able to direct our company audience to the volumes, so yes all 
of that is continuing, not only for roofing but for ourselves as well. 
Amit Vora 
Okay, great, thank you so much, all the best, stay safe. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary You too, thank you very much. 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Pritesh Cheda from Lucky 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Cheda 
Sir, just one question on Parador when you mentioned that the aspiration is to reach 
from $ 170 million to about $ 200 million revenues and take the margin from whatever 
10%-11% to about 13% that vision of yours is achievable in how many years? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you very much for your question, I would just modify your question a little bit, 
this is our vision jointly with Parador. The profitability from 7.5% would come closer 
to 10% is what I mentioned at EBITDA level. So anything above 10% is going to be 
difficult as we stand today, but not impossible. We will definitely work that through. 
This should come in the next couple of years in fact it should have been closer to 
that had COVID not affected the business, but we will definitely strive to get this 
business up by that much in the next couple of years. 
Pritesh Cheda 
This $ 200 million business is doable on the current capacity and if we have to add 
any new assets, what is the asset turn in this business and what are the incremental 
ROCE? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary All of that are plans which are there. At the moment we are not adding any assets 
because of COVID, but we will do it incrementally. There will be just small 
deficiencies here and there that we will have to add, no major CAPEX will be needed, 
200 million capacity can be delivered from the machines that we have with minor 
modifications. 
Pritesh Cheda 
What is the incremental ROCE in the business? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary I do not have that number at the moment, can we get back to you on this please. 
Pritesh Cheda 
Okay. If I can just ask, what is the working capital cycle in this? 
Ajay Kapadia 
Working capital in Parador is close to 13%, the main working capital item is inventory 
where is about two months. 
Pritesh Cheda 
Working capital cycle is 13% of sales? 
Ajay Kapadia 
Yeah, 13% is the net working capital. 
Pritesh Cheda 
This $ 200 million revenue, what asset would have been put on the ground for 
generating these $ 200 million? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Sorry, that is the question you asked earlier, do we need further CAPEX to it, as I 
said not much will be needed. 
Pritesh Cheda 
But what is the amount invested for this $ 200 million revenue, what is the asset 
block, gross block? 
Ajay Kapadia 
We have revalued assets and the current block is EUR 45 million for PPEs other 
than intangible, there are intangible assets like goodwill and brand  in the business. 
Pritesh Cheda 
Just to clarify, it is Euros? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Yes, EUR 45 million. 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Ritika Dua from Aequitas 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ritika Dua 
Congratulations on an excellent set of numbers, Sir I wanted to know how did the 
industry grow in the roofing segment in Q1 and what is the likely growth for the full 
year for the industry as a whole? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Ritikaji, same comments to you, I hope you are doing well and thank you very much 
for your wonderful comments. The roofing in Q1 has not grown because we were 
deprived of about 20 days of sales. So there was a de-growth in the roofing segment, 
definitely we are at par in roofing over the last year, so we are the only company 
where the revenues have been met over last year. 
Ritika Dua 
Sir, what is the volume degrowth for the industry? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary The volume degrowth for the industry would be 11%. 
Ritika Dua 
Sir, how do we see realizations for this quarter, I mean are they higher year-on-year? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Definitely because we have exited Q1 with a good NSR, so certainly Q2 at the 
moment as we see the realizations are better and it is needed because the prices of 
raw materials have gone up also. So it is very much needed for the sustainability of 
the organization also. 
Ritika Dua 
Okay also Sir could you give us the volume for roofing business for HIL? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Ritika, we will get back to you. 
Ritika Dua 
Okay, I wanted one last question regarding Parador, you mentioned that a lot of 
competitors have shutdown in Europe, who would you consider as your closest 
competitor? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary There are one or two, one is Haro for instance in Germany, which are big names, 
then Tarkett is there another big name there, so there are some of them. I did not 
say they have closed down fully, I have said they have reduced their production 
substantially. Thank you very much, Ritika. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Anish Moonka from JST 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Anish Moonka 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers given the economic scenario. Sir, how 
does the consolidation in the real estate industry affect us? What happens in the 
gestation period in which it pans out and how does our pricing power get affected, if 
you can share your past experience? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary What was your third question? 
Anish Moonka 
Sir, what happens in the gestation period in which it pans out the consolidation and 
how does our pricing power get affected if it happens, Sir if you can share some past 
experience regarding this in any of the markets? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Real estate, we are manufacturing company and definitely real estate is very close 
to us, while the roofing segment primarily comes from the roofing sheets 
replacements or new projects that comes in the rural sector, the roofing normally 
goes for animal husbandry, it goes for the fence for the chickens, it gets into the roofs 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
of various construction houses as well as godowns. It is primarily a rural demand 
B2C business. In so far as building solutions segment is concerned, we sell blocks, 
panels, and boards and that gets into the A, B, C class cities, to big builders, to real 
estate to commercial projects to COVID Centres to labor hutment, we have done 
fantastic in diverting that particular business over the last two-three months into 
where it is really happening which is the COVID Centre and labor hutment. About 
45% of our revenue has come from that, so that is like diverting your attention to 
where it really means. So far as the real estate is concerned, it is very much still 
down. I think it is going to take another minimum two quarters for it to come back 
because there are lots of unsold inventory, cash flow is very difficult in that sector, 
labors are not available, laborers are problems, material availability, transportation, 
all of these issues are there. So I do not see per se the real estate really coming 
back so soon, but however, the construction is happening, Government funds are 
going for roadway constructions, for many other low-cost housing and we are 
focusing ourselves towards that to see how we can get the mileage out of it. Sorry I 
could not get about the gestation part of it, so you are saying where our product goes 
at what time, is that the question. 
Anish Moonka 
No Sir, it is about till how much time could it take for the real estate industry to 
consolidate, so probably it has not recovered in the last five years, so something on 
that terms? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Sir, very, very difficult for me to make a prognosis on this, we will have to see how 
COVID pans out, but real estate will remain depressed at the moment. 
Anish Moonka 
Sir, one more question, do we face any receivables problems from the real estate 
players that we cater to? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary I think in the opening remarks of Veerappan he made an allude to this that there is 
none that we believe is going to be a long-term problem for us, but short-term in Q1 
for the building solution segment, we definitely had some problems in getting 
collections done because some of our long-term, well-valued customers had 
problems with cash flows because their business did not come back effectively, but 
we are hopeful we will get all of that collected this quarter, so I do not see that there 
will be a problem in so far as those are concerned. 
Anish Moonka 
Thank you for the clarification Sir and stay safe. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you very much and same to you Sir. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Arpit Shah from Care Portfolio 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Arpit Shah 
Sir, excellent set of numbers. Heartiest congratulations and majority of the questions 
have been answered, just two follow up questions. One, is any amount of bad debt 
in Indian business or in Parador that we have written off? Second, you said that in 
Europe many players in the flooring business are collapsing, any particular reason 
for that or like receivables or inventory management or something and we are better 
on those aspect. And Sir last is on the CAPEX, any CAPEX guidance for the year? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you Mr. Shah and hope you are doing well. So bad debts in India honestly 
about Rs.3 crore or something at the most is there, which is a long-term bad debts 
that we have, I do not see any immediate or recent deliveries are turning into it, but 
we are hopeful that we will be able to recover some of that. 
Arpit Shah 
These have been provided for? 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Yeah, they have been all provided for. In Germany also there is about Rs.3 crore of 
bad debts, I will not say bad, I will say old debts, but we will get that back I am not 
so hopeful. They have also been provided for. 
Arpit Shah 
The competitors and other players in Europe in the flooring? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Europe, honestly, the problem that has happened is the big stores or dealers have 
all been closed. So, therefore, Government has allowed small stores, DIY to be open 
more from continuity of life and since we had diverted our attention towards DIY sale, 
I think that has helped us well, while the others could not get that benefit. Second, is 
I do not think everyone had the opportunity of a well-framed logistic support for 
shipments that were to be lifted from the factory and delivered to our customers 
home, so we did that and I think that has helped us immensely during the lockdown 
period. So it is basically that during the lockdown movements were restricted, 
borders were more or less sealed and they had lots of problem, so some of them 
could not do the revenues as much as probably they wanted to, but Parador 
continued it. 
Arpit Shah 
Sir this can be attributable only to Q1 or even Q2, right now also we are gaining that 
market share, so they are still unable to deliver or what is there? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary I think the problem has come down a bit in Europe, so countries are opening up. With 
the opening up, I am sure their businesses will come back, but we have taken the 
best out of it already and continuing also our business looks to be on solid grounds. 
Arpit Shah 
Sir, any CAPEX guidance for India or Europe, Europe you already said no, but in 
India I was seeing somewhere in the presentation that we want to plan some 
CAPEX? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary In India the big CAPEX items which was to enhance capacity for building solutions 
segment has been put on hold. We will come back to it once the business comes 
back after the COVID. So India will be mainly maintenance CAPEX in all the 
businesses which are needed, some of the machines are old, some of the plants are 
old, they will need some bit and one or two CAPEX which are fall over from last year. 
I would consider that we will limit our CAPEX in India to be around Rs. 60-65 crore, 
not more than that. In Europe again maintenance CAPEX by far except for a little bit 
addition here and there, so I think about EUR 3.5 million is what we are hoping in 
Europe this year as well. 
Arpit Shah 
Sir, this last question on the Charminar Fortune, taking the feedback from the 
institution, we understand that it is not taken off as we expected, so Sir what makes 
you believe that changing the strategy that what we want to see that the increase is 
the share or it will reaches out to the people and there is a demand for this kind of 
products? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Mr. Shah, this product, I was very, very clear right from beginning that this product 
was more to get us out of asbestos if the need arises. So it is more to secure 
ourselves for future in case there is a problem with asbestos. We had an issue with 
this product when we made the first version of it where we used autoclave, and 
therefore, we needed autoclave to process this and that limits your manufacturing 
capability per line. So while just giving an example, if one line of AC sheet can deliver 
500 metric tons in a day and we are the only ones doing that, maybe others would 
be at 350-400 metric tons. Using autoclave it automatically gets restricted to about 
150 metric tons even with four autoclave. So those restrictions to the first version of 
Fortune that we made, therefore the costs were high, and the efficiencies were low. 
We have now worked with R&D to look at alternatives to do it without autoclave, 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
these IPs are getting registered and therefore I cannot talk too much loud on that, 
but as soon as we are able to prove all of that, we will be able to make this from any 
of our lines of AC sheets, this becomes than a sustainability plant for in case 
asbestos goes on. Also we can utilize once the efficiencies have gone up and the 
costs have come down, we can utilize this much more in the market for customers 
who do not want asbestos. So you would see the better part of Fortune coming up 
in the next six months’ time after we have proven this new R&D concept that I just 
alluded to. 
Arpit Shah 
Okay Sir, thank you very much, all the best. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you Mr. Shah, all the best to you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bharat Shah from Quest 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah 
Thanks for the second time opportunity; my all questions have been answered, thank 
you. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you Bharatji, all the best to you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have the last question from the line of Shubham from Aequitas 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shubham 
Sir, for the quarter, in the presentation it was mentioned that in building solutions we 
did capacity of around 30%, so I wanted to understand at what capacity will we 
breakeven in this segment? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Shubham, let me tell you that our entire focus has been at breakeven first at the 
EBITDA stage and this business did not breakeven at EBITDA stage in Q1. But I am 
happy to say that we have reduced the cost immensely and you would see better 
results in Q2. 
Shubham 
Sir, in polymer solution so out of Rs.48 crore, what would be the contribution of wall 
putty? 
Dhirup R. Choudhary About 50:50. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the Management for closing comments. Over 
to you, Sir. 
Dhirup R. Choudhary Thank you very much, Bikram. It has been a pleasure interacting with all of you over 
this call. We thank you for taking time out and in meeting with us today, we value 
your continued interest and support. If you have any further questions or would like 
to know anything more about your company, kindly reach out to our investors 
relations desk or reach out to me and I will be most happy to answer any of your 
questions. Thank you all and stay safe. 
\ 
