er
G^y TRr
September 3,2O2O
Dear Sir(s), Madam(s),
Sub: 01FY21 Earninos Conference CAll
With reference to our letter clated August 28, 2020, please find enclosed transcript for e1Fy21
Earnings Conference Call held on August st, zoào of Gayatri projects Limited. The same
shall be hosted on Company,s website at www.gayatri.co.in.
This is for your information and records.
Yours faithfully
Gayatri Projects Limited
I'
. 
f 
'' 
t'
Chetan Kumar Sharma
Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer
Encl: As Above
Regd. & Corp. Office :
cayatri pro¡ects L¡mited, 81 , 6-3-1 090, TSR Towers 
T +91 40 2331 0330 /4284 /4296 
E gplhyd@gayatri.co.itr
Raj Bhavan Road, Somajiguda, Hycìerabad 500 082. T.S 
¡ +91 40 2339 8435 
www.gayatri co in
CIN: 199999TG1 989PLC057289
To
The Secretary, Listing Department
BSE Limited
Phi roze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
Maharashtra, India
Scrip Code: 532767
To
The Manager, Listing Depaftment
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, plot No. C/1,
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051
Maharashtra, India
Scrip Code: GAYAPROJ

Page 1 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
Transcript 
 
Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
:  
31st August 2020, 12:00 pm IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 
24 mins 44 secs 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Madhuri: 
 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen, I am Madhuri, moderator for 
the conference call.  Welcome to Gayatri Projects Limited Q1 FY21 earnings conference 
call.  At this moment, all participants are in listen only mode, later we will conduct a 
question and answer session.  At that time, if you have a question please press star and 
one on your telephone keypad.  Please note this conference is recorded.  Now I would 
like to handover the floor to Mr Ankit Toshniwal from Go India Advisors.  Please go-
ahead sir. 
 
Ankit Toshniwal: 
 
Thank you, Madhuri.  Good afternoon everybody and 
welcome to Gayatri Projects Limited earnings call to discuss the Q1 FY21 results.  We 
have on the call Mr Sandeep Reddy Managing Director of the company.  We must 
remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company 
faces.  May I now request Mr Sandeep Reddy to take us through the company’s 
business outlook and financial highlights, subsequent to which we will open the floor for 
Q&A.  Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yeah, thank you Ankit.  I hope you can hear me clearly. 
 
Ankit Toshniwal: 
 
Yeah. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yeah, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for taking out time 
to join us for our Q1 FY21 earnings call.  I do hope that you and your loved ones are 
safe and healthy.  We have uploaded our earnings presentation on the exchange and 
company website.  I hope you have been able to view the same.  Before I discuss the 
operational and financial performance, I would like to spend 5 minutes on our business 
strategy.  We continue to maintain our focus on asset like business model and have a 
pure play EPC order book of 126+ billion.  Our book to bill of four times gives us a high 
growth visibility for the next three years.  Our order book is a very diversified 
geographically, our exposure to UP and Maharashtra constitute almost 30% of the order 
book.  Road EPC companies continues to be our biggest segment and constitutes over 
60% of our order book.  De-leveraging and balance sheet strengthening continues to 
remain our key strategic priority, over the last three-four years we have significantly 
reduced our long term debt, have brought down our debt equity from 2.4 times to almost 
1.6 currently.  As stated earlier, we are committed towards fully reducing our long-term 
debt in the next 12-18 months.  Our strong EBITDA to free cash flow generation and 
claims monetization will help us in achieving this objective.  Over the next 8-12 months, 
we expect a cash flow of almost 4-6 billion which will go fully towards debt reduction.  I 
will now briefly touch upon the operating and financial performance.  On the order front, 
while the orders picked up in Q1 most of the new NHAI orders or HAM projects and we 

Page 2 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
are not participating in that segment, we although noticed a very high level off 
competitive bidding in road projects and hence the company is going slow and not 
indulging an aggressive bidding, we have a strong order backlog and are on focusing on 
executing the projects on hand.  During the quarter we won the irrigation water supply 
project worth about 1.4 billion rupees.  Coming to the project execution, execution has 
picked up at most of the projects and almost all projects are on schedule after adjusting 
for Covid related delays.  Purvanchal expressway is running fair ahead of schedule after 
adjusting for Covid related delays.  The irrigation project in Telangana has picked up 
pace and company currently expect to finish the execution over the three-four quarters.  
The completion of Varanasi project has been extended by two quarters due to the 
extended monsoon and is now expected to complete Q4 FY21 as against the earlier 
schedule of Q1 21.  Coming to our financial performance, our financial performance in 
Q1 was impacted due to lockdown restrictions imposed in March 2020 and further due to 
shortage of labor and raw material.  Our gross margin remain intact, however EBITDA 
and PBT were impacted due to high operation leverage in the business and lower sales.  
We are regular in our debt amount as of 28th March & we have opted for moratorium and 
currently there is no default.  Company is also restructuring its debt with bank and in the 
process of the same I will also sign the inter-creditor agreement.  Going forward, we 
expect execution to significantly pick up from H2 onwards and accordingly and as 
mentioned in our last quarter call we expect FY21 to be same as FY20 in terms of 
revenue.  We will be maintaining EBITDA margins at the minimum of 14-15% and we will 
aim for an order inflow of 30-40 billion.  With this I will open the floor for question. 
 
Madhuri: 
 
Thank you, sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have a question, please press star and one on your 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw 
your request, you may do so by pressing star and one again.  Participants are requested 
to press star and one only once, pressing star one multiple times will put you out of the 
queue.  So, the first question comes from Anil Sharma from AB Capital.  Please go-
ahead sir. 
 
Anil Sharma: 
 
Yeah, hi.  Thanks for the opportunity.  Sir, just a couple of 
things I wanted to understand.  The first in terms of the execution, what’s the current rate 
of execution going on and is the company back to normal levels of execution? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yes, we are, the first quarter as I told you we were lower 
than last year because of the one and half month of abnormal, but now we have reached 
to normal level, but this year monsoon has been quite heavy.  Now except for monsoon 
delay there is nothing much actually. 
 
Anil Sharma: 
 
Okay, okay and in terms of payments, are you seeing any 
delay in the payments coming from state and NHAI projects, state governments and 
NHAI projects. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
NHAI we have no delay in payments at all.  See we have 
three major clients.  You will see most of our order book is either NHAI or we have the 
UP Purvanchal expressway which is UPEIDA and then also we have Mumbai-Nagpur 
expressway.  These two even though they are state government, they are fully 
financially funded by bank, so have no problem of funding.  Only state governments like 
Telangana and Andhra, we will be facing payment delays actually. 
 

Page 3 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
Anil Sharma: 
 
Okay and one last thing I wanted to check.  Can you give me 
the breakup of the debt between long term and short-term sir? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
We will just give you, yeah. 
 
Anil Sharma: 
 
Okay, okay sir.  Thanks for the opportunity then.  Yeah, 
that’s it from my end. 
 
Madhuri: 
 
Thank you, sir.  Dear participants, if you have a questions, 
please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  The next question comes from 
Kranthi Bathini from Wealth Mills Securities.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Kranthi Bathini: 
 
Hi Mr Sanjay, Kranthi here from Wealth Mills, just would like 
to know because of the lockdown and you might be facing pressure from labor, how it is 
impacting your operation? Are you witnessing a normalcy? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
No, no, the first quarter was affected partly lockdown and 
also the labor had left, but as you know in most of our labor oriented jobs are only for 
structure, so most of the infrastructure projects what we are doing is more mechanical 
oriented and labor is only used for the bridges and structured, so those were really 
affected in the first quarter and second quarter anyway is the monsoon so we are not 
affecting.  So, we are hoping that while Q3 onwards the entire labor will come back and 
we will come back to normalcy actually. 
 
Kranthi Bathini: 
 
And given the kind of government emphasis on the 
infrastructure spending now, okay, how Gayatri next in I can say two years, what is the 
advantage of Gayatri and how you are going to take the advantage of this infrastructure 
boom? What’s your plan, could you give a road map on this? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yeah, plan is that we want to continue to be only EPC 
business.  As you know, the government is going to spend a lot of spending on roads 
and water projects, so we have actually entered into water segment.  So, there are lot of 
that is the segment we are going to concentrate on.  Irrigate, see irrigation basically is 
where more of state government subject, so we have, so it has been more of a much 
smaller segment compared to others and the road sector we will continue to be a major 
thrust, so we will concentrate on most of the EPC road projects and as I told you we 
have order book today of nearly 12 to 13 thousand crores, which we have enough for the 
next two to three years.  So, we will grow, we will aim to grow in the next two-three years 
at 15-20% topline, so we will try to win orders to maintain the topline actually. 
 
Kranthi Bathini: 
 
Can you give a road map with respect to your making the 
company a debt free company?  As a very encouraging statement can you give us just a 
roadmap how you are going to make? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
There are three things. Our long-term debt we hope to be 
debt free in the, as far as long-term debt is concerned in next two to three years, in next 
two years, we have three levels.  One is normal cash flow what we are going to generate 
out of the operation plus we are expecting the arbitration award, we have a number of 
arbitration claims what we are expecting to win in the next couple of quarters.  See some 
of them for example we are trying to use where the government has gone and contested 
in the court.  The NITI Aayog circular provides the bank guarantee for 75% and take the 

Page 4 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
money today and ultimately the court settles may be after two-three years we will get a 
guarantee back that is one method.  The other method is that now we are also following 
the reconciliation method of NHAI where they have third party reconciliation where they 
are going into a long-term litigation, they are willing to settle quickly.  So, this process 
also is now hastening the whole thing.  So, all these three things we are expecting as 
include which will bring us into a debt free state. 
 
Kranthi Bathini: 
 
Sandeep, this is my final question okay?  Your stock 
witnessed a significant correction from HP, the promoters are wiling to increase their 
stakes at these prices or what exactly you have planned? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
I don’t think this is right [inaudible 00:10:23] talk about price, 
the promoters are only concentrating on, you know, doing the business.  So, we are on 
[inaudible 00:10:29]. 
 
Kranthi Bathini: 
 
Yeah, do you have any plans to increase your promoter 
holding since the stock available at a cheaper price or …. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
See, said in this call actually, so we cannot answer that. 
 
Kranthi Bathini: 
 
Do we have any plan? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
We own only 45% of the company, so I think which is a 
significant holding, so I don’t think we can, I can answer this question today.  I am 
concentrating on more shareholder value for all other shareholders by growing the 
company business actually. 
 
Kranthi Bathini: 
 
Yeah, that’s correct.  You always endeavor for the 
shareholder value, but here we have witnessed the shareholders witnessed a significant 
value correction in the stock price, that’s why I am asking you. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
That is market perception of the company, so what should I 
do about it?   It is market driven, so whether [inaudible 00:11:25] stock price is or the 
value what market can perceive isn’t it? 
 
Kranthi Bathini: 
 
Okay then, thank you. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Madhuri: 
 
Thank you, sir.  Next question comes from Deepika Bhandari 
from Phillip Capital.  Please go-ahead ma’am. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
Hi, sir.  It’s Deepika.  Thank you for taking my question.  My 
first question is like at present what is the, at what execution level are we compared to 
pre-Covid levels and what is the labor availability in percentage form compared to pre-
Covid level? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
No, labor is about 80% of pre-covid levels now, so as I told 
you, the labor have left because normally in the monsoon the labor, it’s actually 
coincided with the monsoon now.  So, mostly normally the labor leave in the monsoon 
and they come back actually in September, so now the second quarter also our 

Page 5 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
execution is going as the pre-Covid level except for some labor projects are lower than 
required. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
Okay, so currently we are at 80% and we are executing at 
what level? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
We are executing at 80% level. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
And when do we see this going back to 100, I mean like, you 
know, that we are exactly [inaudible 00:12:42] 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
From October onwards. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
October onwards, okay sir.  There is another question like so 
currently we are, we as you said we have the debt equity of 1 to 1.6 times… 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yeah. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
…and which is comparatively higher than other infra 
companies.  I understand that we have a very strong order book, but so do other 
companies and like currently we are witnessing a high boom in infra sectors pertaining to 
order inflows if you see, so how do you see your order, debt levels going by the end of 
FY21, I mean because if we are opting for, if we are going to, we are going for more 
bidding, we cannot see our debt going down, right? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
No, no see debt doesn’t affect your bidding actually.  So, we 
have enough bank guarantee limits to continue with the bidding.  Our debt is compared 
to other infra companies, what I have been telling you is we have a huge amount of 
investment in power and road assets, which were done in the past seven-eight years, 
which we are trying to unravel and get back that is one of the reasons our debt is higher 
than the other competitor infra companies, that is the reason actually.  So, we are hoping 
to monetize some of these assets in various levels and for example, we sold our power 
asset, but we have earn out with Sembcorp, so once the earn out we are hoping that in 
the next couple of years we will get back the earn out from the power project, so all 
these things have been used to reduce the debt. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
Okay, FY21 our debt level would be similar, that’s what you 
guide? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
It will come down at a normal level. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
Okay.  Okay, sir.  Sir, like because we are a pure EPC 
company and currently looking at the coming bid, we see a huge competition in EPC.  
How do we see the competition?  I mean the bidding. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
There is enough competition.  See, I will tell you in EPC we 
are qualified, for example in road projects we qualify up to 2000 crores of packages.  
About 1000 to 2000 crores, the competition is not so much, but as I mentioned during 
my earlier statement NHAI you can see that clearly, they are separating the whole road 
program into three things, 40% HAM, 40% EPC and 30% toll projects.  So, we are 

Page 6 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
concentrating on the 40% segment.  So, unfortunately, the last two-three months you will 
see more of HAM projects which are coming out, so we… 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
Correct 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Once the HAMs are over then there will be more of EPC 
then we will participate, so we are now bidding, we are submitting a number of bids even 
now, but we are bidding at our level of  profit and all that, so we have not been able to 
win any project so far, but we are confident of winning in the future. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
Yeah, we won’t be aggressive and compromise on our 
margins. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Because I have enough order book for the next two years, so 
why should I unnecessary be aggressive and increase the order book? 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
Correct, correct, correct sir.  Just last question from my side, 
what irrigation projects are we seeing coming forward?  Are there any tenders that are 
holding out? Or do we see any opportunity in irrigation? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
There were few projects we were working in Karnataka, also 
in Andhra Pradesh has come out substitute project about to come out in the next, but 
because of the Covid I think last two quarters have slowed down, but the state 
governments also have funding problem because of this covid issues I think unless they 
are going to get their funding sorted out I don’t see much irrigation projects coming up, 
but like for example we have won this water supply project in Uttar Pradesh, but these 
are funded by the central government funding.  So those kind of projects even though it 
is a state project they are getting refunded by the central, so those kind of projects are 
coming, we are concentrating in those sort of projects. 
 
Deepika Bhandari:  
Sure sir.  Thank you, that’s it from my side. 
 
Madhuri: 
 
Thank you, ma’am.  Dear participants, if you have any 
questions, please press star and one on your telephone keypad.  The next question 
comes from Vikash Maskara, individual investor.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Hi sir.  Thanks for giving me this opportunity.  I have three 
questions.  First, in February-March with respect to the arbitration claims we had made 
an announcement.   
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
February- March? 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Can you hear me sir? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yeah, yeah, I can hear you. 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Okay, I am just, my first question is respect to the arbitration 
claim in around February-March before Covid when we were expecting the arbitration 
claims be received in next few months, probably one-two months, you know, because 
out of 3  packages one we have already settled in terms of the reconciliation.  When do 

Page 7 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
you think they would settle that actual timeline like one-two months or next five-six 
months, is NHAI giving any… 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
See as I told you, yeah, the arbitration award what we won, 
we had an issue, the whole process was that get a bank guarantee sanction separately.  
Then these arbitrations were in a JV with our other partner.  So the JV partner could not 
give their own guarantee, so we are giving to our share, so now the legality of both JV 
partners can handle or even handling, so now we expect that in next couple of months 
we will be able to get at least the first trench of arbitration award of about nearly 220 
crores. 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Sir second question with respect to the restructuring 
package which you announced in March with the banks.  I believe for six months there 
was certain cooling of period with respect to the debt because in any restructuring 
package , so post these restructuring package for the next three to six months do you 
see the company being able to pay the debt on time or the interest on time because you 
are on morat right now? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
We didn’t have any restructuring package.  Let me just again 
clarify to you.  We actually signed an ICA from the bank because as I told you the last 
two quarters of last year we had a delay of, we were never a non-performing asset with 
the banks, we were only a, we are delay of payment that’s for this June 7 circular of RBI 
when there is a stress in the asset the banks have to do an ICA.  That is the procedure 
of RBI.  So, we followed that procedure and accordingly we signed the ICA and part of 
the ICA we are negotiating with the banks to reduce some interest rates and think like 
that, but we are now up to date with all the banks.  We have only availed the moratorium 
which was given by RBI and after that we will be able to service the loans comfortably. 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
So, that’s what I am trying to understand which is being 
made clear that.  That today is the last day of the morat period, for the next three to four 
months at least we have visibility to pay the interest on time. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yes. 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Am I right sir? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yes.   Correct. 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Okay, thank you, sir.  Last question from my end, in terms of 
the work status on the presentation slide 8 and 9 with respect to various packages you 
have given the expected completion dates of the project.  If I just sum up the projects 
which are expected to be completed by Q4 21 which I understand is basically March 21 
it comes to nearly 4300 crore, so actually do we expect 4300 crores of completion to be 
completed within the next three quarters? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
We would have given completion, but the substantial 
completion, really might not happen so much in three quarters, so we can clarify you 
separately actually that is the extension of expected completion by March.  So, some of 
the projects, mostly its Varanasi project even now the certain amount of land is being 
given to us, so they may even spill over into quarter of June actually which is quite 
uncertain. 

Page 8 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Okay, but sir one more question from Purvanchal we are 
expecting that to be completed by December 2022 and Mumbai-Nagpur by June 2022.  
Actually, Purvanchal was probably moving ahead of schedule. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
But Purvanchal, the official date of completion is 22, 36 
months.  So, we have given that, but today we are aiming to complete earlier, so… 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Okay, the only point is if actually look at the completion dates 
and only for those projects which are completing in March is 4300 and assuming some 
execution on projects which are spilling over in 22-23 the execution can be at least 5-5.5 
thousand crores is what coming out from the presentation, so if you could just correct the 
where I am wrong I would appreciate it a lot. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
See, that is the schedule of the project.  See, normally that’s 
the nature of a project.  See this is as per the, we have given the expected completion 
date, but sometimes they could even spill over more because there are so many issues 
with the road projects where land is not given, certain various are not approved, so we 
cannot give out officially because the extension of given, the extension of time is given 
up to that time, but we may further get extension actually. 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Okay.  Sir, it is request in the future presentations, just more 
clarity in terms of additional land acquisition status, so as investors we will be more 
aware in terms of, you know, which project can get executed when [inaudible 00:22:04] 
project how the company will perform in the future.  I would really appreciate if you can 
give a little bit more color in the future in terms of the actual concerns with respect to the 
project or land acquisition or something like that so, we would really appreciate it. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Okay, definitely. 
 
Vikas Maskara: 
 
Thank you, sir.  Thanks a lot. 
 
Madhuri: 
 
Thank you, sir.  Next question comes from Preeti Singh from 
Value Investments.  Please proceed ma’am. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
 
Thank you for this opportunity. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Yeah. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
 
Sir I wanted to know how is the current bidding pipeline in 
roads and in how much are you participating? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
You know, there is enough EPC contracts close about nearly 
22000 crores in roads itself, so we are participating in all EPC projects.  EPC roads there 
is about nearly the roads and especially NHIDCL, all the clients, NHIDCL, MORTH and 
NHAI all three put together I think there are more than 20-30 thousand crores of projects 
bid out in the next two-three months actually. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
 
Okay.  Also, of your whole order book which are the projects 
that are executing the fastest? And if you can name some projects that are slowest in 
the execution? 

Page 9 
 
Transcript - Gayatri Projects Ltd 1QFY21 Earnings conference call 
 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
So, right now the fastest is Purvanchal expressway and no 
everything is on track now.  In fact, that Telangana projects were very slow because 
even though the order book is from last two-three years they didn’t start, but Telangana 
irrigation projects have started only from December actually and now they are in fast 
track actually. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
 
Okay.  Also, sir, what is the availability of additional working 
capital status from banks? 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
We are comfortable with working capital, no additional 
requirements.  See we have bank guarantee limits of approximately 4400-4500 crores, 
so we keep revolving limit so whenever some of the projects keep completing, we get 
the return BG’s which will be allowing us to rebid again. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
 
Okay.  Okay, that’s it from my side sir.  Thank you so much. 
 
Madhuri: 
 
Thank you, ma’am.  It was the last question. now I would like 
to handover the floor to Mr Sandeep for closing comments.  Over to you, sir. 
 
Sandeep Reddy: 
 
Thank you for joining us on the call today.  We hope that we 
have been able to satisfy the addressed queries.  In case there are any pending or 
follow on queries please contact the team at Go India Advisors and they will be able to 
address any questions you have.  Thanks for your support and thank you. 
 
Madhuri: 
 
Thank you, sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your 
conference for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using door Sabha’s 
conference call service.  You may disconnect your lines now.   Thank you and have a 
please day.  
 
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
