GODAWARI
POWER & ISPAT
REF: GPILINSE&BSE/2020/4166
Date: 19.08.2020
To,
I. The Listing Department,
2. The Corporate Relation Department,
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,
The SSE Limited, Mumbai,
Exchange Plaza, Sandra Kurla Complex,
1st Floor, Rotunda Building,
Sandra (E), MUMSAI
- 400051
Dalal Street, MUMSAI-
400001
NSE Symbol: GPIL
SSE Security Code: 532734
Dear Sirs,
Sub:
Submission of Transcript
of Conference Call held on 12.08.2020
This
has
reference
to
conference
call
held
on
12.08.2020
for
Analyst/Institutional
Investors/Fund
House/Investors
etc.,
please
find
attached
herwith
the
Tranascript
of
Conference Call.
The aforesaid
information
is also
being
hosted
on the website
of the company
VIZ.,
www.godawaripowerispat.com.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For GODA WARI POWER AND ISPAT LIMITED
Y.C.RAO
COMPANY SECRETARY
Encl : As Above
_----
Corporate Address: Hira Arcade,
Near New Bus Stand, Pandri, Raipur - 492001, Chhattisgarh,
India
P: +91 771 4082000, F:+91 771 4057601
www.godowaripowerispat.com,
www.hirogroup.com

Page 1 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
Transcript 
 
Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
: 
12th August 2020, 12 Noon IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 
57 mins 43 secs 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen.  I am Bharathi, 
moderator for the conference call.  Welcome to Godawari Power and Ispat Limited, 
Q1FY21 earnings conference call.  At this moment all participants are in listen only 
mode.  Later we will conduct a question and answer session.  At that time if you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Please note this conference 
is recorded.  I would now like to handover the floor to Mr. Ankit Toshniwal from Go India 
Advisors.  Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Ankit Toshniwal: 
Thank you Bharathi.  Good afternoon everybody and 
welcome to Godawari Power and Ispat Limited Earnings call to discuss the Q1FY21 
results.  We have on the call Mr. B.L. Agrawal, Managing Director; Mr. Abhishek 
Agrawal, Executive Director; Mr. Siddharth Agrawal, Non-Executive Director; Mr. Sanjay 
Bothra, CFO and Mr. Dinesh Gandhi, Director.  We must remind you that the discussion 
on today’s call may include certain forward looking statements and must be therefore 
viewed in conjunction with the risk that the Company faces.  May I now request Mr. 
Dinesh Gandhi to take us through the Company’s business outlook and financial 
highlights, subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A.  Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Thank you Ankit, good afternoon ladies and gentlemen.  I 
thank you for joining us for the earnings call of Godawari Power and Ispat Limited for 
Q1FY21 to discuss the earnings for Q1FY21.  I trust that you had looked at our earnings 
results and presentations uploaded to the exchange and to the Company’s website.  
During Q1 the company’s business has shown significant resilience and has performed 
well despite the Covid lead lockdown disruption.  The Company has followed all 
statutory guidelines to maintain health and safety of the employees across the operating 
plants and mines.  The achievement of this result would not have been possible in these 
challenging times without the support of the local government authorities and employees 
of the Company.  I will now briefly discuss some of the key highlights of the quarter.  
Pellet production at our subsidiary company Ardent Steel increased 39% YOY.  This is 
lead by statutory announcement in the last financial year from 600000 to 690000 tons 
and better operating efficiency in the plant despite the Covid lead lockdown.  Production 
and sales were overall impacted due to Covid lead disruption, however our operations 
now normalized and back to pre-Covid level.  Our current plant utilization rate across the 
plant is 90% plus.  We are also able to overcome the impact of lower domestic demand 
through higher exports sales mainly export of the iron ore pellet.  95% of our pellet 
production during Q1 was exported which helped us improve our profitability and 
maintain the operations of the company despite almost around 30 to 45 days shut down 
in all other plants, pellet plant was shut down for about three weeks in main Godawari 
Power and Ispat and Ardent Steel.  Despite lower sales and volume, the impact of 

Page 2 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
profitability was largely mitigated and we could adjust our product mix towards the high 
margin product and our EBITDA stood 4% higher quarter on quarter and just 10% lower 
on YOY basis. 
 
We continue to maintain our focus on balance sheet strengthening and deleveraging and 
have been repaying debt more than the scheduled repayment.  As of July we have 
repaid about 90 crores of debt in the current financial year against the scheduled 
repayment of 71 crores for the entire FY21.  With the debt repayment, our finance cost 
continues to trend down which is heading to the profitability and return ratios of the 
company. 
 
Some of our key priorities in the business as we have discussed in the past as well, 
continues to remain deleveraging the balance sheet and deploy the entire free cash flow 
towards the debt repayment.  Infact we in the current year with 90 crores of debt already 
repaid, we plan to repay a total about 300 crores of debt during the current year.  We 
may be able to surpass if the current business environment continues throughout the 
year.  We are yearning to become a debt free company in the next four to five years; till 
then we will not undertake any major CAPEX and we do not want to undertake.  
However, our efforts will continue towards increasing the production capacities across 
the value chain through de-bottlenecking and normal CAPEX.  We will continue to focus 
on increasing profitability by adjusting the product mix towards the higher margin 
product. High grade pellet production remains our key priority area. 
 
Before I open the floor for questions and answer, I would like to briefly discuss the 
industry scenario.  If you look at the international iron ore, prices have climbed from 
about $80 in April 20 to about $120 touching to year high.  Iron ore prices remained well 
supported despite global players returning to normal production and maintaining their 
guidance.  Demand from China continues to remain strong both for iron ore and pellet.  
GPIL being captive in its iron ore production, the profitability is well supported by the 
captive despite the increasing trend of iron ore cost in domestic market, GPIL cost is not 
increasing mainly because of the captive source of the supply.  Pellet prices, similarly on 
the lines of the iron ore, pellet prices have also reached to about $129 CIF China as we 
speak and GPIL is fully booked for its export and sales order till September 2020. 
 
The domestic pellet demand continues to rise.  We are slightly shifting our supplier 
sales….during our first quarter our major focus was on the pellet export because of the 
lower demand in domestic market, now the demand in the domestic market continues to 
be improving.  From the current month onwards we are partially diverting our sales 
towards the domestic market to meet the end requirement of the domestic consumer 
and we will continue to export the pellet to China till our high grade pellet strategy starts 
playing out.  You may be aware in Odisha there was a mine auction in the month of 
March and despite these auctions taking place due to Covid-lead lockdown, all the 
mines have not been able to restart the production which is also leading to the supply 
pressure in domestic market for the iron ore resulting into iron ore and pellet prices 
continue to remain on the increasing trend.  The steel prices across the value chain have 
also increased by about 20%, 25% over a period of last two months so that will also 
support our profitability going forward along with the pellet and finished steel prices; we 
expect to achieve much better profitability going forward in the current year subject to 
maintenance of this price level. 
 

Page 3 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
The external environment of course continues to remain challenging because of the on-
going pandemic situation.  We are keeping continuous watch over the same.  We are 
undertaking multiple strategic initiatives to make our business model resilient.  Our 
extremely integrated and highly efficient operations give us a unique edge thereby 
ensuring long-term sustainability off the business.  With this I open the floor for question 
and answer now.  Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.  If you would like to 
withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again.  First question comes 
from Niteen Dharmavat from Aurum Capital.  Please go ahead. 
 
Niteen Dharmavat: 
Thank you for the opportunity.  Sir just wanted to know what 
is the capacity utilization currently and also want to know about the high-grade 
pellet…what is the price and price difference versus the normal pellet that we were 
producing or we are producing and what is the margins we are getting in high-grade 
pellet?  Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Thank you Niteen.  As regards the plant operation, I’ve 
already said in my opening remark, all our plants across the facilities have been 
operating above 90% capacity utilization level.  So on production front we are quite 
comfortable.  As regards the high-grade facility strategy, I would request our Managing 
Director Mr. B.L. Agrawal to take on this question please? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Hello?  Dinesh Ji I will take this question.  As far as the high-
grade strategy is concerned, currently we are still manufacturing our normal pellet which 
is 63.5 basis pellet.  We still haven’t started manufacturing the high-grade pellet for the 
export market.  The high-grade export market should come into execution probably by 
starting of Q3 of this financial year.  So I would say another probably a couple of months 
or maximum three months.  So as of now we are still supplying 63.5 pellet to China.  The 
only good thing is since it is our own iron ore mining; the alumina content in our iron ore 
pellet is as low as 1.5% because of which we are getting a very good premium in the 
export market.  The premium varies from $5 to $6 at the current Chinese market level.  
So whatever premium we are getting compared to other peers in the market for export is 
mainly on the alumina side and not on the high-grade side.  High-grade pellets are still 
need to be delivered to the buyers probably that will happen in Q3 of this financial year. 
 
Niteen Dharmavat: 
Got it.  What is the current pellet price and how do you see 
the demand in the international market?  Mr. Gandhi mentioned about it, but just wanted 
the prices with regard to the pellets. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
So in terms of the international market, iron ore prices are 
hovering around 120 levels and in the pellet markets, the general market for pellet is 
around 120 to 122 levels but because we have low alumina cargo, we are getting 
numbers at 129, 130 levels.  For example, two days back we closed an export cargo to 
China at 129 CFR levels. 
 
Niteen Dharmavat: 
Wonderful got it.  Thank you so much.  If I have any further 
questions, I will come in the queue. 
 

Page 4 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Next question comes from Vikas Singh from 
Philip Capital.  Please go ahead. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Good afternoon sir. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Yes Vikas? 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir, first of all congratulations on a very good set of numbers 
during a challenging period. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Thank you. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir I just wanted to understand our mining capacity has not 
been able to reach the full utilization for quite some time.  So do we expect this year to 
reach the total 2.1 million tons or there are some problems which would keep ourselves 
from realizing the full potential of mining? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Abhishek? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
When it comes to mining side, since due to Covid, there was 
a disruption in our mining operations in both our mines.  We are trying to achieve 2.1 
million, we are confident we will be able to achieve at least 1.8 to 1.9 million tons this 
year. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
So next we will be able to achieve 2.1 million tons…? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yes, definitely. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Okay.  And sir, the second question is we see domestic our 
pellet prices also increasing; so just wanted to understand since export also has a few 
extra cost of freight and all that, is it now profitable to sell domestically or is it still 
profitable to sell in the export market and what’s the margin business? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
When it comes to export, since we are always been selling in 
advance basis, so for example as Dinesh ji rightly mentioned, we are already covered for 
exports till I would say the first half of September, but owing to the current iron ore 
market in India where there is huge shortage, so the domestic prices of pellet has gone 
up to almost 8000 level which is I would say almost at par with export levels plus or 
minus 5%.  So going forward there is a possibility we might reduce the export level and 
give some quantity in domestic market because on the domestic prices are also very, 
very high. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
So just for clarity, 8000 kind of domestic prices gives you the 
same margin which is kind of $120…$125 of export prices gives you?  Is that a correct 
assumption? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, locally you are correct 8000, but for export the last cargo 
we sold was t 129 so there the realization will be somewhere at 7700 India rate. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Okay, understood.  And sir regarding Odisha iron ore supply, 
just wanted to get your view that post monsoon when there is a possibility of most 

Page 5 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
mining coming back, how is your internal assessment when those 14 mines which are 
not producing right now…at what stage they are with respect to restart the production 
and post monsoon do you see the pellet size will again start tapering low because of 
supply coming back to the system? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Due to Covid situation the entire mining process was closed 
for three months and finally in July the new owners were able to execute the government 
formalties to take over their mines, so I would say that at least a couple of months to 
three months for them to ramp up the production to the earlier level; so I don’t think so 
the extrusion of iron ore will ease out very soon.  It will take upto another three to four 
months for the iron ore market to come back to the normal level which it was pre-Covid. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Okay sir understood.  Lastly in your presentation you had 
given that you had some de-bottlenecking in the solar power limit.  What kind of 
additional unit generation it can give us on an annualized basis? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
I will take it Abhishek or you want to take it. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Please go ahead. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Vikas, it is something like this, our generation in the last 
quarter and even in the month of July has been all time high in our solar power plant.  In 
fact there was not shut down in the solar power plant during the lockdown in India.  We 
had been able to operate the plant in full capacity and because of the initiatives which 
the company has taken, the generation improvement is already is about 5% to 7%.  In 
fact we were earlier generating about 5% to 7% lower than the…there is a software 
calculation based on the available DNI.  Now for the first time we have started crossing 
the numbers given by the technical software for transmitting the production from DNI.  
So in all likelihood this year is going to be the best year for our solar power plant.  I 
would like to further add with regard to the solar, we have continued to repay the debt in 
our solar power plant so far in the last five to three years we have repaid more than 250 
crores of debt and our debt has gone down considerably and it is around 390 crores as 
of the debt.  We have repaid the entire FY21 debt of our solar power plant.  The solar 
power plant has been operating exceedingly well and from this year onwards we are 
expecting about 7% to 10% higher generation given the DNI numbers and hope that this 
company will also become debt free gradually over a period of time. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Okay sir and sir just one last thing.  In our debt interest thing, 
since our performance has been improving significantly and the interest rate has been 
on the down trend, so have we got certain benefit as of now or we expect to get it in the 
subsequent quarters and what kind of incentive deductions….? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Yes, I got your point Vikas.  We have got some reduction in 
our interest cost in some of the lender between 50 to 75 basis points and we are 
expecting another 1 to 1-1/2% reduction across our facilities or across the three, four 
companies in the current financial year with substantial reduction in the interest cost over 
a period of last one year because under the MCLR region, MCLR gets reset at the each 
anniversary at the end of one year.  So all our renewal proposals are under process with 
the lenders and we are expecting 100 to 150 basis points reduction in our interest cost 
during the current financial year in addition to what has already been reduced.  Because 
of this our interest cost continues to trend down because of substantial repayment of 

Page 6 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
debt which we have been making out of our free cash flow.  So you can expect another 
100 to 150 basis points reduction in our debt cost during the current year. 
 
Vikas Singh: 
Understood sir.  Thank you and all the best for the future. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have a question 
please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Next question comes from Yogansh 
Jeswani from Mittall Analytics.  Please go ahead. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity.  Sir a couple of questions 
on the export side; can you please help me share the breakup of pellet exports from 
Chhattisgarh and Odisha plant?  How much did we do from each of these? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
In fact Chhattisgarh we have given numbers in our earning 
presentation, the entire shipment…almost 95% is to the export market during the Q1.  
July also it is entirely to the export market.  It is only in the month of August we are 
expecting supply of some quantities from this month onwards in the local market.  So 
that is what the break up is.  Regards our subsidiary company in Odisha, during the first 
quarter, uptil at least the end of May the major supply was in the export market and after 
that some supplies have resumed in the domestic market to the local clients who have 
been regularly procuring from us. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Right.  I see on the presentation that pellet GPIL export was 
3,61,000 and from Ardent it was 1,80,000.  So Ardent’s 1.80 is mostly export? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Yeah almost 70% is export and 20%, 25% is domestic.  In 
fact what happens, in Odisha, the entire domestic market pricing also runs with the 
export parity frankly.  So it loaded into rake level, but in Chhattisgarh when we started 
the plant the realizations were much lower and demand was not there.  So we had to 
entirely depend on the export market and in fact when we reached back operations in 
the month of April, China started looking up; so that is what supported our profitability 
and our operations during the first quarter and now the domestic demand is resuming so 
we are shifting our strategies towards domestic and exports which we have been doing 
in the past. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Right that’s really helpful in fact that was my follow up.  So 
Ardent since it’s in Odisha and it is near to the port, export does play a bigger role there 
but so far in the past we have never been able to export pellets from the Chhattisgarh 
plant, correct me if I am wrong, but I think this year we have been able to and thanks to 
the realization that we have got.  So…. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
No, not this year.  In fact we have moved our strategy in the 
export market about two years ago and with this low alumina we are now able to 
compete with the Odisha player so far as the export of the pellet is concerned.  Earlier 
what used to be there was, the logistic cost differentials would be there.  Now, we have 
devised our logistics and our arrangement in such a manner and with additional $5, $6 
per ton realization, from the low alumina product which we are making it is infact helpful 
to export the pellet from Chhattisgarh as well.  So if you see my earnings presentation, 
last year also we exported considerable quantity in the export market. 

Page 7 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Right.  I wanted to understand till what export level…till what 
export realization does our exports on the Chhattisgarh plants are viable?  Can you 
share that? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
What happens is, our export and domestic market the 
strategy depends upon the demand-supply in the various markets but our ultimate aim is 
that our ex-plant realization should always be healthy; so that we achieve through 
domestic and international market.  Maximum realization loaded into the rake level, net 
earning cost to us excluding freight for export. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
So what I am trying to understand is, what price in export 
market…I agree with the demand-supply scenario between the domestic and the export.  
Just to get a sense to what price in the export markets are pellet exports from the 
Chhattisgarh plants viable.  Can you share that exact realization or part under that? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
So to check about the number, exporting from Chhattisgarh 
market to China even at 100 levels also we are making a profit.  So we are making 
money on that.  So when we started exporting in April, the numbers are as good as 100, 
105 which now has reached to 120 level.  Last year also if you see the market, China 
went upto 130, 135 and they were as low as 100.  So we have been exporting in all 
market conditions, the only reason is, I am the only player in India is giving low alumina 
pellet where alumina content is 1.5% max.  Apart from me, every player in India, the 
alumina is as high as 2.5%, 3% except KICL which imports its iron ore basis of what you 
can get alumina.  I would say that Godawari itself is a kind of brand in China when it 
comes to low alumina pellet.  So my pellets are always in demand in Chinese market. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Understood sir.  Sir one question on the Ardent steel, so in 
the quarter we have been able to produce around 1.85 lakhs; and if we extrapolate that it 
goes well beyond our approved capacity, so is it like we still have room to grow more but 
we don’t have the environmental clearance to go beyond 6,90,000 or this is somehow 
we have managed through efficiency and we can still operate about 6.9 million on the 
Ardent plan sir? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
There are two reasons.  One is there was no shut down in 
the plant during the quarter and that’s why the percent is on the higher side and 
secondly we have already applied for enhancement of EC from 0.7 million to 0.8 million 
which we are hoping we should get by the end of this year but the main reason at this 
level was there was no shut down in the plant.  For example in this quarter we had taken 
a shutdown of 15 days in the month of August.  So if you compare the numbers of Q2 it 
would be eventually less than Q1.  We know this will happen.  So overall when you 
compare on production basis has to be on an annualized basis not on a quarter basis. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Fair enough sir.  And sir the last question will be on what is 
the status of Jagdama merger?  Where are we on that sir? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
I will take that Abhishek? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yes, please. 
 

Page 8 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
So in regard to the Jagdama merger, we have received all 
the approvals especially the production days’ approval has been received but we have 
not been able to file the papers to the NCLT, because our NCLT falls in Cuttack in 
Odisha and as of now no applications are being accepted there because of the Covid, 
the NCLT has not been working and they have got a lot of pending applications.  I am 
told that they are switching to the online system for filing the applications which will also 
be up and running in a few days and then we will be able to file there and after that the 
shareholder’s approval and other approvals will be obtained. 
 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
That’s good to hear sir.  I will get back in the queue for any 
follow up sir.  Best of luck.  Thank you sir. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  And dear participants, please 
press * and 1 once for any questions to be asked and if pressed twice, the question will 
be withdrawn from the queue. 
 
The next question comes from Mr. AM Lodha from Sanmati Consultants.  Please go 
ahead.   
 
AM Lodha: 
Hello?  Am I audible sir? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Yes, yes. 
 
AM Lodha: 
Good morning sir.  Thanks for the opportunity.  And I 
congratulate the management for the excellent set of numbers even in the given 
circumstances, sir.  I have two questions sir.  One is regarding iron ore requirement.  I 
just wanted to know sir, whether the company is presently fully using its own iron ore 
mines and not buying anything from the market. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Sir, I would say the company has been using almost I would 
say 85% of its iron ore resources and only buying 15%. 
 
AM Lodha: 
How much sir? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
85%.  85%.   
 
AM Lodha: 
Okay sir, okay sir.  And 15% buying from the market? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yeah, because we are buying a typical quality iron ore from 
the market, so that is the reason we have been giving that 15% in the charge from 
alumina. 
 
AM Lodha: 
Then in that case what would be the blended cost for the 
company sir? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
The blended cost for the company as of now it is around 
2550.  2550.  
 

Page 9 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
AM Lodha: 
Okay sir.  My second question is sir, what is the present 
capacity of the Beneficiation Plant which we have got the approval for the environmental 
clearance, what is the capacity of that plant sir? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Currently we are operating our Beneficiation Plant of 1 
million on an annual basis, 1 million throughput.   
 
AM Lodha: 
1 million, then when we can expect additional Beneficiation 
Plant approval and what will be the capacity for the company sir? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
So, the public hearing is already being conducted and we 
are hopeful that we will get the additional capacity from the Ministry of Environment by 
end of Q3 at the maximum.  And once we get the permission, then maybe then we will 
enhance the capacity. 
 
AM Lodha: 
Another question, last question sir, we are having presently 
iron ore mines at Chhattisgarh, just I wanted to know up to what period benefits of the 
mines are there sir? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
2049.   
 
AM Lodha: 
2049? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Sorry, 2059. 
 
AM Lodha: 
2059.  Thank you sir.  Thanks a lot sir.  That is all sir.  If 
anything, I may join the queue.  Thank you very much sir. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.   
 
The next question comes from Mr. Ayush Mittal from MAPL Value Investing Fund.  
Please go ahead.   
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Good afternoon sir. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Yeah, good afternoon. 
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Am I audible? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Yeah, yeah. 
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Firstly, congratulations to the team for a good performance in 
these times.  Sir, I wanted to understand a longer term thought process for the company 
in terms of reducing the volatility that we see due to the volatile pellet prices.  As 
compared to others, we are more sensitive to pellet prices.  And whenever they fall, the 
numbers get affected much more and similarly they improve in good times.  Is there 
some way by which we can reduce this volatility? 
 

Page 10 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Abhishek, I am taking this question.  If you see my last three 
years numbers, you would be surprised to note that my volatility, I know you can see in 
the market there is a considerable volatility running between Rs.6000 to Rs.8000 pellet 
price over the last three years which you have been observing from time to time 
depending upon the demand-supply situation in the domestic and international price.  
But, if you see the GPIL performance and the quarterly or annualized realization, 
because the realization depends upon each day sales, purchases and sales etc. and 
you keep on selling the product.  So, say today the prices are at about 7800 and at the 
beginning of say, third week of April the prices were close to about Rs.5900-Rs.6000 per 
ton in the local market, now we have been continuously selling the product in the market.  
And we always keep order for about a month or so.  So, our average realization is 
ranging between 6000 to 6500 or maximum 6700 in the last three years.  And our 
performance has been more resilient because of the pellets.  And the volatility which we 
have been observing in our business or the profitability is mainly because of the 
fluctuations in the finished steel, right from sponge iron to finished steel prices.  If you 
analyze my numbers, you will be noticing that my volatility is increasing and my 75% of 
the profitability or rather I would say 65% to 70% is coming from the pellet business 
alone.  And about 10% to 15%, I am talking about it in EBITDA level.  And if you see the 
numbers for our subsidiary company in Odisha, which is a pure pellet play, you will note 
that this company has been consistently performing closer to about 90 crores of the 
EBITDA for the last three years.  So, that will tell you how the GPIL performance is 
driving this volatility.  In the month of June quarter, we sold sponge iron at an average 
price of 15000 to 15500.  Currently the prices are at about Rs.20000 or so.  Similarly, 
billet price is going down to about 26000, which has increased to 30000.  So, more 
volatility is there rather than the pellet business.  The pellet business is more resilient.  
You will see the pellet prices slightly trending higher, when there is a higher demand 
from China and some demand when the Chinese demand goes down.  And we see this 
pricing this year is more, it will be more resilient because now currently these are 
monsoon days, there is a supply shortage in the domestic market and as the Chinese 
winter has an impact, China will reduce purchase of iron ore and start buying the pellet.  
So, the point which I am trying to make is that don’t say that pellet business is the 
volatile business.  It is more than steel business which is about 20%-25% of my overall 
EBITDA.  It is volatile and that is where we are maximum affected.  I won’t say that in 
pellet also our profitability is consistent.  There is some amount of volatility, but not to the 
extent of your steel business.   
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Sir, I agree with your point that you are conveying that pellet 
has been better than the other steel products.  At the same time, what we see is that 
when pellet falls to say, 5000 levels or maybe 5500 levels, that is where the worry starts.  
And basically what I am sir trying to also understand is that, is there a way that given our 
input prices are broadly fixed as we have our own mines, do we plan to get into longer 
term contracts or do something to have a more stronger visibility for the next six months 
or one year or maybe hedging on the international exchange? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
That we are targeting through the high-grade pellet.  That will 
be there, because that is how that product range is in the international market.  And 
once the high-grade strategy starts playing out, that time we would be entering some 
kind of long term or medium term contract.  Because, in high-grade the contracts are 
linked to the exchange prices there also, but it is on an yearly contract basis.   
 

Page 11 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Got it.  Got it.  And in the high-grade the delta is at least 15-
20 dollars to the base line? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
To be higher, to be higher than what we are getting 
presently. 
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay.  And given that this time also seeing a bit of a delay 
from your side, like now you are saying we will do high-grade in Q3, while earlier I think it 
was in August or September and there have been delays from before.  What is causing 
this delay? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
It is because of the international market conditions.  We are 
ready with our Beneficiation Plant for 1 million ton.  And it is the international market.  
Now, you see what is the position in Europe because of this pandemic, so everything is 
getting delayed and delayed because of that reason.  But, so far as the facilities are 
concerned, we are ready for that.  We are awaiting an opportunity in the international 
market to enter that market now.   
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Got it.  Got it.  Sir, I had one important suggestion to make, 
when I look at your numbers.   
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
It is always welcome.  It is always welcome.   
 
Ayush Mittal: 
The Company has done much better than any of the peers.  
But, one thing that everyone worries is, one of the subsidiaries that we have is Godawari 
Green Power, because of which we have a very high debt and the return ratios are also 
impacted.  Why don’t we look to demerge this company, now that we are self sufficient 
and the loan has reduced, this will massively improve the balance sheet that Godawari 
Power is having currently and the risk profile will also reduce substantially. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Okay.  I think I have been addressing this question almost 
for the last four-five years.  And I have been making a statement that this business, 
which people have always been feeling that has been a drag on the earning, of course 
on the ROE basis, it may look like a drag on the earning currently.  But, so far as the 
debt repayment is concerned, it is operating consistently with the variation of 5% to 10% 
in this profitability and earning, EBITDA and that too primarily because of the natural 
factors like the DNI.  Other than that, everything is in control in that company.  That 
company has been never dependent on GPIL for its repayment.  It has been performing 
from the day one.  After the initial capital was invested, we have not infused any money.  
Our aim is to monetize this investment.  Unfortunately, because of the CSP technology 
and this technology, nobody is putting up a plant on this CSP technology now, because 
of the higher cost of equipment, there is no interest in acquiring this business.  Now, so 
far as the demerger is concerned, there are technical difficulties which we are facing is 
something like a subsidiary cannot be demerged.  If there is premium undertaking, a 
decision of GPIL, then it would have been easier to demerge it into a separate company 
and list it separately.  But, as this company repays debt, its profitability is increasing 
every year, you will see last year also we had some one-time expenditure for shifting of 
some pipe line and some litigation cost that has gone finally in our favor.  Other than that 
company will start making good amount of profit as our interest cost annually goes down 
there also.  And it will start throwing a good amount of return on equity maybe after two-
three years or so.  But till then, yes, but this company and if you take my consolidated 

Page 12 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
debt, the debt of this company is not more than about 25% to 27% of my consolidated 
debt.   
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Yeah, got it. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
So, this will rather cushion the profitability going forward in 
GPIL, because it is a consistent revenue generator, like in annuity business.  The only 
thing is because of debt, you are not able to see any return there currently.  And our 
strategy plays out from the current year, this itself will start throwing 10 crores to 12 
crores of additional profitability in that company.  And 3 crores to 4 crores of interest cost 
is going down annually.  So, this will start throwing the return on equity now.  So, while 
we continue to monetizing this investment, and given an opportunity we can demerge 
also.  But, otherwise this will not be a drag on the earnings of GPIL, this is all I have to 
say on this. 
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Sir, I got your point.  My only contention is that we are doing 
quite well for the last three-four years, but that doesn’t get reflected maybe because of 
the overall high debt and depressing of the numbers because of the subsidiary; but, 
point well taken that being a subsidiary, maybe it is technically not possible. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
And if you see right from 2010, when GPIL started this pellet 
business, pellet has been the more resilient business in GPIL with captive mining rather 
than the finished steel or any other thing.  I would just like a minute on this, if you see 
many steel companies, especially the mid-size steel companies, after 2015-2016, they 
failed miserably.  And most of them have gone to the door of NCLT.  During that time 
also GPIL profitability was resilient and one of the best among the peers.  And this is all 
thanks to the pellet business.  And the pellet is of course, we have 2.8 million ton and 
that is a sizable capacity.   
 
Ayush Mittal: 
Got your point sir.  Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Pritesh 
Chheda from Lucky investment Managers.  Please go ahead.   
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, just confirming our complex can produce about 2½ 
million tons of pellets and about ½ a million ton of steel.  And we tend to sell 2 million 
tons pellets outside and residual we convert into steel and sell, right? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Right. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And lastly sir, this complex of 2½ million tons plus ½ a million 
ton of steel, what would be the replacement cost of this complex, if one has to construct 
it? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Hello?  Can you please repeat that? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Do you have any idea what would be the replacement cost of 
this set up? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Can you please come again with the question please?  So 
sorry. 

Page 13 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I said what would be the replacement cost of this setup 
which we have created of 2½ million tons pellet and ½ a million ton of steel, which we 
have created alongside the support power infrastructure, if any?   
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
I would say probably 2500 crores, 2500 crores.   
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay.  And lastly what I have been hearing throughout the 
call is, at 120 to 130 dollars of pellet realization, which was about, let’s say about, 
converts into about Rs.8000-Rs.8500 or more than that and which was about Rs.6000 
that I see for the last two years consistently and I am seeing from your presentation.  
And you being a captive iron ore utilizer largely, so this incremental Rs.2-Rs.2½ per kg 
or Rs.2000-Rs.2500 per ton should translate into your EBITDA or there is any other top 
line? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, what we said, I quickly agree with it, actually it will come 
down to 2 to 2½ of EBITDA at the pellet level, definitely. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
At the pellet level, right? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yes, yes, definitely. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay.  And via debottlenecking, which you have initially 
mentioned that you are not going to spend CAPEX, but whatever debottlenecking etc. 
you will do minor CAPEX, what kind of capacities can you add or what kind of value 
addition capacities can you add? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
It may be concerned on the operation side.  For example, the 
steel making capacity which we are running right now, in the market the furnace they are 
using are very old, probably ten years old.  The furnace which are available in the 
market are highly power efficient, where you can easily save almost 100 units of power 
per ton of steel making.  But then they require a certain CAPEX, they require certain 
production loss.  So, all those things we need to evaluate before taking any decisions.  
Because, the technology is evolving every day, so every day a new thing comes up 
which can help in your production numbers.  But, it has a cost, it has a time and 
eventually it actually has a ROI.  So, we will only take a call on any kind of CAPEX 
depending on the situation.  But, currently we are very focused on making this company 
debt free by the next four to five years.   
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay.  So, there is no interim debottlenecking CAPEX which 
you are thinking of for the next two years at least. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, not right now.  That we did not plan as of now. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Which will add capacity over and above the 2½ pellet and 
half a million ton steel that we have? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
No, we are not at the moment.  We are not. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay, perfect sir.  Thank you very much sir.  All the best.  
Thank you.  

Page 14 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Anurag 
Patil from Roha Asset Managers.  Please go ahead. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity sir.  So, what kind of volume 
we can expect in high-grade pellets segment in Q3 and Q4, any target we have set?   
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
For the high-grade, I will tell you.  Technically we are ready.  
But, owing to the Covid situation and how the bad, the demand in Europe is especially 
and Middle East where all the high-grade capacity is being consumed, so depending on 
the market how it evolves, based on that only we will be able to take a call, at what price 
and when we want to start the supply of high-grade.  For example, when we started this 
project of high-grade two years back, the premiums which the buyers were willing to give 
was as high as 60 dollars, over and above the iron ore pricing.  Those premiums have 
come down to almost 25 dollar level.  So, you can see almost a reduction of almost one-
third from the premium level and the quality is still same.  Vale is still supplying the same 
quality pellet to the same buyers, but the value of that product has gone down by almost 
30%.  So, we can only take a decision based on the market, how it evolves going into 
the future.  But, technically we are ready to supply high-grade in the market. 
 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay sir.  And any further debt repayment we are planning 
this year? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
We have already said in our opening remarks, we have 
already repaid 90 crores so far in the current year.  And we aim to repay total 300 
crores, including this 90 crores.  So, additional 210 crores we are definitely targeting to 
repay in the current year.  And it could be higher if the pellet prices continues to sustain, 
say throughout the year, then the repayment will be substantially higher from here.   
 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Parthiv 
Shah from Tracom Stock Brokers.  Please go ahead.  
 
Parthiv Shah: 
Firstly, congratulations for a decent set of numbers and most 
importantly for further reducing the debt.  Sir, I understand from your comments that you 
have bookings till September and I just want to get a sense, what is the approximate 
price realization that we have fetched in these bookings along with some domestic 
orders that you would have taken? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Hello?  Bothra-ji, you have data? 
 
Sanjay Bothra: 
Yes.  Currently we have orders about 40 odd thousand for 
local market at around Rs.6800 to Rs.7000.  Hello? 
 
Parthiv Shah: 
Yes sir, okay.  
 
Sanjay Bothra: 
And for export market, we have one pending cargo at 120 
dollars and one in September at 129 dollars. 
 

Page 15 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
Parthiv Shah: 
And sir, I had attended one of the concalls of one of your 
peers in Siltara and they have sold 50% of the iron ore from the domestic market.  So, 
as I understand that they will be getting advantage of their pellets by around Rs.1000-
Rs.1500 per ton.  But then that 50% component of their outside sourcing of iron ore is 
also increased by about Rs.1000 to Rs.1200.  In our case as I understand, as we are 
sourcing only 15% ore from outside, is it safe to assume that our cost of production in 
pellet is relatively more stable and it has not gone up substantially because of our 
captive sourcing.  Are there any other cost components in your pellet manufacturing 
which will take the cost higher off late? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Totally, totally ,whatever you said I totally agree with it.  So, 
our cost component would be comparatively lesser than my peer, because 85% of the 
iron ore is coming from my own iron ore mines, where the cost is relatively stable.   
 
Parthiv Shah: 
And I think that is the reason why over the last three years, if 
I see your trend of pellets, despite the fact that the pellet prices have been very volatile, 
but you are still maintaining a very healthy EBITDA margin, anywhere between 18% to 
25%, is that correct? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yes, I totally agree. 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Yes, that is correct.  Abhishek, I am just answering this part.  
The point is that, even Mr. Bothra said that, our current order position is Rs.6800 a ton, 
some quantities are there.  Now, as you keep on selling the product throughout the year 
and price on being volatile, so at some point of time, your average realization which 
comes under your profitability and not the absolute realization which is today, say, 
Rs.8000 a ton, so the prices keep going some up and some down.  And you can’t realize 
the entire part throughout the year.  So, and therefore this average will always be 6000 
to 6000 plus in the entire year.  And that is what is making our profitability resilient.   
 
Parthiv Shah: 
Sir, in one of the past conference calls, the MD sir, BL 
Agrawal, I think he had mentioned that because of the Odisha auction, where the 
premiums have run above 100%, based on the IBM prices; Godawari will always have 
around Rs.1000 per ton advantage in its own captive ore, because we do not have such 
auctions.  Sir, based on the current IBM price trend, are we realizing that Rs.1000 or is it 
higher or what is the trend in that sir?  And how sustainable it seems right now? 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Rs.1000 is what we have been regularly getting.  Anything 
beyond that will be extra.  Abhishek, you take this question.   
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Hello? 
 
Parthiv Shah: 
Yes, I can hear. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Can you hear me please? 
 
Parthiv Shah: 
Yeah, I can hear you Abhishek.  
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
So, can you repeat the question? 
 

Page 16 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
Parthiv Shah: 
Yeah, I will repeat the question. Yeah, I will repeat the 
question.  In one of the past conference calls, our MD sir, Mr. BL Agrawal, he did 
mention that because in Odisha, the bidders have paid a huge premium of around 100% 
over the IBM price.  So, that will always be a perpetual advantage to companies like 
Godawari, who are mining without paying any premium to the tune and the benefit works 
out to the tune of around Rs.1000 per ton in the landed cost of iron ore.  So, that is 
perpetual as my understanding goes, irrespective of the IBM prices.   
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
I would say, more than that you are right, but I would like to 
repeat here is that in Odisha the mining cost, because the mining have been very big 
and the stripping ratio is 1:1, so in Odisha the mining cost is very, very less compared to 
my own mines.  But yeah, overall scenario if anybody is having a captive mine without 
paying a premium, they will always have a cost advantage or at least I would say, not 
less than 20 dollars, going forward because of the high premium which the new miners 
have paid in Odisha to buy the mines.   
 
Parthiv Shah: 
Fair enough sir.  Thank you so much sir.  That answers all 
my questions. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yeah, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Utsav 
Chhawchharia from A and R International.  Please go ahead.   
 
Utsav Chhawchharia: 
Hi.  I just had some confusion regarding our raw material 
prices.  I wanted to understand what determines our iron ore, captive iron ore prices, the 
cost of the raw material please? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
So, I would say on an annualized basis, our iron ore, our 
own captive mines iron ore landing cost is somewhere around Rs.2200-Rs.2300 per ton, 
landed to my plant from my mines.   
 
Utsav Chhawchharia: 
Okay.  That is fixed or is that something dependent on some 
other factors? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
You can say, you can add more or less 5%, because the 
royalty keeps on changing every month based on the IBM price, apart from that more or 
less the costs are fixed.   
 
Utsav Chhawchharia: 
Okay.  So, I can say that this cost is going to be fixed until 
the expiry of the lease which is in 2059? 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Yeah.  But, of course there are certain external factors 
depending on the volume, the regional prices, for me the transportation is there, but you 
can say, yeah, more or less, maximum on the side, the fixed rate is 10%, it is not 5%, on 
the high side.   
 
Utsav Chhawchharia: 
Okay, alright.  Thank you.   
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  That was the last question for the day.  Now, 
I hand over the floor to Mr. Dinesh Gandhi for the closing comments. 

Page 17 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Godawari Power & Ispat Limited 
 
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Good afternoon friends again.  I thank you very much on 
behalf of the management of Godawari Power & Ispat for participating in this concall.  
And we would be happy to answer the questions, if any left unanswered.  And you can 
always reach us directly or to our investors Relations Company and we would be happy 
to answer all the questions.  Thank you very much.  With this, I conclude the call.  Thank 
you very much.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.   
 
Dinesh Gandhi: 
Thank you.  Thank you Bharathi.  Thank you everybody. 
 
Abhishek Agrawal: 
Thank you.  Thank you so much.  Thank you everybody. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you all.  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your 
conference call for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha’s 
conference call service.  You may disconnect your lines now.  Thank you and have a 
pleasant evening.   
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1.This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
