                              
       
 
 
 
 
 
 August 01, 2020 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
 Re: Transcripts - Tejas Networks Limited Q1 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q1 FY21 Earnings Conference Call held on          
July 27, 2020. 
 The same is also made available on the website of the Company at www.tejasnetworks.com. 
 This is for your kind information and record. 
 
 Thanking you,  
 
 Yours sincerely  
 For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 
 N R Ravikrishnan 
 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer  
 & Company Secretary 

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Tejas Networks Limited 
Q1 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 27, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SANTOSH SINHA – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY NAYAK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. ARNOB ROY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER & 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR - TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESH GADIYAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
DR. KUMAR N. SIVARAJAN – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tejas Networks Limited Q1 FY2021 
earnings conference call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Santosh Sinha 
from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Santosh Sinha: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone on behalf of Axis Capital I welcome all the participants 
to the conference call. Today, we have with us from Mr. Sanjay Nayak, Chief Executive 
Officer & Managing Director of Tejas Networks Limited, Mr. Arnob Roy – Chief 
Operating Officer and Whole-Time Director, Mr. Venkatesh Gadiyar, CFO of the company 
and Dr. Kumar N. Sivarajan, CTO of the company. We will start with the overview of the 
company’s performance for Q1 FY2021 and then we can switch over to Q&A. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you and welcome everybody to the Tejas Networks earnings call. First of all I hope 
everybody is safe and doing well and healthy at home or wherever you are joining the call 
and secondly I also wanted to let you know that it is a very proud moment for us that this 
year we have completed 20 years of our existence so I wanted to take this opportunity to 
thank all the investors who have been part of our journey. I hope you had a chance to 
download the presentation that we have put up on our website for the Q1 I am going to be 
using that as a cue during the conversation today. 
 
Let me start off with the first slide in terms of Q1 FY2021 the key updates, in terms of 
financials our net revenues, net of taxes and net of component sales was 77.4 Crores which 
was at a year-on-year decrease of 50.6%, although if you take Q4 revenues it was an 
increase of 47%. We had a loss of 9.8 Crores from operating cash flow perspective we had a 
10 Crores of cash flow positive for the quarter. 
 
As you know we are a debt free company and our cash and cash equivalents are at 272 
Crores. During the quarter we had a good order inflow of 188 Crores as a result of which 
the orders in hand is now 593 Crores which is the best order book that we had in the last 
eight quarters, an approximately 35% of this 593 Crores should be executable in the rest of 
this year. 
 
In terms of the revenue profile international revenues contributed to 53% of the total 
although the total revenue base was smaller but international was the larger portion of the 
revenue for the quarter. In terms of  sales update our Q1 revenues were impacted adversely 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 3 of 24 
because of lockdown restrictions on account of COVID-19 as you know April and May two 
months were almost a washout in Bengaluru and probably most other parts of India so we 
had customer’s orders we could not ship them because many orders are dependent on 
customer acceptance and the customers could not come to the factory for doing customer 
acceptance because of travel and other restrictions and we of course had customs issues or 
logistic issues as well so net-net I think there was a shortfall in terms of the shipments that 
we could not make despite having the orders in hand. 
 
In terms of the profile of business, the India’s government business revenues were weak, 
year-on-year decline of 52% compared to Q1 of last year. There were no real revenues from 
BSNL/BharatNet during the quarter because the projects are not yet operating at full steam. 
The revenues from the critical infrastructure segment were low, but the new order inflow 
was very strong and I will talk about that a little bit later as well. 
 
In terms of India Private the revenues declined 76% year-on-year again due to the same 
challenges that the shipments were deferred due to lockdowns both at our end plus in many 
situations our customers godowns to wherever they take the inbound of the equipment did 
not happen because they themselves were having challenges in rolling out new networks so 
that again impacted some of the revenues for the orders that were in hand. 
 
On the positive side, we are happy that we have won home broadband on GPON with two 
Tier-1 operators in the country this is the rate contract that we have signed we have been 
selected. We expect that starting from second half of the year we should see revenues 
coming in from these two applications and this could be a multiyear kind of situation for us. 
 
The international business side was strong so even on an absolute basis we had a 52% year-
on-year increase and another thing which was very interesting for us that from three 
different geographies we had orders worth more than a million dollars each two of them are 
existing customers in Africa and Asia and one was a new customer. In addition, we also had 
three customer wins South East Asia and three in Middle East and Africa. If we see the run 
rate business which is India Private plus International about 86% of total and the tender 
driven business was only about 14%. On an overall basis there is a lot happening post 
COVID-19 both in terms of increased demand for bandwidth and of course the new 
geopolitical environment which is emerging both in India and internationally so we believe 
that it is opening up a lot of opportunities for us which I will again talk about in the next 
few slides. 
 
Let me now handover to Venkatesh, our CFO, who would walk us through the next two 
slides in terms of more financial details after which I will again take back the conversation. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 4 of 24 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
Thank you, Sanjay. Good evening everyone. The financial update, net revenues for Q1 were 
77.4 Crores saw a decline of about 50.6%; however, sequentially up by 47%, EBIT loss of 
13.2 Crores year-on-year decline of 299.4% I would like to highlight one thing here that the 
cost of materials were reduced to 44% of the revenues during the quarter compared to 58% 
for Q1 of the last year. This improvement primarily came from international revenues. The 
lower revenues resulted in the PBT loss since majority of the cost other than the material 
cost are linked to the manpower and are quasi fixed and overall costs are under control; 
however, the operating expenses reduced by 19% on a year-on-year basis, we had a PBT 
loss and PAT loss of 9.8 Crores with a year-on-year reduction of 195.6% and 266.8% 
respectively. The EPS was negative Rs. 1.06 per share. 
 
Key financial indicators, during the quarter we had a positive cash flow from operations of 
Rs.10 Crores. The inventory decreased by 14 Crores to 238 Crores, based on the orders in 
hand we expect to consume a large part of the existing inventory over the next few quarters. 
Trade receivables reduced by a 20 Crores from 456 Crores to 436 Crores. In Q1 we had 
collected 103 Crores from the customers. Some delays from the customers were there due to 
the COVID-19 issues. BSNL, BharatNet collections continued to get delayed, on the 
BharatNet outstanding excluding the retention of about 70 Crores about 110 Crores of 
amount is overdue which is expected to be collected in this financial year. 
 
The DSOs and inventory days have been increased due to the lower LTM revenues however 
from absolute numbers they have been reduced from Q4 to Q1 level and expected to bring 
down the DSO and inventory during the coming quarters of the financial year. Despite 
payable reduced by 14 Crores, our working capital has been reduced by 9 Crores in Q1. By 
making use of the existing inventory and the expected collections we will continue to 
improve our working capital during the financially ear. Our cash position decreased by 8.5 
Crores in Q1 and we expect the cash position to improve on a quarterly basis during the rest 
of the financial year. 
 
We continue to be a debt free company and our cash and equivalents including bank 
deposits and investments in liquid mutual fund amounting to Rs. 272 Crores as of June 30, 
2020. We managed our working capital well despite seeing certain payment delays from 
customers due to COVID-19 situation. While the uncertainty due to economic impact of 
COVID situation remains, financially we are well positioned to invest and benefit from the 
opportunities in front of us. With this, I will hand over to Sanjay once again. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you Venkatesh. I am on the slide on the COVID-19 update on our business. As 
Venkatesh said and I am sure all of us understand that from a short-term point of view there 
is definitely going to be impact which is a little bit unpredictable because of the COVID 
situation and the economic impact we have, but from a business continuity point of view I 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 5 of 24 
am very happy to report that we were able to continually support all our customers 
worldwide and we could maintain their network uptime of more than 99.999%. So I think 
this was something which our customer support team has been exceptional at. Secondly 
because of lockdown and travel restrictions as I mentioned earlier we had an impact on 
operations both from customers not being able to come to our factory for factory 
acceptance, outbound logistics challenges, delays at customs and of course the delays from 
customer’s perspective asking us not to ship out the material because their inbound and 
godowns are not open to accept shipments, so all that impact happened in Q1. In terms of 
our employee productivity, I am again very happy to report that very quickly we were able 
to implement work from home for majority of employees and they have been working very 
productively and for those people who need to come to the office as well as the factories we 
have done everything possible in terms of safety measures ,social distancing and all the 
health and other best practices that we have learned and so we have been able to manage 
our factory operations as much as we require as well hardware and other labs being fully 
operational to support rest of the company. In summary on the business continuity side we 
do not see any challenges or issues.  
 
Second thing I would like to point out is that among the few industries in the world which 
because of the COVID would see hopefully a positive impact, telecom is one of those and 
clearly telecom networks have been proved to be mission critical, data traffic has seen a 
significant increase around the world with work from home, learn from home, video 
entertainment and everything else probably. One of the points I was trying to make is that 
the telecom networks have proven to be mission-critical. There is a sharp rise in data traffic 
and clearly capacities are choking and customers really want fiber-based broadband at home 
because when you have your kids doing online classes and you doing Zoom calls or other 
video calls all the day the mobile broadband is not good enough that is the second thing we 
are seeing. 
 
Third is that the operators in India and other parts of the world have figured out that home 
broadband connectivity is a much higher ARPU business than mobile broadband 
connectivity, where the margins are getting a little bit tight and that is why people are very 
keen to upgrade the network capacities both for home broadband as well as metro networks. 
So what we are seeing really is an increase in order from our existing customers so this is a 
trend which is becoming clear at least after the first quarter from the existing customers we 
are getting more orders we are getting higher share of their wallet especially in the case of  
home broadband on XPON which is GPON and GPON kind of technologies and for metro 
optical which is basically pooling together of all the higher bandwidth network in metros 
and cities and so on but this is one area where we are seeing a lot more business coming. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 6 of 24 
 
Fiberization will continue as telcos invest in increasing their wire line broadband 
infrastructure and also augment the rise in capacity of their 4G and upcoming 5G networks 
so the part of the business that we cater to is something that there will be an increased 
spending by the operators. On the other side, we are also seeing a trend that internationally 
because in India we know all the customers and they know us but internationally whichever 
customers we are already there we are seeing a very strong business inflow but new 
customers acquisition is becoming a little bit delayed because of travel restrictions. We are 
not able to complete lab demos and field travel especially for larger customers who would 
definitely insist on that process. Some of the customers are preferring to maintain status quo 
from their suppliers during the COVID time they do not necessarily want to introduce a 
new vendor; however, I must tell you that our sales team and all of us in senior management 
have actually been able to reach out to almost all our customers including the potential and 
new ones via webinars, virtual meetings. We really figured out a very good way to engage 
with the customers and we have even set up a remote lab demo and so on and so forth. So 
everything that we can do for winning new customers internationally is happening but there 
is clearly a trend that the new customer orders may get delayed whereas from the existing 
customers we can get more business. 
 
Coming to the next slide about the revenue segmentation so if you see the chart on the left 
hand side is the annualized version of how our revenue was in FY2020 where we saw India 
government was around 15%, India Private was 52% and International between direct and 
OEMs because OEMs now becoming very small is around 33%. If I take the Q1 numbers, 
international is 52%, India Private is around 33%, Government is 14% and between 
government all of it is almost critical infrastructure because as I said we did not have any 
business from BSNL/BBNL in Q1. Not that we lost anything but nothing really happened. 
So net-net our focus continues to be getting international and India Private to be a larger 
portion of revenues going forward. Of course Q1 was a small quarter but as the year 
progresses we do expect that both these segments will continue to grow healthily. 
 
Coming to the next slide in terms of the two segments both India and International, I will 
just dive down into both of them. In India business government accounts BSNL and Bharat 
Net Fiber to take that as a bucket, government has clearly announced plans to increase 
BharatNet coverage from 125000 villages to 250000 villages by end of March and provide 
50000 broadband connections to villages.  
 
Government of India has also figured out that during COVID times digital connectivity to 
villages was really a way for them to implement a lot more of the schemes that they have 
talked about of reaching to the poor and everything else so this is something which isa high 
priority project. In terms of the BSNL the financial package has been approved by the 
government and under that package they have to rollout a new pan-India 4G network this 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 7 of 24 
will again present us opportunities for tenders in upgrading the optical backbone or 
backhaul as well as the 4G radio network on the wireless side. We are closely watching how 
those tenders are progressing and once those tenders come to a fruition state we will have 
better play on that. In terms of state-led BharatNet projects Telangana project our system 
integration partners had won it. We have started to get the orders from them in this quarter 
and the last quarter and some orders should come this quarter. Another state BharatNet 
project which is at a tendering stage is Tamil Nadu that is again where we will be bidding 
for the equipment portion which is reasonably large in that tender as well. 
 
In terms of critical infrastructure, Oil and Gas, Defense, Smart Cities, Railways, and all that 
this is a segment which is doing extremely well for us. We received new orders for a large 
defense network from a system integration partner. We also received orders for smart city 
and other smart campuses again from SI partners. We have already submitted bids and are 
seeing new tenders in railways, power, oil and gas, metro rail sectors. In this segment we 
already have a strong order backlog and we also have a fairly good visibility of new orders 
some of which will get executed in this financial year as well. I would say this part of the 
business we see government continuing to spend and accelerating those projects. For 
example video surveillance is one application where there are a lot of things happening and 
we seem to have a good handle on that and our philosophy there is we will work with 
system integration partners in most of the government business rather than doing things 
directly so that we just focus more on the products. 
 
In terms of private accounts, as I mentioned that increasing ARPU and pent-up demand for 
broadband services both for home as well as small and medium enterprises is motivating the 
operators to increase their capex in wire line broadband segment which we expect during 
the financial year will be robust. Of course, in Q1 because of the logistic challenges 
operators did not roll out many new networks both in India or outside of India which in turn 
resulted in them not lifting a lot of equipment but as the year progresses and things start 
becoming normal or closer to normal this trend should definitely accelerate. Again as I 
mentioned we are very happy that we have been selected by two tier-1 operators in India for 
home broadband application in GPON whenever they give a fiber broadband services we 
had signed rate contracts with them and we expect that we should see revenues on a run rate 
basis over the next few years as those home broadband and SME broadband roll outs 
happen. Network expansion in the near term will be at a slow pace but as the year 
progresses and as the restrictions ease we should see that spending to happen. 
 
The third bullet I would like to highlight is that as the leading India-based equipment 
vendor with this emerging geopolitical situation in terms of border and government’s focus 
on Atmanirbhar Bharat I think provide us with a favorable environment. We are probably 
the only company in the country which has the largest design and made in India product 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 8 of 24 
portfolio. I will talk about it later as well, but overall this seems to be a positive 
development for our business. How it pans out and how strong the government intent and 
resolve is to implement these two initiatives is something which we all be closely watching 
but at least at a macro level it seems like a good situation to be in. 
 
On the international side again we are seeing a very interesting trend that because of 
geopolitical issues and because of various tensions and because of US government making 
very strict orders in terms of chip supplies or even the Fab which can produce chip from a 
certain country there is a significant amount of motivation for the customers to derisk the 
supply chain and diversify their supply base from one country to other. As a result of that in 
whichever account we were there, we see that our wallet share in that account is increasing 
because customers feel that we have a fairly compelling value proposition in terms of 
competitive technology as well as competitive costs compared to what they have been 
buying from others and we see this as a very good trend emerging. 
 
Specific geography wise Africa and Middle East is doing very well for us and the basic 
thing is that there is  increased broadband penetration. Web scale companies are building 
data centers and wiring up Africa in a big way and that in turn is demanding more 
bandwidth from our customers and we are seeing a lot of good traction for our DWDM 
which is the high capacity optical transmission product as well as the home broadband 
GPON product that I talked about. Our converged access solutions are doing well because 
many places in Africa do not have fibers today using a wireless access along with GPON 
wherever they have fiber. So we do see a good order visibility for the rest of the year from 
Africa and I would also like to say that we won a multiyear multimillion dollar rate contract 
with one new customer in Middle East which should give us good revenues over the next 
couple of years as well. In South and Southeast Asia we again see a good order visibility 
from our existing customers where we expect to get a larger wallet share and we also got a 
new million dollar plus customer order from one customer in South Asia. 
 
North America is not doing that well for us at this stage. The business in Q1 was slow 
primarily because of the COVID-19 situation and given where things are we do not think 
too many things are going to happen in Q2 either. Mexico where we have a lot of 
incumbency we have completed successful trials for a new application again based on 
FTTX with a large customer but we think the orders would really happen only in second 
half. USA we have now started to appoint a few channel partners to access the smaller 
customers because it is very difficult for us to reach all the customers so we have submitted 
a lot of these to tier 2 and tier 3 operators. As I mentioned earlier the delays in decision 
making is happening because the lab demos and lab trials and field trials have not been 
completed but not to the extent that we are pushing those but our belief is that in the first 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 9 of 24 
half of the year the entire North American business for us at least being a new incumbent a 
new player into that market is going to be slow. 
 
I am now moving to the next slide in terms of where we are winning in terms of products, in 
competitiveness, so really there are four segments that we seem to be doing quite well in 
India as well as internationally. Number one is home and office broadband so that GPON 
technology that we have created the one which we deployed for BharatNet is now also 
going to be deployed with large private operators in India as well as in many other parts of 
the world and we believe that this is something which are very competitive and we are now 
getting to economies of scale to be able to really have the best-in-class technology as well 
as competitiveness in terms of price. 
 
The second area we are doing very well is the critical infrastructure. We mentioned about 
this last year. What is happening in critical infrastructure in all the utility sector whether its 
oil and gas whether its defense or its many other segments of that business they are really 
doing a network transformation which means they have legacy networks which are 
modernizing and there is significant amount of telecom investment happening for example 
every time we have a new railway or new oil and gas pipeline they put video surveillance, 
lot more monitoring of telematics and so on and so forth. So that is another area where we 
are doing extremely well and we have fairly strong incumbency and I think we seem to be 
getting more and more traction in that area. 
 
The metro capacity expansion that I talked about that once you have more data coming out 
of home broadband network and offices consuming a lot more data the capacities in 
network have to be increased so this is again where our WDM and OTN for the metro and 
core networks are doing quite well. 
 
The last bit there is the 5G ready mobile backhaul so while in many geographies where we 
are operating 5G really has not started to happen in any significant way, I am talking of 
other than North America so in Southeast Asia or Africa or India we do not have 5G yet so 
there is still an expansion of 4G happening but in anticipation of 5G the technology which 
is being deployed is something again that we cater to. So those are the four areas where we 
are winning. 
 
Coming to the next slide which is product differentiation slide I just wanted to kind of put 
this slide from a slightly different perspective. If you see three, four, five years back when 
we started talking to all of you as public market investors we were primarily an optical 
transmission company which was in the metros and so we were really doing the middle 
segment which is optical transmission and we were doing some other segments some of the 
products in the metro core segment. Today I am very happy to say that all the sustained 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 10 of 24 
R&D investments which we have made we have been able to add two different segments to 
our business. 
 
On the left hand side of the chart is the broadband access so if you see we added the GPON 
portfolio where BharatNet was the anchored customer and subsequent to that now we are 
into private telcos in India and then similarly in many other operators around the world so 
that was one part which is on the GPON FTTX technology. Second thing which we did is 
the same product that we are doing for optical transmission we repurposed them as Ethernet 
switches for smart cities and defense application and that became really a very good product 
portfolio to add for critical infrastructure because security considerations have become 
important. This is another area where we have been getting a lot of success and then the 
third bucket where we have not yet got much success but we are looking at larger anchor 
deals to happen is on the wireless side. We have built a 4G wireless product, it can be 
upgraded to 5G so this is a base station that we have built and the good part is all these three 
access technologies, the wireless, the GPON, and the Ethernet are all going into the same 
box that you see in the picture so this is what we call as the ultra-converged broadband 
access and this is something unique in the world that nobody really has. So this is the value 
we have been able to create on the broadband access side. 
 
On the right hand side of the chart at extreme right hand side earlier we used to do up to 1 
terabyte of switching capacities for metro, we have upgraded that late last year we launched 
a multi-terabit switch for the core for which currently we are having customer trials because 
this is a very large and very, very high capacity switch we do not have much commercial 
success as yet but this is another area that we have added. 
 
Now we can see that between wireline, wireless, core and access we really have a very, very 
strong portfolio of products and this is something which has become a good differentiator 
for us in terms of increasing the addressable market as well as the current strength when 
you talk of Atmanirbhar Bharat. So we really believe that the amount of technology we 
have created the amount of products we have created we are probably well ahead of 
anybody else in the country to really be able to stand up and say as to do we have all the 
products to build an end to end network so in the optical domain we have products to build 
everything from the access of the network to the core of the network similarly on the GPON 
side not only do we have GPON which is what we deployed in BharatNet we also have 
something called Next Generation PON which is a 10 gigabit version of that technology 
which is just being turned up in a few parts of the world and hopefully we will be deploying 
that technology with a  few operators in India as the market matures. 
 
So GPON is another area where we have now full range of products both on the headend 
side which is called OLT as well as the customer premise devices which are called ONTs so 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 11 of 24 
we have created cost effective versions of that as well. So there could be a possibility that 
some of Tejas products could go into people’s homes in India as they get new broadband 
connectivity. 
 
On the wireless side, this is a new part of the business which we have been investing over 
the last few years and we believe that with a few anchor opportunities that could emerge in 
India as a part of Atmanirbhar Bharat or trying to really do a lot more things internally we 
could see a scenario for us where for the radio access network we could have our LTE 
based product which are of course 4G today and upgradable to 5G so all the core 
technologies is there and then we talked about the secured Ethernet switches and router 
because security is very crucial and having switch with just some gigabytes to terabytes for 
video surveillance, enterprise network, and defense and something that we have done very 
well and from our point of view the full ownership and control of all software, hardware, 
design, IPR as well as 100% local manufacturing enables us to meet all the Make in India 
requirement. 
 
In summary what we are trying to do is we really want to become the product provider for 
the system integrators who would be executing these large projects within the country. We 
believe that our core strength is building products which we do and system integration 
which is putting project management together and which has much larger cash flow and 
other implications would really be partnering with larger system integrators both in the 
private sectors as well as PSUs and we have successful relationship with pretty much all the 
leading SIs in the country and with a track record of executing large projects whether it is a 
BharatNet or Defense or anything else. We believe that if these opportunities indeed 
materialize as the government intent is we should be able to see an interesting business 
opportunity for us. 
 
Coming to the last slide and after that we will get into the Q&A session, it is really I want to 
see that where is our business at the end of Q1. So clearly Q1 revenues were impacted 
adversely because of COVID-19 we could not ship some of the orders despite having 
business but that is the reality that we just have to face. International seems to be picking up 
to 53% of total and we won additional new orders from customers in other geographies. 
Good order inflows despite the fact that two months of the year, two months of the quarter 
were quiet, lockdown and customers themselves were not in a position to release orders. I 
think we booked 188 Crores of new orders in hand and as a result we basically have a good 
order book going forward. 
 
More importantly and equally importantly I would say that that wins at tier operators in 
India for GPON products gives us a good runway for future revenues. COVID-19 clearly 
has lots of challenges in the short term and the economic uncertainty is clear. It is very hard 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 12 of 24 
to predict stuff that is going to happen on a quarterly basis because for instance Bengaluru 
is in a little bit of messy situation right now but things could change and it could be Mexico, 
another day, or Delhi another day and so on and so forth. So those things will continue in 
the near term and we are definitely watching all those things and doing everything in our 
control to make sure things stay as normal as they can, but from a business perspective data 
traffic is clearly growing, business opportunity from an operator angle is clearly looking 
good for us because wire line and broadband infrastructure is something which is going to 
be invested into. 
 
Our game plan is that really increased market share in existing customers because both in 
India as well as the international and all the investments which we made in sales last year 
where we have local presence in Africa, in South East Asia, Mexico and in US to some 
extent. Those investments are allowing us that at least wherever we have incumbency, we 
can potentially get more business. We did see some successes in Q1 on that account where 
we got larger orders from international but in the other aspect I also wanted to mention is 
that the whole geopolitical environment in terms of how, customers are looking to derisk 
their supply chain both in India and outside is something which is a favorable tailwind for 
us. Exact impact of that we will have to see how it emerges. 
 
We are clearly seeing more opportunities coming our way in terms of engagement, in terms 
of applications but those things we have to get closed and transform into business. 
Atmanirbhar Bharat and Make in India is clearly something which the government is being 
very vocal and we believe that among all the Indian companies who are into deep 
technologies and products in telecom with the range of portfolio of products which have 
expanded significantly over the last four years which I articulated earlier we do have a fairly 
good opportunity. Also based on our existing relationships with leading SIs in the country 
gives us a clear edge since our partners believe that by working with us even a complex 
project can be executed in time, in quality and at competitive prices and all this in a crisis 
situation is very crucial. 
 
I am happy to report we have Rs.272 Crores of cash, zero debt and despite some of the 
slippages in collection because of COVID we believe that with the inventory utilization that 
we have in hand, the receivable situation that we see as the year progresses we should 
improve our cash flow and working capital and hopefully the bank balance in our account 
should improve every quarter from here on. So that is really where I would pause and 
probably this is a good time for us to open up the floor for questions and myself or now 
Arnob, Gadiyar or Kumar any of us will be happy to answer any questions that you may 
have. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 13 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thanks for taking my question. I missed the initial few comments but the breakout what 
was the business which we lost due to the lockdown and Q1 and also what portion of Q1 
revenue was benefited from the carry over business from Q4 because if I recall you were 
supposed to execute almost Rs.100 Crores in Q4 on order book and that obviously got eased 
out a bit so how much of that was received and delivered in Q1? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
From what we had originally planned there are two effects which come in to picture. 
Slippage of Q4 business which was supposed to happen in Q1 and new business of Q1 
which was supposed to happen in Q1. The two combinations together we anticipate around 
Rs.45 Crores of revenues slipped out of Q1 as a combination of two. Some of the orders 
from Q4 by the way did not get shipped out in Q1 either because some of the critical 
infrastructure and all of those things which are dependent on factory acceptance tests etc., 
could not happen in Q1 either so around Rs.45 Crores is what was the order slippage 
because of those two things together. 
Mukul Garg: 
Just to refer on this when you say that you had a few order in Q4 how much of that was 
executed in Q4, how much of that was executed in Q1. I am just trying to understand and if 
there is a delay of two quarters can we delayed for longer? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
It is not exactly broken out that how much of Q4 orders got in here and how much of it has 
further slipped out to Q2 because it varies from one customer to the other. For example, 
there is an international customer that wanted us to ship in March, but then his country is in 
a lockdown situation for most of the time so he thought he is going to do it in this quarter 
and looks like they may be opening up and they will do that. Some customers in India in the 
critical infrastructure sector too had a similar situation. Some of the private customers in 
India are just holding back the orders which they originally thought they wanted to place 
earlier so I think it is a little bit of a combination. My sense is coming back to your answers 
and I do not think it is a two quarter slip that decongestion of the worst time because the 
lockdowns around the world including India in a full basis are almost over so from 
henceforth I think except for the last minute situation during end of the quarter we should 
start to see a normalization of at least the orders that we plan to do in a particular quarter 
and actually happening unless there is a significant lockdown either at our end or at the 
customer’s end. So I do not think there is a two quarter delay that decongestion will start 
happening from Q2. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 14 of 24 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood and my second question was on the order book. Can you break out there was 
Rs.188 Crores increment this quarter how much of that was on the private side and how 
much is executable in FY2021? The second part of that question is you highlighted three 
international wins of million dollar each, this basically like from Rs.25 Crores from three 
customers which seems obviously the numbers are quite low so just wanted to understand 
want wins global customers from giving you for example $20 million single order given the 
capex expenditure spends happen at tier I operators is there your balance sheet or is there 
something else at place? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Two questions you had, the first question was that how much of the order book that we 
have in hand is executable this year. I had mentioned that out of the Rs.593 Crores of order 
book we have when we started the quarter around 35% of that will be for this financial year 
and the balance will be for next year and the year after so that is point number one. Second 
point your point was that why did the international customer not give us even bigger orders 
that what we got so I would also say that except for the US where we really did not get 
much traction, US and Mexico did not get much traction, but in other geographies also the 
customers were under a lockdown for a large part of the quarter so different geographies 
opened up in a very selective way so for example South Africa opened up for a short while 
and we got some customers from there, we got orders from Malaysia, we got orders from 
Middle East, so I think the orders came and continue to come. As to why we did not get a 
$20 million order is really that the customers we are working with, they may not be placing 
$20 million orders on anybody not just on us. So I think as a part of the orders that they are 
placing at least with the customers that we are with we seem to be getting good orders. 
Some customers where we got selected last year for example there was a pan-African 
operator where we got selected last year, some of those orders did not materialize because 
the orders actually from their opcos and not from the main corporate. I think there are again 
delays because of being a “new vendor” in that particular opco and the new vendor 
introduction as I mentioned earlier in any opco or any country is taking a little bit more time 
than normal. So I would say that as the year progresses we expect that the international 
orders will continue to at least come from the geographies where we are seeing good 
traction. US, Mexico I think will be a second half play because first half again I believe that 
there are too many restrictions in these countries. 
Mukul Garg: 
Can you give us a breakup of incremental business from the private sector orders won 
during Q1? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
If I were to look at Q1 new bookings around 25% came from India Private, around 40% 
came from India government and the balance came from international, but approximately. 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood. Thanks and I will get back into the queue. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 15 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajendra Mishra from IDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajendra Mishra: 
Good evening. Hope you guys are well? Basically you have highlighted couple of things 
one is the home broadband you are speaking about and you said that customers and OEMs 
have realized that the partners have realized that is a good ARPU business and you will be 
have some technologies like GPON and all which we have demonstrated in BharatNet and 
which is scalable or maybe get in traction Private so could you just build on that, just to 
explain a bit more how is ARPU better and so what exactly are we looking there in terms of 
six months, 12 months, 18 months there? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
To answer the first question, if you see a typical mobile customer in India the ARPU is 
about Rs.120 to Rs.150 or Rs.200 whereas a typical home broadband connection that 
anybody takes, starts anywhere from Rs.599 going to Rs.999,  Rs.1499 per month 
depending on which plan people take. People are willing to pay for higher quality home 
broadband which gives say 100 MBPS connection with guaranteed speed upside, downside 
and so on and so forth that is what was my comment that our end customers are seeing a 
good business case to rollout home broadband services because of the new way of doing 
things so that is part one. Coming back to what is the opportunity size and how will it play 
out for us in the six months, 12 months and 18 months. I think the way to look out it is the 
following way. In India at this point and time depending on whom you talk to there could 
be anywhere between 2 million to 3 million home broadband which have been powered on 
a high capacity fiber optic correction on a GPON or stuff like that. Jio for example talked 
about a million home broadband subscribes on Jio Fiber, Bharti may have similar. The 
addressable market which people are targeting is in the next couple of years is anywhere 
between 50 million and 100 million homes so I think there should be a significant jump in 
terms of the home broadband customers. This will be dependent on how fast people are able 
to roll things out and as you know which is why I mentioned earlier that any of the housing 
society that people live and neighborhoods people live there are restrictions for people to 
come in and wire up new connections and stuff like that so they could be operationally and 
logistically slow rollout in the near term which should pickup as you know the restrictions 
and all that reduced so I would say if you take a three-year window we are talking of let us 
say starting from 5 million rolling it out to say 100 million home broadband subscribers 
over a three-year period and that is what would be the opportunity size. Clearly there are 
three kinds of players in that market. One is Nokia which is a global leader in fiber to the 
home or GPON equipment so they are incumbent in some of the large operators in the 
country. Now we have also got an opportunity to play into that and there are Chinese 
vendors also who have a competitive portfolio but some of that market share dynamics may 
possibly change going forward. So that is the way to think about the size of the opportunity 
and how it will play out. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 16 of 24 
Rajendra Mishra: 
Just correlated with that, so 4 million, 5 million it should goes to 50 million to 100 million 
less than three years of four years what will be the opportunity size products, very rough 
cut? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
For a 100 million to wire up 100 million subscribers let us say you would probably need 
close to about $2 billion worth of active electronics to be bought if you were to put the 
numbers or anywhere between $1.5 billion to $2 billion depending on how you look at it, 
that much amount of equipment will be needed to wire up all the 100 million subscribers in 
the country. 
Rajendra Mishra: 
Second question is just a technical thing which I need to understand so 5G we all have been 
talking a lot for quite some time now maybe it is coming in six months, 12 months I do not 
know but now we are clearly seeing the world getting polarized into two buckets because of 
geopolitical issues. So just help me understand if the 5G technology in one which is China 
driven world of is it a different standard and US will be different standard and whether we 
are flexible to supply to both and whether once the world polarizes will it be an opportunity 
for us or it will how it will to impact us, or the standard is still evolving or whether we will 
be aligned to growth or aligned to one, how is it going to impact the dynamics of this 
industry that we are operating in? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I think this is an excellent question. Let me tell you how will 5G impact us and what 
happens in the new geopolitical situation. So first and foremost there is only one 5G 
standard in the world, which is uniform for everybody else. It is set up by Independent 
Standards Body and by the way I mean India also you would have read in the papers in the 
last few weeks that India had contributed to one such very important 5G standard and I am 
very happy to say that our CTO, Dr. Kumar Sivarajan, who was the chairman of the 
telecom standards body of India, along with other members of our technology office 
initiated a lot of this work during his tenure as Chairman. So there are three elements of a 
5G that we need to think of. One is the transmission so 5G still does not obviate the need 
for a very high capacity optical transmission so the technologies that will go into servicing a 
5G infrastructure are what we are already doing so if we look at the product chart that I 
talked about some variant of GPON technology, some variant of packet transport 
technology and some variant of OTN technology these are all technologies that we are 
already shipping products will be used for backhauling 5G traffic. Essentially 5G will have 
a densification of network which means if you have 100-base stations today to cover a 
certain locality you will probably need 1000-base stations in the same locality of 5G to 
cover everything and every one of those 1000-base stations will need some kind of a device 
to bring the traffic back. And those are the devices that we do in terms of stuff that goes on 
optical fibers so that is one part that we are positively able to service. The second aspect of 
5G is the radio part which is the wireless part often referred to as base stations. So as I 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 17 of 24 
mentioned earlier over the last 5-6 years we have invested in building our own 4G base 
stations with software and certain kind of feature set upgradability can be made 5G 
compliant. So the 4G base station that we have can be upgraded to 5G. So that is another 
play which we can potentially have. In 5G for wireless there are two different segments of 
the market. One segment is called the fixed wireless access or FWA. So our current product 
is already compliant to the FWA market segment and then the second aspect of 5G of 
course is enhanced mobile broadband and we can upgrade the software features to address 
that. So we will be able to address all the optical backhaul part of 5G today with the 
products we have and with the wireless product that we have with upgradation, the same 
can be upgraded to 5G. So any which way the geopolitical situation evolves in the world, 
the optical transmission part of the 5G network will be fully insulated and the wireless part 
is an opportunity which may open up depending on how serious the Government of India is 
for example in building their own equipment and how well Indian ecosystem can 
potentially step up and build all this stuff. 
Rajendra Mishra: 
Thanks. Very useful insights. Thanks Sanjay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Patel from Equilligence Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Patel: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir first question regarding on Atmanirbhar Bharat again, so 
we have been talking about it for few years now and nothing has moved directionally that 
we wanted to, so did we have any representation from our side to the government since the 
announcement or are Indian customers showing any interest to the higher wallet share to 
local share, it would be great to if you can throw some highlights on that? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Good question. There are two parts one is that have we represented? Of course, I think we 
are a part of all the voice of industry in terms of whether it is export promotion council 
team, to be precise to being the Chairman of TEPC in the past, Kumar was the Chairman of 
India’s telecom standards body and I am currently also the chairman of FICCI R&D council 
that is we have shared lots of inputs with the government. Government has done two things 
in that the most recent one was last week, actually last weekend or last two, three days back 
where they have come out with a new guidelines where any equipment from countries with 
whom India shares border cannot be bid in any government tender whether central 
government, state government or even municipality or any government money so what that 
basically means is that this has been done by altering what is called the GFR guidelines or 
the procurement guidelines of the Government of India. So that is one concrete thing which 
the government has released late last week. How is that going to play out we still have to 
see but that would basically mean that government procurement would potentially favor 
domestic products and domestic companies so that is point one. Second point which you 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 18 of 24 
mention is that have private operators in India started to look at more Indian equipment? 
The answer is yes but that comes more from a point of view of diversifying away their 
supply chain risks. Currently because of the ongoing trade war between two major 
countries, there is a lot of uncertainty whether a particular equipment supplier would even 
be able to continue to manufacture its equipment, since their chips and even the chip-
making machines are from US and will not be made available to them. Just from a pure 
supply chain diversity we are seeing more engagement with many of our private customers 
in areas where we have strengths and they have requirements. How exactly this will pan out 
is not clear. As you rightly said in the past also there was a conversation about Atmanirbhar 
Bharat and Preference to Make in India. Will this happen for good this time, we will have to 
actually wait and watch. 
Kunal Patel: 
Sir second question is regarding again both the telecom operators are in status quo mode 
again Bharti has already projected, currently if I am wrong but a bigger chunk of Jio 
business has also gone to our US competitors so where are we lacking in our intensity also 
if you can just throw some color on Indian Private business where the growth will come say 
over next two or three some months? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
The good news is as a “startup company” which is always growing which is what we are, 
we can confidently say today that our GPON products are as good as anybody’s in the 
world. We can compete against the best in class and we have started again with a very 
humble beginning with supplies for BharatNet which we successfully rolled out but the 
same technology over the last 24 months we have matured and made it state of the art. In 
fact as I said not only GPON, we are now also supporting next generation PON which is not 
even being rolled out in India or even in the US in any significant way. So technology-wise 
I think we are almost up there with the best and in fact with the economies of scale that we 
got out of BharatNet even cost-wise we are very competitive. So we do have reasons to 
believe that as more operators in India and around the world start rolling out GPON 
networks in large numbers we should hopefully get a decent shot at that business. The first 
step of that is of course being selected and being integrated in their operational systems and 
so on and after that it would basically depend on our performance in terms of quality, in 
terms of what the other things which make a vendor win so I do not see that there is nothing 
that we are lacking at this stage. It is just that we now have the products, which is as good 
as anybody else’s and we are as competitive with anybody else because none of the 
operators in India or tenders will allow you to win if you are not already that. 
Kunal Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from Kedia Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 19 of 24 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Good evening Sanjay. I have couple of questions. First I need a breakup of receivables and 
are we still facing challenges in recovering money from our customers, I am not talking 
about BSNL, BBNL because you have mentioned in earlier comments but due to COVID 
situation are we still facing to receive money from our other private players in India or 
international clients. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
First question Venkatesh will give the breakup of the receivables I do not have in front of 
me in terms of India and international but barring BSNL as one of customer in India where 
we had challenges. Again I want to just reiterate that our money from BSNL for the 
BharatNet project is different from the capex of BSNL and we also can confidently say that 
if we have not received money none of the other vendors too have received money for that 
project. And as BSNL gets their sovereign guarantee backed up by the Government of India 
which they announced a few weeks back we hope as Venkatesh said earlier what we should 
collect that money. So BNSL is a challenge area for us and we have been collecting in bits 
and pieces but we expect that now the big chunk should happen once they get a sovereign 
guarantee. As far as other customers are concerned either in India, India Private we do not 
have any challenges. We do not have exposure to any operator whose balance sheets are 
stressed so in that sense we are insulated from that. For smaller operators in India we have 
very strong mechanisms of payment either in the form of advance, LCs or whatever else, 
For other government customers we are now working largely with system integrators with 
whom we have fixed payment terms so we are again insulated from the vagaries of 
government guys not paying them for projects. As far as international is concerned most of 
the customers we are receiving payments on time, only for a few customers we are seeing 
delays. We are not seeing big delays but for example some of the things which were 
supposed to say come by end of June may come in say middle of July or end of July or may 
be listed out by a few weeks here and there so we do see few slippages in partly because of 
the customer own challenges in terms of the banking systems or things not working in full 
steam. So I would say a little bit of delay we have seen in certain customer payments 
internationally but materially if you see even the receivables that we got and that too 
without anything significant coming from BSNL we collected a decent amount. If I look at 
our Q2 receivables we are very confident that by the end of we should see higher amount of 
cash in the banks or receivables will come down and of course the working capital 
correspondingly will also come down. So I would say except some amount of delay of a 
few weeks here and there we have not seen any material delays from our customers 
anywhere and definitely no delinquencies so we have not seen a single customer who said I 
cannot pay or I am stressed because all customers of ours are almost actually in an 
investment mode for their part of the business which is providing high capacity broadband 
services to their customers. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 20 of 24 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
I will take the breakup of outstanding order receivables but my second question is our order 
book so how much of this order book will be executable in FY2021, the current year? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I think as I said earlier around 35% of our order book would be executed for FY2021 so that 
is around 210 odd Crores we should execute from here till the end of the year from the 
order book that we have in hand. That is based on our current estimates. Some of these are 
things which of course depend on the customers’ requirements to be a little bit more or little 
bit less but around Rs.210 Crores is what we think we will execute out of the order book for 
this year in addition to what we have already done by the way. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
The breakup of receivables? 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
I will answer that question. I am Venkatesh here in terms of the receivable breakup about 
25% of the receivables are outstanding or from international and rest of them are India. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
So 75% was largely into India Private and if you can give up with the breakup. 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
If you take out may be BSNL/BBNL, which was approximately 40% of our receivables, 
then rest of them are from Critical Infrastructure and India Private. Some of the receivables 
are not due and some of them will be paid up after one year warranty period. So for 
example we have got 90% for example done, the 10% retention money will come one year 
after so it may not be due. So I would say the major overdue payment in India is really 
BSNL and international is around 25% of the total. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Thank you and wish you best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints we will be take the next question 
as a last question from the line of Sangameswar Iyer from Consilium Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to understand given that the demand scenario 
across all geographies for us looks pretty robust, what would lead to the order ticket sizes 
moving towards beyond the $10 million mark. Do we have to hunt for new customers in the 
international market or even in the domestic markets separately to get to that kind of a run 
rate, I talking about India Private and international here? Second given the kind of a 
demand scenario that we are looking when do expect the quarterly run rate on the revenue 
execution basis to go back to that Rs.150 Crores to Rs.200 Crores run rate per quarter do 
you see that coming in next couple of quarter’s times could you give some quantitative idea 
to understand the execution part of the demand scenario and how it gets reflected in 
numbers? 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 21 of 24 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Let me answer your first question first. What does it take for us to get $10 million kind of 
run rate orders from multiple customers both in India and internationally? I think we have 
probably done everything that we could in India because in India we do have, because of 
the incumbency relationship, etc., etc., So I think as we are getting newer applications in 
our existing customers, we should once the order flow starts to happen, which I said could 
take another quarter or so, we should start to see a good run rate of orders getting 
established in India, not just because of the GPON application that I talked about in addition 
to actually all the major Indian customers in the private sector there are multiple other 
engagements and wins that we are lined up for. I think in India private hopefully sooner 
than later we should get into a situation where we should establish robust run rate numbers 
with each of our large Indian private customers. So that part, I think in terms of application 
win, provenness of our capabilities, competitiveness, I think those are good achievements 
that we made in Q1. The results of those achievements will probably get shifted by a 
quarter and we should start to see revenues in the second half of the year. Coming back to 
the same scenario internationally, we will see this year that at least a few. So first of all, let 
me talk of the negative part first, winning new customers of large size internationally this 
year is going to be very challenging because travel restrictions are there, customers are not 
introducing too many new vendors, etc. So to that place, for the places where we already are 
there, so for example, in Africa, in South East Asia and certain customers in North America, 
including Mexico, we should see a larger ticket size order starting to flow in. We already 
had some in Q1. Some have already happened in Q2 as we started the quarter. It is really 
now starting to become a good run rate I would say as we go along. However, I must again 
caution saying that we do have a little bit of start stop because sometimes thing starts to 
look good and then customer gets into a bit of a pause mode because of the local situation. 
So barring those near-term things if I were to visualize the whole year’s situation for larger 
orders from existing customers internationally at least we will see few geographies where 
we have good incumbency show better numbers this year. How much better? I think we 
would like to wait. Coming back to your second question of when will we get to Rs.150 
Crores to Rs. 200 Crores kind of run rate by quarter? Hopefully sooner than later I would 
not give a specific guidance because again lot of things are not necessarily in our control, 
and as much as we want to, the only caution which we are applying right now is that rather 
than building inventory for very large revenues we are taking a very conservative approach 
to say that let us not block our money in inventory, so whatever inventory we already have, 
which is quite substantial we want to decongest that and as we see more clarity in orders 
and as we see more things happening the way we expect we will essentially ramp up with 
that. By the way as an industry, the component lead times have increased so there are delays 
in terms of securing certain long lead components. Those kinds of things we are doing, but 
again coming back to your answer, it is a little bit difficult to say how soon we will get 
there, but hopefully sooner than later. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 22 of 24 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Just as a followup on the same question, when we say that, on the international customer’s 
end, do they have the potential to give out orders on an average ticket size of $10 million 
plus or these customers who typically have an order ticket size of few million dollars only. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
That is a good question. I would say the customers where we are actively engaged, we are 
talking of customers who are single digit million dollar for us at least. I am not talking 
about the total spend. For us, we are talking of anywhere between a low single digit to may 
be a high single digit in millions of dollars in terms of order size. So that is the kind of 
range that at best, we will get from international customers that we currently have 
engagements with in this financial year. It could change next year because as we move from 
smaller part of the network to larger part of the network, but I would say this year 
internationally from the customers that we have we think we will still be in a single million 
digit scenario as of now. I mean of course we are continuing to see the situation, but that is 
a way to think of. We are not still on a situation internationally where we get that $10 
million, $25 million order from a single customer. That stage we have not yet reached 
internationally. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Sir I just missed, have you given the outlook each segment wise in terms of what kind of 
growth that you are looking at for the year? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
No. We have not. What I did in my commentary earlier and which is in line with what we 
have said in April board meeting that we will not really, given all the uncertainties, give a 
guidance per se right now. By the way subjectively I have talked about it earlier, but just to 
quickly re-summarize. We would see increase in terms of a growth on Indian government 
just because you had one order and there is a lot of stuff which is happening, which did not 
happen last year, so that should happen. India Private could be flat to growth depending on 
when things happen and international we expect to see growth compared to last year, how 
much growth is of course a function of how things pan out but that is the broad way I would 
say where we see things today. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
India government when you say it is BSNL and critical put together? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
As a total bucket, so critical infrastructure is already doing quite well in terms of orders in 
hand, orders won, and the whole thing. BSNL, BBNL is really a function of when they do 
will not counting much revenues from them except for the state BharatNet which we 
already won, but barring those, we do not count much from them this year, but the critical 
infrastructure alone can give us significant growth on an annualized basis because we have 
already won those orders. 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 23 of 24 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
International was pretty strong last year as an out setting factor for your BSNL loss, what 
kind of growth are we talking here, is it like double-digit growth here or is it like, given 
that, the scenario has become more favorable from out? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes I would say definitely double-digit is a very long range so we should definitely able to 
do that double-digit growth, which spectrum of the double-digit, I would again qualify that 
it is a bit early to say except that the signs seem to be positive. If I want to kind of step 
back, and say that lot of things have aligned for us so we seem to have a very good product 
portfolio, the whole geopolitical situation looks good internationally as well as in India, we 
seem to be getting into the bigger scheme of things in a segment where people are going to 
invest both India and outside which is home broadband, metro broadband, etc. So lot of the 
stars are kind of getting nicely aligned for us, but exactly how they will play out, how soon 
they will play out, is something which we are just being a little bit cautious because it is not 
very good to predict in an environment that we all live today where there is uncertainty all 
around but given where we are, what we could do, we are doing and I am confident that at 
least the efforts are being put by the company to do everything that we can in our control to 
really increase our application wins which are doing, but the actual revenue results of that 
will have to see how the year progresses. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Great. Good to hear that. We have the confidence of double-digit growth at least in the two 
leading segments that they have both in India Private and international despite all this 
situation that we have globally. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Thank you Sir and stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you everybody. First of all very good questions so I hope even the people who did 
not get a chance to ask the questions, we were able to address if I had to be little bit broader 
on those and as I said in my comments a few minutes back, we are doing everything that we 
can to really make sure that we are well setup to take advantage of the opportunities as and 
when they are opening up with the new customer wins with a very strong cash position 
which at least we are confident of we will continue to improve, we seem to have set things 
up well. Exactly how that will play out, how soon that will play out, we will basically be 
closely watching and will continue to communicate with all of you as we make more and 
more progress. Thank you again for all your support and again as I said this is the 20th 

 
 
  
Tejas Networks Limited 
July 27, 2020 
Page 24 of 24 
anniversary of the company, we hope that this would be a year where we could actually put 
all the things together and actually demonstrate a good success. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
