 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
Corp. Off.: 4th Floor, Antriksh Bhawan, 22 K.G. Marg, New Delhi- 110 001, INDIA 
Tel.:+91-11-23324443, 23712025, E-mail: corporate@morepen.com, Website:www.morepen.com  
CIN NO. L24231 HP1984PLC006028 
 
Plant & Regd. Off.: Morepen Village, Malkumajra, Nalagarh Road, Baddi, Distt. Solan (H.P.) -173205 
Tel.: +91-1795-266401-03, 244590, Fax: +91-1795-244591, E-mail: plants@morepen.com 
 
 
 
Date: 07/09/2020 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Tel No: (022) 26598100 - 8114 
Fax No: (022) 26598120 
Symbol: MOREPENLAB 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Phones: 91-22-22721233/4 
Fax: 91-22-2272 3121 
Scrip Code: 500288 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors and Analyst Conference Call on Results for Q1    
                FY 2020-2021 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of Investors and Analyst Conference Call organised on 
Tuesday, 1st September, 2020 at 03.00 P.M. (IST) subsequent to declaration of 
unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter ended 30th June, 
2020. 
Further, Mr. Sushil Suri, Chairman & Managing Director and Mr. Ajay Sharma, Chief 
Financial Officer of the company, interacted with Ms. Hiral Dadia, Anchor and Content 
Editor of Nirmal Bang Securities Pvt. Ltd. (Popularly known as ‘Nirmal Bang’), a 34 
years’ old trading and market research company, on Q-1-FY 2021’ results. 
Please refer to weblink https://youtu.be/bTKFU10MTq8 and see the full conversation.  
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Morepen Laboratories Limited 
 
Vipul Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. as above. 
                             
 
SIGN

 
 
Page 1 of 33 
 
 
 
“Morepen Laboratories Limited Q1 FY-21 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SUSHIL SURI – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
Mr. VIPUL KUMAR SRIVASTAVA – COMPANY SECRETARY, 
MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VASTUPAL SHAH – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 33 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Morepen Laboratories 
Limited’ Q1 FY21 earnings Conference Call hosted by Kirin Advisors Private 
Limited. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vastupal 
Shah from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Sir, 
Vastupal Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. I would like to welcome Mr. Sushil Suri, 
Chairman and Managing Director, Morepen Laboratories Limited; Mr. Ajay 
Sharma, CFO of the Company and Mr. Vipul Kumar Srivastava, Company 
Secretary of the Company. Sushil Sir, over to you. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you, Mr. Shah. Good afternoon everybody. We hope that everybody is 
comfortable and safe at their homes. We know that COVID-19 is disturbing 
everybody. These are challenging times so we request everybody to play safe 
particularly down South and Maharashtra have been badly affected so we are 
concerned about all of you. 
Coming to the real picture that COVID has disturbed the business and economy 
all over the world and India is not spared. Today headline was very disturbing 
that we have 24% shrinkage in the economy. But the good factor today is your 
company particularly the Pharma sector have been thankfully saved. So it is 
not much affected by COVID. There are certain segments which are affected 
but just to update you as last quarter, so this quarter we had less challenges as 
compared to the March beginning but April was bit tight. The production 
facilities are not fully functional. May and June were more comfortable. 
So now the factories are 70% to 80% I would say to an extent even up to 90% 
functional, everything is going good. Corporate offices are also opened and 
now we are having this call from the office. Last time we were still working 
from home. So good news is that we are back in business and everything is 
normal and we still have restrictions of social distancing and we are still have 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 33 
erratic cases here and there but it is fine, it is part of life which is the new 
normal. 
Coming to the business, as you might have seen the results which have been 
published in the newspapers and have been given in the stock exchanges. So 
you might have noticed that the turnover of the company which is primarily 
coming from the API business has grown up by 27% from almost Rs. 259 
crores this quarter as compared to Rs. 203 crores Q-1-FY20. So there is an 
upside of 27% and you would appreciate that this 27% growth is coming in the 
middle of the lockdown, in the middle of closed factories, closed godowns that 
at many places transportation problems, custom problem, problem of import of 
raw materials. 
If the business has been good and normal this could have been better but 
certainly we have to add up that there is some overflow from March quarter 
also. March quarter at the end we had lost some sales for one week so that 
might have been added here. But on the whole 27% growth is coming up and 
without any complaints or any disregards to whatever is happening around the 
industry so we have been very comfortable. 
The business of the company had been very profitable also. The profit of the 
company has jumped by almost 155% against Rs. 7.68 crores we have got a 
profit of Rs. 19.56 crores in this quarter which is highest ever in any quarter so 
far and last year the full year profit was approx. Rs. 33 crores so now it is Rs. 
19.56 crores. So EBITDA has also moved by 42% from Rs. 19.61 crores to Rs. 
27.90 crores. Of course there have been a rise in the profit, rise in the gross 
profit margins. There have been an upside in the price realization, better price 
realization because of shortage of materials they had at some markets we have 
got better prices. 
Thanks to good EBITDA, our cash profits have also shoot up by 44% from Rs. 
19.61 crores to Rs. 27.90 crores. So as you would see from revenues to 
EBITDA to cash profit, everything have been growing very smoothly and since 
EBITDA company is a debt free company there is not much debt, so EBITDA 
directly flows down to the net profits. Our depreciation component is not very 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 33 
high. So effort of the company is that more and more EBITDA is coming in to 
the company, more and more gross profits are earned so that the return on the 
capital employed and return on the total equity goes back to business. 
Going to the segment wise growth. API has been the biggest segment which 
has been contributing to the growth and within API 70% to 80% of the business 
is exports, around 20% to 30% is domestic. So this quarter export has gone up 
by 47% and domestic market has gone up by 36%. Both markets have grown 
up. And growth of the company in certain products is 200%, 100% like 
Rosuvastatin has grown by 260%, Loratadine has grown by 90%. 
On the diagnostic sides, we have some limitations on the sale of glucometers 
but BP monitor sales have jumped by 57% and overall diagnostic sales have 
grown up by 16%. So all around there is a good growth. As we shared in the 
last quarterly call, in our OTC business we had lot of products we had 
launched, lot of new products for the COVID including sanitizers, masks, 
gloves, Chyawanprash and so many other items. So they have all contributed 
53% of the topline. 
Even though our original products like Lemolate and Burnol could not do well 
because of the lockdown. But COVID range has contributed very well and the 
company has been able to find a good foothold in the market inspite of the 
crisis which we all are going through. Net-net the after impact is that the net 
profit of the company has grown up by 153% and as compared to Rs. 7.66 
crores, last year first quarter, so we are at Rs. 19.37 crores and company is very 
happy with the growth of this and looking at the overall market, demand of the 
products and our capacity utilization so the board has approved an expansion 
plan for the API to the extent of Rs. 178 crores, we will shortly come to this 
when we discuss the individual slides. 
That is an overall highlight increase in revenue, increase in profit, good 
increase in API, good increase in diagnostics and of course expansion plan. 
Going specifically to the segment wise growth, we discussed that API is around 
44%, diagnostic 16%, OTC 53%. There is only one segment which has not 
performed up to the mark is the formulation sector, the finished dosages where 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 33 
our people go to the doctor, who generate prescriptions and people buy 
medicines. There has been some shrinkage there. So we have lost 31% market 
there because people were not able to approach to the doctors, doctors were 
not sitting and because of the complete lockdown the hospitals were also not 
allowed to attend to the OPD patients. 
So we hope that this market should come back may be current quarter to some 
extent but it may take another two, three quarters for finished dosage business. 
But whatever business we lost in finished dosage we have gained in OTC and 
we have gained much better in diagnostics and in API. So coming specifically 
to the API business, within API business 43% of the business has grown 
particularly in the hardcore APIs which are our drugs like Loratadine, 
Montelukast, Atorvastatin, Rosuvastatin; there is a 47% growth primarily 
coming from exports. 
Then some intermediates which we supply to our customers in Europe also in 
China. There is a 91% growth there. So there is a huge growth in the 
intermediate business and new molecules where we have small quantities to 
sell so we have grown by 21%. So API is still taking the lead and it constitutes 
64% of the consolidated revenues and on a standalone basis API sale is like 
68% and it has grown by 44% Quarter-on-Quarter which is a very good thing 
and which is giving I will say a lifeline to the company for the future also and 
as you would appreciate the government is encouraging more and more 
manufacturing of APIs in India. Government wants to restrict import of APIs 
out of China and other countries. 
We are rightly placed for this growth and we feel that API growth is the next 
driver of the company in the coming times. Before we go to the expansion plan 
so I would like to touch base that which countries have been giving good 
growth to the company. So as per the statistics available 57% of the topline of 
export is still coming from Asian markets which of course include the China 
and Japan market is very good and then we have Bangladesh, Pakistan, 
Vietnam, Philippines, Korea, Thailand all the countries we are supplying. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 33 
So we are supplying to over 100 countries, 80 countries currently now. And 
Europe have been doing pretty well. Our Europe market has grown by 127% 
while Asiapacific has grown by 45%. US could not do very well in this last 
quarter and US was run at down 20%. So other than US, Europe, Asia other 
markets which are semi regulated markets like South American markets, 
Eastern European markets, so they have grown by 38%. 
So overall demand of the API has come from all sides. We have grown in 
quantity, we have grown in value and thankfully there have been an upside in 
the dollar value also. So looking at all the positive pointers management 
presented to the board an expansion plan for the API and thank you to the 
Government of India also for giving us special scheme that we can address our 
new demands by under a special single window clearance system. So we 
applied somewhere in the month of May and we got the permission in 24th of 
July under the single window clearance. 
So the project of Rs. 178 crores has been cleared and out of the Rs. 178 crores, 
around Rs. 48 crores is going for building and then another Rs. 80 crores, Rs. 
85 crores for the machinery and then installation, electrical services, there is a 
lot happening there. So we feel that it will take around 3 years to complete the 
capacity expansion what is already envisaged. Whole of the project may not 
take three years but in a phased manner we may start something in the second 
year, something in the third year. 
Total we are adding 2000 MT of capacities against 3000 MT of capacity is 
already available. Adding many reactors on those 400 kiloliters of reactors will 
be added. And we will be manufacturing 40 products there. So we all know 
that there is a lot of shortage of jobs now so we will be adding 700 people, new 
jobs. We will be creating 700 new jobs in the coming three years only for this 
expansion other than the 18 projects which are already going on. 
So as per the present plan approved by the board the expansion is supposed to 
be funded through the internal cash accruals and we are hopeful that with the 
going flow of the operations, we will be comfortably able because we do not 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 33 
have to invest all the money together but at certain stage if we feel that we need 
to take some bank borrowings we are free to do that, we are open to do that. 
Company is a debt free company now and in case we need to leverage little bit, 
we will do at local levels. But going forward it is very clear that the company 
needs to focus on API and the capacities would increase, volumes would 
increase, sales would increase and as Mr. Modi, the Honorable Prime Minister 
wants so we want to become self reliant in APIs and more and more products 
will be manufactured in India. The second big plan for API which is still under 
the discussions is that Government of India had proposed to open three, four 
API parks wherein they will have special facilities, special research facilities 
and special treatment plants and other stuff. 
So we have already applied for a site in the API Park which may be set up in 
Himachal, Haryana or may be in Punjab but we are a candidate there. Most 
likely it is coming down next to our site only in Himachal only. And once we 
get a site there so we will go for some intermediate plants wherein we can 
reduce our dependence on China and we can have more and more production 
in India and maybe we can manufacture all the intermediates what we buy and 
may be manufacture some more intermediates which some other companies 
are buying from China. 
So that is I would say phase 2. May be we can add some intermediate plants 
here also and we have enough, we have 60 acres of land here at Baddi but as 
we go forward we have to take a call but overall position is that it is a very 
positive phase of API business now that government is also encouraging, 
market is also encouraging, people are looking for us. I would say there is no 
dearth of queries, people are throwing order left, right and center. Everybody 
wants business out of India. Everybody wants to work with Indian companies 
so we are very well placed. And we would like to congratulate all of you for 
your support here because now is the time that we should try to tighten our 
belts and see where do we go from here. 
Coming to our second line of business which is devices. We discussed last time 
also that in the devices business we have been doing very well in the 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 33 
glucometers and in glucometers we are the leaders in glucometers in the 
country. We have sold around 4 lakhs meters, we have installed base and we 
have sold 450 million strips in the country and we have a large leadership here. 
55% of our sales come from glucometers and BP monitors contribute only 16% 
but this quarter surprisingly BP monitors have done very well and we have 
grown at 57% other than the Oximeters and the thermometers. 
Thermometers since digital thermometers is non-contact thermometers were 
launched for the first time and thermometer sale has gone up by almost 20 
times but we think that this may be temporary but some demand is going to 
continue. With all the diagnostic devices in hand and the COVID challenge 
still in our head, so COVID is entering our homes everybody wants to keep 
Oximeter at home, everybody wants to keep a non-contact thermometer and 
now the next type is that we have launched a new device called Oxygen 
concentrator. 
Oxygen concentrator you can keep it at home to whenever anybody has 
Oxygen problem or breathing problem or breathlessness, oxygen levels, if CO2 
level is going down so oxygen concentrated. It is just plug and play and it start 
giving oxygen, you can directly start breathing oxygen. No extra equipment is 
required, no cylinder is required. You just take oxygen from the air it supplies 
concentrated oxygen to you between 93% to 95%. 
So that is a new product. By launching oxygen concentrated indirectly we are 
entering into a respiratory line so this is good for home use and but tomorrow 
it can go to the hospital also. It is a 8kg model but a 10kg model is used for the 
hospitals. So diagnostic devices has got a very good future for us and going 
forward so we are banking heavily on the capacity expansion for domestic 
market even for export market and at some stage diagnostic market we may go 
for backward integration and here again we have all the same issue there we 
are discussing about API that we should make in India and be self depended. 
So in diagnostics also there is lot of dependence on import, so at some stage 
we are trying to reduce our dependence on import and trying to do more and 
more things sitting in India. The last thing which has been very I would say 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 33 
consumer friendly and have been talk of the town that our company had 
launched almost 23 products in the COVID times in the hard time when people 
are not be able to move out of their houses so we have launched 23 products 
including hand sanitizers, hand rubs, hand wash, antibacterial spray, 
antibacterial soap, disinfectant solutions, face masks, gloves, Vitamin-C 
gummies, vitamins, Curcumin tablets. So there has been lot of things 
happening here in the OTC segment. 
People have been very busy. We lost some sale in the lead brands and in the 
finished dosage also but we sold a good COVID range which is I would say 
out of the total revenues so almost 70% is coming out of the COVID range. 
. So we are not so confident that how long COVID will work but we are sure 
that some of the products will maintain its continuity in the markets. Now 
people are getting used to washing hands, people are getting used to taking 
vitamins, multivitamins. So now we have recently launched this month only in 
the month of August only we have launched a product called Beautiful 
Nutriful, a beauty solution. It is for basically skin aging, anti-aging product. 
This is for beautiful skin. 
So skin formats hydration glow and of course it reduces the fine line and pores. 
So this has been launched online. Now people are sitting home they want to 
have to take care of their skin and nothing hidden. Many people are doing the 
household work and ladies have to go to the kitchen, even men are also entering 
the kitchen. So everybody wants to take care of their skin. So this is a new 
solution we have launched. But it is not a part of the COVID, it is for 
betterment. 
So now concluding on the financial numbers. We already discussed that the 
topline had been good, EBITDA had been good, 42% increase in EBITDA and 
cash profit 44%. Net profit is again 155%. Profit after tax 153% and the last 
thing is that the EPS of the company for the quarter has jumped from Rs. 0.17 
to Rs. 0.43 per share, which like a jump of another 153%. It is same as the net 
profit or profit after tax. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 33 
So this is giving a good comfort to the overall thing that if topline has grown, 
profit has grown, earning per share has grown. So everybody in the system, 
everybody in the line is getting a positive feedback and positive recognition. 
And we are hopeful and comfortable that as we go forward we should be able 
to sustain these numbers because looking at the topline we are having in 
different quarter and for another few quarters, we do not know how long this 
COVID sentiments would remain but API business is certainly away from the 
COVID sentiment and domestic businesses are certainly related. 
So we will continue focusing on the API and try to keep ourselves insulated 
from the market conditions. As we fully appreciate that the market and people 
are losing jobs and people are firing 50% manpower, 30% manpower but I am 
happy to share with you that we have started fresh recruitments both in our 
corporate office and even at the plant also. 
There were restrictions regarding the contract labor and there were issues 
regarding people coming from outside, engineers moving in from the other 
states but all said and done we are increasing capacities, we are increasing the 
work is increasing, pressure increasing we need more and more people, we 
need more helping hands and we have started the hiring also. We have 
introduced senior position even at our corporate office to handle HR. So the 
company is growing and we are going from all angles. So the numbers are 
almost this I think so other than the numbers two, three things which we 
operated last quarter and I can touch base again. 
That one of course is the expansion plan what we shared. Second is that there 
was a NCLT order on account of fixed deposit holders so we were supposed to 
finish everything within three months but some people were not able to respond 
quickly followed by this COVID scenario so we were advised that instead of 
closing the scheme on 31st March so we should extent it by another three, four 
months. 
But now we had given 31st August till yesterday was the last date till any FD 
holder could write to us and claim money in place of their FD as per the NCLT 
order. So we have received a good number of representations and as per the 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 33 
schedule given by NCLT, those all payments will be cleared by the company 
and that issue will be behind us. So there is no pending issue in that. There is 
some preference capital of the banks which is still lying in our books and as 
you would see our balance sheet, many a time it is misleading. We always say 
that we are a debt free company but there is a preference capital which is 
technically not a debt but as per Indian accounting standard it is classified as a 
debt. 
So many people have a question that what is this debt. So it is a preference 
capital owned by the banks. So technically it is not a debt but still it is lying as 
a liability in the book. So many banks have approached us to convert that into 
equity. It is around 60% of the banks we have got sanction but last few months 
there is not much movement because of this COVID and lockdown thing. 
There have been no personal meetings so within next three to six months’ time 
I would say by end of the year we will be able to take a call that whether do we 
convert into equity or if the company has got sufficient cash flows so we may 
pay them back. So this thing is still I would say on our top of the agenda. 
 
And the last thing is that last year around the same time there were some 
restrictions put by SEBI wherein the company cannot increase its capital or can 
approach market. So those restrictions are also getting over I think before the 
end of this month around 24th, 25th of this month. So I would say outer side 
within this month all the restrictions will be over, company will be able to 
approach the market and if at all we need to do that. And whatever the pending 
issues, all the three issues will be behind us. 
And as we go forward I would again request everybody, please stay safe and 
do not try to jump the lines. COVID is going to stay here. We will have to take 
strict precautions and over to Mr. Shah and in case there is any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 33 
Saurabh Jain: 
The first question is, what kind of a CAGR you can maintain in the upcoming 
for FY21 and FY22? 
Sushil Suri: 
Last five years we had a CAGR of 15%. So we are comfortable that 15% is a 
bare minimum we will continue to add up the previous year also, but if we take 
on isolated basis and take the current few years’ growth, I would say we may 
be between 20% to 25% on a year-to-year basis. But CAGR 15% is what we 
are expecting. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. That is absolutely fine. Number# 2 question is that last week you have 
got that three approval for Sitagliptin and other two. So what was the revenue 
from that? Can you throw the highlights? 
Sushil Suri: 
Sitagliptin & Rivaroxaban are still under patent. And two approvals were 
received for Vildagliptin and Ursodeoxycholic. The patent of Vildagliptin had 
been expired in December’ 2019. The makets supplies of Vildagliptin will be 
augmented/ effected towards the end of the financial yeas whereas 
Rivaroxaban will be effected the during the coming financial year.  
Saurabh Jain: 
What was the revenue from that? 
Sushil Suri: 
We have launched those products, but those are in early December. So I think 
this was a season for that, but after lockdown we have not been able to approach 
the market directly on those. But those are already, we have launched the API, 
but maybe if after this lockdown we may launch the finished dosage also. So 
Sitagliptin of course is still under patent. And another cardiac drug was 
Rivaroxaban. So there the patent has been extended by one year. So we have 
to only have Vildagliptin only. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. So how many ANDA are pending from your side? 
Sushil Suri: 
We are a pure API company and we do not have ANDAs. We have even though 
DMF. We have 60 DMFs in the US market, US and Europe markets. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So when it will get the approval? 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 33 
Sushil Suri: 
DMFs do not need any approval. Looking at our DMF, if customer approaches 
us and we supply them the finished dosage, sorry we supply them the API. And 
all our supplies to US and Europe market are based on our DMF. And our 
USFDA is triggered once the customer files, customer approaches us for the 
supplies from over site. So it is basically for mostly for plant approvals. So all 
our facilities are approved now. 
Our both Masulkhana, Baddi facilities are approved. And all our products are 
also approved. And whenever we have any new product for which our DMF is 
triggered, maybe we have a fresh inspection. But as on today there is nothing 
pending with authorities for our level. 
Saurabh Jain: 
The last question is regarding about your Montelukast and this Atorvastatin. 
What was the revenue in this quarter from these two drugs? 
Sushil Suri: 
We do not disclose the revenue number, but I can share with you the growth 
rate. And you would appreciate that our customer from a market perspective it 
is, I would say, Montelukast is around Rs. 150 crores and the Atorvastatin is 
around Rs. 90 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dinesh Kumar from I-Wealth 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
I have a couple of questions. One on the API side, we are supplying allergy 
and asthma and cholesterol control related APIs, right? So what are those 
segments’ growth actually? Because when you say that we are growing faster 
than market, how that is happening? When you say 15%, 20%? 
Sushil Suri: 
Very valid question. That, in the segment what we are growing, what we are 
growing is at an API level. Formulation for example, we might have grown at 
say 25%. If I have grown by 50% it means that we got a better market share 
than someone else in the API market. So we are, I would say, raw material 
supplier for the fit industry. So for example, if I am buying from one customer, 
if a customer is buying from two sources, maybe he gives 80% supplies to me 
and 20% supplies to someone else. Then some day we may get 50:50. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 33 
So maybe we got a better share. And secondly when we say we have grown, 
this growth is respective growth as compared to the last year. So, it is in terms 
of higher pricing, higher value and maybe better quality products because there 
is always a specification. US market may have a better specification. We may 
be selling the same thing in US market at $800 and in Europe market maybe 
$600 and in Bangladesh market maybe $250. So if they have all strategic 
thinking that how do we up sell our products and have more and more status 
specification so that we can get better pricing. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So in the APIs which we have, at least in the larger APIs which we mentioned 
so what is our typical market share in that? 
Sushil Suri: 
In all the products where we are, Loratadine, Montelukast, Atorvastatin; 
Loratadine we are the largest player in the world after the innovator, which was 
Schering-Plough. So we are, I would say, when we say larger that does not 
mean that we got 99% share. Whether we got 50% share, 60% share, the second 
one is very lower than us. And we are the leaders. Montelukast again we are 
the largest manufacturer in the world in terms of the quantity. We have the 
largest capacities in the world. 
Atorvastatin we are fourth or fifth in the market, because there are many 
companies who are doing Atorvastatin. Rosuvastatin again we are third or 
fourth. So whatever products we do we take a lead and follow the lead and try 
to grow. Unless there are few companies in a country who say that okay we are 
manufacturing 100 APIs. So we do not manufacture 100 APIs. We have few 
APIs, but we are leaders in there. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay, so what is the advantage we are bringing to the table so that we get 50% 
to 60% market share which is significant amount, right? That means you are 
doing significantly right, that is why clients are increasing their share to us? 
Sushil Suri: 
Dinesh, what we get is, one is, one we get the market share. Second is we are 
able to lock in our customer. If we consistently supply them same material, for 
example when our USFDA happened in back in 1998, year 2000, 20 years ago, 
so we had one customer Novartis. So Novaratis is still my customer from last 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 33 
22 years. So they have not changed the vendor. We have not changed anything. 
No doubt there is always a discussion about price and this and that. So it is just 
an example. 
So when we have a long term relationship with our customer, they understand 
us better, we understand them better. And whatever development is coming on 
that product, whatever new regulations are coming, whatever improvements 
are coming, whatever research is happening, we all share everything with the 
customer. So it is not like selling a retail product at an online portal, buy it 
today or this is the rate, if you want you can buy, otherwise tomorrow you will 
get something else. So this is a very consistent business, long term business. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay, so that is how whenever we launch a new molecule, sorry a new API, 
how long will it take us for us to reach some substantial share where it can 
happen? 
Sushil Suri: 
I would say that it takes almost five to seven years for any product to become 
sizeable. When we say sizeable means Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 30 crores. But 
product like Loratadine, Montelukast, which are Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 150 
crores now, so these are like 10 to 15 years old products. So when we say many 
products touches like Rs. 100 crores, so then we say, internally we call it a 
blockbuster, because Rs. 100 crores is a benchmark. 
But Rosuvastatin is another in the making which is around Rs. 50 crores. So 
we want all products to be in that category. And as we go forward every year, 
we are always trying to spot that, okay what is the product of the year and we 
try to focus on that product. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So incremental growth for us in the API business will be the new molecules 
which we launch? How that is penetrating more and we get valid share in the 
existing clients? That is the driver for us or it is because most of the larger 
molecules we are already very big market leader. Every client wants to have 
two sources, right? They do not want to say that 80% I will take it from one 
guy only because if something happens in Morepen, their business will get 
impacted? 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 33 
Sushil Suri: 
So the way it is happening is that, like you said, everybody feels that whatever 
products we have and we are saturated, but the fact remains that there is always 
some scope, we have naturally limited resources, limited team, and the idea to 
expand the team, expand the market. So we are always, it is always, I would 
say more economical and profitable to increase the capacities of the existing 
products. And secondly is to do similar products. 
And third in the new molecules. New molecules always take some time to 
develop because of the patent position. So maybe for example, Sitagliptin is 
expiring in 2023, and there is some product expiring next year, Rivaroxaban is 
expiring next year. So every year we have some expiry or the other happening. 
So but once that expiry of any product happens, then there is the exponential 
jump. 
So we were directly getting a base of say Rs. 50 crores or Rs. 100 crores in 
year 1 or year 2 itself. So market also expands. When the product goes generics 
the market also expands. So I would say that there is no one formula which fits 
all. So every product has its own lifecycle. 
And sometimes products like Loratadine, they are surviving since last 20 years. 
But similar product Desloratadine, that could not come even for three years. 
But now after seven, eight years, now Desloratadine is coming forward. So 
Paracetamol which is a, I would say, simple cheapest product, everybody 
knows Crocin, this is the largest selling drug. But it still sells. It is selling since 
last 50 years. So I would say that every product has a different marketing 
strategy. So we are in the game. 
But replying specifically, where would the growth be coming from? I would 
say old molecules and the new molecules both taken together. And going 
forward new and new markets are opening up. Japan is opening up. And we 
are all discussing China. There is  tension at the border. But we are exporting 
to China. No doubt we have some import, but we are exporting to China. So 
China is a huge big market. So if we are able to grab one or two molecules for 
China, so we are able to supply good volumes to them, at good price. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 33 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So basically what you are saying is, in the existing molecule itself, so after 
geographical opens up, it opens up market for us, right? 
Sushil Suri: 
For example, sitting here, we do not understand Bangladesh and China; 
Bangladesh and Pakistan. In Pakistan we have got 800 customers. So it looks 
like ‘small Pakistan, yes, what will happen’, but once we go in we never know 
what sells. Somebody sometime, something clicks, and in one market it does 
not click in another market. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So then what is our capacity, means running capacity now? What is the 
capacity and what is the capacity utilization we are running? 
Sushil Suri: 
Dinesh, capacity in pharmaceutical is very overlapping. So same reactors can 
be used for different products. But presently we are able to, I would say we are 
fully optimized. We run around 70% to 80% capacities on the existing reactors 
what we have got. We keep on adding more reactors and maybe some 
balancing equipment. But I would say that we have already exhausted 
everything, but we are still doing routine CAPEX Rs. 15 crores to Rs. 20 crores 
every year to maintain those capacities. 
But the new plan what we have to add a new production blocks. When we add 
new production blocks then we have reactors and we have utilities and 
pipelines and services and all the engineering, generators, everything is added 
fresh so that we can double up or triple up our capacities. So as on today we 
have 70% to 80% utilization. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So we can go to 100% also, possible? 
Sushil Suri: 
We can. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Can we go to 100% also? Is it possible? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, look that is what I am saying. It is an overlapping thing. So technically 
whatever is happening is happening 100% only. But for example we are taking 
say, a batch of Atorvastatin which ran for seven days, so it is 100%, but for 
two days then there is a cleaning. Then may be some other product starts. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 33 
Maybe we have some pressing orders of fexofenadine. So at that stage there is 
a cleaning time, there is a break time, maybe there is a shortage of a raw 
materials, maybe there is some technical problem, maybe QC guy has not 
approved the product. 
So sometime it takes time so technically there is a continuous process and 
continuous batch after batch. So it is 24-hour cycle. So company is always 
running at a 100%. But effective capacity comes lower because of certain, I 
would say, breakdown maybe you can call it, or I would say sometime the 
engineering guy want a stopover. So 70% to 80% is very safe to assume. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Means, when we are optimally running now basically, then for a next two years 
how the growth will come, 15% to 20% what you are guiding because if we do 
not have the capacity? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, what I was telling that, we are adding, we are calling a routine CAPEX. 
Under the routine CAPEX we are upgrading the reactors. For example, if we 
have a reactor with a smaller capacity, a 3 KL reactor that is being upgraded to 
5KL or 8KL. Maybe the team feel that we need a glass light reactor at certain 
place and that instead of a 5KL reactor we put an 8KL reactor. Maybe the 
capacity of the centrifuge is smaller. At some time, we feel that okay we are 
losing lot of solvents and we need a bigger recovery plant. So those are the 
things which you keep on doing in routine. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay, that will suffice us for 15% to 20% growth? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, 15% to 20% CAGR is coming from that. And, whatever bottlenecks 
come, we keep solving the bottlenecks. And whatever we make any budgets or 
projections, that means the engineering guys have to stamp it, they have to 
agree. They have to rather say how much can they produce. And the target to 
the marketing team is whatever we produce that has to be sold. That is not the 
other way. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 33 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So sir, in the presentation, for the new capacity you have given some numbers 
that from a current level it will become this much units, means on a metric ton 
wise system? 
Sushil Suri: 
I do not have the data with me presently. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay, this expansion would add 2,000 metric tons manufacturing capacity in 
addition to 3,000 metric tons capacity which we already have. But that means 
our capacity is 3,000 metric tons? 
Sushil Suri: 
As on today it is 3,000 tons, but out of 3,000 tons we have to see which product 
is how much capacity. For example, there is one product, maybe it is just say 
$100 price and it may have a capacity of 1,200 tons. So I may not be producing 
that product, because that is not my high-yielding. So we want to produce 
products which are say $1,000 products. So we try to use that same capacity 
for other products. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Understood. So this capacity expansion will be? 
Sushil Suri: 
For example, Paracetamol is only a single step process but it is only $5 item. 
So we do not want to waste our time and energy making Paracetamol so even 
though I may have a capacity. But I can use the same capacity of, because of 
the same reactor, the same other solvents and whatever things, to produce 
something which is more useful and more in demand. So we usually have 
multi-stage synthesis, like 5-stage, 8-stage, 24-stage, 11-stage. So the more 
complex the reaction, the better is the value additions. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Sir, this capacity addition which you are saying, Rs. 180 crores, so which will 
be over the next two years we will do? The investment will happen every 
quarter, it is like that, it does not happen like that. How that investment will 
happen? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, once we have got requisite approvals, we will start the construction. So 
construction is going to take at least a year, year-and-a-half in making the 
building blocks. And side by side the machinery ordering will be started. And 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 33 
we hope that within two years everything will be fully functional. But from a 
capacity point of view, putting the whole capacities in function, maybe we have 
kept three years as a safe number. That in three years all the capacities will be 
functional. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So what will be the ATR, typically? What is the asset turnover can be there? 
Rs. 180 crores can generate how much in a peak? 
Sushil Suri: 
Basically that is how this, depends on the KL capacity. That how much KLs of 
reactors we are adding. So these Rs. 180 crores are adding the 400 KL of 
reactors, 400 KL capacity. So 400 KL capacity say is yielding to two tons. So 
it is 1 kiloliter adds to 5 tons of the finished product, of the finished API. So if 
it is an intermediate, it may be little more. If it is multiphase synthesis, it may 
be little less. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay, sir there is no one off in our Q1 number, any overlap on a Q4 number 
came to Q1? 
Sushil Suri: 
I would say there is. In March quarter we had lost some sale, which has 
certainly added up here. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
How much it is? 
Sushil Suri: 
Maybe Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 7 crores. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay, not substantial number? 
Sushil Suri: 
Not substantial. And because many things spilled over here and there, and few 
people were, I mean there were too many things happening in March and April. 
So let us not discuss it. We are through with that. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
My last question. Since we have, last four, five years we have done a 
phenomenal job in terms of sales, FY16 our sale was Rs. 450 crores, now we 
are running at run rate of Rs. 850 crores last year, FY20. But we have doubled 
our sales, but EBITDA it is absolute number it is more or less remained at the 
Rs. 60 crores run rate only. What are we missing in this? Because instead of 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 33 
operating leverage we are getting operative and deleveraging when the sales is 
going up? How to read that? 
Sushil Suri: 
We were saying that the top line has increased, but EBITDA has. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Absolute EBITDA is same for the last five years? 
Sushil Suri: 
So maybe I think it is a product mix at some stage. Maybe when we add new 
products we may have to sell cheaper, but as we stand now, I do not know 
specifically, but last few months or few quarters, so it is on the increasing side, 
but we can specifically study that because we have been adding new products 
and certainly to enter the new market. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So that is why we are sacrificing little bit in the margin side to enter into the 
client? 
Sushil Suri: 
Sometime we have to do, for example, the diagnostics, if we launch 
glucometer, so if we want a 100% market share and we want to be a market 
leader, so practically I will not say that we have to give it at discounts. 
Sometimes we have to install the meter for free. But once we install the meter, 
then you get the supply of strips. It is like that printer and cartridge model. 
Sell the meter and then you supply similarly in our OTC market now even 
during say COVID time we launched so many products, so the whole purpose 
is not to get profit here, the whole purpose to reach the market, be available in 
the market and then in the new molecules if we have been able to get a good 
traction, so it is now resulting and we are confident that coming forward and 
even during the running quarter, EBITDA numbers are seemingly very 
positive. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
Okay because absolute when you say that product mix change, but on a 
segmental wise number, which we give it has more or less remained API at 
55% only? 
Sushil Suri: 
Right, but at least we got the market share now, we got the customers now so 
you would be able to see it now. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 33 
Dinesh Kumar: 
But B2B business is it possible to increase margin once you is it is possible to 
because they know in and out of our everything? 
Sushil Suri: 
It is all demand and supply, during COVID time due to shortage, our raw 
material supply charge 30% to 40% increase in prices, freight was also four 
times, five times. So it is not a question of B2B and B2C, it is a question of 
demand and supply, so we are rightly placed now in the absence of this China 
story, India story is in demand, we are in demand. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So API margins are higher to us or it is the non-API business has higher margin 
to us? 
Sushil Suri: 
For us API margins are higher because we operate in the regulated market. 
Dinesh Kumar: 
So what you are saying is last four years we have utilized the API higher 
margin and we generated the diagnostic business from a Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 
60 crores run rate we are doing Rs. 170 crores run rate now because it is a 
phenomenal number? 
Sushil Suri: 
Even though practically all businesses are separate, but in case we club 
everything together, so naturally one business or the other is supporting each 
other, but as a company we have grown up and now you would see in the 
coming few quarters that diagnostic is coming as a big force. So we have been 
able to develop a good I would say standby business out of zero, because we 
are the only company in the country who are focused on diagnostics. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Upadhyay, who is an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Upadhyay: 
My first question is that as being equity shareholder, can I expect dividend 
from the upcoming quarter? 
Sushil Suri: 
Sure Vishal, as equity shareholder we are all expecting dividend, but I do not 
know when would the board take that call, but after the clearance of the bank 
preference shares, may be this year next year so maybe I cannot commit the 
numbers indeed. But yes we are all positive and hopeful, once the company 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 33 
has got surplus cash flows, so certainly some dividend would be coming up, 
but no promise as on today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ramesh Kasmekar, who is an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ramesh Kasmekar: 
I have basically three questions. One is you spoke a lot on the capacity. On 
your expansion capacities, which you expect to launch in next two or three 
years, I wanted to know whether you will be at present it appears that you have 
all multipurpose kind of a facility with a maybe common utility block. Have 
you examined as to whether the capacities utilization can go up if you have a 
dedicated facility for your blockbusters? 
Because as you rightly said there is a lot of changeover time when you have 
multipurpose facilities and almost about 20% to 25% of the capacity is lost in 
the changeover? So that is one question and then as a sequence to this whether 
these will be implemented in stages like in case you have a dedicated facility 
maybe that is possible. But in case you have a multipurpose facility maybe it 
is not possible. So could you please throw some light on this? 
Sushil Suri: 
Ramesh, I really appreciate that you are asking very intelligent question and I 
understand that you have some good trade knowledge and thank you for this. 
So I would say that certainly it is a no brainer that dedicated facilities are 
always more economical and more efficient, but to be paired with the plant 
team, so we have to see that first of all the product has to be sizeable. If we 
have a sizeable product like you said the blockbuster drug, so if it is a Rs. 100 
crores, Rs. 150 crores product. 
So at that stage we certainly would like to give a dedicated facility, so we have 
two to three products in that category. So then second is that the capital 
requirement. So far in last almost 18 years to 20 years, we have not done any 
major CAPEX, so now since we have our CAPEX plan, so while we certainly 
plan a multipurpose plant, but within multipurpose plant also there is a 
dedicated service line, there is a dedicated reactor and always when you say 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 24 of 33 
multipurpose it does not mean everything is multipurpose if say five reactors 
are dedicated to one product. 
So they keep on doing the same product rather in case we have some problem 
somewhere so there are given support of the other team, but certainly we will 
evaluate this suggestion of yours and in case we can have more and more 
facilities of dedicated to for a particular product. So we may have to have 
smaller production blocks, now we have huge production blocks, which have 
20 to 30 reactors, but sometime for example Sultamicillin we had antibiotic, 
antibiotic is on a separate, so it was a dedicated facility. 
But it was not very economical because Sultamicillin orders were not regular, 
so sometimes we try to take out those odd things out that everything should be 
multipurpose so that we can adapt more and more products, but we leave these 
to the plant guys, but thank you for your suggestion we will certainly do this. 
Ramesh Kasmekar: 
Yes, so is one, because you have some blockbusters and they are all lifestyle 
products like Montelukast, Loratadine and all that, these products have 
survived for a long time and they will continue to survive. So you might 
examine for these particular products because they must be already Rs. 100 
crores plus. The second question is you have done a remarkable job and I am 
really amazed the way you have got into these medical devices and the 
pharmaceutical side of it. 
The suggestion which I am, you can call it a suggestion or you can call it maybe 
kind of an idea. Would it make sense the company have a subsidiary or a 
subdivided company with two companies with a same exchange or shares and 
things like that, of course investment bankers will suggest you better. 
I am a chartered accountant, but as a CFO I would think that would it make 
sense to have two units under the same Dr. Morepen brand, one API, another 
medical devices or pharmaceuticals? Because the valuations will change, the 
valuations in case of APIs, which is having a presence in regulated markets 
could be higher and of course the medical devices and pharmaceutical side 
including your OTC side would command definitely a different valuation, 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 25 of 33 
which could be much higher than what you are getting kind of a combined 
valuation now? 
So it is only a kind of idea which came to my mind when I saw your 
performance, you have been very quick in putting new products there and may 
be they need some a gestation time by the time they actually fructify and reach 
a sizeable limit. But if you think of it from now in order to have a better focus, 
better capital management, whether would it make a sense to have, you must 
be having, you as on date you have two separate businesses in the same one 
business of Morepen. 
What I am saying is if you have two companies, which will be valued by the 
market separately based on their performances and based on what is the 
historical valuation the market gives to pharmaceuticals and API may be it will 
enhance the shareholders value. I will leave it to you of course, I mean this is 
something which you need maybe a deeper study? 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you Ramesh, it is a certainly a wonderful idea and on the lighter side, I 
would say your idea is approved, wonderful done, we will implement it. Look 
I think this has been on the cards for last few years and we may spin off our 
diagnostic devices business into a separate company. 
Ramesh Kasmekar: 
It is a great business and though the margins might be thin it is a consumable 
business and it could really take you places. That is what my personal view. 
When I saw your efforts in this quarter, they are amazing. The way you have 
launched the COVID range and all that maybe if you with the greater focus it 
could grow vertically that is what I feel? 
Sushil Suri: 
No doubt, so we are evaluating these things and not for valuation perspective 
particularly but from operation perspective that diagnostic has its own future 
and devices is one thing which is missing in India, so we want to focus on it. 
We are already finding a gap here in the market so lot of R&D is going. We 
have opened R&D center for that also, but we are waiting for it to catch a 
critical mass and once it has a critical mass then it can survive as independent 
company. So in this we certainly come back and as a chartered accountant you 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 26 of 33 
would understand we had certain limitations and restrictions from SEBI, so we 
are lying low and just preparing for the deal I would say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Damodar Prasad Aggarwal from Madhav 
Trade and Finance. Please go ahead. 
Damodar P. Aggarwal 
Mr. Suri, last year September you have passed a resolution for Rs. 3.7 crores 
equity shares to be allotted at Rs. 20 to the promoters, but due to SEBI 
regulations it was deferred. So now what are your plan, sir? 
Sushil Suri: 
Since we had done last year SEBI had stopped, so I would say my lips are still 
tight. 
Damodar P. Aggarwal 
but this year September it will be quashed, this will order will be exhausted? 
Sushil Suri: 
We still have to wait for few more days and we will see that since the Rs. 20 
price is no more available now but we will check with what are the overall 
factors and that time we were thinking that we will bring in equity in the 
company and we will pay the bankers. So we will check with the bankers what 
is the plan, but I would say that as on today till the time there is restrictions 
from the SEBI, so we will like to keep quiet on this topic. You will have to 
wait for another three to four weeks. 
Damodar P. Aggarwal 
Okay, but we are very much optimistic sir. 
Sushil Suri: 
Look company is doing good, everything is good, so we are all positive, 
Damodar Bhai. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of C. Srihari from PCS 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
C. Srihari: 
My question is on the API front. Basically if you could please share what is the 
EBITDA margin for this division? And secondly as far as the CAPEX is 
concerned what is the kind of asset turn you would expect and will the 
EBITDA margin of that CAPEX be substantially more than the recent one? 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 27 of 33 
Sushil Suri: 
Your question is one is EBITDA margins of the API business? 
C. Srihari: 
That is right. 
Sushil Suri: 
I will take out separately. We do not share the division wise EBITDA margins, 
but in general I will give you the range, so we do not give segment wise. So 
API EBITDA is between 19% to 20% and of course it is expected to go higher 
as we spend more and more on the new molecules. But in general API had been 
giving us a good results so this is as against typical I would say belief that many 
people believe that API is a low end business and finished dosage is a high end 
business. 
But since we do high-end APIs so we can get same EBITDA in the APIs also 
may be now in the current year maybe it is a little more, higher than that also. 
When we would add more CAPEX, so these margins will multiple because the 
turnover will multiply and fixed expenses are not very high. So we are pretty 
comfortable and hopeful that may be this EBITDA may go up to 25%. 
C. Srihari: 
And question I was thinking the three years kind of a timeline that you have 
given seems to be a bit conservative. Are you implementing it in phases or 
there are chances of project based in commission even earlier than that? 
Sushil Suri: 
I think on ground it may take some time, but we are only concerned about our 
regulatory challenges and fronts. As on today government is technically 
encouraging that we should do it fast and single window clearance has come 
up within two months, but we do not know when we do we get environment 
clearance even though they say it is a state matter now earlier it was required 
from center. But we should always keep some margins looking at the approval 
system and Pharma is one line where we have lot of regulatory requirements, 
but had it been only an intermediate plant and no approvals required, we could 
have started within one year. So who knows when we start putting up the things 
on ground? 
Depending on demand and supply, we may start early, but from a projection 
perspective we are keeping it under the carpet. We are keeping some cushions. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 28 of 33 
What you talked about routine CAPEX, in routine CAPEX we start everything 
within one month, within two months. We do not sometime take a shutdown 
more than two hours, so but because it is a running thing, but when I say it is a 
new plant, so certainly it is better to have a more and more plants. 
C. Srihari: 
What is the implementation period you expect? Let us say once you get the 
clearances, how long will it take for you to commission these projects? 
Sushil Suri: 
The plant guys has given one year is for the construction and ordering of the 
machinery and one-and-a-half year all installation completed and we will be 
doing all the trials and everything in the second half of the second year. So 
technically we are up and running, so when we say three years these whole 
plants will be running in three years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Chirag Patel, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Patel: 
I have three questions. The first one is as earlier participant asked regarding 
that our turnover is increasing in the last three financial years, but EBITDA 
margins are not increasing, but if we look at the proportion of API contribution, 
it increased from 60 to 65 in some years. So as earlier you mentioned that in 
API we are getting a good margin by selecting a good API and all products 
within bucket. So just I want to understand where is the efficiency lacking or 
is there any area where we can do debottlenecking to increase margin further? 
Sushil Suri: 
Certainly that is a very challenging and self introspection we have been doing, 
but as we shared that API certainly in general is good profiteering and making 
good margin, but certainly we are investing on CAPEX, we are investing on 
some other division and within API also we are trying to capture new markets, 
we are spending on the new markets and of course there is some I would say 
business development expenses, which are important which we do. We are 
spending on R&D, so we do not have to see any business on I would say short 
term or micro basis or on a quarterly basis. So once we are investing on R&D 
and R&D has a got a pipeline of 20 to 30 drugs. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 29 of 33 
So maybe we are not seeing that profit, but if today I say, today I have got Rs. 
580 crores expansion because I have a product pipeline and tomorrow 
somebody comes from Russia market or comes from US market and they want 
particular specs we can give that because we have invested in QC, we have 
invested in R&D and as a conservative company we do not try to capitalize the 
expenses and show higher profit. We always try to expense out and it is better 
to have because we do not have any tax shelter, so it is better that whatever we 
have we should expense out and may be because there is some fluctuation 
there. 
But if you observe last few quarters, so the profit and EBITDA of API is also 
altogether increasing. Now diagnostic is standing on its feet, finished dosages, 
now for example this last quarter, there was nothing much happening on 
finished dosage, so there were no marketing expense, there were no travel, 
there was nothing, so the profit is showing up. 
Chirag Patel: 
Okay and my second question is on home diagnostic devices. Like whatever 
the product we have in our portfolio, what we are offering like glucometer, BP 
meter and any others, how many of them being manufactured by us and how 
many are just credit products? 
Sushil Suri: 
We have capacity and skills to manufacture all the things including BP 
monitors, glucometers and stethoscopes, nebulizers, Oximeters, even the 
noncontact thermometers, but it all depends on our present capacities, our 
availability of raw materials, availability of manpower. But just to give an idea, 
glucometer is 100% manufactured, not now for the last three years, glucometer, 
glucometer strips. BP monitors we have started manufacturing, but till 
December it was imported, but now in the COVID times some imports are 
manufacturing because there are restriction on the manufacturing also. 
Nebulizers we some manufacture in house, some we manufacture from a local 
source and we do the complete part and then we have stethoscopes, which we 
assemble in house, but some parts are manufactured from Delhi and Noida and 
then we have Oximeters, which is 100% in house with some import of parts 
from China. So basically it is product to product, case to case, time to time 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 30 of 33 
because we do not have huge capacities available suddenly at hand, so last year 
we expanded the capacities of diagnostic. 
And there is a big regulation of coming for new medical devices rule according 
to which we have to have a certain type of coordinate and certain classification 
of the products in a certain way, so we can produce only the things where we 
are compliant with the government norms. But we are the only company who 
is making this effort to manufacture in India. 
Chirag Patel: 
Like there is one company Poly Medicure. They are in surgical instruments, so 
do you have any plan to foray in to that apart from home diagnostic device? 
Sushil Suri: 
Chirag, we have been doing all those things in the past and we were doing 
some hospital business with of course high-end business from blood banking 
and high technology of those devices for checking your hemoglobin, but we 
could see that we are not trained to handle hospital business and there is lot of 
red-tapism and there is lot I would say underhand dealings which we have to 
do at the hospital business, which we are not good at. 
So we have smartly and silently left that business and we are focusing more 
with our consumer because Dr. Morepen is a brand, it is a B2C brand, but as 
far as I know they give a damn to the brand, they want their own lowest tender 
and we are not into tender business at all. 
During this COVID time, we had lot of opportunities to launch these COVID 
vaccines and other drugs, but we could see that there is norms and so much 
tendering and so much kick backs going, so we decided not to enter into it. 
Chirag Patel: 
Okay and as earlier participant suggested that to separate the diagnostic device 
business, so and you also welcomed that step. So by any timeline internally as 
you said since last three years you were discussing on this particular corporate 
action? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, this is I would say an event, which is on the cards, but it really depends 
what critical mark do we have and what are the opportunities for that business 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 31 of 33 
to grow, but now since because of this COVID everything, I would say 
everybody is wearing different caps now, do I survive today, do I survive 
tomorrow, what will happen. 
For example, this Oximeter, this was never in our agenda. Oximeter and this 
oxygen concentrator, noncontact thermometer these are needs of today, so we 
are naturally refiguring ourselves according to the new world, new normal and 
certainly devices are going to be a separate division someday and I would like 
to keep quiet there at what stage I do not know. Since it is a sensitive 
information, I would like to keep quiet. 
Chirag Patel: 
Okay and any debt or capital raising plan, going forward? 
Sushil Suri: 
Chirag, as on today thankfully we have enough cash accruals, but as we go 
forward and if we could find better opportunity for any CAPEX and in case we 
need to raise small debt, we can always raise that. We have a free balance sheet 
and it really depends on the market conditions. We took 20 years to get debt 
free, so we are in a way very happy to be debt free and we do not want to 
become a debt company again, but nevertheless it is very efficient to take a low 
cost debt, but we will see at appropriate time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have one last question in queue. We take the last question from 
the line of Ramesh Kasmekar, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ramesh Kasmekar: 
Suri sab, I forgot to mention one more thing. In India there are lot of bulkers 
capacities available, where they do give you the drug intermediates, let us say 
you have Montelukast you have four stages, so you have three stages, so you 
can get some of them manufactured on a principle to principle basis or even on 
loan license basis. Have you examined this option? 
Maybe it requires separate supervisory and QC model in your quality control 
department, but as I understand sometimes it is worth, where you find that your 
costs are much lesser than the cost in a regulated kind of manufacturing 
capacity. You must have probably examined this, but if not there are number 
of such units are available, who are willing to do business on these? 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 32 of 33 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes Ramesh, we are always happy to look at these opportunities and you 
rightly pointed out that it is a very dedicated effort and we need a separate team 
who can look at the quality. So as per the latest FDA norms and customer 
practices and audit practices all the vendors have to be approved. So if the 
vendor is so for KSM, key starting material or any key intermediate that vendor 
has to agree for audit. So the facility should be auditable, so most of our small 
friends here and there in our neighborhood, around our Himachal, Chandigarh 
area and lot of factories in Hyderabad. 
So they technically are ready to supply a material at say “x” price, they will 
give you 10% discount, but they do not agree or admit for audit. So that is 
sometimes a restriction may be at some stage as a company we may say okay, 
we will upgrade your facilities and invest on that. But honestly we have not 
spent much time and resources on that, but yes it is a good suggestion that 
basically it is expanding your own capacities, but like you said sometimes it is 
cheaper to get material from these unorganized sector. 
But I am sorry to say that unfortunately we cannot acquire from these 
unorganized sector, we want approved sources only. So if we want approved 
sources that has to come to our standard whether he does it or we do it. 
Ramesh Kasmekar: 
Yes, I agree you have to have a dedicated kind of a team procurement and QC 
both combined? 
Sushil Suri: 
And who has some budget also that in case they need to improve something, 
they are into add some systems, add some filters or add some whatever things, 
so we should be able to do that. 
Ramesh Kasmekar: 
Yes, these are long term kind of things. 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, may be in the coming time when we are expanding capacities, so in our 
neighborhood areas we certainly do that and during this lockdown there have 
been many unfortunate incidents and many people are approaching us for some 
sort of collaboration. So certainly we are evaluating on individual basis, but I 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
September 1, 2020 
 
 
Page 33 of 33 
appreciate your open suggestion and certainly we need more good suggestions 
like this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now like 
to hand the conference back to Mr. Vastupal Shah for closing comments. 
Vastupal Shah: 
Thank you everyone for joining the conference call of Morepen Laboratories 
Limited. If you have any queries, you can write to us at 
‘vastupal@kirinadvisors.com’ and once more thank you everyone for joining 
the conference. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you Mr. Shah. Thank you, all the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
