FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
FIL/SE/2020-21/22 
5th September 2020
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-l, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Security Symbol: FILATEX
BSE Limited 
Listing Department
25th Floor, Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalai Street,
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code: 526227
Sub.: Transcript of Conference Call on 31st August 2020
Dear Sir,
This is in continuation to our letter No. FIL/SE/2020-21/16 dated 28th August, 2020 
on the Q.1FY21 Earnings Conference Call on 31st August, 2020. Please find enclosed 
the transcript in respect of the same.
This is for your information and records please.
Thanking You,
Yours Faithfully,
For FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
COMPANY SECRETARY
Enel.: a/a
CORPORATE OFFICE
Bhageria House 
43 Community Centre 
New Friends Colony
NSW Uemi - li0 0 2 0 , India
P +91.11.26312503,26848633/44 
F +91.11.26849915
E fiidelhi@filatex.com
REGD. OFFICE 4 WORKS
0. No, 2 74 Demnl Road
Dadra ■ 396193
U.T. of.Dadra & Nagar Haveli
India
SURAT OFFICE
B h a g e r i a H o u s e
Ring Road 
Surat 
395002
India
P +91.260.2668349/8510 
F +91.260.2668344 
E fildadra@filatex.com
P +91.261.4030000 
F +91.261.2310796 
E filsurat@filatex.com
Website: www.filatex.com
MUMBAI OFFICE
32 1 , M aker C h am b er - V
Nariman Point 
Mumbai -400021 
India
P +31.22.22026005/06 
F +91.22.22026006 
E filmumbai@filatex.com

 
 
Page 1 of 34 
 
 
 
“Filatex India Limited Q1 FY-21 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MADHU SUDHAN BHAGERIA – CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. ASHOK CHAUHAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MS. STUTI BHAGERIA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE STRATEGY 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANISH MODI – KIMENG SECURITIES INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 34 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Filatex India Limited Q1 FY21 Earnings 
Conference Call hotsed by KimEng Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Manish 
Modi from KimEng Securities. Thank you and over to you Mr. Modi. 
Manish Modi: 
Thank you Janise. Hello everyone. On behalf of Maybank, welcome to the first quarter result 
con-call of Filatex India. I have with me the management of Filatex, Mr. Bhageria. Over to you 
sir.   
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria:  Thank you. Good day and a warm welcome to all of you attending this earning call for the first 
quarter of FY21. I presume you would have gone through the presentation which has been 
uploaded on our website as well as on the stock exchanges. I have with me Mr. Chauhan – our 
Executive Director and Ms. Stuti Bhageria – Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy. This 
certainly is a bit late to be sharing with you the performance for the period April to June 2020. 
However this is as real time as it could be. The cause of delay is as you all know well, COVID-
19 which is still causing havoc in all aspects of daily lives, jobs, businesses across all segments 
except a few who are engaged in maintaining essential services. The sudden announcement of 
lockdown on 24th March at four hours’ notice has caused great distress to businesses. The 
lockdown was extended hoping that spread of disease will be contained. That was not to be. The 
disease continued to spread causing disruption of businesses, jobs, income and daily lives. It 
won’t be an exaggeration to say the pandemic and efforts to contain it spreading across the 
country has crippled the economy. The government realizing the acute hardship due to loss of 
income of common man had to announce partial lifting of lockdown. This announcement 
allowed us to evaluate restarting our plants at partial capacity.  
It can be argued that the lowest point of the economy will come after and not before the number 
of COVID cases have peaked. Yet in the interim, as we keep passing weeks and months, the 
economic stress continues to build because the economy is working well below its potential. 
That essentially translates to individuals earning less and as a result holding back consumption.  
Let me emphatically express that after partial lifting of national lockdown it was a tough call 
when to restart the operations. The downstream markets were closed or under lockdown, 
shortage of labor and the onus to make all provisions for hygiene, social distancing and sanitation 
presented a dismal picture. Despite the gloomy scenario our team wanted to go ahead. I may not 
be wrong to say that amongst large manufacturers we were the first one to start the plants. We 
restarted partial operations in our Dahej plant from 21st May and this was communicated to both 
the stock exchanges. However continuation of lockdown at state level, containment zones across 
different areas, suspension of public transport and sealing of inter-state borders presented major 
challenges. We strongly believe that there is no unique strategy in tough time except hard work 
and perseverance. Our primary focus during these difficult times was on survival. The first up 
was to ensure the well-being of employees and their families. Returning to work was the second 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 34 
major step which involved work from home as well as flexible timings for those whose presence 
was necessary for the few hours. Strict hygiene regulations have been implemented at the 
workplace along with social distancing measures.  
In overall perspective, the first quarter financially has not been good. In reality it’s a misnomer 
to call it a quarter, it is just about a month that too at partial capacity. In terms of numbers, we 
were able to produce only 19% of our production, that to mainly chips and POY, compared to 
that we had achieved in Q4 FY20. In this quarter, we have not been able to cover our costs. That 
is why the EBITDA is negative at around 6 crores. As part of survival strategy we had to sell the 
material at low prices which was essentially to revive the inertia of downstream markets and end 
users. It would be meaningless to compare Q1 data on year-on-year or Q-on-Q basis.  
However, as we have made an operating loss it would be pertinent to explain the reasons. Not 
only was the capacity utilization low, there was also less volumes of value-added products. At 
the time of restart the demand for FDY was very low, in texturizing the volumes are low as this 
is a labor-intensive operation and we could not mobilize enough workers. Another factor that 
has contributed to the overall loss is stock loss. The raw material prices, which have a linkage to 
crude prices, fell significantly from Rs. 53.50 to Rs. 42.50, a drop of Rs 11 per kg. Thus, the 
stock sold was at lower value and stock in hand is valued at current prices resulting in further 
loss.  
In spite of dismal a quarter we continued our efforts to get manpower back from the respective 
villages, districts so that the production volume should be increased. Notwithstanding the recent 
unprecedented setback we remain bullish about our future prospects. The massive disruption of 
the economy on account of pandemic COVID is across all countries. The comparative strength 
of the Indian industry is intact. We believe Indian polyester industry has a potential to meet 
increasing domestic as well as international demand. Government of India has finally realized 
the importance of man-made fibers as part of textile chain and has taken favorable decision. The 
disadvantage in global competitiveness on account of anti-dumping duty on key raw material 
PTA is no more.  
However the polyester industry continues to suffer on account of inverted GST structure; higher 
rate of 18% on the raw materials, 12% on finished products like yarn and going forward 5% 
fabric and garments. We understand that Government of India is in the process of correcting the 
inverted duty structure. This will ease out the financial stress of the polyester manufacturer at 
no loss of revenue for the government. 
We have also added more texturizing capacity during the last quarter Q4 FY20 and there was 
one lot that got held up for commissioning due to sudden lockdown. All the texturizing machines 
are now commissioned, and we have declared commercial production as of today. We remain 
focused on increasing margins not just through cost reduction but also by adding new filaments 
with niche characteristics. Trial run of some of the new filaments have slowed down due to 
shortage of labor at the user’s end.  

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 34 
As mentioned earlier we are in the process of setting up 30 MW captive power plant. Its 
implementation was also stalled by COVID lockdown due to force majeure by all suppliers, the 
engineering and fabrication work was stopped. We are now targeting commissioning by April 
2021. Still a very aggressive timeline which is difficult but not impossible. The annual impact 
of savings in energy costs upon completion of the project will be in the magnitude of Rs. 45 to 
50 crores annually.  
We had initiated some research work on recycling of polyester waste in all forms. This is based 
on de-polymerization of polyester and removing colors, additives etc. before re-polymerization. 
Our pilot plant trial results are encouraging. The demand for recycled polyester will be 
interesting as there is greater awareness about sustainability. All reputed international brands 
have shown a preference as well as readiness to pay a substantial price premium for recycled 
products.  
Survival is followed by revival; prices are firming up, cutsomer are back in production, 
downstream industry also is seeing revival of demand. The operating rates for our industry as a 
whole are above 80% and downstream industry has also caught up and are also around 80%. I’m 
pleased to inform that our capacity utilization rates have been increasing continuously since 
June. We have as of today achieved full capacity utilization of our yarn capacity. The demand 
as well as margins have improved significantly in last fortnight. We are sure that polyester 
industry will do well in times to come. In second quarter we should break even or maybe achieve 
small profit. Thank you for your attentive listening. I’m sure there will be some questions. I 
request the moderator to start the Q&A session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, 
we will now begin the question-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Hetal Shah 
from Berman India. 
Hetal Shah: Last quarter our finance cost was around 22 
crores and this quarter it is around 17, what is 
the reason, any repayment? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, the reason basically is we 
have some Euro loans, so in the Quarter 4, there 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 34 
was a currency loss more than in Q1 of this year. 
That is why it is there, this is the main reason. 
Hetal Shah: What was the last quarter? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Last quarter means Q4 FY20? 
Hetal Shah: Yes.  
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Q4 FY20 it was 22 crores that 
included around 8 to 9 crores of currency loss. 
This quarter it is 17 crores, so it includes around 
4.5 crores of currency loss. So the only 
difference between the quarters is that the 
currency loss has been lower in this quarter 
compared to the last quarter. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Basant 
Pandey, Individual Investor.  
Basant Pandey: 
I would like to ask you how were our cash 
flows during this last quarter, have we even able 
to meet our cash flows properly? 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 34 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, cash flow wise there was no 
issue because if you will see in this Q1, our cash 
flow is roughly around 20 crores because in the 
17 crores of interest, this 4.5 crores is notional 
because that just increases your debt by 4.5 
crores. You don’t have to repay that. And also 
we had taken 20 crores of working capital extra 
loan which was offered as 10% of the CC limits 
by the banks so that we don’t have any stress on 
the working capital. That’s how we met the cash 
flows of Quarter 1. 
Basant Pandey: 
Must have been very difficult but good to 
hear that you have managed it. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, cash flow wise we have no 
issues, even our suppliers are extending more 
credit. So right now I can tell you our utilization 
of cash credit limits is negligible. There is no 
problem of cash flow in the company. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 34 
Basant Pandey: 
Another small question, what is the total 
amount of outstanding in the euro loans right 
now? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It will be approximately around 
32 million. 
Basant Pandey: 
€32 million? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kanika 
Pandit from Kaptify. 
Participant: This is Kanika’s colleague. I wanted to know 
what kind of revenue can we extract from the 
newly 
commissioned 
DTY 
facility, 
the 
announcement that you made today and what 
will be the benefit of that on margins? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: The DTY is basically further 
processing of the POY. Therefore, on the 
topline there will not be much impact, but the 
value of the product will increase and definitely 
on the bottom line we will have impact of that. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 34 
Participant: In the longer term what kind of margin 
improvement can we expect in this? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Already we had commissioned a 
part of these machines, only a few machines like 
we were to put 38 machines, out of that only 10-
11 machines were yet to be commissioned 
which have been commissioned now. About the 
margins I cannot say much about but we will 
definitely have a good second half of this year 
because this is a very small part of the expansion 
which has come in this quarter. So, it will 
definitely have an impact but not a very 
significant impact on the margins. 
Participant: You are setting up the power plant, by when it 
could be operational and again what will be the 
levers in terms of margin benefits on account of 
that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: So that we are expecting it to be 
operational by April ‘21 and that will save us a 
power cost annually of anywhere from 45 crores 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 34 
up to 50 crores. So our power bill will go down, 
so that savings will add more to the EBITDA 
and bottom line by around 50 crores. 
Participant: In percentage terms how much would that be? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Percentage terms? Percentage 
top line is very difficult because of the... 
Participant: No, saving in the power cost in percentage 
terms. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It would be around 2% you can 
say, anything from 1.8% to 2%. 
Participant: 2% for revenue? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes 2% of the total revenue 
assuming the prices remained in this bracket. 
Participant: I believe you just said in your previous 
comments that you are now at 90% of capacity 
utilization.  
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: As of today, 31st of August, all 
our yarn capacities are now running full, only 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 34 
chips where it’s more of a demand and supply 
and the margins are very low in the chips 
business, so there the utilization is low because 
the demand is not much. Otherwise yarn which 
is the main bread-and-butter of the company, 
there we have now achieved full production. 
Last two machines which were not working 
have also started working from today. So 
everything is operating as of today. 
Participant: So in the last 15 days or 1 month which are the 
sectors where you’re witnessing this demand 
uptake primarily, apparels, home furnishing 
what kind of… 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, home furnishing started 
earlier that is in Ludhiana and Panipat area but 
we were still facing lack of demand in Surat and 
Maharashtra like Bhiwandi and all these areas 
which have also started picking up from last 
fortnight. So that has really picked up the 
demand and once they are starting the unit they 
need more material initially to load the 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 34 
machines and to run and to have some 
inventory. So demand has really picked up and 
there is an improvement in the margins also. 
Main thing is the margin; the margins also have 
moved up quite a bit in the last fortnight. 
Participant: How was the receivable scenario now because 
since units are just starting up what kind of 
credit cycles are you offering? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: There is no stress on the 
receivable cycle. Our receivable cycle for the 
local is around 15-20 days and export of course 
it depends whether it’s LC or otherwise, so 
export cycle is normally around 45 days. And I 
can tell you during the COVID times whatever 
payments were there, we have received all the 
payments which were due. So there is no 
payment which has been defaulted or anything. 
There are a few payments which are coming a 
little slow but they are coming. It’s not that they 
are not paying at all and that number is very-
very small. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 34 
Participant: What are you seeing from the Chinese market, 
are we seeing any extra orders in international 
business coming up because China there are lot 
of issues happening globally? Lot of countries 
are wanting not to trade with them, are you 
seeing any business requirement in the 
international export market? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: That is not reflecting in the 
benefit as of now because some of the countries 
which are the buyers in export market, like 
Brazil is a big buyer, they were also facing lot 
of pandemic issues but now they are coming out 
of it, so market is reviving. But there are one or 
two good things that have happened locally - 
now the import of fabric from China and 
garments from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka will 
go down because the Government of India has 
come with the regulation that even if they have 
a free trade agreement with these countries they 
have certain restrictions they have put about 
value additions before the things can be 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 34 
imported as zero duty. So that will definitely 
increase the domestic demand because the 
imports will be less and people are hesitant to 
import from China in India per se. One reason is 
obvious because of patriotic reason, second is 
they feel that any time Government of India can 
come up with some additional duty on the 
Chinese products. So nobody wants to take a 
chance and buy and also people are not able to 
travel, so in fabric and garments people want to 
see before ordering most of the time. So all 
those factors will definitely create lot of global 
demand. Also there was a fire in one of our 
major producers of yarn just before the 
pandemic started. So almost 5% to 6% of the 
capacity has been wiped out and I don’t foresee 
that it can come back before 1.5-2 years because 
the delivery of those machines is also very long. 
Participant: 5% to 7% of India capacity? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: 5% to 6% of the Indian capacity 
was wiped out in that fire. It was a massive fire. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 34 
Participant: 
Which means you’re talking of almost 600 to 700 tons 
per day? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, it was more than 700 tons per day 
capacity which got wiped out. The total building also 
collapsed and all the machines got destroyed. 
Participant: 
But then how much time would it take for this to come 
back and of course I mean existing players would 
benefit? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It will take at least 1.5 years because the 
delivery of these machines, I know for sure, is not 
ordered also because in these pandemic times their 
insurance claim and everything will take lot of time 
and the delivery itself is from 14 to 16 months for 
those machines and then once you get them then to 
install another 2-3 months. So I think it will be almost 
end of ‘22 before the facility would start or maybe 
second half of ‘22. 
Participant: 
Would this help us in the export business as well? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Not much in export but definitely the 
overall market conditions will improve because the 
supply-side is getting restrained and demand is there. 
So I think the margin should improve because of that 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 34 
locally as well as some impact on international 
because for international it’s too small a number. 
Participant: 
What is the benefit that we would be getting and other 
players because of the removal of ADD on PTA? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: That is for everybody in India, so in Indian 
market now we are more competitive compared to 
anybody who can import. Normally the prices are 
pegged against landed import prices. So that will help 
us in increasing our margins from let’s say raw 
material to finish, the margin was Rs. 30 a kg before 
the anti-dumping that you put. So now it can be around 
Rs. 31.50 or 32 because the landed price of the 
finished product will remain same but the raw material 
prices will go down. So that will give us an ease and 
now it is easy to export because now we don’t 
necessarily need to import also. You can buy locally 
and take duty drawback and export. So overall it 
should give us a benefit of at least Rs. 1.5 in the 
margins in the long run once the demand is coming 
back to the normal. 
Participant: 
You mean 1.5%? 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 34 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes if you say percent or rupee, it’s similar 
because the product is around Rs. 80-90 a kg. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kamlesh 
Agarwal, Individual Investor. 
Kamlesh Agarwal: I have a question regarding the demand what 
you’re seeing today, is it because of the pent-up 
demand or the market is getting normal and how do 
you see this in the coming quarter? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It’s very difficult to predict what kind of 
demand is coming up so soon but Yes, I think it’s a 
normal demand which is coming up like for winters 
now people are getting ready because fabrics you have 
to make much before the winters come in or the season 
I would say. But now people are coming back to 
normal life this is what I feel because export also we 
are seeing some demand coming. So I feel this is a 
normal demand because this is not coming in a big 
way all of a sudden. People have started their 
operations downstream so that’s why the demand has 
picked up. Also now till November and December, 
normally the demand is good till February every year. 
We have normally April to June are a little slack 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 34 
months otherwise demand increases from August and 
remains steady till February-March. 
Kamlesh Agarwal: So with the current demand which is at—you are 
saying—operating at 100%, so can we expect the 
current quarter to be seen as a pre-COVID quarter? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, the current quarter will not be same 
because July we didn’t have much production, then 
August was not 100%, only September will have 
100%. So that is why I’m saying that we should be out 
of the red and we should have a black quarter, I mean 
we should have a slight profit or something like that. 
So that itself will be a big change because in these 90 
days the overall production will not be more than 50-
55 days of production if I take it on a full production 
basis. As of today I am saying it’s 100%, so next 30 
days it will be 100 but last 60 days you can say would 
not be 100%. That could be around 30 or 35 days, so 
overall we will get around 60 days of production and 
the margins have also just improved. Previously we 
were producing and selling but the margins were quite 
low. 
Kamlesh Agarwal: And these margins which you are saying 
improved are sustainable? 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 34 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, they are sustainable. They have not 
still come to the pre-COVID levels but they are 
coming very close to the pre-COVID level, so almost 
like 85%- 90% of the pre-COVID levels. so by the 
month end we should be at around pre-COVID level 
hopefully and then you have some bookings always 
with 15-20  days of booking lagging is there, so that 
will go at the old prices only. Whatever we have been 
booking from last one week has the higher prices. So 
the full impact will come in the third quarter, second 
quarter we’ll be able to break even. From the 38 crores 
loss in the last quarter if we even break even that’s a 
significant improvement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harish Siath, 
Individual Investor. 
Harish Siath: Today we have said that some capacity has started. So 
I just wanted to reconfirm the Slide #14 on the 
presentation it shows 3,83,000 our capacity net. Is it 
inclusive of that or that will be added to this? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No. 3,83,000 is my total capacity. Out of 
that the chips capacity is not running at full capacity, 
the chips might be running around… 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 34 
Harish Siath: This new capacity what you’ve started commercial 
production… 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes, all is included in that. 
Harish Siath: In 3,83,000 it is included?  
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: 3,83,000 includes everything. 
Harish Siath: That means more of the POY will be consumed into 
DTYs now 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: POY will get more into DTY now. 
Harish Siath: Secondly we are talking about industries, what is our 
roughly market share in the industry in India? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It could be about 7.5%-8% of the industry. 
Harish Siath: You referred it to earlier question that some of the 
capacity got the fire. This was in India or somewhere 
else? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: India only. 
Harish Siath: What part of the country? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It’s a plant in Silvassa. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 34 
Harish Siath: One more thing, do you foresee any more competition 
coming because of as you know the Reliance is taking 
over the Alok industries and they were running it with 
30% capacity and now it’s expected that because of 
Reliance support  they may increase their capacity. So 
do we see any competition from the Alok and will it 
have any impact on our production and sales? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Alok’s polyester capacity was running at 
around 60% and they would be ramping it up to 100%. 
So in that sense I think the filament yarn per se they 
were not running fiber also and they have some fiber 
so in filament yarn their capacity utilization was close 
to 70%-75%. They will be bringing in 200-250 tons of 
more POY and DTY. And that should not be a 
problem. 
Harish Siath: And just to compare the size between Alok. You are 
bigger than Alok or Alok is bigger than you? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria:  
Filament wise we are almost similar. 
They have fiber also 210 tons that is extra. If we talk 
about filament yarn we are almost similar. Now 
maybe 2%-4% they could be higher or such. Not 
more. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 34 
Harish Siath: What is the CAPEX for the power plant? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria:  Power plant the CAPEX is 165 crores. 
Harish Siath: Internal accrual or would be funded also? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: It’s both internal accrual and funded. So 
around 50 crores are internal accrual and 115 crores is 
loans from the banks. 
Harish Siath: Talking about the market segment, which segment the 
market we are more predominant? Like say in west, in 
western area of Gujarat or Maharashtra. Where are we 
having more customers? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: All the segments. See we cannot afford to 
be not present in any segment. We are present in all 
the segments. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Basant Pandey, 
Individual Investor. 
Basant Pandey: You’ve been mentioning about the new filament that 
we are doing R&D on. Can you please elaborate on 
that a bit and are they niche product in technical 
textiles or what? 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 34 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No, they are for fabrics only and there is a 
write up on the website about each product. They are 
different products with shrinkage or some other feels 
which they give it the yarn. 4-5 products which we 
have brought up recently but we could not properly 
market that due to the lockdown caused by COVID. It 
will need lot of marketing effort and right now the 
downstream people are also not interested in the new 
products. Right now they think they want to bring 
their production on line first. But yes, we have 
developed quite a bit of new products which we feel 
in the future should give us better margins. 
Basant Pandey: I have seen them on your website called COTSLON 
and FLEXI-FIL. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: So all those things. We have a team to 
develop and market these products.  
Basant Pandey:  
So the development is basically complete. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria:   
These are normal like to help us in 
doing that. 
Basant Pandey: So the R&D and development of those products is 
completed right? 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 34 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes. We have people who are just 
dedicatedly doing that job. 
Basant Pandey: And these products would definitely fetch a premium 
and add to your volumes? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Of course. As and when the people start 
using them they will definitely give a premium. Of 
course the volumes will be less initially but yes of 
course. You have to make a beginning and then. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kanika Pandit 
from Kaptify. 
Participant: 
Just a follow up question. Could you tell us a bit more 
about your pilot plant on the recycled business? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: There’s a good demand for the recycled 
products and in India, there’s only one company 
who’s manufacturing, Polygenta, with the chemical 
process. Rest whatever the people are doing in India 
is making fiber through bottles, cleaning the bottles 
and just recycling them into fiber. So this is a different 
concept. We will be taking the polyester waste, 
melting it, de-polymerizing it and bringing it back to 
almost raw material stage, taking out all the impurity 
and then again doing the polymerization. So to do the 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 24 of 34 
R&D we have made a pilot small plant in Dahej. So 
there we will do the R&D and then see that we are 
successful with the system and then we want to patent 
that technology and then put up a plant to do that. So 
that trials are going on. Of course for last 4-5 months 
nothing much could be done but again now it has 
restarted. So hopefully by the year end we should be 
at some conclusive stage for taking it forwarding to a 
bigger plant. So whatever trials have been done, are 
quite encouraging and it looks like we are in the right 
direction. And of course material balancing and then 
of course the power and heat balancing have to be 
done to see that it is economically viable. That is the 
R&D which we are doing. The plant, the small plant 
that we have built up is so though the things are setup 
in a smaller way but in a realistic way of what will 
happen in the bigger plant. 
Participant: 
But what stage are we in? Is this pilot successful and 
we are now conceptualizing the next stage or we’re 
still in the first? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We’re conceptualizing means the pilot is 
there but every time you do the trials then you feel like 
we should change this. So it’s a slow process. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 25 of 34 
Sometimes you have to make changes in the plant also 
something which you are doing first you want to do it 
later or like that. So small changes are to be done. And 
every time they do a few batches then they realize this 
is the problem and then try to find a solution to that 
problem. So it’s like doing R&D but I’m sure we are 
quite near I mean to the final thing 90% we are able to 
achieve but last 5%-7% we need to do more R&D on 
that. 
Participant: 
Are there any other companies globally who are doing 
this because when you are talking about patent you are 
talking about Indian patent or global patent? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Of course we will do global patent also but 
then there are a lot of companies who are going into 
this but everybody is trying different ways to do it so 
I don’t know what ways because nobody discloses as 
well. So everybody is trying to find a way and there 
are a lot of companies and they are investing a huge 
amount. I think IVL is spending 5 million or 
something, $5 million for research. There are a few 
companies who are doing it already but there are very 
few companies and the demand for the product is quite 
high. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 26 of 34 
Participant: 
So does this kind of a product get better realizations in 
the market? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes it gets substantially better margins so 
what I know of from Polygenta who’s making this. 
Supposing I am selling my product today at Rs. 80/kg, 
they are able to the sell the same product at Rs. 50 to 
Rs. 60 per kg premium. 
Participant: 
And who are the buyers of this premium product 
exactly? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: These buyers are the people who are 
making garments and fabrics for the reputed brands 
who in their orders specify that you have to put so 
much of recycled material and then all this is certified. 
Like we will have to get a certification from agency 
GRS. They will certify the process and also each and 
every consignment which we will sell, it will be 
certified by them and in return the fabric manufacture 
will have to get it certified and sell it to the garment 
manufacturer. It’s a chain of certificates to ensure that 
this much of material has been made through 
recycling and for that these brands are paying a 
premium. And because in Europe I think they have 
certain norms that by 2025 you have to have a 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 27 of 34 
minimum 
percentage 
of 
recycled 
fiber 
for 
sustainability in the fabrics for polyester. 
Participant: 
So this product would typically also need approvals 
from the customers, or would it just need it from the 
fabric manufacturer? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: No it will start from the customer of the 
garment I mean the brands who are buying these 
garments, they will specify and then the whole chain 
will be doing this. 
Participant: 
No since you are saying that in ordering…. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Supposing let’s say I mean one company 
orders garments and they specify the fabric used 
should contain 30% of recycled material. Then as the 
fabric maker, I will have to look for the recycled yarn 
and put that yarn 30% in the fabric. So he is ready to 
pay a premium because for his fabric he gets a 
premium. 
Participant: 
So then it becomes the fabric manufacturer’s 
prerogative to ensure that he gets that, right? You 
don’t need to go for approvals to let’s say someone is 
making for a big brand, you don’t have to go for 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 28 of 34 
approvals to that brand. You don’t have to get the 
approvals from the fabric brands? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We don’t have to be go for approvals but 
these days these brands would like to evaluate the 
whole chain to be sure that they are getting the right 
product. So maybe they will evaluate our production 
facility to see yes, we can do it and consistently 
provide a good product to them. 
Participant: 
And wouldn’t it make sense to kind of put this into a 
separate company probably like a subsidiary, 
considering that our tax benefits? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Yes once we have a patent then we might 
make a separate entity, the own subsidiary of Filatex 
and then see what benefits the government can give, 
so all those things will come once the process is 
established. 
Participant: 
And this will be within the same premises at Dahej? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Not necessarily, both the options are 
available. Depends if we go up to, see there are two 
options, if we go up to the chip stage, we make only 
the chips recycled and then sell it to the yarn 
manufacturer that we can do within our premises but 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 29 of 34 
if we have to make our own yarn out of that then we 
might need a little bigger premises. 
Participant: 
What is the spare, what is the total land and the spare 
land currently at Dahej? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We have roughly around 65 acres of land 
in Dahej and the spare land actually to be utilized for 
production could be left is only 10 to 12 acres, around 
45,000 to 50,000 square meters. 
Participant: 
And how much more would we need any case we go 
for yarn making in this? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I think we will need at least 20 acres 
because we would need a bigger size because in future 
if we want to expand then we don’t want that put one 
location and then go to another location. So we will 
have to see that if we start with X at least we should 
have a land for going 2X or 3X in future. 
Participant: 
So have we envisaged any CAPEX for this or you are 
still at the pilot stage? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We have envisaged the CAPEX but see 
like I told you if we go up to the chip stage there is one 
CAPEX, if we go up to the yarn stage the CAPEX 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 30 of 34 
would be much-much more. So we are yet to decide 
because , after this, once international travel is 
allowed then we need to travel and talk to the buyers 
and see the facility what can be done. So it is too 
primitive a time to decide on all these things without 
being able to meet people and I think people are also 
not putting their mind on these things at the moment. 
Participant: 
And how far is this I mean 6-12-18 months in terms 
of...? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: According to me maybe sometime by 
March end or maximum in the first quarter of next 
year we should be able to concretely complete this at 
the max. 
Participant: 
Concretely complete the plan? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Plans. 
Participant: 
Which means the setup goes into next year? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Of course, even the setup would take at 
least from 15 months to 18 months. It’s not a, once 
you decide to do it putting up the facility, would take 
15 to 18 months minimum. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 31 of 34 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Chheda 
from ICICI Direct.  
Bharat Chheda: 
Just had a question regarding the value-added 
products. So the value-added products like what is the 
current proportion of value-added products for us and 
what is our target to take it ahead and how that would 
impact our margins? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Right now our value-added products are 
FDY and drawn textured yarn. So the breakup I think, 
they have almost like close to 68% of the overall 
capacity, 68% to maybe 70%. Right now we want to 
wait and see how this pandemic finishes and all so 
maybe in the fourth quarter will start planning to make 
it more value addition on the balanced products. 
Bharat Chheda: 
And what is the realization difference between a 
basic product and a value-added if you could throw 
some light on that? 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: Let’s forget the chips part of it because 
chips is just like a basic raw material only. So POY to 
textured yarn there is a difference of roughly around 
Rs. 14-15 of the value addition and FDY of course is 
a directly value-added product which is a combination 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 32 of 34 
of POY and DTY price. So like in POY if the value 
addition is around from the raw material around 17-18 
so textured would be around 32-33 and FDY itself is 
around 32-33 from the raw material. 
Bharat Chheda: 
On the capacity front if we look at the current 
capacity then what kind of peak revenue with a stable 
realization that we can generate? I am speaking from 
an asset turnover perspective. So ideally we have been 
having an asset turnover close to 2 and more than that. 
So how do we see it going with the current capacity? 
What is the peak revenue that we could generate say 
by next year FY22? FY21 I am not considering. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: In our case the top line is a factor of the 
raw material prices in a big way. So at today’s raw 
material prices I think the top line what we can 
achieve would be around 2700 crores at the full 
capacity. At pre-COVID raw material prices, we can 
achieve around 3200 crores. 
Bharat Chheda: 
What is your long-term outlook on the margin 
like see some part would come obviously from the 
power plant and from the product’s movement in the 
value chain do you see anything further coming up to 
that also? 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 33 of 34 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: See without power plant also on these kind 
of prices today I see in the full-time we should get very 
close to around 10% EBITDA and power plant would 
be incremental to that. 
Bharat Chheda: 
So that is 1.8% or 2% as you said so we could 
go closer to 12% with the combined effect of both?  
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: We could be closer to 12% combined 
EBITDA. So FY22 itself can see very close to that 
because only 1 month we will not be running the 
power plant. So FY22 itself can see very close to those 
numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no 
further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Madhu Sudhan Bhageria: I would like to thank all the participants for 
patiently listening to me and asking some very 
significant questions. So thank you and see you in the 
next con-call of Q2. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of KimEng Securities India 
Private Limited we conclude today’s conference. 

 
Filatex India Limited 
August 31, 2020 
 
 
Page 34 of 34 
Thank you all for joining, you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
