
1 
 
S. CHAND & CO. LIMITED Q1 FY 21 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
HOSTED BY PRABHUDAS LILLADHER PRIVATE LIMITED  
17th August 2020 
 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S. Chand & Co. Limited Q1 FY 21 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. Thank you 
and over to you sir.  
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhas Lilladher Private Ltd: 
 Thank you so much, good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher I 
welcome you all to the Q1 FY 21 earnings call of S. Chand Limited. We have with us the 
management represented by Mr. Himanshu Gupta – MD, Mr. Saurabh Mittal – CFO and 
Mr. Atul Soni – Head Investor Relations, Strategy and M&A. I would now to like to 
handover the call to the management for opening remarks and after that we can open 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director, S. Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I am Himanshu Gupta, the Managing 
Director of S. Chand and Company Limited. I would like to welcome you all to our first 
quarter results conference call for FY21 and thank you all for taking the time-out and 
joining us here today. I trust each one of you and your loved ones are safe in these 
extremely difficult times 
As you are aware, Q1 of this year was the time when the lockdown was going on during 
the country for a large part of the quarter.  In spite of the challenges, we achieved 17% 
YoY growth in our revenues, we reported our first ever EBITDA level profit for Q1 on 
back of strong revenue growth and cost savings achieved and we also reduced our PAT 
losses by 72% during the quarter. Saurabh will discuss more about the same in his 
introductory remarks.  
While schools remained physically closed during the quarter, we still have been able to 
recover a portion of the lost K-12 sales of 4QFY19 in Q1 as students have been enabled 
with book supplies at home by schools and channel partners. The Higher education 
segment and Test Preparation segment is still facing uncertainty around the timing of 
the start of their first semester of the new session. As per our channel checks, we expect 
colleges and schools to start physical operations in partial form by the end of the current 

2 
 
quarter. However, online education in schools continues and even higher education 
institutions are bracing up to start the semester online from August end. Additionally, 
competitive examinations are also expected to move 2-3 months from their original 
schedule.   
The silver lining in this cloud was the strong interest that we got in our digital offerings 
across the group. We had launched our affordable digital learning solution - Learnflix in 
January which saw strong adoption and interest in these times. I am happy to report 
that Learnflix has already been downloaded over 80,000 times and we already have over 
18,000 paying subscribers. The app has notched up a high review rating over 4.0 on the 
google play store. We expect the quality content along with the affordability for schools 
and students will augur well for Learnflix. Currently with content for classes 6-10, in 
Maths and Science, this will be further upgraded for other classes and subjects during 
the year. 
During the lockdown period, we also focused on working with all the stakeholders 
including – students, teachers, and schools to ensure that the learning does not stop due 
to this epidemic. We reached out to over 4,500 schools providing them e-books, digital 
resources, videos, animations, presentations, teacher resources etc. to ensure teaching 
continuity during the months of April and May where physical books could not reach 
students. We conducted more than 60 webinars for teachers and schools to train them 
on digital learning methods which was attended by over 10,000 participants. These 
relationship building measures go a long way in deepening our connect with our various 
stakeholders. 
We also saw a larger number of users procure e-books during this period, where e-book 
sales more than doubled. Our catalogue has more than 4,000 e-books across School and 
Higher Education segment which are currently live across various platforms like Amazon, 
Google and Kopykitab. We have also seen interest from Higher Education institutes and 
colleges for subscription of e-books for this academic year.     
Our curriculum solution Mylestone enabled almost 400 schools and 1.5 lac students 
continue education online, supported by our team which trained, assisted, and 
supported the schools to ensure that learning continued during these times. 
On the digital front, I am happy to share that we are looking to launch “Educate 360”, 
our new online learning platform for schools which would deliver a holistic array of 
product features as we strive to Enable the School  to conduct online classes, during the 
July- Sept quarter. Slide 13 of our investor presentation carries more details about this 
new platform.  You will hear more about the same in the coming months from our side 
as we partner the educational institutions in delivering blended learning to the students 
during these difficult times. 
 We believe that we have a great opportunity in coming times for digital learning as a 
medium of education. We are confident of the value add that our digital solutions along 
with the strong content repository built over 8 decades will provide. We feel that these 

3 
 
products and services would be the future growth drivers for the Group in the coming 
years.  
In addition, we saw the Union government adopt and finalize the New Education Policy 
2020 in July, 2020. We view the NEP as a positive for us going ahead which should 
provide us with a strong runway of growth for at least 2-3 years. With this 
announcement, the next step would be the release of the New National Curriculum 
Framework or NCF by April-May of 2021. Do note that the NCF is being developed after 
a gap of 15 years so it would eliminate the impact of second-hand book market and 
would lead to strong growth for us in coming years.  
With that, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Saurabh Mittal to apprise all of us on the 
financial performance of S. Chand.  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for your time. I am Saurabh Mittal, CFO of S. 
Chand. 
In terms of numbers for the 1st quarter, our consolidated operating revenues came at 
Rs714 million versus Rs613 million in the same quarter last year. Our Gross margins 
increased by 68% as a result of product rationalization and lower paper prices. On the 
back of our cost rationalization exercise, we saw operating expenses lower by 26% on a 
comparable basis last year. We reported our first ever EBITDA profit during Q1 of Rs88 
million vs EBITDA loss of Rs276 million in the corresponding quarter last year. Our net 
loss also reduced by 72% to Rs105 million versus net loss of Rs378 million in the same 
quarter previous year.  
In terms of working capital, debtors days have reduced by 46 days this quarter to 239 
days vs 285 days at the end of Q4FY20. Our Net Working capital days also decreased by 
23 days QoQ to 298 days (vs. 321 days in Q4FY20). Do keep in mind that this 
improvement is despite losing 45 days in the quarter.  
In terms of debt, we ended the quarter with gross debt of Rs 2190 and Net debt of 
Rs1794 million. 
Just to reiterate, during FY21, we expect paper prices to be lower than last year by 5%-
10% giving us support on the gross margins this year. Incremental sales of e-books and 
our digital products and services will also help in improving Gross margins. We expect 
operating expenses to be lower by 15%-20% for this year. This should result in improved 
levels of profitability for FY21 on back of operating leverage and strong cost control 
going ahead.  We do not anticipate any cost item to be higher than FY20 for the current 
financial year.  
With this, I would like to open the call for your questions. Thank you. 

4 
 
Operator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touchtone telephone. If you wish 
to remove yourself from the question queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are 
requested to hand set while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles.  
A reminder to the participants anyone who wishes to ask a question may press ‘*’ and 
‘1’ now. The first question is from the line of Deepan Shankar from Trustline PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS: 
Hi, good afternoon everyone, thanks for the opportunity and congrats for good set of 
numbers. First, just wanted to understand out of the 17% topline growth how much has 
been spillover the last quarter? And also do you expect higher sales from schools post 
opening up from next quarter onwards? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
It is very difficult to quantify how much is the spillover but I would estimate that most of 
it is the spillover of the last quarter. Normally our Q1 sales comprise of majorly higher 
education segment which has also got deferred to Q2.  On your second question of K-12 
sales to come in 2nd quarter, it is difficult to say at this point of time as we still don’t 
have visibility on schools opening up even by September-October. In terms of opening of 
schools, this timeline is shifting every month. Even now we hear that the schools would 
open after September/October but there is no clear-cut advisory from the government 
around the same. But at the same time, students are studying online and the students 
are continuing to buy the books. It is not as if they are not buying. But yes, the same 
demand as it used to when the schools were running in the normal circumstances is still 
not there and we are not very sure when it is going to happen, when the schools will 
reopen again. 
Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS: 
Okay, okay. So the thing I wanted to understand was during the last quarter we were 
discussing about 160 to 180 crores of sales we lost because of the lockdown and other 
things. So still we are expecting some of it to come in Q2 and Q3 or Q2, Q3 to be normal 
as compared to last year itself.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. Ltd:  
As compared to last year definitely Q2 will be much much better. We do have some 
large orders in the higher education segment from universities which are lined up for Q2 
which we have to deliver. Additionally, there are some orders that we are still processing 
for schools but I won’t say they are very large orders. But yeah, things are going steadily. 

5 
 
So there is always a pent up demand that is there for the books which people not have 
bought in March or April. You know people are buying books which used to be bought at 
a single time which has been scattered and has been split over like 2 or 3 quarters. So 
the sales will happen in Q2 and even go to Q3 as well, that is what we believe. But the 
quantum is very, very difficult to say at this time.  
 Mr. Deepan Shankar – Trustline PMS: 
Okay, okay. And also we have been noticing that last two quarters we are seeing this 
provision for bad debts has been around Rs. 10-11 crores. So is this the normal trend or 
anything extraordinary and do we expect some more in future also considering the 
current situation? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
Yeah, the provision for expected credit loss follows a simple formula of payment not 
being made within a year of the due date leading to a provision being created. But 
having said that I do not see a write off to that extent from the provision which has been 
created in the books.  There are delays because of the pandemic also, the schools are 
not getting their fees and so there are delays but we have taken a very conservative 
provision which is of course higher than last year. But we don’t expect such large write 
off. I mean there can be delays but there will not be defaults to that extent. So as on 
today I would say total provision for the doubtful debt stands at Rs55 crores. My real 
sense is that probably we will have  maximum write off to Rs 15 – 18 crores at best so at 
least we are fairly covered for the delays and so I think it is more conservative 
accounting and nothing else. 
Mr. Deepan Shankar – TrustLine PMS: 
Okay, okay, lastly from my side what is the contribution of digital business during the 
current quarter?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
It should be around Rs. 10 to 11 crores from the total reported revenues.  
Mr. Deepan Shankar – TrustLine PMS: 
Okay, okay, sure. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
Thanks. 
Operator: 

6 
 
Thank you. We would request the participants to please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Mr. Bhavesh Chauhan – IDBI Capital: 
Hello sir, congratulations on good set of numbers. So my question that with the NEP 
coming what sort of volume growth and growth in pricing should we expect from 
probably FY 22, I believe, any ball park number?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
We expect the National Curriculum Framework (NCF) to come by April/May 2021 which 
should lead to creation of new curriculum books during the year and to be ready for the 
Jan-March 2022 sales season.  This should lead to strong growth runway for a couple of 
years for the company. Very difficult to say how much growth but yes definitely I would 
say high, strong double digits growth will be there, especially for 2-3 years. And price as 
you are saying, price would be a different factor because there may be some kind of you 
know, changes in the books, number of pages goes up, goes down very difficult to say as 
of now. So pricing I cannot say right now but definitely there will be volume growth that 
will be there when the NEP comes in.  
Mr. Bhavesh Chauhan – IDBI Capital: 
Yeah, yeah. And sir, for the same NEP, do you expect our market share should go up?  
Any experience from the last NEP implementation? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
 The last NEP had come in 2005. It is almost 15 years ago and at that time when the NEP 
was there S. Chand was not a very big player in the school market. But today we are a 
much stronger and a much bigger player so we expect that through our quality content, 
distribution channels and our marketing networks we should be able to grow the market 
share. How much we will be able to grow, what we will be able to do it is very difficult to 
say as of now. But definitely we will try to definitely grow our market share through our 
content and through our distribution platforms.  
Mr. Bhavesh Chauhan – IDBI Capital: 
Okay, thank you sir, that helped. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prasant Desai from Everstone Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr. Prasant Desai – Everstone Capital: 

7 
 
Hi Himanshu. Some small clarifications. One is Saurabh could tell us what the other 
income of Rs. 68 million included? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
Hi Prasant The other income comprises of usual interest income and certain one-time 
income including Rs 35 million  from a settlement done with the erstwhile promoters of   
New Saraswathi House on account of breach of certain clauses as provided in the share 
purchase agreement, Rs7.55 million towards rent concessions received in Q1 and Rs7.85 
million on account of deemed disposal on account of reduction in proportionate interest 
of the group in one of the associates.. You can see more details in the notes to 
consolidated financial accounts of the company. 
Mr. Prasant Desai – Everstone Capital: 
Okay, thank you. Second, we know from the presentation that we have obviously come 
down significantly on our cost base in comparison from the Rs. 240 odd crores last year 
In that I was seeing that our other expenses is more or less same compared to last year, 
it was about Rs. 16 crores a quarter. Do you expect that to come down, or that would 
remain at that Rs. 16 crores a quarter kind of a number? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
No if you look at the real cash expense it is actually quite lower. So, there is an provision 
for the doubtful debts which on account of the delays in payments of approx. Rs 10 
crores.  So we were expecting some payments that were going to come in March and 
April which would have knocked up the whole outstanding. But then because of this 
pandemic that has all got shifted. So there is an Rs. 10 crores provision for doubtful 
debts which has been included in the Rs. 16 crores of other expenses. So actually, that 
should be taken separately from the other expenses. On a YoY basis, last time the 
provisioning was about Rs. 3.6 crores and this time it is Rs. 10.2 crores. It is almost Rs. 7 
crores additional provisioning.  
Mr. Prasant Desai – Everstone Capital: 
Okay, That is the broad sense I wanted to get. Also, we have already achieved significant 
cost reduction and we are also kind of guiding that we should be able to you know 
further extract another 15 to 20% reduction in the current year. Can you throw some 
light on that? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
That 15%-20% is the target for FY21 cost reduction in operating expenses for us.  
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 

8 
 
So Prasant, hi this is Himanshu here. So apart from operating expenses we will also be 
saving a lot of cost in terms of paper since the prices of paper have gone down. From 
last year in the price of paper, we will be looking at an 8% to 10% reduction in the price 
of paper and accordingly also we will be consuming a lot of existing stock. So, our 
printing this year would be substantially lower than last year. 
Mr. Prasant Desai – Everstone Capital: 
So that I get it Himanshu that there is a significant room for the gross margins to grow in 
our case.  My question was more on the expense items after that. So our selling and 
distribution expenses for example, in the first quarter has come down by Rs. 6 crores. 
Our employee costs are now down to about Rs. 20 crores, Rs. 22 crores to quarter end. I 
am saying is there a room over here also further to come down or I think we have kind 
of achieved what we wanted? 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
See the employee costs I do not think so will be going down further. In fact, it will 
increase little bit going ahead because the quantum of salary cut that we had done in Q1 
will not continue forever. We will have to stop the salary cuts in coming months 
otherwise we will lose good employees as well.  
Mr. Prasant Desai – Everstone Capital: 
Sure, of course yeah. 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
So employee expenses of Rs. 21 odd crores per quarter of course is not sustainable. 
From the employee expenses of Rs125 odd crores last year we should be down to 
around Rs100 crores.  
Mr. Prasant Desai – Everstone Capital: 
So essentially, I am getting the message that… 
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
Prasant, I think it is better to look at a consolidated amount of operating expenses as a 
group, rather than calling out line by line item right now. So last year our operating 
expenses were around Rs. 250 odd crores which in our expectation would lower by 15%-
20% on an annual basis. 
Mr. Prasant Desai – Everstone Capital: 
Fair enough, I think it is a fair point. Just one small other thing for the benefit of 
everybody listening in, Himanshu I think, you know your last line talks about over the 

9 
 
next 3 years what all you guys are kind of currently wishing to achieve and the big 
statement is you want to be debt free by in the next three years. So if I take 22, 23, 24 by 
March 24 you want to be debt free and given that our net debt is about Rs. 180 crores, 
we are talking of almost Rs. 180 crores incremental operating cash to be generated over 
the next three years. I understand it is a wish list more than a guidance but just to kind 
of understand this slightly better big picture from your perspective, how much of this 
would be P&L level, how much of this do you think would be balance sheet linked?  
Management – S. Chand & Co. ltd: 
Saurabh here. I mean even last year in FY20 if we had got actual full collections from 
March in normal operating session, we would have ended the year with Rs120-Rs130 
crores net debt. But unfortunately, it got shifted by one year. So, I feel that from this 
business we need to generate atleast Rs50-60 crores of operating cash flows every year. 
And lot of our money is also getting invested into digital and some Capex. So, Capex is 
not really a priority as of now, because again, our printing is going to be limited for this 
year atleast. And in terms of digital, we spent a large amount in terms of content 
development, which is almost there. A little incremental happened, but not that much. 
So we expect that this year we should generate more cash flows in terms of the 
operating cash flows even after Capex. So, from publishing we’ll continue to generate 
cash flows and from digital also we would like to eventually raise some money and stop 
the internal investments into that. So that cash out also at some point in time reduces.  
Mr. Prashant Desai - Everstone Capital: 
Sir I’m getting this, but I still don’t understand would this be P&L led or balance sheet 
led? Over the next 3 years, are you expecting our working capital cycle to significantly 
come down or do you think because.. 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Sorry. I missed that. In fact, in terms of our inventory also, we’re expecting our inventory 
to come down by Rs60-70 crores by the end of this year. So that would also add to the 
cash flows.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
The big picture we are seeing today is that, today the revenue may be 90% to 10% in 
terms of print and digital in 2020. But going forward, we believe that in 2025, in 5 years, 
the revenue might look at 60% coming from print and 40% coming from digital. And 
maybe by 2030 we can look at a shift with digital overtaking the print revenue with a 
percentage of let’s say 70%-30%. So in the future we believe that we are investing more 
of our energies and resources towards building better digital capabilities. Print business 
is going to be more of a cash generating business and that will continue to run. In digital 
we would be putting more resources towards backing those ventures that we have 
started. And hopefully they are yielding good results in the last 4,5,6 months that we are 
just seeing on a trial basis. But we are hopeful that this pandemic might have a silver 
lining of increasing the digital businesses. 

10 
 
Mr. Prashant Desai - Everstone Capital: 
Fair enough. And the last question from my side is, Saurabh, this Rs180 odd crore to 
become debt free, generating that kind of free cash, would this be significantly backend 
or more or less evenly over the next 3 years? 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
I think a large amount of it should come this year, provided of course, schools open up. 
Because the balance led stock reduction with less buying this year should generation 
more cash upfront this year. Next year of course there would be some Capex on the 
New Education Policy, there will be a lot of content development next year. The 1st and 
3rd year should have more of this, the 2nd year should have less. But in the 2nd year we’ll 
see more investments going into the development for NEP.  
Mr. Prashant Desai - Everstone Capital: 
Fair enough. That’s it from my side. Thank you everyone.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Thanks Prashant. 
Operator: 
Thank you. We would request the participants to please press * and 1 to ask questions. 
The next question is from the line of Kaustabh Dutta, and individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Mr. Kaushtabh Dutta – Individual Investor: 
Hi everyone and thanks for the good results. I have a couple of questions. First on the 
average cost of borrowing. Now I find that the total debt including your lease liabilities 
are around Rs219 odd crores. But I would like to know what is the average cost of 
borrowing and are these funds borrowed from banks and financial institutions or from 
somewhere else? That is question 1. Question 2 – you have told us about the mix in 
terms of digital products, which is essentially the Learnflix. I just wanted to understand 
the gross margins in such streams. And my third question is, you were calling it as the 
most affordable one in the market currently compared to your competitors. I mean, 
they are charging maybe ten times more. My question is, how are you taking down your 
cost? Is it that you already have the content and that’s why you’re able to offer a cheap 
rate in the market? 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Thank you. My average cost of borrowing anyway is between 10-10.5%. Of course, the 
finance cost includes some lease cost which is a portion… 
Operator: 

11 
 
We would request the management to speak a little louder please. We are unable to 
hear you sir.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Sorry. So the average cost of borrowing is between 10% to 10.5% and almost 60% is 
from banks and 40% is from financial institutions in terms of term debt. So that is one. In 
terms of gross margin, of course, gross margins from the e-book business is higher. But 
for the digital business, again, it will be slightly higher than the normal cost margins 
since there is no cost of production. But, the cost of servicing, the costs on that business 
is definitely higher. In terms of affordability of the app, the content is already existing 
with us, that is why we are able to give our product at such affordable pricing. Plus of 
course, we always want to give affordable products to the market, so that’s why we’ve 
kept it at a limited price.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
So basically, the product is affordable because quite a bit of the content is made in-
house. But the question is, the product is cheap and affordably priced because we 
wanted to cater to a larger customer base through the B to B to C channel. So we 
understand that the school business that we have relationships with more than 40,000-
45,000 schools all over the country that we have been dealing with since so many years, 
we have opened a service for them at an affordable price. All our competitors who are 
currently there including the big players in the market, the price range for their product 
is anything between Rs. 25,000-40,000 per child per year, and we are offering it around 
Rs. 2,000-2,500 per child per year. So, I would say, there is substantial 10-15X difference 
in that. Also, our customer acquisition cost is lower because we are focusing more of our 
energies in B to B to C segment. The only problem which has come in in the last 2-3 
months is that the parents are not paying up the fees of the school. So, the schools want 
to adopt the product because they feel the product in terms of quality is good, in terms 
of affordability is good. But right now, the fees in lot of schools in the B and C category 
schools, getting fees from the parents is a big challenge. So, we believe that in the next 
quarter or so, that challenge should be overcome by the schools, and that will open up 
the channel of B to B to C again for a Learnflix kind of product for us. And we will also be 
looking at doing some marketing efforts in the B to C channels as well.  
Operator: 
Thank you. Kaustubh we would request you to come back to the question queue for any 
follow up questions. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd: 
Sir, in the opening remarks you mentioned that we want to take the share of digital 
higher to approximately 40% by 2025. So, can you just highlight what steps are we 
taking exactly apart from Learnflix and this new product Educate 360 that we have. So, 
any other highlight which you would like to just mention with respect to digital? And 

12 
 
also, if you can throw some light on this particular product of Educate 360, that would 
be really helpful.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
There’s Product no. 1, Learnflix which is already in the market. Educate 360 is getting 
launched in this quarter, that’s product no. 2. That is also in the school segment. We 
have launched a product called SmartK, which is for the pre-school segment, which is 
from ages 2 ½ to 5 ½ years old; basically, those who are in the pre-school segment. We 
are hopeful that product should garner some market share in the coming years. We 
have not yet launched our 4th product, but we are planning to launch a higher education 
product which will comprise of e-books plus a lot of other things that the student needs 
in the higher education space, in both the competition space as well as the college 
segment space. So, we believe that these are the 4-5 products that we will be offering in 
the next 1-2 years. And plus going forward, we’re really looking at more products in the 
digital space. So, we believe through all these activities, we should be able to increase 
our reach to customers and increase our revenues and size of our business. And in print 
we grow on a normal basis. Plus, with the NEP coming in, yes, we will look at 2-3 years of 
good growth in double digit numbers. But that growth will eventually slow down, it will 
not continue to grow forever in that area. But we believe digital has a big potential 
because in India if you see today, there are close to only 1.2 million paid subscribers of 
all the school going apps, including all the big names like Byju’s, Vedantu and all those 
things. So 1.2 million students are right now using it in a paid way. In 2023 they say the 
base will increase to 12 million. So in 3 years, the base of digital people paying up, I’m 
talking about paid subscribers, they would be going up 10X in 3 years. So every company 
is looking to expand, I would say, the digital enablement of the products, and we are 
looking at the same. But we have an advantage where we have a large school 
relationships of B to B to C, plus S Chand has a good brand name, plus S Chand has some 
great authors on their network which we’ll be using and all those things. As for Educate 
360, you had asked about getting more detail on the product. So should I talk more 
about the product?  
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd: 
Yes. 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Okay. I will tell you what the product is all about. The product is a mix of print + digital + 
training + analytics + live classes. So what happens is that schools will adopt some of our 
textbooks. Let us say, from Madhubun he adopts 4-5 textbooks English, Maths, Science, 
Social Science, Hindi. We will be giving the physical textbook to the student. Plus, what 
we will do is, we will be giving the app version and we will have lot of features on the 
app for the student plus the teacher that would be teaching. And the teacher can also 
teach through a camera or smartphone. The way we see this is that let us say there are 
40 students in a class, when the schools open up, they would not want all 40 students to 
come to class at the same time. So, what they would want is, 20 students come on 
Monday and 20 students come on Tuesday, but the teacher is going to take the class 

13 
 
once only. Let us say she’s teaching Algebra to students in the class. So, 20 students 
have come on Monday and 20 students are sitting at home and learning. So 
simultaneously, the teacher will be teaching 20 students physically and 20 students 
online through the app with the live classes. And on Tuesday, those 20 students who 
were at home would come to school and the 20 students who had come to school on 
Monday will sit at home and study the same way. So that will continue. So, we will be 
providing a complete one-stop solution including print, including digital, including 
assessments, including live classes, including analytics as a one-stop solution to the 
school. So the school does not need to look at 3-4 vendors that normally the school 
does. The school has vendors for print books separately, the school has vendors for 
digital products separately, the school has vendors for smart school and live classes 
separately. We are going to give the school a one-stop solution through Educate 360, 
that’s the basic idea. 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd: 
What kind of investment are we envisaging in digital for the next couple of years? 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
That depends on the kind of strategy that we are looking at. We expect that digital 
spending would be in the range of Rs 80-120 crores depending upon the kind of fund 
raise we can do for our digital businesses. . In case we are able to raise higher amounts 
then we can invest more in these businesses. If not, then we will have to do with what 
we have. So overall, it depends on the kind of money we are able to raise for the digital 
business.  
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd: 
Okay, thanks a lot.  
Operator: 
Thank you. We would request the participants to please press * and 1 to ask a question. 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Agarwal from Kotak Mahindra Bank. Please go 
ahead.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank: 
Good afternoon everyone. My question is regarding the other income. As you 
mentioned, a part of it, approximately 3 crores is on account of settlement with the 
promoters of New Saraswati for breach of some agreement. Can you please highlight 
that a little more? Can you give some details on what exactly is the breach and what was 
the agreement about? 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
I can only disclose to a limited extent Aditi. There is a non-disclosure there. We have 
already informed the stock exchanges when the breach happened and also when the 
settlement happened. It is all filed with the stock exchanges. There was a certain non-

14 
 
compete breach by the previous promoters prior to their non-compete period ending in 
May 2019. So for that period, whatever breach was there, there’s a settlement that has 
been done and we’ve agreed upon a certain amount. Of course, now their non-compete 
period is over. So, they can continue to compete now.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank: 
Thank you. So is this the full amount or is there some pending amount left?  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
What happened was that, there was a bank guarantee of Rs. 10 crores that we had 
invoked and encashed and we have settled to give back Rs. 7 crores over a period of 
time. So that is the crux of it. It is a one-time income that we’ve recognised.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank: 
Sir, I am sorry I missed the last part. So, there was a bank guarantee of Rs. 10 crores. Can 
you please repeat that part? 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
So, there was a bank guarantee of Rs. 10 crores that we had invoked in March 2019 
when the non-compete period was unexpired. And subsequent to that, of course, it 
went into a discussion and this July we agreed to settle the amount for Rs. 3 crores as 
compensation and Rs. 7 crores we are returning to them.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank: 
Okay, thanks a lot. Also, I wanted to know a little more about, in the consolidated 
financials, in the notes one-point mentions regarding income arising out of deemed 
disclosure/disposure on account of reduction of proportionate interest in one of the 
group entities. What is this point exactly referring to?  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Where is this? 
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank: 
Sir, in the consolidated financials, point no. 14 – Note to consolidated financial results.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Okay, so one of the associates had raised more money and our shareholding in that 
associate - Smartivity Labs has reduced by 1% -1.5%. And there was some existing loss. 
So when you recognise a percentage of that cumulative losses, that gets adjusted. So 
that is recognised as deemed income.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank: 
And which entity is this referring to?  

15 
 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
This is Smartivity Labs Pvt Ltd which raised money in March from one of the investors.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank: 
Thank you sir. Also, I understand that this year the printing would be much lower and we 
would be more cautious about the printing cost, and that would depend on the 
demands coming up. Usually, I believe our printing starts somewhere around Q3. So, this 
year what is our plan in percentage terms? Can you give an approximate idea of how 
much lower are we planning the printing to be basis our demand expectation? And also 
considering, this is the last time we would be printing this curriculum, with the new 
curriculum being effective, probably there would be changes in the curriculum. So, all 
the books may get revised.  
Ms. Aditi Agarwal – Kotak Mahindra Bank: 
Aditi hi, Himanshu here. So basically, for printing we would be definitely reducing our 
printing volume this year and using the existing stock as much as possible. The exact 
number is very difficult to give before the demand season and seeing what sales return, 
we get from our dealers. We normally starting school printing by September, but this 
year we would be starting by October-November end and we would be printing in more 
smaller lots. So let’s say if we used to print 20,000 books in 2 lots of 10,000, we would be 
printing in 4 lots of 5,000 this time and we would be very careful in printing. And I 
envisage we would be printing around 20-25% less number of books in terms of volume 
of books from last year, and we would try to utilise the existing stock as much as 
possible at the same time. But it’s very difficult to predict as of now because again, it 
depends on the opening of the schools, the starting of the new session. Overall, it is very 
difficult to say as of now, but that is what we are planning as of now.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Additionally, please note that the implementation of the NEP normally happens over a 
2-3 year period. So, you can’t assume that all the stock that we have will not be usable in 
the next subsequent years also.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Implementation of the curriculum takes time, because again, implementing the whole 
policy for all the classes is not very easy in just one year. It normally happens over a 
period of 2-3 years.  
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir I just wanted to understand, lot of your 
revenue would have got lost in the last couple of quarters. Some of that revenue you 

16 
 
might be looking to recoup in this current year. So overall, what sort of revenue range 
might we be looking at?  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Revenue range in terms of full year? 
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
Yes. 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
It is very difficult to say, but conservatively speaking we are targeting around Rs600 to 
625 crores for this full year.  
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
Fair enough. And in terms of digital, you mentioned the 3 years to 5 years rate. But more 
on the nearer term i.e. in the next 1-2 years what sort of range you might be targeting 
on the digital front? 
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
This year we’re targeting revenues between Rs50 to 60 crores and next year it should be 
more like Rs75 to 80 crores. 
Mr. Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital: 
Fair enough. That is it from my side. Thank you.  
Operator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments.  
Management - S Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Thanks everyone for your questions. We are hopeful that everybody is taking care of 
their families and themselves. Be safe in this epidemic. We are trying our best efforts to 
make sure that every parent and every child in every school is being serviced through us 
and our channel partners. And the situation is so dynamic and it is changing so fast and 
quickly and every state has its own systems now. So, we are trying to get the best out of 
it. We will be keeping the market and investors updated as and when things change. 
Thanks a lot, and have a great afternoon. Thank you so much.  
Operator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, that concludes today’s concall. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
