E:KRBUBIBHU/STK_EX_2021/36 
02 September 2020 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 
530813 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", C-1, Block-G 
/ 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: KRBL 
Series: Eq. 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, 13 August 2020 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, 13 
August 2020. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For KRBL Limited 
¥f 
Raman Sapra 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As Above. 
Corporate Office: C-32, 5th & 6th Floor, Sector-62, Noida-201301, Gautambudh Nagar, (U.P.), INDIA. 
Regd. Office : 5190, Lahori Gate, Delhi - 110 006, INDIA. Tel. : +91-11-23968328, Fax: +91-11-23968327, CIN No. LOI I I IDLl993PLC052845 
Tel.: +91-120-4060300, Fax: +91-120-4060398. E-mail: mails@krblindia.com. Visit us at: www.krblrice.com 
WORLD'S LARGEST RICE MILLERS & BASMATI RICE EXPORTERS 

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
KRBL Limited 
Q1 FY ‘21 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 13, 2020 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day, and welcome to the KRBL Limited Q1 FY ‘21 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Welcome to KRBL’s Q1 FY ‘21 Earnings Conference Call for analysts 
and investors. Today, we are joined by senior members of the management team, 
including Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Anoop 
Kumar Gupta – Joint Managing Director; and Mr. Rakesh Mehrotra – Chief Financial 
Officer. We propose to commence with an update on the financial performance by 
Mr. Rakesh Mehrotra. Thereafter, we will have Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta, sharing his 
perspective. After the opening remarks from the management, the forum will be 
opened for an interactive question-and-answer session. 
A cautionary note. Certain statements that may be made on today’s call could be 
forward-looking in nature, and actual results could vary from these statements. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available in KRBL’s Q1 FY ‘21 Investor 
Presentation, which has been shared with you earlier. I would now like to invite 
Rakeshji. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you to KRBL’s conference call to 
discuss performance during the Q1 FY ‘21. I will commence with the key highlights 
for the period. I trust all of you are safe and well. We too have been observing the 
right safety protocol and  our teams are working with utmost dedication to maintain 
supplies of all our brands to our customers in trustful manner. 
The first quarter of FY ‘21 was marked by continuing impact from the lockdown 
measures taken to curb pandemic. Although at our level, we rapidly streamlined the 
flow of labor and materials, the shipments took longer than expected to normalize. 
Our performance reflects this transient impact on the deliveries due to severely 
affected logistics. The underlying demand has remained strong, and this was the 
same pattern seen in the export segment too. While shipping our basmati to 
international destinations, we had to work at significantly reduced pace, which had 
to do with the severe impediment in the logistics. 

 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
With this context, our first quarter standalone revenue from operations came in at 
Rs.764 crore. Our EBITDA during the Q1 FY ‘21 stood at Rs.193 crore, and the 
company has recorded best ever margins of 25%. This was on account of enhanced 
gross margin at 35%. PBT for Q1 FY ‘21 stood at Rs.167 crore, with PBT margin in 
the period standing at 22%, owing to higher price realization and cost benefit on 
inventories and reduction achieved in the finance cost on account of lower working 
capital borrowings. Our PAT for the Q1 came in at Rs.126 crore with PAT margin of 
17%.  
During the last season we had taken advantage of the then prevailing low paddy 
prices and stocked up incremental quantities year-on-year of paddy. This has given 
us a unique advantage to grow volumes at attractive margins in the coming 
quarters. We follow a simple guiding principle, whereby our accruals get reinvested 
into the building inventory and thus the cycle perpetuates and this has become a 
key factor of differentiation in our industry.  
Our objective remains to reduce the utilization of borrowing towards creation of 
inventory and as at 30th June 2020, we have seen lowest net debt levels of Rs.268 
crore as compared to earlier period last year Q1 where net debt stood at Rs.690 
crore.  
The company’s financial position remains robust. We hope to realize healthy cash 
flows this year as well. We are working steadfastly towards being a debt-free 
company gradually and even in the working capital level. With discipline, I am sure 
we will set the benchmark for this parameter also. 
I now hand over the call to our Joint Managing Director, Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta for 
his perspective. Thank you. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Thank you, Mr. Mehrotra. At the very outset, I hope and wish that all of you and your 
families are keeping safe and healthy. The quarter has started with an uncertain and 
unpredictable environment with the proliferation of COVID-19 as all of you are 
aware. On behalf of everyone at KRBL, we extend our gratitude to all the frontline 
heroes helping us manage this pandemic. 
 
Our performance in the quarter has been resilient and reflective of the intrinsic 
strength of our portfolio, agility in operation, excellence in execution, purpose-driven 
leadership and our strong balance sheet. Though initially in the quarter, we have 
seen impact from the severe disruption to logistics domestically and also to 
shipments bound for our export markets. As you all are aware, given the challenges 
and restrictions, there was little to no uptake in the HoReCa segment. Although 
presently with the successive phases of un-locking, this segment is showing 
improvement. On the retail side, where volumes have stood higher robustly, we 
have seen greater share of lower-priced SKUs, and thus, there is some impact on 
the realization, especially in the domestic market. 
 
Over the last 3 months, we have been undertaking maximum efforts to secure our 
business operation by putting in place stringent safety standards across our plants 
and offices to ensure well-being of our people. As on date, all plants are running at 
full capacity. And as they are highly automated, we have been able to resume the 
processing and packaging activities very seamlessly. Our teams have dedicatedly 
work with the local authorities to streamline the flow of our product city by city, town 
by town, and slowly, the supplies are normalizing. 

 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Consumer sentiment towards branded product has never been stronger. Through 
the stringent phases of the lockdown, consumers have sharply curbed eating out 
and ordering in. Within households, the clear accent is on the home-cooked food. 
Thus, even for daily consumption of grocery items, the consumer is found looking at 
packaged options. Brands that have enjoyed deep trust and have fared well, where 
India Gate and our portfolio have ranked highest. We have witnessed the best ever 
volumes in the consumer pack segment. In the leadership consumer pack segment, 
we have seen around 30% growth year-on-year. 
Another key trend that is coming up is a marked focus on health and wellness with 
consumers seeking out options to promote immunity. This was an industry category 
earlier as well, but with the lockdown, it has achieved a boost. Our lineup also 
includes several value-added product lines created around these aspects. And this 
range continues to expand with the new products to bring health and convenience 
to consumers.  
A key aspect of the lockdown has been that we have had to meet significantly 
higher demand for our brands across a very short window of delivery lead time. 
Customers these days are seeking out brands that they prefer, whereas their route 
of purchase has also undergone an update, with higher preference for online and 
direct channels. To share a statistic for KRBL during Q1 FY21, we saw a 
stupendous 70% improvement in online sales year-on-year. The traction in the 
traditional channel has been good, and has in fact, built up with the successive  
phases of unlocking. In our business, we have seen 12% volume growth recorded 
by the modern trade segment. Efforts are also on to further strengthen our presence 
in smaller towns and rural India. With an offering for every category, we are geared 
to meet demand from all types of customers. Our teams are employing 
sophisticated metrics and tracking, to assess these evolving trends and making 
adjustments in real time. 
 
Our order booking has remained healthy despite the impact from the pandemic in 
virtually every market, our brands enjoy a USP to which customers have shown 
deep loyalty. Demand has remained unchanged as per the pattern, and we are 
taking all efforts to supply maximum quantities, both abroad and domestically. As 
we grow as a business, the emphasis will always remain on conducting sales 
profitably, and this guiding principle is serving KRBL well to distinguish itself in the 
industry.  
Looking forward, while the near-term market outlook is uncertain, we are confident 
of the medium to long-term growth prospects of the FMCG sector. Our strength of 
agility and responsiveness gives us confidence to navigate the current challenges 
as well as capture the structural opportunity in medium to long-term. We remain 
confident of a strong demand in our product category in the coming fiscal, which we 
believe should enable us to deliver a robust operational and financial performance, 
backed by strong brand lineup, smart inventory management and advanced 
processing capacities. At an overall level, for FY ‘21, it remains our intention to 
enhance volume growth of basmati over FY ‘20. With that, I would like to request 
the moderator to open the lines for discussion. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investment. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, some comments on the volume performance, if you could give for the quarter 
and how does it look Y-o-Y. And second, within exports the higher realizations 
which we see, if you could give some qualitative comments on those higher 
realization and sustainability of those higher realization? 
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
As regards the volumes, please send me a mail and we will share separately. As 
regards the pricing and realization Anilji will tell better, on  our exports. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
As far as volume is concerned, the major reason was that about 34,000 to 35,000 
tons of cargo was lying at Kandla port, which was supposed to be shipped out from 
our plants in the month of May and June. Due to the pandemic and labor problems 
we could not arrange the vessels in time.  It has now been shipped in the month of 
July & August. This was the primary reason for the revenue to get hit this quarter.  
Normally basmati rice has various qualities and different price segments ranging 
from USD 1,100 to USD 2,400. In the premium segment the average sale price has 
increased from Rs.85 per kilo to Rs.101 per kilo. It will be our utmost effort to 
maintain the EBITDA margins. Though it will be a difficult task since as the top line 
increase, the value realization comparatively decreases. Even then, we will try our 
level best to maintain the margins. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Any comments on the country mix within this higher export realization? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Most of the exports have gone to either Middle East counties, USA and  to Far East. 
As far as exports to countries like Iran, Iraq, Yemen plus certain African countries 
are concerned, they have been buying comparatively cheaper varieties as against  
premium basmati rice. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So these countries, there is lower in the mix and high-value countries or high-
value basmati being sold is higher in the mix. That’s how I should interpret? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And is this sustainable for the subsequent quarter as a business strategy? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
The margins are sustainable since these are our permanent markets and in these 
countries we have good distributors and sales network, especially in Middle East. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Varun Darci, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Varun Darci: 
This is Varun here. Sir, I just had a question on the goods lying at the Kandla Port 
due to some logistic issues that you were facing. I was hearing the commentary 
from some of your commentators around where they have shown quite a robust 
growth in this set of quarters. So, I just want to understand that the issue that the 
logistics issues that we were facing; was it specific to our company, was it or and 
potentially how could others not face this problem then, and they seem to have quite 
a decent quarter? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
The shipments which were lying at Kandla were supposed to be shipped in break 
bulk and not in containerized vessels.  The shipments which are destined to Europe 
or to America are shipped in containerized vessels and not in break bulk. During 
pandemic, the container vessels had comparatively lesser problems for shipment 

 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
over break-bulk. Due to labor shortage, availability of break bulk vessel was a big 
problem at Kandla Port. Moreover,  before pandemic / lock down, the loading rate 
for a break bulk vessel at Kandla / Mundra ports was 5000 – 6000 MT/day which 
has currently come down to 1000 – 1200 MT/day. This was one of the main reasons 
the ships were not coming for anchorage at the port and the shipments got delayed 
by 2 months.   
Varun Darci: 
Sure, thank you. The second question sir, I had was around the shareholding of the 
enforcement directorate. We see that in the latest shareholding release, ED has 
potentially confiscated all shares of Balsharaf. So, I know you’ve clarified this 
multiple times that this has got nothing to do with the KRBL, but is there any update 
or something that you can throw light on this? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Balsharaf already won the case in the High Court. And the action of the ED is 
according to lawyers is not legal. And Balsharaf has put up the case in the court to 
release the shares. And definitely, as per lawyers, he will definitely win the case. 
Balsharaf has won the case in the High Court. Balsharaf has won the case in the 
Supreme Court. Balsharaf has won in tribunal, I mean 5 times in double bench also 
Balsharaf has won the case. Balsharaf will definitely win the case. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is form the line of Varun Goenka from Nippon Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Varun Goenka: 
Anoopji, I wanted to ask regarding our e-commerce online sales strategy or 
approach. So to begin with, what percentage of our domestic sales or absolute 
amount is through the online channel? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: 1.5%. 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. So do you have any data on the online channel, or what is the industry size 
within the online channel? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Industry previously was 0.4%. But during pandemic, it has grown up to 1.4%, if you 
talk of rice. 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. Total rice, fair enough. So that includes basmati and non-basmati. So, 1.5% 
of domestic sales. I’m not talking about total sales just to clarify that? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes. 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. So in e-commerce, how are we approaching this, are we directly selling or are 
we going through let’s say, Amazon has a 3P model, so you go through a seller. 
How are we approaching this? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: There are so many parties on Amazon site who are selling India Gate, but  we are 
selling directly. We have direct account with Amazon, Grofers, Big Basket and 
Flipkart. We have big share in Grofers and Big basket, Amazon is at third place.  
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. So what would be the difference be #1 and #3 in terms of sales? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: In terms of sales Amazon’s share in e-commerce is hardly 10% to 12% for our 
category, whereas Grofers and Big Basket have got a 70%, 72% share. 

 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. So just to understand this better, if we are selling directly, we do not need any 
dealers in between or middleman between right? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: In remote places, we make delivery through our distributors, but the price and 
everything has been done directly from the head office. 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. So would that entail that this is a much higher margin or no, it’s the same 
margin as any other channel? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: No, it is the same margin because we control PTC or price to consumer. Because 
we want that 80% share of our GT or general trade should not get disturbed due to 
this e-commerce side, they try to sell cheap rice, but we stop them. So we always 
control the price to the consumer. 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. Just final point, if you can give us overall outlook on exports and domestic 
separately. We were, just ballpark towards Rs.5,000 crore this year. It’s difficult to 
give a guidance, per se, but are you seeing any major jump in July now. June and 
July, has that been much normal versus last year, both on exports side and 
domestic side if we can understand? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: If you compare with Q1 , naturally Q2  will have a jump and as far as Rs.5,000 crore 
is concerned, we are looking at doing something better than last year. Maybe it is 
Rs.100 crore, Rs.50 crore or 5% more because the first quarter, the revenues are 
less. So, we will end up the year by 5%. We’ll try our best to do it Rs.5,000 crore. 
But maybe, but we’ll do better than last year. 
Varun Goenka: 
But any meaningful market share, is there an opportunity for us to gain both on 
domestic and export because of bank funding available to us because of our 
balance sheet size, brand size, any meaningful market share in any of the areas? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: No, as far as domestic is concerned, we will be having a loss of Rs.300 crore to 
Rs.400 crore on account of HoReCa. But we are trying this loss to be overtaken by 
the consumer sales because consumer pack sales are very good driven  and there 
is no problem at all. On account of HoReCa however we have dent of around 
Rs.400 crore That will be set by the consumer market. 
Varun Goenka: 
Right. And Anil, if you could help us in the export what would be our understanding? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
We are concentrating on two markets, first is Saudi Arabia, since the share in Saudi 
Arabia of Indian rice is increasing. We are working quite hard in the Saudi market  
since we feel it will bring us extra quantities and  revenue on the basis of our weak 
performances in last 2 -3 years. Secondly we have already entered the mainstream 
market in Canada after long and concerted efforts. We feel we will also will enter 
USA mainstream market. We are quite confident that these two markets will bring 
good jump for KRBL in revenue & volumes. The problem is we cannot forecast any 
numbers due to pandemic. We are unable to understand the consumer behavior 
since we hear new stories every week from these markets. Everybody is waiting for 
the HoReCa to open up. In Middle East there is a culture of eating outside or 
ordering the food from caterers. Normally during dinner time, there are hardly 40 – 
50% families that cook rice at home. They normally order from outside. Therefore, 
everybody is waiting for HoReCa segment to open for the consumption to increase.  
Varun Goenka: 
Yes. Fair enough sir. And during the course of the call, if you could just, the 
demerger of the power business valuation, if you could give a view on our PPAs and 

 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
the valuation of the total assets. There are several deals happening today so what 
do we really intend to do sir, thank you. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: No. This is definitely a better proposition for KRBL, but there are a lot of key 
challenges, and those key challenges are to deal with several states to amend our 
PPAs to a new name, then the transfer of asset, transfer of land, there are certain 
forest lands and they have certain revenue land. So there are a lot of key 
challenges. We have just taken approval from the Board, so that we may apply to 
states for all these things. If we are able to get the PPAs transferred, then we will 
definitely go ahead with it. If at any case they want to renegotiate the price on PPA, 
we will not do it. 
Varun Goenka: 
Okay. And any valuation ballpark have KPMG come up with? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: There some challenges as of now, that whether PPAs would be transferred at the 
same rate or not, then we’ll move forward if the PPAs are transferred. If they give us 
the letter to transfer the PPA to the new legal identity, then we’ll definitely look at 
other things. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Kashyap from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
My first question was around post-COVID, this entire impetus on health and 
wellness, immunity, etc. What specifically is KRBL doing or planning to do both on 
the product and on the communication front? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: On the product you see, we have brown rice. The sale of brown rice has gone up, 
and we have started a promotion along with 1 kg of brown rice, you take 200 gram 
of Quinoa. So we are promoting a lot of health products and during Corona  
pandemic time, no one wants to buy loose rice. So we are having a benefit of selling 
packaged rice during COVID period. That is the reason why our consumer sales 
have gone up. And we are more and more concentrating on healthier products now. 
In exports, we have come out with Rice Bran oil with Amaranth, with Chia Seed, 
with Flax Seed. So we are creating a full health basket, especially in the export 
market and we are very positive on it. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Thanks. My second question, sir was that in a country like India, let’s speak 
specifically for India. See, whether people eat the food through a restaurant or a 
delivery or a corporate catering kitchen or if they are working from home and not 
going out, they will be consuming more at home. So wouldn’t it be fair to say that it’s 
not so much about a channel-specific loss of business because ultimately, food is 
fairly inelastic the consumer is going to eat no matter where they eat. So if we are 
losing on HoReCa, shouldn’t we be making up exactly that much and more on the 
consumer part, like let’s say a Britannia or Nestle is doing? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes we are definitely. I said, I am having a loss of Rs.400 crore, but I’m anticipating 
that I’ll make up this Rs.400 crore in consumer sales. But, I tell you one thing. 
Especially in South India, a lot of catering business is there. Like Mittal ji, shared 
about Saudi Arabia, in South India people don’t like to cook food, especially in 
Kerala. They want to order, even for five people in the house, they will order two 
portions of biryani from a local caterer. And there are a lot of meetings, a lot of 
marriages, lot of functions. Right now there are no functions, whereas there is a lot 
of consumption of basmati rice in marriages, in functions, in parties, in restaurants, 
in catering, and this has nothing to do with restaurants. Basmati rice has a huge 

 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
consumption in parties, marriage functions and a lot of biryani culture is there in 
South India. All thela walas are selling biryanis, and they were taking rice. So 
everything is practically 0. You can’t say that we’ll make up, that will make up only 
for KRBL, I can tell you one thing, because of our strong brand. Otherwise, HoReCa 
segment will have a big dent on other rice millers, rice exporters and rice traders. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Sure, thank you. And sir, my last question was that in terms of geographical and 
category wide spaces. So the geographies within India or countries outside, which 
we are exporting to, which we are not present in and want to enter as well as the 
category wide spaces. So we are in white and brown rice. We are in Quinoa, we are 
in Chia Seeds. What other categories and geographies are we planning to get into 
in a big way? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
As far as other categories or expansions are concerned, everything can be worked 
out only when the pandemic issue is resolved. Gaining new orders or new 
connections has become little bit dicey because every country is facing financial 
problems as well. There are other problems too that cannot be narrated over phone 
which are dozens in number. Once these issues settle down, which we feel by 
November / December, then only other categories and more countries will be 
opened up. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, one thing on the exports spillover. You mentioned in the last concall also that 
because of Kandla problems certain exports could not be done and this quarter the 
export value has been quite low. So what is the, so one is the conditions have they 
completely normalized now and what will be the spillover impact of lower exports in 
Q4 and Q1, which will get into the Q2 of this year? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
We all know that the lockdown was announced on 25th of March. And it got opened 
up partially in first week of June. Though the food industry was allowed to operate, 
there was an acute labor shortage, since most of the labor migrated back to their 
home towns in UP, Bihar and Nepal. We were running our plants at a capacity of 
around 40%, including milling, packaging, etc. Not only the manufacturing, but there 
was a huge chaos at the ports because of the logistic problems, both in 
transportation and shipping because labor was not available and you require a 
specialized labor for packaging and other activities in the plant. It is not possible to 
hire labor from outside and involve them for work straight away. There are 
specialized labor for loading, unloading, packing, milling, stitching and so on. There 
were so many other problems at the port which delayed the vessels which could not 
anchorage at the port. It is hard to believe that the first vessel for 15,000 tons which 
was ordered in the month of May could not reach the port up to June due to 
lockdown.  The vessel came by first week of July, then there was a waiting period of 
20 days at the port and loading rate had come down to 1200 / 1400 MT a day 
compared to 5000 / 6000 MT a day, The vessel should have been loaded in three 
days, but with the loading rate of 1,500 tons/ day, it took 10 days. So these were the 
problems, and around 32,000, 33,000 tons were lying at the Kandla Port for last 2.5 
to 3 months which is now being loaded.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
No sir, now the situation is completely normal? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
There are two problems which are currently being faced at Kandla Port. One is the 
rains, when the rains starts pouring the loading stops. In last 3 days, our loading 

 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
rate is coming to around 1,500 tons a day. Our third vessel is being loaded and the 
loading rate is just 1,500 tons a day due to rains.  Number two, we are not able to 
reach the loading rate of 5000 MT / day, even if things normalize as far as weather 
Gods are concerned. Even in the absence of rains, the loading rate is just coming to 
2,800 - 2,900 tons. To reach 5,000 tons, I think it will take another two or three 
months. That is what our clearing agents inform us. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And this Rs.350crore odd of material, which was lying, has that been shipped now? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Most of it has been shipped out, and we have another Rs.50 crore - Rs.60 crore 
cargo left. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. Now coming to the domestic market sir, I was just looking at your volumes 
data. If I do Y-o-Y comparison, so we were at 85,000 tons in last year same quarter. 
Now it has fallen to 73,000 tons. So if HoReCa was contributing, let’s say, 20%, 
25%, then if I take that out completely, then also, probably, we are seeing 7%, 8% 
growth or maximum 10% growth in the ex-HoReCa domestic business. So my 
sense was that given the focus on packaged food and all, probably we could have 
done much better instead of just 10% sort of growth on the domestic market. So any 
comments on ex-HoReCa how much can we achieve this year? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: HoReCa is one thing. When we say HoReCa, there are 25-kg bulk bag also of India 
Gate, which retailers buy and sell in loose. That sale is also 0. The impact is around 
35%, 40%. And in fact, we have not increased by 7-8%. We have increased our 
consumer sales by, year-on-year if you take we have increased by 30%. Because 
the sale of big bulk pack 25 kg, it’s not necessary that 25 kg pack is bought by 
HoReCa only. It is bought by retailers also. So our net increase is around 30% on 
the consumer segment and 25 kg bulk pack, which is meant mainly for HoReCa, is 
down by 40%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Prakash from Marshmallow 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Prakash: 
Sir, my first question is on your new products. We continue to be extremely strong 
on basmati and our brown rice is also doing well, but if you could give us some 
more update on the other segments like Chia Seeds, Quinoa, etc., do you see any 
increased traction for them in this time and what about the regional rice like Govind 
Bhog and Jeera Rice that you were planning. Is there any further development there 
as well? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes. As far as Quinoa is concerned, there is an improvement in sales. But definitely, 
the market is small, we are selling around 10 to 15 tons a month. We were 
previously i.e. pre-COVID we were selling around 7, 8 tons a month. Currently we 
are selling 12 to 14 tons a month. So, there is an increase of 100% if you talk of 
Quinoa in the domestic market. And as far as regional rice is concerned, it is going 
well because we are doing only consumer packs. We are doing only 1 kg and 5 kg. 
We are not doing bulk packs. So, we are only into the premium regional rice 
segment and its going up. However, after COVID, as was mentioned earlier, we are 
going to set up units especially in South India and West Bengal so that we can 
supply directly from those units as a result we will save on our logistics and 
distribution cost. So, we’ll plan big for that investment. 
. 

 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Rohit Prakash: 
Understood sir, that was helpful sir. So the next question is broadly, unlike most 
other businesses, our business is benefiting from in some sense it is not harmed 
very much by the pandemic. Instead, we are seeing a shift to packaged rice 
consumption. And this will generate quite a lot of cash flows for the business. The 
intent of the management is to become debt-free. But is there any plans of buyback 
on the cards, given even the current share price seems quite low. And if not, do you 
intend to increase the inventory size even further the coming year to cater to the 
increased demand you expect going forward? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes, definitely we will increase our inventory since our marketing and brand which is 
2 years old, 1.5 years old, our volumes will go up. So naturally, inventory has to go 
up. 
Rohit Prakash: 
Understood. So no plans of buyback anytime going forward? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: At the moment, there are no plans. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajeev Agrawal from DoorDarshi 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Rajeev Agrawal: 
If I can just request the data point, which is the volume information on domestic and 
export market. So Mehrotra, I can send you a mail and if you can? 
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
Please send me a mail, I’ll reply to you. 
Rajeev Agrawal: 
Then just on the order book, there is a comment made that we have good order 
book. Is there a way to quantify it and compare it to what we have done last year? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
We have not quantified it. You put the question to Mehrotraji, just add up the order 
book and give the reply to them. 
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
Yes. Please send me via mail. I’ll reply you separately on this also. But I can tell 
you, we have very good order book in hand. As Anilji said, this quarter, our numbers 
will be very good. 
Rajeev Agrawal: 
And then do you have some visibility on how the basmati season is looking for this 
Kharif crop calendar year ’20, if you can share any insights on that? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
There has been confusing reports. The media says that the sowing of basmati will 
increase by 15% - 20% compared to last year. Whereas as per our own survey and 
that of our competitors, we feel that basmati production would be lower by 15% - 
20% this year. Moreover, most of the farmers have grown a variety 1509 compared 
to 1121/ Traditional /Pusa Basmati, which have been traditionally being grown for 
the last 20 -25 years.  1509 is a very newly developed basmati. Since the yield is 
high, and it has been in good demand this year, most of the farmers have sown 
1509. We feel that exports to Iran is the biggest confusion since exports to Iran will 
decide the supply/demand picture of basmati rice & its prices in India this year. Iran 
does not have funds, either in dollars or in rupees to buy from India. Though we 
have offers from Iran to purchase rice in euros or dollars, they cannot materialize 
due to US sanctions. Since Iran has plenty of Euros and we already have an offer 
for remittance of 5 million Euros in advance for rice shipments, it cannot materialize 
because no banking channel in India will handle Euro or Dollar from Iran due to 
American sanctions. So we are unable to execute those businesses. There is an 

 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
option of routing the deals via Dubai, which we do not want to get involved in. Huge 
quantities of cargo are lying at Bandar Abbas for about 6 - 7 months. About 50% 
cargo has been lifted and payment has been made & received by Indian exporters. 
But 50% cargo is still lying and payments are yet to be effected. But we are 
confident that food & medicine being essential commodities, they should be 
removed from the sanctions.  Maybe after November when the elections are over in 
America, some positive news on Iran will come because you cannot leave any 
country, where there are already tensions, in hunger or without essential supplies, 
medicines, etc.  Iran is a huge market for India for export of about 1.3 – 1.4 million 
tons of basmati. We are all confused as to what would be the fate of Iran. Otherwise 
crop wise, everything is good. And we are thinking that the basmati rice prices will 
increase this year compared to last year by minimum 10% to 15%. This is our 
estimate. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Sir, I have two questions. On the slide, on the consumer behavior you have really 
given a good understanding how the consumer behavior has happened. So my only 
question, which I picked up from your commentary is that the consumer would have 
upgraded from maybe 1 kg pack to 5 kg pack. So if you can help me to understand 
what would be the contribution of 5 kg, 10 kg and 25 kg separately in the quarter 
and what is the full year, last year? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: No, we take 1 kg and 5 kg as consumer packs. And, I don’t have ready numbers 
with me, but 1 kg, 5 kg on a year-on-year basis, we have got a 30% increase. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. That’s what I wanted to check because you said 30%, which is basically, you 
mean to say that then these are the packs which would have contributed to a higher 
contribution. That’s what my understanding is? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: No, it is 1 kg and 5 kg. In domestic market, if you see, my realization has gone 
down. This is due to product mix changes. During COVID, the lower varieties, which 
is Mogra, mini Mogra, they sold more than the higher varieties. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is on the paddy and you just mentioned about the 
crop, which is going to come up. So is there understanding or probably, I’m sure you 
are working with lot many farmers. So do you think that there is a chance that with 
15% less production, you are expecting the prices to go up? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
There are just some estimates. Media is saying something, and our survey is saying 
something else. To comment at this moment couldn be wrong on our part, because 
if the crop  is 10% or 15% even lesser, then also we will be able to cater  basmati 
rice demand. Because of 15% gap, the prices will remain high. It is too early to 
comment whether it would be the same as that of last year or whether it will be 
lesser by 15%. But there is one question mark which is confirmed, that the 
production of 1121 and Pusa Basmati would be lesser this year compared to last 
year, which will make the prices of the paddy higher by 15%, as compared to 
previous year. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. And just last, if you can squeeze in. You mentioned that we have to wait for 
US Election and how Iran will pan out. But do you think that Dubai due to which 
many people are exploring, you will also try and explore maybe second half? 

 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No, we will not do that business because according to us, that is not a legal way of 
doing a business and we will not involve ourselves into any illegality. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaspreet Singh from Bay Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
Did you gave lesser advertisements on the media and saved some money in 
advertising costs? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Advertising. No, we have not saved anything, we have spent the money on 
advertising. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
Okay. And sir, how was the movement between organized and unorganized market, 
because it seems that unorganized would be more hit during this COVID times? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes, unorganized market was hit, that is the reason why our sales in number were 
down . But, I tell you KRBL is strong  because 15% of the total sale of basmati is in 
the organized sector. Still 85% of the sales is under unorganized sector, which we 
call as traditional trade. Traditional trade was a bit slow. In organized sector, we had 
70% more on the e-commerce and about 50% more on the modern sales business. 
But there was not much loss in the traditional as far as consumer pack is 
concerned. You see during COVID, 70% of the retailers were closed. Even then, our 
numbers are quite good. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
All right. Should we be able to take this Rs.350 crore kind of a figure as a very 
baseline figure for the company, for the quarter? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: You are talking domestic sales? 
Jaspreet Singh: 
Domestic. Yes, domestic. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes, that is a base figure you’re right 
Jaspreet Singh: 
So with the starting of HoReCa, do you expect it to increase? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Definitely, we have generally done Rs.500 crore a quarter. You see one of our 
brands is very famous in HoReCa segment. It has a big market, and that is Unity, 
that brand is suffering a lot. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
Anilji, had you been buying any crop during this quarter, paddy or rice? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes, we are buying some rice and also  paddy  yes, we have bought some rice. 
Jaspreet, you see after buying so much of rice, as on date my debt is just Rs.15 
crore. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
Okay. And do you see any competitors or any players who have gone out of the 
market because of this pandemic? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: You see all small players and small brands: they are not there at all. Small brands, if 
you talk, those who are selling with retailers and people have opted not to buy loose 
rice. So that has really dented those small players because the sale of loose rice is 
really less compared to previous pre-COVID and post-COVID. 

 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Jaspreet Singh: 
Okay. Anoopji, another figure which I wanted to discuss with you was that your float 
in the market, which is I can see the retail investors in the market, it’s very, very high 
compared to other FMCG companies. If you check out Marico, Dabur, Prataap 
Snacks, Relaxo they’ve got hardly 7%, 8% of their shares as a retail shares. But in 
your case, it is more than 11%, 12%. So, I wonder if you would want to take this 
figure and what are you thinking about reducing this figure by doing a buyback? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Buyback, we have not discussed. Let us see, we’ll discuss in the next board 
meeting, we’ll see to it, we have still not discussed within ourselves. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
But any reason you’re not discussing it. Is it that ED has taken over the shares of 
Balsharaf and therefore, the management is not able to do anything because some 
shares are locked with ED. And it will be partly saying that you will not be able to? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: No, ED cannot sell shares. ED cannot sell share unless court allows them. That is 
not possible for ED to sell even a single share. 
Jaspreet Singh: 
No. What I’m asking is, is there any technical issue, because if you do a buyback 
and Balsharaf is not able to participate, that will be problematic in terms of that. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: No. That is not the point.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akash Shah from KFS Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Akash Shah: 
I have one question on the operations side. I just wanted to know how does the 
change in paddy price get reflected in our finished goods prices? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Change in paddy price doesn’t reflect. My inventory is valued at the cost price. If the 
paddy price would be higher next season, naturally, the rice out of it would be 
higher. 
Akash Shah: 
So any fall or lower raw material price, does that have any margin impact, higher-
margin impact in our final products realization? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Naturally, if prices are low, definitely because we are in a branded business, we 
generally don’t change our price on the shelf. If the paddy prices are low, definitely 
margin goes up. 
Akash Shah: 
And same way it is high, our margins get impacted downwards, right? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes. If it is very high because, the price on the shelf includes many things. They are 
certain and when the prices are low, we sometimes do some promotions, when the 
prices are high, we don’t do any promotions. So we balance everything. 
Akash Shah: 
Okay, got it. I would like to know what is the share of HoReCa sales in FY ‘20 
revenue, what percentage? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Around 35%. 
Akash Shah: 
35% of our entire revenue? 

 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Only Domestic sales. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Doshi: 
Sir, recently these new guidelines came up with respect to some countries, some 
procedures, which were required to get done before you export have been relaxed. 
Do you think it will have any financial impact or is just more to do with just the 
process getting out of the picture? And anything on our export and is it related to our 
countries that we export? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
There were 2 issues. One was related to Saudi Arabia. They have come up with a 
new system for the last one year. That is CoC (Certificate of Conformity). It has 
already been streamlined. Three/four international companies have been 
recognized to give those certificates, inspect the cargo and then it requires to be 
shipped out along with the CoC which has been streamlined. The other problem we 
were facing was from the Europe. Europe was originally, 28 countries, plus another 
4, which includes Switzerland, Norway and two more countries. Later these were 
increased to 48 countries. We were trying to convince the Government that the 
more countries you include, it will be more problematic for exports. Recently, the 
DGFT has come out with the notification, that up to 31st December, the countries 
will be same as 28 plus four and after January onwards, they will decide whether to 
increase the countries or not. Otherwise, there is no such system change anywhere 
or any part of the world. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. So nothing practically impacting us in the next quarter? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No, nothing impacting, except that we have to grow more and more pesticide-free 
paddy to ensure exports into Europe, USA and Middle East since within next three, 
four years we believe all countries will have the norms for pesticide-free materials. 
Amit Doshi: 
Right. Sir, you mentioned in your opening remarks that Canada has been, you have 
able to break through after a lot of efforts. So can you share something is it through 
this typically this US business happens to clubbed, etc., or is it direct B2C business 
that you……… 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
You mail these questions since they are not to be discussed in public domain. You 
write us, we’ll reply you. 
Amit Doshi: 
Sure, I understand. Sir, with reference to this delay of orders that happened 
because of these logistical issues and which you believe that you said that you will 
spillover in the Q2, etc. Do you believe any part of it, which was with reference to 
this pent-up demand, which across the globe, everybody has stocked up heavily 
and therefore, probably yes one you would, so that kind of that pent-up demand, 
which could have been catered has been lost something of that sort you believe or 
its just okay, it’s a normal orders that were being catered, because last time you 
mentioned that you have in next 5 months, you have last whole year’s export order 
book kind of a thing, something of that comment had come from your side? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Right. We have order that’s why we are saying again and again that we have a 
good order book. Our buyers are quite firm, they say that they are waiting for the 
cargo to reach their respective countries. However, we couldn’t ship it because of 
the logistics problem, as discussed earlier in this call. 

 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Amit Doshi: 
No, my point was just to understand that, has it been like that orders has been 
catered by somebody else because we could not do it or something of that sort of 
so we could get? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No, the goods were lying at the port. If it would have been taken by someone else, 
how someone else could export when KRBL could not ship? It means we are 
inefficient if somebody else is in the power to export, and we are not in a position to 
export, how is that possible? 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And sir, last two quarters back there was this idli rava, etc., was being 
launched. Now with this home consumption and domestic market, HoReCa 
segment is likely to get impacted even further, we don’t know, like maybe two or 
three quarters more. So to match up or to cover up that how is that ready-to-eat or 
something of that side, home consumption food or anything on that side. I know 
your focus is more on rice, but still because this idli rava was launched and after 
that nothing came up. So, I’m just trying to understand, is there any strategy to kind 
of recoup the HoReCa loss or something of that sort? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: We have launched idli rava, and during COVID period, the sales were also good. 
But we are not looking at heat-and-eat segment, but we are looking at certain other 
SKUs, which are more on health side. Definitely, you will see in next six months, 
there are some more launches, but definitely on the health side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jigar Walia from OHM Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Jigar Walia: 
Sir, one thing I wanted to understand the pricing for the 1509 variety, would it be 
different from the traditional basmati or the 1121? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Actually, every variety is different otherwise what is the use of growing different 
variety? Traditional is different than 1121. 1121 is different than 1509. 1509 is 
different than 1718. 1718 is different than every variety like in tea also, you have so 
many blends. Darjeeling tea is different than Assam tea. Assam tea is different than 
the South tea. South tea is different than the Kenyan tea. Whenever the varietal 
changes are there or different varieties are there, they are bound to have a different 
price and a different customer. 
Jigar Walia: 
Perfect. So the price, 15% price increase is primarily because of the change in 
variety, not just because there would be a 15%, 20% drop in the production? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
No, it will be because the consumption and the demand of 1121 is more than 1509. 
So we feel that 1509 prices will come down by 10%-15% over this year or the prices 
of 1121 will increase by 15%-20% this year. If the estimates that I’ve discussed are 
correct, which we will come to know by end of August or first week of September. 
Jigar Walia: 
Right. And sir, the kind of media reports also did mention that production is 
particularly down in Punjab, which could be our catchment. So do we get more 
linked to the catchment or we have the flexibility or the resources to have the 
procurement from the other regions as well? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Basmati we all know is a GI product. Now the matter has come to Supreme Court.  
The GI issue has already been won through APEDA from Chennai High Court as 
well as from Intellectual Property Appellate Board (IPAB). Let me clarify that there 
are seven states which fall under GI i.e. Punjab, Haryana, Western Uttar Pradesh, 

 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Delhi, two districts of Jammu Kashmir, one district of Himachal and Uttarakhand. 
These are the seven states where basmati is grown, and these are the traditional 
areas of basmati rice. So whenever we buy basmati rice, it is not from any one 
region, we buy it from all the seven regions. 
Jigar Walia: 
Right. Okay got it. Now from a geographical location perspective, any thoughts that 
a single location works better or there would be a need to diversify given certain 
state focusing on from a water conservation perspective? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me tell you, much has been said, much has been spoken, and the matter is in 
Supreme Court. I would not like to discuss further, since we are one of the parties 
involved in it on behalf of All India Rice Exporters’ Association.  It will not be good 
on my part to advocate on our case. It would be better to let the case be decided in 
Supreme Court. Then we can discuss in details. 
Jigar Walia: 
Right. Sir one last question is on the restructuring for the energy this thing, any 
specific plans to use that monetization otherwise, it works quite well for us. It reflects 
in our numbers, it’s all good. But if at all, I do not know to what extent you intend to 
monetize or unlock. But is there any use, plan use for the cash strategy or it would 
be just to reduce the working capital debt as well? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes. It is just to ring-fencing agri and energy business, and we have better 
operational efficiencies due to focused management in energy business. And the 
value unlocking is afterwards, but I tell you there are a lot of key challenges in doing 
it. 
Jigar Walia: 
I understood yes. But right now, you’ll be only subsidiarizing but even subsidiarizing 
will have those challenges? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
We’ll have a separate company. 
Jigar Walia: 
Are the PPAs getting honored in the COVID situations? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Yes, they’re getting honored. But as you know that state government payments are 
a little bit delayed due to COVID, but PPAs are at the same rate only. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Agarwal, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. As there is no response from the current participant, we take the 
next question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So given this 10% to 15% sort of a reduction that may happen in terms of paddy 
growth, what is the expectation on the basmati rice prices for exports and domestic 
market for this year? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It is too early to guess the basmati prices because it is still 2 – 2 ½ half months to 
go. They will be correlated to the prices of paddy, but not in case of KRBL, as you 
know we are FMCG Company. Our prices are more or less fixed. We just give the 
promotion or discounts based on the current market prices. Therefore, it will be too 
difficult or it will be too early to comment as to what would be the situation and what 
will happen to the new crop and its prices and the effect on the exports. But 
definitely, if the prices go up, the prices in the international market will also go up 

 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
and vice versa. When we are talking of up and down in the international market, 
they are primarily on the private label and not on the branded product.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. But since we will be using the crop from last year, where the prices were 
lower, so our cost of raw materials should not go up for this year, even if the paddy 
prices go up for this year? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Our cost of goods sold will not go up. Yes, you are right. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay, understood sir. And sir, on this restructuring part just one suggestion is 
because this might be a smaller portion of course, it is an attractive asset. But in my 
opinion, the best way to do it is to just sell given the lower interest rates, which are 
already there, you might get a good asset sale done and PPA transfer probably 
would also be, so is there any problem in selling the assets in terms of the PPA 
asset transfer, because this is a small portion of the overall business why not just 
focus on one business? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: You see, the book value we have taken accelerated depreciation throughout and as 
per the income tax, the value of the asset is practically zero. If we sell the asset, 
then it will attract a 25% state tax. Suppose I sell the asset at Rs.800 crore, so it will 
attract Rs.200 crore as tax only. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Kumar from InsideEdge 
Corp. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Kumar: 
I am looking for a clarification. In this Balsharaf matter, as you said they have 
already won cases in High Court as well as Supreme Court. And still, ED is not 
releasing the shares. So don’t you think it amounts to contempt of court itself, how 
can ED do this misadventure, is it something we are missing? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Anilji, would you like to answer? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Actually, I don’t think it will be good on my part to comment on an organization like 
ED. Till there is a clean & clear court order, they will not release it. Let me tell you, 
from five places we have won in a span of two years, when we say we won, I mean 
Balsharaf won the case. He already won the case and we have put a contempt of 
court, which has also been noticed by the High Court. Balsharaf has won from every 
angle as far as legality is concerned. Now the question is that the lawyers are 
waiting for these courts to open because they do not want to present the cases on 
webinar. And they want the courts to open, then only Balsharaf will further fight the 
cases in the court. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhurv Kashyap from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhurv Kashyap: 
Yes, sir very quickly because I understand that I stand between all of you and lunch 
now. But Mehrotra sir, my question to you was that, if you look at the progression of 
the net profit margin over the last three quarters, we have moved from about 13.5% 
to 14%, 14.5%, now about 16%. Are these sort of sustainable as we go along and 
broadly as a company what net profit margins are we sort of comfortable with for the 
financial year and the years to come? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Anilji would like to answer. He’s asking the sustainability of EBITDA? 

 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Let me tell you that both in exports and domestic it depends on the product mix 
pattern, which needs to be understood, I also stated this on the CNBC TV 18, that 
the basmati rice is normally sold between $1,100 to $2,400. In domestic, even the 
broken rice is sold, which is about Rs.40, Rs.45, then comes Rs.80, then Rs.90, 
then Rs.140. So there is a big range, there’s a big product mix pattern as far as 
basmati is concerned. Since most of the sales were taking place in the primary 
segment, the average sale price increased from Rs.85 to Rs.101 a kilo in exports 
and same was the case in domestic market. It will be our utmost endeavor to 
maintain this EBITDA and profit margins. But as our top line increases, we have to 
go and look at those sales, which are at $1,200, $1,300 in the range of Rs.80, Rs.90 
also. That is also there, but margin of profit is different than the sale price and we 
will try our level best to maintain this EBITDA what we have shown now. 
Dhurv Kashyap: 
Sure. And my second question sir, was that given that there is a tremendous 
movement on the basis of hygiene from loose rice where people open a borah and 
sell from it will which gets touched by hand, etc., to package rice, is there something 
on the communication and product front that we are doing to really accelerate this 
very quickly and get all the gains into KRBL? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes definitely, we are doing a lot of activities in social media.  
Dhurv Kashyap: 
Sir, equivalent this for you is almost like the hand sanitizer moment for the hand 
sanitizer company. So, it is a saying that strike while the iron is hot, so, is this not 
the time to really leapfrog our product and communication to take advantage of the 
tremendous desire of the consumer to have hygienic packaged products? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes, we are doing a lot of things and if you look at our social media, we are doing a 
lot of activities. Then a lot of promotion with the retailers also, but I tell you still, 
people are not going in the market. So the brand because of the brand name, it is 
being sold. But if you see at the footfall, even at Reliance, Big Bazaar or D-Mart or 
even retail, the footfalls are very less. 
Dhurv Kashyap: 
Sir, my last and final question, what has been the response to the tie-up with 
Swiggy and Zomato? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Not good. Frankly speaking, not good. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raman Tiwari, Individual Investor. 
Pease go ahead. 
Raman Tiwari: 
Sir, I would like to just have your opinion on the domestic sales, where I was looking 
at your leading competitor and they said they have gained market share. And this is 
as per the neilsen survey where they said market share has increased. This is the 
competitor, the market share has increased from 24.5% to 27%, and in rural 
markets, from 31% to 44% in Q1. So have you lost market share, just wanted to 
know your opinion on it? 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
If we talk of the competitor, their domestic sale is Rs.200 crore and our domestic 
sale is Rs.350 crore. So you can’t compare, it’s a 2x. It is out of comparison. I don’t 
want to comment on the numbers or their data on rural and domestic sales. 
 

 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Raman Tiwari: 
Okay, sir. And just one more question, I would like to know like this Tata Group this 
is entering into dal segment with Tata Sampann. What are your views on dal as a 
branded commodity play, do you in future want to enter that market or do you think 
it’s too small of a market for you to think about? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: No, it’s a big market, but we don’t intend to enter into dal market because every 
state, every region has a different taste and every region has a different dal. We are 
not into it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Doshi from Tulsi Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Chetan Doshi: 
My first question is that in spite of all odds, our competitor’s results speaks for itself. 
Whatever has been discussed till now in spite of all the problems what are there in 
the market, they have performed well, they have shown the results. We are a 
market leader and when you say there is no comparison, are we pricing our product 
very high that the consumer is not able to buy and that is the reason we are losing 
sales. Or why our results are low, exports as per your figures we have grown. So 
you cannot doubt that and that argument that our material is stock at Kandla. That is 
the reason our results our sales is low. That is cannot be taken well because 
competitor is also equally present in all the aspects, in all the segments, not where 
we operate. And second question is when we would as a shareholder, when the 
company will go back to its original position where everything was the best, 
including the share price. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: We are working at our best and if we compare the share price of Rs. 600 from two 
years back we have gone quite ahead in terms of the numbers, our results are 
much better. Also, as far as competition is concerned, domestically we are doing 
much, much better than competitors.  As Mr. Mittal, our CMD told that this shipment 
was all containerized. And our shipment is break bulk. So, the break bulk shipment 
was a big hassle in COVID. There was no hassle in containerized shipment and 
why you say that Rs.350 crore carry forward will not be better, definitely our second 
Q2 would be better by Rs.350 crore. I’m expecting Q2 to be practically 2x of Q1. 
Chetan Doshi: 
That means Rs.1,400 crore? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Yes. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
It will be astonishing good numbers. It should be good numbers. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: Good number, but Rs.350 crore will be definitely carry forward and whatever we are 
doing in a quarter so, we are doing better than quarter one. So naturally, our 
numbers would be quite great in quarter two. 
Chetan Doshi: 
Exactly, we say that our performance is getting better and better day by day, why 
people are losing interest in our stock? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta: I can’t comment on this. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 

 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Rakesh Mehrotra: 
Thank you, once again, for your interest and support. We will continue to stay 
engaged. Please be in touch with our Investor Relations team for any further details 
or discussions. Look forward to interacting with you soon. Thank you. 
Anil Kumar Mittal: 
Thank you to everybody. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of KRBL Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining, you may now disconnect your lines. 
