 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E-filing 
 
SEC/2908/2020 
 
 
 
 
                         29th August, 2020 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
 
Kind Attn.: The Manager, Listing Dept. 
 
BSE Ltd.             
Corporate Relationship Department,  
27th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 532259      
 
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Dept.  
 
 
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Investors Con call Transcript – for Q1 FY 2020-21 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 and all other applicable regulations, if any, of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended from time to time. 
__________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
 
We are sending herewith transcript of Apar Industries Ltd. for Q1 FY 2020-21 - Earnings 
Conference Call made on August 07, 2020. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Apar Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
(Harishkumar Malsatter) 
Assistant Manager – Secretarial & Legal 
 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office: APAR House, Corporate Park, V N Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, RC Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
HARISHKUMA
R MALSATTER
Digitally signed by HARISHKUMAR MALSATTER 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=390007, 
st=GUJARAT, 
serialNumber=d3ab76fe749fc4eb8b1153cdb29c
1f0a53ca896fad0c8a6f61c857cd83bd0131, 
cn=HARISHKUMAR MALSATTER 
Date: 2020.08.29 17:52:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
Apar Industries Limited 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Conference Call 
August 07, 2020 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Apar Industries Limited Q1 FY ‘21 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Four-S Services. As a reminder, for the duration of this conference 
call all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions at the end of today’s presentation. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Samayak Jain of Four-S Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Samayak Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Four-S Services, I welcome all the 
participants to the Apar Industries Q1 FY ‘21 Earnings Conference Call. Today on the 
conference, we have Mr. Kushal Desai, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya Desai, 
Managing Director; and Mr. V. C. Diwadkar, CFO, Apar Industries. I would now like to hand 
over the call to Mr. Desai for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Jain. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to our Q1 FY ‘21 
earnings call of Apar Industries. At the outset, I hope that your families are all safe during this 
strange period. I will start the call with giving a quick industry update and then an overview 
on the performance of each of the segments. And after that, we can open the floor to 
questions. 
So as we all know, Q1 FY ’20 saw this national lockdown in April and it was followed by a 
graded resumption of operations by the end of May. At, after that, the operations have been 
at lower-than-normal levels due to various requirements of safe distancing and other 
measures being taken from this COVID-19 pandemic. Even as the economy has opened up, 
there were issues with migratory labor and transportation issues, especially at the end of May 
and the beginning of June, and then it has been slowly alleviated as time has passed by. 
However, many of our customers have faced delays in financial closures of their projects as 
well as operating their project sites, and this has further impacted sales during the quarter. 
So in Q1 FY ‘20 Apar posted consolidated revenues of about Rs. 1,293 crores, which is about 
35% lower than in the previous year, and we had an EBITDA profit of Rs.35 crores, on an 
overall loss after tax of Rs.23 crores. The profitability, of course, is impacted by lower volumes 
and other COVID-related costs such as idle overhead, price variation, etc. We expe ct the 
profitability to improve in the second quarter, where a lot of our cost reduction initiatives 
have also taken root. There will also be a lower share of higher-priced inventory, etc. in the 
case of our oil business which is now pretty much reduced. And our increased focus on 
exports has led to an export revenue growth in the quarter of 11% compared to that of the 
previous year. So even though overall sales were down by 35%, export revenues were higher 
by 11%. 

 
Page 2 of 23 
I’d like to cover a few highlights in the transmission & distribution sector in general. T&D 
orders of over Rs.10,000 crores were received in the quarter by key players and this is much 
lower than in Q1 FY ‘20. The DISCOM stress continues to be challenging, DISCOM owe Rs.1.33 
trillion to various power generation firms as of June 2020, and that’s 47% higher than in the 
previous year. DISCOM cash losses are expected to almost double to about Rs.58,000 crores in 
FY ‘21. There has been a slow off take of loans as part of the liquidity support of Rs.90,000 
crore infusion by PFC and REC, which has been announced in the month of May. The Power 
Minister has also proposed a new scheme worth Rs.3 lakh crores spanning over 5 years to the 
Finance Commission to restructure the power system to make states respons ible for the 
financial health of their DISCOMs. There is a very urgent need for immediate structural 
reforms and we are hopeful that the government will focus on some of these in line with 
what they did in the agriculture sector during the lockdown. In Q1 FY ‘21, India has added 
1,091 circuit kilometers of AC transmission lines, so this is about 48% lower than in the same 
period previous year, and 7,390 MVA of AC substations transformation capacity, which is 41% 
lower than in the previous year. 
Transmission & Distribution demands will be forrtified from the ISTS and the renewable 
transmission projects, which we expect will start getting executed in the near future. While in 
Q1 FY ‘21, no new TBCB transmission projects were awarded, there are currently 22 
transmission projects under construction, which are worth more than Rs.26,000 crores. The 
Indian Railways has fixed a target of electrification of 7,000 railway kilometers for the year 
2021. All routes on the BG network, Broad Gauge network, have been planned to be 
electrified by December 2023, and that target doesn’t change. 365-kilometer major 
connectivity work has been commissioned during the COVID period. 
In general, it has been our observation that the government sector and various government 
departments have not been able to adopt like their private enterprise counterparts to cope 
with the new work conditions imposed from this COVID situation. It has thus slowed down 
tendering and awarding of contracts because physical meetings have not been happening and 
in virtual meetings, finalization of tenders and contracts have not been taking place. Also, 
payments and some of the production facilities like in the railways for locomotive 
manufacturers and the coach plants have taken very long to ramp up and still continue to run 
at capacity levels, which are much lower than pre-COVID levels. However, we hope that in Q2 
and Q3, there will be an improvement. Our personal opinion is that Q3 and Q4 is the period 
where we will see a ramping up of operations. 
In terms of briefing you on each of the segment’s performance, I’ll start with the Conductors 
segment. Our Conductors business declined 31% year-on-year to reach Rs.709 crores in Q1 FY 
‘20, mainly due to a 52% year-on-year decline in their domestic revenues. Export revenues 
grew 26% in the quarter, contributing to a 53% of the overall revenues. Volume fell by 24% to 
31,861 metric tonnes. The EBITDA per metric tonne post Forex adjustment came in at 
Rs.6,185 compared to Rs.12,137 in Q1 FY ‘20. This was primarily due to approximately Rs.16 
crores of costs incurred arising of various reasons triggered by COVID-19. This includes export 
benefits of Rs.7.5 crores on account of duty-free material, which we will realize in the ensuing 

 
Page 3 of 23 
quarters. So after Rs.16 crores, Rs.8.5 crores is non-retrievable and Rs.7.5 crores is something 
that will creep in over the next few quarters when the duty-free material is consumed. 
Our higher-value products, which is our high-efficiency conductors and copper conductors, 
contributed to 38% of revenues. This includes 24% from copper conductors and 14% from the 
high-efficiency conductors. Progress on the recently introduced copper transport conductors 
for transformers has also been slowly gaining approvals in spite of the current market 
conditions. We expect that by the fourth quarter of this year, a lot of the approvals which we 
seek will be in place and in FY ‘22 we should start seeing significant contribution coming from 
this investment that we’ve made. 
Our aluminum rods also saw a good export demand. New order inflows came in at Rs.317 
crores, which is down 47% year-on-year due to both customer execution issues and delay in 
awarding new tenders, as I had mentioned earlier. The order book at the end of June 2020 
stands at Rs.1,573 crores. 
In terms of our Specialty Oil division, our revenue declined by 43% year-on-year to Rs.352 
crores. Volumes came at 61,624 KL, which is 42% lower than in the previous year. The auto 
lubes and industrial oil business contributed to 23% of the revenues. We saw good dema nd 
for auto oils from the tractor OEMs and from the agriculture sector that picked up from the 
last week of May 2020. 
Exports contributed to 49% of the revenues for the quarter compared to 36% in Q1 FY ‘20. 
Our Hamriyah plant has run uninterrupted through the entire COVID period. The plant 
utilization, however, was at 55%. Even though there were no lockdowns and no production 
days that were lost there, due to global lockdowns in most countries, dispatches were 
affected in April and May as customers asked to hold shipments due to congestion in various 
ports. However having said that, we had picked up considerably in June and the company 
carries a good order book in Hamriyah for the months of July August and September. 
We expect better demand globally in the second quarter of FY ‘21 for the oil business and we 
also expect better price realizations as the price of crude, gas oil and other derivatives have 
increased. The EBITDA per KL after Forex adjustments fell by 81% year-on-year in the quarter 
to reach Rs.732 per KL. Here, we had an impact of higher-priced inventory as well as the 
lower volumes. However, we expect the pricing to improve, as I mentioned earlier, to be a lot 
better from Q2 onwards. And we should be able to make a positive contribution at the end of 
a six month period in the oil business. With the bulk of our higher-priced inventories that 
have been consumed, we expect very little of that impact to be there in the second quarter. 
In terms of cables, our revenue declined 37% year-on-year and came in at Rs.250 crores, 
mainly due to the subdued demand in the domestic markets. Export revenues increased by 
109%. So they were basically double what they were a year ago, contributing to 27% of the 
revenues of the cable business. We saw a recessionary trend in the market for all varieties of 
cables as well as various payment issues from customers, especially from the EPC and the 
solar segments. There was postponement of deliveries to railway coach manufacturing 
facilities, as I mentioned earlier, as they took a lot longer to ramp up, maintaining the safe 
distancing and protocols that had been put in place. The power cables continues to be highly 

 
Page 4 of 23 
competitive, and we are focusing currently on exports, especially to regions with high Chinese 
cable market share. There seems to be an underlying current which shows more openness 
from global customers to look at alternate suppliers to their Chinese supply chain. We expect 
this to open up opportunities for Indian manufacturers like us. We have already started 
engaging much more intensely than in previous periods with overseas buyers. However, we 
feel that this will take some time to fructify. But as we stay focused, our export business will 
continue to grow. 
There was lower demand from the Railways, Defense and Solar s ectors, as I mentioned. 
However, in Q3 and Q4 we expect all of these sectors to pick up. The demand from the 
Telecom side continues to be slow, primarily on account of a lot of issues that BSNL is having. 
However, having said that, there has been some amount of increased demand from cable 
operators and some of the telecom operators due to the work-from-home bandwidth 
demand that is picking up. EBITDA margin post forex adjustment in the cable division came in 
at 2.9% versus 13.2% in Q1 FY ‘20. Our Cables division otherwise has higher fixed operating 
cost. We have taken several steps in terms of rightsizing the manpower and readjusting 
manpower to the lower demand, which is expected in the sector. So the benefits of that will 
start accruing from Q2 onwards. 
So summing up, we hope that the worst is behind us, though there are still intermittent state 
level lockdowns disrupting the recovery. We have already undertaken, as I mentioned, several 
cost reduction initiatives that should start reflecting from the second quarter and have the full 
impact from Q3 onwards. The demand, we feel will still take some time to revive as the 
economy is projected to contract at about 9.5% this year, especially in the domestic markets. 
Our overall feeling is that our export revenue for FY ‘21 will be higher than for FY ‘20. We 
continue to focus on collections, order profitability and we will be keeping a very firm eye on 
our financial health. We have been exploring export opportunities, as I mentioned, especially 
with the transforming landscape towards renewables. This transition, we have mentioned 
before, is very positive for infrastructure building providers like us. We reiterate that many 
overseas governments are including power infrastructure and renewable projects as part of 
their overall boost to their economies and to increase local employment in their countries. 
So to sum it up, we expect the domestic market to still be slow and lower than in the previous 
year, though it should improve in Q3 and Q4. The fundamental demand drivers for our 
products,. however, in the medium-term remain intact, which are primarily demand for 
renewables, railway electrification, thrust from various governments, both in India and 
overseas on infrastructure development. We believe that Apar should emerge stronger and 
experienced accelerated growth post the COVID-19 recovery. So with this, I come to the end 
of my formal comments. I would  like to thank all of you for joining our conference call. Wish 
you all good health, and open the floor to questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pratiksha Daftari from Aequitas. Please go ahead. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Sir my first question is for the conductor division, what margin expectation would we have for 
H2 or probably part of the, remaining part of the year. Considering that there has been, there 

 
Page 5 of 23 
will be some amount of COVID expenses that could be, additional expense that could be 
recurring. And also in the annual report, you have mentioned that you expect certain margin 
pressure because of lag in ordering and competition. So if you could just elaborate on that 
and also give us some flavor on the margin expectation. Secondly, if you could break up the 
order book, how much of it is for HEC, how much is for CTC and copper conductor and what is 
the execution period for the current order book? 
Kushal Desai: 
So in terms of the H2 expectation, we see things improving compared to what we saw in Q1, 
already Q2, we are seeing signs of improvement over Q1. And we hope that a lot of the 
demands which in India has got delayed and tenders have been delayed. At some point, 
during Q2 and early part of Q3, those businesses will get finalized, and then the orders will 
start getting placed for delivery in Q4, particularly. So there may be some impact in Q3 also 
because of the various delays which have happened, due to the tenders and the government 
concerns which have been going very slow in placement, opening of the tenders. So that is as 
far as the demand in India. The demand outside India, we expect to continue and we hope 
that we will be back as per the normal situation as was in the past prior to COVID s ituation. So 
that is as far as the exports are concerned. The Railway Copper side also has been somewhat 
impacted because the tenders have been postponed quite a bit during this entire COVID 
period, and that also will result in less demand in Q2 and Q3, but in Q4 things should pick up 
again. The high-efficiency conductor and OPGW business, we expect that to improve, 
especially because the tenders have been finalized and part of it is getting ordered out 
already. So we hope that in H2, we’ll have a much better HTLS and OPGW business and now if 
I may request Mr. Diwadkar to add anything more. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
High-efficiency conductor order book is about 13% of the total order book and copper 
conductor order book is about 4%. And the quantity of the order book will last for close to 
about 6.5 months. 
Kushal Desai: 
Also, Mr. Diwadkar, the OPGW is around 6%. So there is a lot of the delayed OPGW lines 
which actually had come through pre-COVID and now that is going on in terms of its 
execution. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Correct. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. So, how would the margins for OPGW conductors compare would it be closer to HEC or 
would it be more closer to conventional. And also, what kind of bid book are we seeing right 
now. Like considering that the T&D sector has seen Rs.10,000 crores plus orders. So what kind 
of domestic bid book do we have right now? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
The margins are in between actually they are better than conventional conductor but lower 
than high-efficiency conductor. . The second question, what is that bid book mix, I have not 
understood? 
Kushal Desai: 
There are number of this TBCB bids, 29 numbers are there in the domestic market. So in that 
sense, even in the COVID period, the tenders have been filled up and submitted, but they may 
not have been finalized and they may be somewhat delayed. So we expect that when the 
tenders do get finalized, maybe in October time frame, then a lot of business will be coming 

 
Page 6 of 23 
in. And it’s possible that the industry at large would like to catch up on the lost time. And the 
period for completing those projects is a little tight. We knew that from before in the tender 
itself. So we are hopeful that the same requirement stands in spite of the COVID lingering 
issues. And hopefully, the industry will gear up to try and get that put in place. So those are 
with respect to the tenders which have been given and not yet the orders have been placed. 
But in terms of order pending situation, we have close to 49,000 metric tonnes of export and 
about 6,000 of deemed export and about 23,000 tonnes of domestic conductors. This is 
roughly six months, a little over six months of our annual capacity. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And on the oil segment, so Hamriyah this quarter we saw that the utilization was 55%. 
So that’s 55,000 KL and in the last quarter, you had mentioned that you all have shifted some 
order and exited some orders from Hamriyah instead of because of the lockdown in India. So 
how much of this 55% is more on a, like a sustainable basis and how much of it could be just 
because it was shifted from India? 
Kushal Desai: 
So we expect the utilization this year to be actually much higher than 55%. It was 55% in the 
first quarter, even and the constraints really not been come from our ability to produce and 
dispatch. But since the month of May, globally was shut, all over the world pretty much. So 
what had happened is that one shipments started going out in April, most customers around 
the world asked to hold shipments because the ports were congested and then they would 
obviously end up having to pay significant demurrages because nowhere around the world 
where demurrages being waived. Even in India, there’s still a lot of disputed cases going on, 
on this demurrages waiver. So what has happened as a consequence that some of them got 
pushed out into June and July and we are seeing that many customers who we were trying to 
push to move to the Hamriyah supplies, because we had better logistics there, preferred to 
continue to buy from India, just given the fact that they had all the history of supply. But with 
the pandemic having shifted them there, you continue to see the orders now being executed 
from there. So, I would say it’s a longer-term trend where we’ve actually added more 
customers. I don’t have the exact number. But as a trend, more customers have now got 
added to Hamriyah who were earlier resisting to supply from there. And given the current 
situation that we see from that plant, we will see, as I mentioned in my comments, we have a 
good supply that we did in the month of June, and we continue to have a good supply 
situation for July, August and September for this Q2. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And lastly on cables division, considering that we’re not expecting much demand from 
telecom and also there are collection issues that we are seeing in solar segment. So where do 
we see opportunity in cables for this year. And how big is the opportunity for the new 
product, that MVCC cable that we have launched and what would be the application for this 
cable, MVCC cables? 
Kushal Desai: 
So I’ll answer both the questions. In terms of the solar sites, currently are under a lot of stress 
because there was a period where they couldn’t get stabilized in terms of restarting the work. 
There’s also a little bit of a cloud hanging, given the fact that a lot of solar cells are imported 
from China. But having said that, our solar business includes solar EPC players like Sterling 
Wilson who are doing a lot of projects even outside India. So even though they place the 

 
Page 7 of 23 
order in India, the cables are physically going outside India, which are not counted as part of 
our export. So we do see that in the second half some amount of demand on the solar side 
also picking up. If you ask me in general, we will see the Railways and the defense not higher 
than the previous year, but their activity is starting to pick up. A lot of manpower is back in 
the plant. It’s just that they took a lot longer than private companies to get up and running. 
We have a stronger order book on the harness side where, just rather than supplying cables 
to the coach factories and the locomotive factories, we are actually building the whole 
harness and supplying it to them. So the harness sales will be higher. We’ve already got some 
orders in place, and we are well placed on some of the tenders which have opened but not 
been finalized, which will happen in the second half of the year. The medium voltage covered 
conductors are actually a very safe form of conductor. So because they have an insulating 
layer that runs on top of the conductor, it becomes safe for places, especially which are in 
forests, national parks and in congested areas in the cities, where when they kind of upgrade 
a line to a higher voltage level and the line is too close to a building or a balcony of a building. 
So, it’s a relatively new type of product, and it’s now rapidly gaining acceptance from various 
transmission and distribution companies. So again, it’s difficult to, it’s exactly like where our 
HTLS was maybe three years ago. So it’s a much more technology advanced product and 
we’ve been the first and largest producer of that in India. Our expectation is that it will grow, 
but difficult to just put a number at it. Many tenders are being discussed, and we’ve been 
having a lot of Zoom calls with various engineering departments of utilities for them to start 
looking at specking the product for tenders. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And one last question, if we could get the breakup of the non-fund based borrowings 
that we have, the total borrowings and how much of it is LIBOR and how much of it is 
domestic? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
The LC with interest, total is Rs.1,465 crores, out of that Rs.682 crores is LIBOR-based and 
Rs.783 crores is domestic. And the borrowings total is Rs.346 crores, out of that Rs.220 crores 
is long-term and Rs.126 crores is short term. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. next question is from the line of Nemish Shah from Emkay Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Nemish Shah: 
Sir, my question is on the cables division. So last quarter, we had a few orders where the final 
product was lying with us because of there were no approvals for the product and we had 
incurred all the cost. So has that sale happened this quarter, or it is still, the approvals are still 
pending from those orders? 
Kushal Desai:  
So most of the supply has already taken place, and that’s the reason why if you see on a year-
on-year basis, the cables division revenue still came in at 63% of what it was in the previous 
period, though manufacturing at the plant started only at the end of May, by the time we got 
permissions to start manufacturing. So we had permission to start dispatching from the end 
of April. Having said that, there are some project sites where there is still some product which 
is backlogged and lying with us because those sites have not really been commissioned 
properly. See, one of the issues that has happened in the last few weeks particularly is that 
the virus has actually moved to rural areas. And the way some of the smaller towns are 

 
Page 8 of 23 
reacting to a single case or two cases of COVID, happening even on a project site, is that they 
want to shut the whole site down and quarantine everybody for a couple of weeks. So these 
are impacts actually which are hitting our customers, which are EPC contractors and things 
like that, which is resulting in some of the supplies being delayed and the off-take getting a 
little bit slow or deferment of production, etc. taking place. So these have been some of the 
challenges which are there. As it’s moved out of the cities into the rural areas, the response 
from the rural area has been sometimes a little bit more irrational than one would imagine. 
But primarily, what we had as of the end of March has been dispatched. 
Nemish Shah: 
Okay. So the dip in the margins in the cables business, is it primarily because of negative 
operating leverage? 
Kushal Desai:  
Its largely because we have picked up the operating cost other than power for pretty much 
the entire quarter. So, even if some of the contract workers and others had to be reduced, we 
have obviously made sure that they were compensated for that quarter and then let go. So, as 
a consequence you had significantly higher operating cost. We also made sure that the people 
who we wanted to keep through the entire quarter and who are very skilled manpower, they 
were paid all the way through the quarter even though they actually hadn’t worked. So in that 
sense, it’s not a comparable situation because the operating cost are relatively very high for 
the production that has been taken out. But you won’t find that repetition happening in Q2 
and Q3. There is some operating leverage negative in Q2 because we are still running only at 
65% to 70% capacity on the cables side, but we have reduced costs as much as possible. 
Nemish Shah: 
So should we expect margins improving from Q2 onwards to our normal levels? 
Kushal Desai:  
We don’t expect it to come to the, last year we did 11, upwards of 11% as an EBITDA. So 
whereas in the first quarter, it was only 2.9%. So we would expect that to improve certainly 
above 2.9%, but not get to about 11%. It’ll be somewhere in between, depending on finally 
what dispatches take place by the end of September. 
Nemish Shah: 
Okay. And one more thing on the conductor side, so this onetime expenditure of Rs.16 crores, 
so is this purely one-time and can you just explain what the Rs.16 crores exactly is? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
The breakup of Rs.16 crores is out of that, about Rs.3.75 crores is because of the price 
variation loss in our copper railway conductors. Then there is about Rs.4 crores is because of 
the overhead, the manufacturing overhead and the EPC overhead and there was some small 
price negotiation which happened for an existing fixed price contract, so that is about Rs.0.5 
crores and a major Rs.7.53 crores is a duty-free actually, see for our exports we can get duty-
free material, . And the duty component is close to about Rs.10,000 per tonne. So that’s the 
duty-free material, there is a backlog for the quarter, there’s a backlog of about 7,500 metric 
tonnes. So 7,500 metric tonnes into Rs.10,000, so Rs.7.53 crores and that will come back . 
When we will consume the duty-free material, we are allowed to bring the duty-free material 
and consume it for domestic, actually. At that point of time, it will come in the profit and loss 
account. 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Shah from Emkay Investment. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 23 
Sachin Shah: 
Sir, I just wanted to check that announcement that the government had done in terms of 
releasing the payments to the DISCOMs of almost Rs.90,000 crores. But from the data what 
we see, they have only released about Rs.18,000 crores or so, so far. How does it impact us in 
terms of our business, demand, tenders or whatever in terms of our dispatches. And how do 
you see it for the next 12 months for our business, because it’s been almost two years that we 
have been challenged, there are a lot of headwinds in our environment from the customer 
side, for the overall sector side. Are you seeing any sign of hope of things turning around? 
Kushal Desai:  
So this beneficiaries are mainly the distribution company and in our conductor business, we 
don’t directly deal too much with the distribution companies. There’s definitely an indirect 
impact on EPC clients who are dealing both with the transmission and the EPC companies and 
who are our customers. Yes, the distribution companies. So accordingly, we hope that as this 
full Rs.90,000 crores come into the system, when that cash flow will come through and that 
will improve the demand for us. Because at times we are restricting our business to some of 
our clients, EPC clients, who are not able to open LCs in time and even transformer  
manufacturers who are dealing with the state transmission companies. So in that sense, it will 
be an indirect benefit to us once this cash flow comes into the system. In terms of fresh 
demand, I doubt very much if the distribution companies will have that much ability to fund 
new projects. This may be more like paying off the whole dues, this Rs.90,000 crores. So in 
future demand, again, we are hopeful that the Government of India, Central Government will 
have to help out the distribution companies. Having said that, our main work in Apar is more 
with the transmission companies, where there is not too much dependence on funding from 
the state governments. It is more to do with the Central Government funding and also with 
the private sector. So actually, there is some impact. As Chaitanya mentioned, the impact will 
not be there on a conductor division. You will find some amount of impact happening in the 
cable business. But on the cable business, we focus only on a few distribution companies. So 
our largest customer for distribution are the various DISCOMs in Gujarat who have been 
profitable and they are not actually having any of this problem of paying for the power that 
they bring in. In addition to that, we have a focus on certain circles in Maharashtra and 
Karnataka, particularly in the cities which is cities like Bangalore, where again the DISCOM is 
fairly self-sufficient on cash, largely because they have a lot of commercial and industrial 
clients. So there will be an impact over there without a doubt. But we’ve restricted ourselves 
in terms of who we deal with. And it’s primarily for this reason that we have been focusing a 
lot more on the export side. 
Sachin Shah: 
Right. So since you mentioned about the, so obviously on the domestic side, I would like to, I 
take it that it’s going to be tough for at least the one year FY ‘21, at least looks like. So if I see 
the full year FY ‘20 our exports was almost 35% roughly of the total revenues. And of course, 
first quarter has been even higher, but first quarter domestic was medium to down. So, I 
wouldn’t consider that as a base. But would you have any thoughts on how do you see the 
exports overall of the total revenue that you would like to have in the next two years or so? 
Kushal Desai:  
So, I would just like to point out that the percentage is higher on both counts. Absolute export 
that has happened is also higher in the first quarter than what we did in the first quarter of 
last year. Besides that, obviously, the percentage is very high. It’s over 50%, if you take for the 

 
Page 10 of 23 
company as a whole. So we had foreseen the issues, as you rightly pointed out there have 
been headwinds in the DISCOM side for the last 2 years. So 2 years ago, we started actually 
focusing on and if you go through some of our transcripts of previous calls, we have been 
focusing on the export side in both our conductor as well as cable divisions. And in our 
specialty oil division, export has been anyway a thrust area given that we built a facility 
outside India. So there will be subdued demand on the domestic side. We hope to make that 
up with export. And as I also mentioned here that the number of inquiries and serious 
discussions which have been happening with global buyers, has really picked up post the 
COVID pandemic. So, whereas as I mentioned in my opening remarks we don’t see them just 
shutting out Chinese suppliers, but there is a real move in terms of wanting to look a t good 
alternatives to them. And, I guess, as we establish our trust and credentials in terms of supply, 
there will definitely be a shift that will take place. 
Sachin Shah: 
Right. And in terms of opportunity for us as a company, can exports be say, I’m saying next 
three years, four years down the line and if I take a normal domestic business that we did say 
in FY ‘18, FY ‘19 or FY ‘20, we just take an average of that. Can exports become bigger than 
that number in the next three years. So I’m saying can exports be more than 50%, even when 
the domestic comes? 
Kushal Desai:  
It could very well be. And I mentioned this in my opening remarks of today as well as in our 
last call which we had with our annual results, that even pre the pandemic, there are many, 
many countries which had previously saturated their transmission and distribution 
infrastructure, countries like Australia, Germany, the Scandinavian countries, where today 
new infrastructure is coming in place because they are building renewables. The location of 
these renewables is quite different than where the thermal power plants were located or 
their nuclear power plants were located. So as a consequence, there is this new infrastructure 
spend which is taking place. We have already started approaching utilities and EPC companies 
in all of these geographies. So this move actually started more than two years ago, and what 
we personally feel is, that part of the expenditure which is being done by the governments to 
improve employment, etc. is going into infrastructure. And a portion of that infrastructure is 
accelerating some of this change over to renewables. So depending on how successful we 
finally are in picking up larger market shares from overseas utilities and EPC companies, our 
export demand is definitely going to grow, but maybe it may exceed 50%. 
Sachin Shah: 
Right. But in terms of getting the product approvals with these new customers, or some of the 
other approvals that we will need to get with them, is that a very long gestation process, or it 
happens fairly quickly in terms of they’re approving us as their vendors or core suppliers or 
something? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
No, it is a long process, but the good news for us is that a lot of it was started much before 
COVID. So we had people that have come in and done inspections of facilities and asked for 
certain type of certificates and all that. Because we started this process a couple of years ago. 
Right now, what we are trying to do is, we are trying to push the process as much as possible 
over Zoom and Microsoft Teams calls and things like that. 

 
Page 11 of 23 
Sachin Shah: 
So would you say that good part of that process in terms of getting the approvals, then 
getting ourselves impaneled with them is we you are at the fag end of that, would you say 
that? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, I wouldn’t’ say fag end of it, but in some cases yes, but it’s already progressed. So it’s not 
that we’re doing a cold call to a utility today saying, introducing ourselves. So the process has 
happened. The other interesting thing is that a lot of overseas customers have also now 
started accepting inspections which are being done over the Internet. For online inspections, 
not only of product but even facilities. So we send them an outline of what the plant tour is 
going to be like and then take them through the whole plant tour. And there’s a Q&A line that 
goes on through the whole process. So, it’s only the government entities that have been a bit 
slow in terms of adapting to this. Most of the private enterprises has moved pretty quickly, 
both in India and overseas, to figure out a way of dealing with this pandemic. 
Sachin Shah: 
Right. But any sense would you have that, say, next two quarters, three quarters, in what time 
frame, some of the large customers empanelment can be done and then we can start thinking 
about bidding for those businesses or those kind of things? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So it’s difficult to put a time line on it. Different utilities, as Kushal said, we are at different 
stages of the whole process. In some cases, we were like almost 99% done and there was 1% 
left. And the person was practically on a flight, and we had to tell them that now please don’t 
come to India, it was in some cases like that. And in some other cases where we have reached 
like 90% plus of the journey and again, there are certain formalities left, which we are trying 
to get them now to do the virtual plant tours and get through with the testing part of it. 
Kushal Desai: 
But the bottom line is difficult to predict. What you’re asking in the next one quarter, two 
quarters, that’s still a little bit away. Maybe by the end of the year, you will start finding a little 
bit more predictability starting to come in. All I can say is that there is a fair amount of activity 
which is happening. 
Sachin Shah: 
Fair enough, okay. And just last one question that, on these railways in the domestic market in 
the last one or two years, the railways has been one of the incremental growth drivers or 
incremental demand has come from railways quite significantly, I would say. Now that this 
year, obviously we can see that the railways revenues itself would have dwindled quite 
significantly with so much of lockdown. Do you think that would change their CAPEX budget 
significantly for this year or the year, how will it play out? 
Kushal Desai:  
No, we may not have a reduction in their budget. Their plans are still like the 7,000 route 
kilometers which was talked about. But from a practical point of view, unless the tenders get 
finalized and they start allowing the work on the ground to happen, yes practically we may 
see a reduction in the actual demand, which we talked about earlier. But the goals remain the 
same in terms of the electrification of what they want to accomplish. So it may get pushed 
back by maybe six months due to this pandemic and lockdown. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Sir, what is the current capacity utilization across the plant? 

 
Page 12 of 23 
Kushal Desai:  
Are you asking for the conductor business? 
Dhiral Shah: 
Overall, sir. I’m asking overall, sir. 
Kushal Desai:  
So in general, we are, as the cable business is running at around 65% to 70% utilization. Our 
specialty oil business is, I don’t think utilization percentage is actually the bottleneck. So in 
terms of demand last period we were at about 70% for the month of, sorry about 60% for the 
quarter. And in this quarter, we expect to be at around between 75% and 80% and for the 
conductor also will be around 75% or so. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And sir, when you expect that overall export would, that may touch around 50% in the 
next two to three years. So thus, it will help us to improve our margins? 
Kushal Desai:  
Yes. Actually, in general we are focusing less on conventional conductors and more on all the 
remaining more value-added products. So that is a conscious effort which is there even in the 
domestic market. So, if you see besides the conventional conductors, we are having specialty 
rods, we have the copper conductors, now we’ve got the copper transpose conductors for 
transformers, the HTLS or HEC, which is a high-efficiency and OPGW. So our conventional 
conductor percentage itself will come closer to 50% of our revenues. And then as far as the 
export side is concerned, there will be more conventional conductors that go in just for 
evacuation from solar sites and things. But those margins are better than the conventional 
conductor margins which we have in the domestic market. So going forward, we’ve been very 
clear that we don’t want to add more capacity. We wa nt to only concentrate on the mix of 
products that we make, both geographic as well as product mix. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And sir, the export will have a higher working capital cycle, or it is the same as the 
domestic cycle? 
 Chaitanya Desai: 
So we have to import duty-free raw materials. So to that extent, there are a little more lead 
time to get the raw material. In terms of the finished product movement also, we have 
sometimes like an inspection lot that goes out. So we have generally a little more on the 
finished goods stock, but it is nothing very significant, both these two components. And it’s 
easier, the receivables are usually faster. So even if there are extended terms on letters of 
credit and stuff, there are discounting lines available, financing lines available, etc.. So usually, 
payments on the exports are more secure than in terms of time, they are more timely than in 
the domestic. And the interest cost is much cheaper in the case of the export because we can 
do LIBOR-related borrowing because there’s a natural hedge. We are selling in dollars and 
buying the raw material also in dollars. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And sir, in our oil division do you have now higher kind of inventory because of we have 
seen an impact in Q1? 
Kushal Desai:  
No, we actually have reduced our inventory levels as we move into August, July levels are 
lower than what they were in June. And we don’t have anything in excess. The problem which 
was there was that the pricing levels were relatively high because these products came in 
based on pricing in the month of February, March and they arrived during the lockdown when 
the price of oil crashed. Now with demand having started getting restored to a very large 
extent, at least on the fuel side, in most countries it’s now at close to 90% levels other than 

 
Page 13 of 23 
aviation fuel. The prices also of crude oil as well as gas oil, et cetera have moved up. Base oil 
prices also have started moving up, so we don’t have a problem. In fact, we will gain from 
slightly cheaper inventory to compensate for a more expensive one that we had in the 
previous period. So that’s the reason why I’m making a statement saying that as far as the oil 
business is concerned, the second quarter’s profitability will be relatively better because of 
these factors compared to the first and overall, six months we should be having a positive 
number. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay. And sir one last question, so when do you expect the overall margin to be at pre-COVID 
level? 
Kushal Desai:  
I wouldn’t be able to take that guess. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Maybe by Q4? 
Kushal Desai:  
Your guess is as good as mine. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from PGIM Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I had a question on the conductor side, where we have clearly stated that we want to focus 
more on high-margin business. Can you elaborate on the opportunity size for that business, 
and how hike in the margins are and how is the rate of innovation in that business? Do we 
think that every three to four year more and more products are coming, which are at a higher 
value addition type of products and where are we in that scale. When we are thinking that we 
want to have a higher or better margin and more difficult business, how difficult is to get into 
more complex product on that side. Can you throw some light on those things? 
Kushal Desai:  
Sure. So for many decades, in the whole world, people are using what is called the 
conventional conductors. And then maybe about 7, 8 years ago, the HEC or the high-efficiency 
conductors, which could transmit like almost double the amount of power, those started 
getting introduced in India and globally. So, those products have far significant technology 
involved not only in the manufacturing but also in the application of it. So what we do is we 
actually have a service component where besides manufacturing it, we are also doing this re -
conductoring of that. So, I would say there are certain barriers to entry, and there are not 
many producers in India as well as in the world who have been able to manufacture these 
type of products. These are growing in popularity and slowly as the different countries nee d 
to upgrade their systems, either the old lines have now got corroded or they are now too 
congested and they need to have them replaced by new lines and they don’t have the space 
to put up parallel lines, then they simply remove the whole lines and put up these new high-
efficiency conductors. So there are significant barriers to entry for these new product lines for 
the new generation conductors. 
Then in terms of the steel, which was the earthing used in the transmission system that is 
getting replaced with the optical fiber ground wire or what we call the OPGW. So here again, 
there is a component of manufacturing of the optical fiber unit as well as the conductor unit. 
So because in Apar, we have both the cable and the conductor business, we could 
manufacture this product. Again, there are not many manufacturers in India who are able to 

 
Page 14 of 23 
make the OPGW type of conductor. Then the copper railways conductor, there are two parts 
to it. One part is what is called the contact wire, the other is called the catenary wire. The 
catenary wire, again is a slightly complicated product because there are certain alloys along 
with the copper. So the margins for products where the competition is less is definitely having 
better margins. And then the last product line is called the copper transpose conductor used 
in the transform industry where, again, it is a much more sophisticated product, requiring a 
completely air conditioned environment and there are very severe product requirements. And 
therefore, there are fewer producers, relatively higher capital cost also compared to other 
type of conductors for the plant and machinery. So all the new product lines, whatever we 
have got into, are ones where there is basically more technology involved and there are 
relatively less players. So definitely, the margin profile for all these product lines is better. The 
only thing is that for most of these new products, there is a certain time frame before we can 
get the approvals, and so we are not up to the full production capacity. And we have been 
actually incurring the cost of the investment, the CAPEX cost we have incurred, so the 
depreciation and interest cost while the ramp-up is happening simultaneously. So these new 
products are now slowly coming to help in terms of overall profitability. But as we have grown 
in these products like high-efficiency conductor and copper railways, we have also got into 
other products like OPGW and copper transpose conductors. So as these also come to a 
certain critical mass, then the overall business will show much better results. 
 In addition to that, the specialty rods also is another opportunity we have pursued. And 
especially in the export market, we find that the volumes are very large, available in terms of 
the opportunity. So here again, we see that there is a growing prospect for us, given that we 
already have the infrastructure in place at our end, and we are trying to gain more entries in 
various export markets for these products. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
So one more. So the basic thing is the high-end product, the market size is also increasing at a 
better pace than the conventional conductor and that should, and how difficult is it to copy 
those products or let’s say, there are industries where we say that in three to five years other 
people are able to copy and get into those businesses. So what would be your thought 
process in the products where you are, how large is the leeway for you or the time frame 
where you need to capitalize on whatever investments we have done. And is the innovation 
still happening on more products on those sides, can you elaborate on that thing and what 
can be those innovations and where would we be in the whole cycle of innovation, if we want 
to upgrade ourselves? 
Kushal Desai:  
Sure. So in terms of the innovation part, if we can address that first, basically, because in the 
high-efficiency conductors, there is a fair amount of work already happened in the last few 
years. We have already done that work in terms of the various special alloys which are 
required to manufacture and also got up the learning curve in terms of the stringing abilities. 
So my sense is that they won’t be that easy for even in five years down the road for the bulk 
of the producers in India to try to copy the same thing because it needs a totally differe nt 
mindset and also a large amount of CAPEX. In conductor business, we have incurred maybe 
Rs.350 odd crores already the last few years, which most of the companies in India may not 
have the where with this to be able to do that. We are still struggling within the conventional 

 
Page 15 of 23 
conductors itself to try to make the transition to get entry into the export markets, leave aside 
all these other type of specialty products. 
So the innovation will be happening more in terms of solving ground reality problems in terms 
of how the stinging technology can be improved and the speed of implementing the projects 
can be done. So our focus is on that because we see that there are various different 
opportunities in India requiring different terrains and different challenges on how to resolve 
those issues. So we are working more in those lines in the innovation front. And it’s like even 
if others are trying to copy the product, but if they don’t give the solution as a whole, then 
again the utilities may not be interested to buy from them because no more that like in the 
old days power grid used to buy the conductor separately, it was a commoditized kind of 
product and simply give it to a EPC party to do the stringing of the conductor. Now for the 
HEC or the OPGW and other such products the client is looking for the entire solution, end-to-
end. So if the other conductor people are not yet geared up, I don’t think in five years’ time, 
they will be able to also manage this because we started off maybe 10 years ago in our R&D 
and then slowly got a few pilot projects and then progress from there. So my sense is that it 
will be difficult for others, even in 5 years down the road, to kind of replicate what we have 
done, besides not having the financial ability to put in that kind of CAPEX. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And this business would be growing at what rate or the market size would be growing at what 
rate globally? 
Kushal Desai:  
So the high-efficiency conductors, they have a low base relative to conventional conductors 
because the use is more on re-conductoring the whole lines currently and in some places 
where the planners of the infrastructure have realized that they will not have the scope to put 
up additional lines, then upfront they are putting up the new lines also with these type of 
conductors. So generally, although I don’t have the exact number but generally, we are seeing 
that this growth is in upwards of 20% per annum globally, what we are seeing. And in India 
and around India also, we are seeing that there is a good off take now for these various type 
of products. The railways, which is another segment, there also, government has a fair 
amount of plans to replace some of the diesel locomotive system with the electric-driven one. 
So they have to electrify the whole system. So a lot of new tracks are being put in place, plus 
the old tracks are getting substituted so that they can be run on electric system. So here 
again, we are seeing, there was a quantum jump about couple of years ago. But in times to 
come also, we see a growth of about 5% to 10%, at least, that will happen. 
There are certain bottlenecks we see on the ground in terms of the EPC on the railway 
implementation side. But here, again, a lot of the traditional transmission EPC companies 
have now geared into the, ventured into the railway segment and with the entry of all these 
big parties, there will be a lot of more speed of implementation on the railway side also, in 
times to come. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And in terms of competition, would Chinese be major competitors to us and will it help us 
means when you stated in your opening remarks that there is or our people are looking at 
moving out of China also diversifying the base. So in those products how is the competition 

 
Page 16 of 23 
mainly from, is it Europe and American companies or it is Chinese players are also there in the 
high conductors space? 
Kushal Desai:  
There are one or two companies which are from China. But again, in certain geographies, we 
are seeing that the preference is not to buy so much from China or at least to reduce the ir 
dependence. So accordingly, we are seeing that now we have been getting more reception 
from some of these countries to approve our product. And accordingly, we may have a better 
chance than we had earlier. Having said that the Chinese governments in the past had signed 
up a lot of the foreign trade agreements with some of the countries. So they had certain 
benefits over Indian exporters because of the tax advantage, but that is not a very large 
number of such cases. And even here, now with the COVID situation and certain trade war 
type of situation, we see that Indian exporters such as ourselves may have a better chance 
than we had in the past to compete with them in those so-called countries where they had a 
benefit over us. 
Kushal Desai: 
In Australia, for example the Chinese have a 5% benefit, 4% benefit. So that’s something that 
will come, is likely to come under review now, given the fact that two countries relationships 
have been a bit strained, starting out with COVID. So these sort of things are there. It takes a 
little time for some of these actions to happen, but it’s moving in a certain direction. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. One last question from my side, one last question. On the transformer oil, again, where 
we are the fourth largest player globally and the overall oil business also, what are the 
opportunities you are looking for improving the margins business, and again it’s a much more 
diversified product. Are there niches where we can enter or get a better margin, difficult to 
copy business? 
Kushal  Desai: 
We already have, the upper end of the spectrum which is the ultra -high, the EHV and UHV, 
which is ultra-high voltage transformers. We have a very strong presence in that segment, 
both in India and we are also exporting the product elsewhere. It’s the transformer goes into 
the distribution and smaller transformers, which is under usually much more pricing pressure. 
So we already, we have covered the entire spectrum on the transformer oil side. The 
transformer oil business will continue to grow as more and more of the new electrification 
infrastructure comes up, not only from renewables, but even later on if, you have electric cars 
and electric buses and things. The moment you need to have an electric charging point, you 
need to have a transformer in the back-end to be able to handle the power coming into the 
installation. So, from that standpoint, that’s the reason why we mentioned that all our 
product lines, we don’t see any impact from the COVID period. And generally, the trend is for 
power infrastructure to grow. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. So my question was also on we are in rubber chemicals and industrial oils, rubber oils 
and industrial oils. So is there anything we are doing on those products also or how are you 
looking on demand for those products and what would be the revenue contribution from else 
than transformer oil? 
Kushal Desai:  
The transformer oil, Mr. Diwadkar it’s 43%, right? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
40% is transformer oil. Rubber process oil is about 8%. 

 
Page 17 of 23 
Kushal Desai:  
So transitioned to about 40 odd percent for transformer oil and the rest of it comes from the 
remaining basket. 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
And industrial and auto is 23%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pawan Nahar an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Pawan Nahar: 
I’m just left with one question. If you can elaborate about the opportunity in specialty rods 
and what exactly is that, I have missed this particular one? 
Kushal Desai:  
Yes. In specialty rods, there is one component which is called the mechanical alloys, which 
goes not in the electrical industry but in other than the electrical industry, which is part of the 
5000 series of aluminum, which is the alloy of aluminum, along with certain other type of 
components. So this is one type of specialty rods. Another type of specialty rod is going as a 
replacement of copper in some of the house wires. Although in India, it’s not picked up, but in 
a lot of other foreign countries, the utilities there and the authorities there have allowed 
flexible aluminum alloys to replace the copper. So this is a very big market, and this is another 
example of what we have started doing in terms of specialty rods. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naveen Agarwal an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
This is Pravin and not Naveen. But my question is, in the last few years we have introduced all 
these products which keep us different than the competition. But somehow, this pale level of 
technical, whatever we have done on the technical side has not kind of, has materialized in 
terms of the bottom line. Our top line has grown tremendously well over the years. It’s 
something we have not been able to capture the same opportunity in the bottom l ine. So is 
there a thought process where we want to focus on how to get our return ratios up and going 
forward, is there a thought around that? 
Kushal Desai: 
So actually, some of this had, if you see the biggest component that has been actually 
dragging profitability has been the cost of interest. And we had two parts to it. One is a whole 
lot of investment has already gone into the business. So as the utilizations of all these projects 
is increasing, you will find that then the interest cost as a component will fall. Secondly, in the 
last two years, there’s been an expansion in terms of the amount of days outstanding from 
various EPC customers, from utilities, et cetera. So we’ve been taking a number of actions to 
actually curtail that and in fact, part of the reason for coming up with these new product lines 
are that they address. The competition level is a bit lower and in some cases you end up 
having better payment cycles, like in the case of the railways, the rod business, et cetera. We 
personally feel that as we get out into the years and the utilization increases, also the interest 
rate regime is becoming a bit more benign. So we’ve seen just in the last six months LIBOR-
based interest falling by about 1% and domestic interest falling by about 1.6%. So as you find 
and we are also now looking at much more fiscal discipline in terms of extending credit to 
customers. We no longer want to be a secondary bank to them. So, even if our volumes fall on 
some of our conventional and lower-margin product lines, we would prefer that and make 
sure that the fiscals are in order. So with a higher emphasis on return on equity and return on 

 
Page 18 of 23 
capital employed, you will start seeing the profitability improving. You can already see that 
actually in the case of the conductor business, the EBITDA per metric tonne had improved, if 
you exclude what has happened in the last quarter. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
So that’s great to hear. So one other thing since we are kind of pivoting towards more exports. 
And, I would imagine that whatever issues we face internally in our power sector in our 
country will not be anything remotely similar in those countries. So what would be the 
payment cycle, say in all our three different verticals in exports, say vis-à-vis domestic, say in 
the transformer oil segment, if we kind of five, six months would if you were to export, I 
would imagine it would be much, much shorter. So what would the ratio across this? 
Kushal Desai:  
So the oil exports where the transformer oil is generally between 60 and 75 days and the 
white oils and other products are all 60 days and below. The main thing is that the interest 
rates are a lot less. You’re talking about funding, as Chaitanya had mentioned earlier, in the 
sub 3% level that you can fund the cycle. It’s also much easier to discount documents and the 
cost of discounting documents or forfeiting the documents for overseas projects is a lot lower 
than domestic. So the overall component, so one aspect is number of days. But the second 
one is the amount of finance cost as a percentage of the gross margin that you generate. So 
that in the export business is lower. So as you move into FY ‘21, ‘22, et cetera, you will find 
the interest component falling both not only for the interest rate but also because of the 
structure and nature of export versus domestic. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Parikh from Vibrant Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Lalaram Singh: 
This is Lalaram. My question is on the cable side, what is the like a long-term vision where we 
want to take this business, if you look at the larger picture? 
Kushal Desai:  
So on the cable side, we’ve been focusing on two aspects. One is on specialty cables, and 
that’s where we come into cables, which are for coaches, locomotives, the solar wiring. We 
also want to move towards more and more products that we are not just supplying a cable 
but we’re also supplying a system. So the harness actually takes the cable and supply a wired 
system in place. So we started harness for the railways. We started harness for the windmill 
manufacturers. We started harness even for the locomotives. So that’s clearly another 
direction that we are pushing the cable business into. The third aspect is that renewables also 
require special cable. So in India, it’s largely solar, but when you go outside India, particularly 
into the western world where you don’t have so many days of sunshine, wind is a very big 
component. So we have been focusing on producing cables for the wind mills. Previously, we 
started only with Suzlon but now we supply Gamesa, we’ve got approval from Vestas, we 
heard from Nordex from a whole lot of overseas players. So the nonconventional energy side 
is another area of focus. So one is the harness and the other one is nonconventional energy 
and specialty products. 
The third area which had been asked in one of the questions previously is MVCC. So looking at 
cables which have, bring about a higher level of safety. So these are the areas, if you get into 
just conventional power cables, there are a lot of producers around the world. There are 
(+300) producers in India. So it’s a mass game, so ultimately we need to keep moving into 

 
Page 19 of 23 
cables where there is a technology aspect or a design aspect involved. The same thing as 
what we are trying to do on the conductor side. All which we have put in the recent years has 
a very high degree of fungibility. So even though you incur an initially higher CAPEX, it allows 
you to manufacture multiple types of product. So you see that benefit will show up as the 
product mix starts changing over the years, the CAPEX is already done. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Understood. And when you say that there is some kind of client withdrawal from China and 
towards India. This would be for which product types? 
Kushal Desai:  
So it’s actually pretty much across the, in the case of conductors the Chinese really compete 
on the conventional conductor side. We’ve not really seen them competing globally on HTLS 
and these sort of product lines. On the cable side, they are very active on power cables as 
well as the solar cables. 
Lalaram Singh: 
The Chinese one? 
Kushal Desai:  
Yes. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Okay. So, solar could be a big opportunity where we could replace them. That’s what you 
mean to say? 
Kushal Desai:  
Yes, absolutely. We’ve already been bidding on various projects all over the world. And over 
the next several months, you will start seeing some of that business coming through. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Got it. And one of the things that you just mentioned around in your business economics, 
wherein you said that in the last, when you compare your finance cost, discounting costs in 
your gross profit, that has been something which has taken a lot of the profits away. So, I 
understand that you are trying to bring that down. But do you think that the overall interest 
rates themselves remaining low, which is actually not a function which is not something which 
we can control. Is the only way we could sort of improve the profitability or is there a 
structural way wherein the way we do the business itself can help that and make it more 
sustainable? 
Chaitanya Desai:  
One is that, as we discussed we have put up a fair amount of CAPEX for new products. So as 
they ramp up, automatically the revenues will go up but not proportionately the interest cost. 
So that is the main driver for us which will relatively bring down the cost of interest per tonne 
of product. 
Kushal Desai:  
Also, we’ve had extended number of days, the whole distribution and the whole Indian power 
scene has had a very bad credit situation in the last two years. We’ve been coming to grips 
with that, we’ve cleaned up a whole lot of old collections and things, including during this 
pandemic period, et cetera. So structurally, fiscal discipline is something that we are putting in 
place and we have been focusing now. We’ve already incurred all the CAPEX not interested in 
just growing capacity and growing the top line. The focus is more on concentrating on the 
product mix and the geographic mix that we get after. The interest rate being lower is 
something that obviously is going to benefit. Also, as you move towards a higher component 
of export that structurally itself is lower interest. So whether the interest rates are higher or 
lower, there is a gap of almost 4% to 5% in the interest component of domestic business 
versus export business. And the number of days on both of them are approximately the same. 

 
Page 20 of 23 
In one case, the receivables are a little lower and the execution cycle is a little longer in the 
case of exports. Structurally, you end up having a much lower funding cost. You will see that 
over the next couple of quarters, the interest burden will definitely in FY ‘21, FY ‘22 seems to 
be also pretty similar, interest components will start coming down. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Got it. And one final question is, is 100% of our business purely B2B or is there an element of 
a distribution-led sales? 
Kushal Desai:  
So we have a, as part of our automotive business, we have a B2C component where we do 
distribution of automotive oils across the spectrum and we have a small component which we 
have started growing of building wires. So right now, the building wire sale is small. We’re 
doing approximately Rs.60 crores a year. But that’s slowly growing, last year we did Rs.20 
crores. This year, we will do Rs.60 crores and the target is to try to grow that part of the 
business. So the B2C component, there is a B2C component but it’s right now quite small 
relative to the total turnover of the company. Though, it’s an area where it’s profitable and we 
are independently trying to grow that. 
Lalaram Singh: 
But do you think Apar as a whole as a group has historically been, has been a B2B primarily. 
So to build that B2C, are we sort of relying on internal talent, or is there a strategy which you 
have outlined? 
Kushal Desai:  
We have hired people who are from that line of business. The automotive side we’ve been in 
it now for the last 10 years and we’ve been growing the retail side of the business and we are 
accessing over 10,000 mechanics today. And that part of the business has been growing year-
on-year. On the building wire side, we really launched that only two years ago. And, so there 
is a separate team that’s focused on it. It’s not their existing manpower and staff is being 
deployed, a new team has been put in place that comes from that background. 
Lalaram Singh: 
And what is the brand, is it Apar or is it called the B2C brand? 
Kushal Desai: 
So in the case of automotive, we actually have, we distribute the ENI brand, under the brand 
and license agreement with ENI of Italy. We also have our own brand, which is PowerOil, 
which we do in the automotive segment. And as far as the building wires is concerned, we are 
basically selling building wires, which are made out of this electron beam process and it goes 
under the brand of Apar Anushakti. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Okay. So any numbers on how many distributors you have, dealers or any numbers on that 
side for cables particularly? 
Kushal Desai:  
So for the building wire, so it’s only two years old. So we’re starting to build up the process. 
But in terms of primary distributors, we have about 70 primary distributors today. And we 
started distributing the product in five states. We don’t intend to increase the number of 
states as much as now focus on more deeper distribution in these states. So we do Gujarat, 
Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala at this point. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Got it. And with the entire new theme of electric vehicles and maybe charging stations and 
all, is there an opportunity for Apar to be involved in this new area, or any thoughts on that? 

 
Page 21 of 23 
Kushal Desai:  
So at this stage, we would like to focus only on supplying the infrastructure and the gear that 
go into that, particularly in terms of various types of wires, oils, et cetera. So there are 
different requirements which are likely to come up. See, this whole area is in a very, very early 
stage. So the product profile itself will change over a period of time. But, so we are in touch 
with all the key players in this. So as it develops, we will make sure that we have our relevant 
products which fit into that gamut of things. We’ve also developed an entire set of wiring and 
harness for electric buses. So we should be receiving our first set of orders for electric bus 
from JBM, which is one of the primary companies that’s building all-electric buses for the 
state transport. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Got it. So this is separate from your railway harnessing, right? 
Kushal Desai:  
Yes. It’s separate from that, you build all the wires which go into an all-electric bus. 
Lalaram Singh: 
So I believe that Motherson Sumi is the leader in harnessing for automotive, passenger 
vehicles. Is it similar to that, what it can do and say railways and buses or they’re not 
comparable? 
Kushal Desai:  
Similar sort of harness. It’s a complete frame, it’s a full frame that goes with the connectors so 
that then instead of doing the wiring by the railway, by the coach manufacturer or the 
locomotive manufacturers, we just fit their leads into the connectors which are there. 
Lalaram Singh: 
But based on my limited understanding, what I understand is that, this is generally a very high 
entry barrier business and the OEMs rarely switch suppliers here. So, I don’t know if I’m 
wrong here, but any insights on how we have been able to enter these segments, we replace 
existing suppliers or it’s just a new area opportunity which has come, can you just throw some 
light there? 
Kushal Desai:  
So we are not competing with Motherson Sumi because they focus mostly on the mobility, on 
the transportation, meaning the automotive side. Our focus has been on locomotives, so all 
the harnesses that we build are for windmills, solar panels, your railway coache s, railway 
locomotives. And now we are building these electric wires for the electric buses. 
Lalaram Singh:  
Got it. So this should flow in say, in a year’s time? 
Kushal Desai:  
We don’t intend to compete with Motherson Sumi or Tata Yazaki. In fact, they will become 
our customers as we are actually trying to build e-beam wires for automotive. We’ve already 
got the product ready. We’ve already gone and got approvals from ARAI and we are now 
actively marketing those wires with all the players. So our customer will be a harness 
manufacturer who in turn will then supply to Tata, Mahindra, Suzuki or one of these. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pravin Agarwal an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
One question. In the last conference call, you mentioned something about the prototype 
which we did for the defense, is there an update on it? 
Kushal Desai:  
We are building a lot of prototypes for them because under this Atmanirbhar projects which 
are now running. So we built a whole lot of prototype. So, I don’t know specifically which one 

 
Page 22 of 23 
you’re referring to. But, I can only mention that not only a number of prototypes are being 
built, but there is serious testing going on of these also. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
So, the one I’m referring that there was one which you said that during lockdown, the 
government or the defense came back, which you did some few years ago and they now came 
back showing interest that they need? 
Kushal Desai:  
Yes. We got an order for some tether cables for about 75, 80 lakhs. So they are actually, so 
there are small, small orders that started coming in. But there’s a lot of development work 
still going on in that space, where there’s either import substitution, most of it is import 
substitution. And some of it is actually import substitution but with a different design because 
most of the foreign suppliers want us to supply the standard product which they have, 
whereas the Indian armed forces have their own ideas in terms of improving on properties of 
some of those. So we’ve been working with them on that aspect. So the amount of supply 
which we are having to the defense in general has been growing. So this year, we will do 
approximately Rs.70 odd crores of revenues which will go into the defense. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
And this is across Army, Navy and Air Force? 
Kushal Desai:  
This is for the Indian Navy. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
Okay. And how do they, what is the scope here, is it 10 to 20 times the overall scope, while 
eventually products do get approved and more and more products. What is the scope of the 
kind of products we make in terms of what we’re looking to do with this? 
Kushal Desai:  
It is very difficult to actually define what the market sizes on this because the moment you 
start dealing with any of the defense organizations, they are quite cagey in terms of the total 
quantity. They always lowball the number of installations that will be there. But what we’ve 
seen over the years is that you build 10 products and two of them are successful and when 
they’re successful, they are very profitable. So it’s very difficult to hazard what the market size 
is going to be like, because this whole process is picking up steam in recent times, where 
there is a pressure that is being built that India needs to just have much more sustainability or 
much higher local content in all the defense related products. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
That’s great to hear. And all the products the entire Rs.70 crores of defense, would you 
classify all of it as import substitution? 
Kushal Desai:  
Yes, 100% because the original products have all come in from either Russia or France in 
things like in the ships and the submarines and things like that. So they are actually an import 
substitute, and in many cases, it’s an import substitute with a design change. To suit whatever 
the operating conditions that our armed forces are now wanting to adopt. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
And at what growth rate is this business is growing. I know it’s still a small piece, but at what 
growth rate this business is growing? 
Kushal Desai:  
That’s what I said it’s difficult. it’s grown quite substantially, three years ago we were doing 
hardly Rs.15 crores. This year, we will do Rs.70 crores. So it’s grown, but what exactly that 
trajectory will be is not clear because there are so many variables in this in terms of finally, 
how much is the allocation to defense, where the priority is in terms of what equipment’s 

 
Page 23 of 23 
they want to make, et cetera. So it’s difficult to lay your fingers on how much it’s going to be. 
But since we already have all the infrastructure to produce these sort of specialty cables, 
anything that comes by is a positive for us. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Manish Parikh from Vibrant Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manish Parikh: 
Sir, based on the low CAPEX going forward, so can you give us some guidance on how much 
debt reduction can happen this year and maybe…….. 
Kushal Desai: 
Sorry, your voice got cut off a bit, can you repeat, please. 
Moderator:  
Sir, the current participant got disconnected. Sir, we have no questions in the queue. Over to 
you  sir for closing comments. 
Kushal Desai:  
Yes. So thank you, everyone for being on the call and patiently hearing our commentary and 
through the Q&A. We believe that in Q3 and Q4 things should improve. Q2, of course, will be 
better than Q1. And as we’ve discussed through the Q&A, there are plenty of opportunities 
that exist for us in terms of the new product lines that we’ve introduced as well as in the 
export markets which we are pursuing. So we do see a lot of opportuniti es even post the 
COVID environment and the company is reasonably focused on taking advantage of them. 
Thank you very much and I wish that all of you stay in good health and remain safe. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
