 
 
September 04, 2020 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
The Department of Corporate Services 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,   
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539450 
 
 
 
     
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
 
Sub: Submission of transcript of conference call under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
are enclosing the transcript of Q1 FY 21 earnings conference call for investors and analysts organized by the 
Company on Thursday, August 13, 2020 at 02:00 PM IST. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
  
 
 
Deepti Chandratre 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
S H Kelkar & Co Ltd. 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Conference Call 
August 13, 2020 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S H Kelkar and Company 
Limited’s Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Anoop Poojari  
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on S H Kelkar 
and Company Limited’s Q1 FY21 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. 
Kedar Vaze – Whole-time Director and Group CEO; Mr. B. Ramkrishnan – (Head) 
Strategy and Mr. Shrikant Mate – VP and Group CFO of the Company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum open for a question and answer session. Before we start, I 
would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be forward 
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Kedar to make his opening remarks. 
 Kedar Vaze  
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on our earnings conference 
call to discuss the operating and financial results for the quarter ended June 30th , 
2020. I hope and wish that all of you and your families are keeping safe and healthy 
amidst the current crisis.  
The quarter gone by started amidst an unpredictable operating environment. The 
spread of the COVID19 pandemic and the resultant lockdowns in the country 
caused overall disruption in our manufacturing and business activities, particularly 
in the months of April and May, 2020. In addition, similar lockdowns and 
restrictions across the international markets also impacted demand and sales for 
major part of the quarter. However, as lockdown restrictions across domestic and 
international market eased, we witnessed an encouraging demand pick-up, roughly 
around the last week of May, 2020 and continued into the month of June, 2020.  
On a consolidated basis, our revenue from operations stood at Rs. 191.4 crore in 
Q1 FY21. In these extraordinary times, we undertook concerted efforts to maintain 
a strong financial and operating discipline that enabled us to seamlessly support 
business commitments despite the operating constraints. This, along with the 
stabilized raw material environment, enabled us to report normalized gross margins 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
at approximately 44%. EBITDA margins also improved to 18% during the quarter. 
Reported PAT stood at Rs. 14.8 crore with PAT margin at 8%. 
On segmental basis, the Fragrance and Flavor segment reported de-growth 
primarily owing to disruptions in the first month, both in domestic as well as the 
international market. Fragrance segment, however, witnessed strong traction in 
demand from the last week of May, 2020 continuing into the month of June, 2020. 
This resulted in a better-than-anticipated performance during the quarter. 
On the operational front, I’m pleased to share with you that we have concluded the 
acquisition of the remaining 49% equity stake in Creative Flavors and Fragrances 
SpA in July, 2020. The acquisition is value accretive and synergistic business 
opportunity for us to expand presence into newer markets in Europe and also 
expand our portfolio within the high-growth categories of Fine Fragrances, Air Care 
and Fabric Care segments. Furthermore, through this acquisition, we will continue 
to broaden our product offerings by cross-selling solutions and sharing R&D and 
knowledge base to create and launch innovative products in global markets. CFF 
continues to report healthy results despite the challenging operating environment. 
During the January to June, 2020 period, revenues from the core Fragrance 
segment stood at Rs. 71 crore with gross margins of 55%. PAT margins remained 
stable and we expect it to improve going forward. 
From a balance sheet perspective as on 30th June, 2020, cash from operations 
stood strong at Rs. 61.5 crore which enabled us to further reduce our net debt as 
on 30th June, 2020 to Rs. 246 crore as compared to Rs. 299 crore as on March 
31st, 2020. Following the payment of the second and final tranche for the 
completing of CFF acquisition of roughly Rs. 126 crore, the consolidated debt 
levels will increase. However, these would be peak debt levels for the company 
and given the cash generation anticipated in FY21, we are confident that the net 
debt by the end of the fiscal would be at similar levels to the last year. Furthermore, 
as we have no major CAPEX plans for the next few years, we should generate 
strong free cash flows going forward.  
As we look ahead, we are hopeful that the demand scenario across the country will 
stabilize. In the month of June and July, 2020, we have seen strong uptick in 
enquiries and leads across domestic and international markets. In the domestic 
FMCG industry as well, there are positive signs that a recovery should strengthen 
from hereon. Our engagements with our customer base continue to be solid and 
our wallet share across accounts has remained stable. In addition, we bagged new 
wins during this period under review which is consistent with our new wins track in 
the last few quarters. We are constantly monitoring the macro situation and 
accordingly, undertaking all measures to plan operations, safeguard customer 
interest to the best extent possible. 
On the whole, we are confident of our growth potential and opportunities across the 
domestic FMCG space as well as in the international markets over the medium to 
longer term. We believe that once the macro situation normalizes, we should be 
able to deliver healthy growth going forward. 
With this, I now request the moderator to open the forum for any question or 
suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. We have a first question from the line of Sajal Kapoor from 
Unseen Risk Advisors. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Kedar, in the investor presentation, it says that the focus is towards making a 
sustainable improvement in the return ratios going forward. Now, around the IPO 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
time in FY16, our ROCE was around 20%. Is that more like an aspirational number 
we could aim to look at over the medium term? 
Kedar Vaze: 
If you look at the business, our investments are primarily future growth-based, 
more particularly in R&D. So our aspiration is to restore the business to the plus 
20% ROCE levels and around the 20% EBITDA margin levels. 
Sajal Kapoor:  
And secondly, given the fact that our business is relatively inelastic with a stable 
and predictable cash flows and balance sheet is getting back to good health now, 
what could be our capital allocation strategy going forward? And what is the debt 
repayment schedule like, so if you could just shed some light on capital allocation 
and our debt repayment schedule going forward? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Given the uncertain macro-environment, we are very conservative in terms of 
capital allocation. We are basically operating our current business. And what we 
have undertaken, we have basically completed with the acquisition of CFF. There 
are no immediate plans for any major CAPEX or expansion around the current 
macro-situation. On cash flow and debt levels, as we have indicated before, we are 
now at the maximum level of debt that we would be in the annual cycle. At the end 
of March, 2021, we should be back to the same levels of debt as at the beginning 
of the year. We plan to roughly bring in Rs. 140 crore of cash flow this year. 
Sajal Kapoor:  
Do we aim to keep the cash on the balance sheet or go for some sort of enhanced 
dividends or buyback? I mean, what's the sort of larger strategy around the cash 
flow utilization? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we will use the cash flow to bring down debt and we will also keep in line with 
our distribution policy of roughly between 30% and 40% of the profits of the year to 
be paid out to the shareholders. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
So keeping the COVID thing aside, what are the key risks that we need to watch 
out for in a more normalized operating environment for a business like ours? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Given the couple of years of uncertainty and low growth environment, we have 
taken quite aggressive steps to manage our costs, particularly fixed costs, 
converting some of the cost to much more variable form. This allows us to be very 
nimble, allows us to focus on business opportunities with a focused team and 
dedicated approach. 
So from that angle, we have de-risked ourselves from such events in the future. So 
if it is a macro event like the COVID, obviously, it will affect all business segments. 
But if there were particular challenges in one region, one category or segment, we 
are able to better realign our resources to opportunities that grow. This is the part 
that we have done.  
On the question of risk, we have de-risked our model to a large extent and our 
large risk is basically at what momentum and growth rate does the FMCG and the 
markets we are in actually grow in the next 2-3 years. So, we have now a more 
flexible approach. I think, the risk is still basically in reverse, if the market were to 
rebound and the growth were to come back in a very strong measure in these 
markets, then we may be a little bit caught out with our R&D preparation because 
we have substantially downsized our R&D in the last year and continued to focus 
on the slower growth trajectory that we expect. 
So the risk is if things start looking up and things go back much faster, then we 
may have some challenges to ramp up our development pipeline. But other than 
that, I don't see any major risk. 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Moderator:    
We have next question from the line of Alpesh Thacker from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. 
Alpesh Thacker:    
The first one would be the EBITDA margins improved in this quarter on account of 
better raw material pricing as you had suggested that it has already stabilized in 
the past two quarters. The second was the cost optimization measures that we 
have been taking for the last couple of quarters. Just want to understand how 
sustainable are these two measures going ahead into the future quarters as they 
stand today? 
Kedar Vaze: 
If you compare like-for-like this quarter versus last quarter, there is substantial 
reduction in the fixed cost, both the employee and other costs. This is, I would say, 
about roughly half which is long-term measures and half which is measures which 
are specific to the situation of this quarter. We have converted, as I mentioned 
earlier, some of our fixed costs into a variable format with our vendors and 
employees to have a more nimble and more focused approach to what is 
happening on the ground. So that has allowed us to bring down the costs for this 
quarter. So typically, if you say, employee cost, we have a reduction of Rs. 6.3 
crore versus last year. I would think almost half of that is sustainable, real 
advantage, real cost reduction and the remaining is specific to this quarter. 
Similarly, other expenses, we have brought down almost by Rs. 12 crore vis-à-vis 
similar quarter last year. But these are sort of semi-variable where fuel, power, 
these kind of things were not incurred, as our factories were almost closed for one 
month, almost Rs. 8 to 9 crore of what we otherwise call fixed costs are completely 
down to zero. Power and fuel and things like this, normally have a minimum 
charge. Fortunately we were able to keep it at  minimum levels when the factories 
were completely closed, I would estimate, I don't have the exact number because 
small parts of the factory were running, some of the costs are additional costs 
because of the COVID. But roughly, Rs. 8 to 9 crore of fixed costs were one-off 
costs savings in this quarter. I would say, put that together, roughly Rs. 10 crore of 
cost saving for this quarter are one-off and the balance are sustainable going 
forward. 
Alpesh Thacker:    
Second question is on the consolidation that we have done. I was looking at the 
gross margin for CFF. So, on a blended basis that the gross margins are lower 
than what our core business right now has. So do you see margin pressure going 
ahead on a blended basis for the company post consolidation which has 
happened? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So I'm not exactly sure which number you are referring to. Yes, in nature of 
business, there are two businesses. One is the Contract Manufacturing business, 
which is a low-margin business, maybe 5% ballpark, although it is not separately 
shown. And the other is the Core Fragrance business for which the gross margins 
are in excess of 50%. So, we are actually integrating the Core Fragrance business 
with our business. The Manufacturing Contracts with some of the large FMCG 
players is an approach towards being able to service that market. But that's not our 
main growth area, that’s in a way covers our operating overheads in context of 
CFF. 
Alpesh Thacker:    
Last question is on the Flavours business; so as far as I understand, that Flavors is 
more of an essential item. But at this time,de-growth in the Flavors business is 
more than the Fragrances business? And also, this segment has been facing a 
quite volatile growth level for last many quarters. So what’s the future outlook on 
this segment going ahead? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So while the Flavor business is much smaller and clearly, any incremental 
business gain or loss becomes a big percentage of the business. If you take  
Rs. 2 crore business gain or loss on a Rs. 100 crore base, the kind of percentage 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
volatility is much higher. But when you drill down to product-by-product, customer-
by-customer level, there has been consistent growth in the Flavors in double-digit 
plus. We have had one large citrus oil based business, which was roughly around 
Rs. 25 crore of revenue, which we had to exit ,. So, that had caused a big volatility 
in both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. So, if you take that out, our business 
has been fairly stable in the historical context. 
In the first quarter, we have a much higher de-growth on the Flavors. We have also 
a seasonality in Flavors in terms of products like beverages and ice cream and so 
on and so forth, which are more summer products, consumed during the mid year  
d typically from July- August,but the range is lower. And then it picks up again 
towards the winter season. So we have lost Rs. 5- 6 crore estimated ballpark due 
to the fact that we had a lockdown just in the middle of the summer period. So, that 
is a seasonality part which is more pronounced in the Flavors. In Fragrances, there 
is no real large season in our product portfolio. So we have a bit of seasonality but 
it's like plus or minus 2%. In Flavors, it is plus or minus 15% from a seasonality 
point of view. 
Moderator:    
 
We have next question from the line of Manish Jain from Gormal One LLP. 
Manish Jain: 
Kedar, I just needed insights on two questions. First is on working capital. For 
every Rs. 100 incremental sales, how much is the increase in your working capital 
broken up into inventory, debtors and creditors? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So on the working capital, our working capital is largely inventory. While you may 
see quarter-on-quarter end of the year position of debtor, creditor has substantially 
gone up and down in the last 2 years because of the GST and force majeure 
situation. On the longer term, our payable and receivable cycles are fairly well 
balanced. And the working capital is basically the net working capital which is 
largely equal to the inventory that we hold. I would think if 100 days of sales is our 
incremental inventory, then we need to still hold some minimum inventory of 
various ingredients, which is roughly Rs. 100 crore of inventory. So if I look at 
current basis, we are at roughly 160 days, because the revenue for this quarter has 
been lower. But on a normalized basis, we are at a 135 days of sale as a net 
working capital and incremental sale, our net working capital inventory requirement 
is around 100 days. So this 138 will start to come down about 10 days on everyRs. 
100 crore of growth. 
Manish Jain: 
 And the second question is, can you share insights on the level of digitization 
across the company across different functions? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So obviously, we are in a brick-and-mortar manufacturing side of the business, 
where the labs and the production require to connect with the products, so that is 
fully brick-and-motor in our factories and labs. From the rest of the processes, we 
are digitally enabled. I don't think we are or were anticipating any kind of major 
disruption,  like we have seen in the last few months. But we are enabled to 
operate in the new work-from-home and various kinds of initiatives around that. I 
think we are not probably cutting-edge as far as the digitalization as a theme. The 
major issue in terms of Fragrance and Flavor is that the product has to be 
experienced. So any product development in, for example, in music or art, you can 
digitalize the format versions, designs and send it across the world. In our case, 
that's not required. 
Manish Jain: 
And my last question was on customer and product concentration. So what would 
be the contribution of top 10 customers and top 10 products per year? 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Kedar Vaze: 
 
So the customer and product concentration has not changed substantially from    
where we were before. I think the top 10 customers account for around 25% of our 
revenue. And I can send out the exact details subsequently. 
Moderator:    
 
We have next question from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity Investments. 
Madhav Marda: 
My question basically was do you think you have scaled down the R&D spending. 
Just wanted to understand is that something which is sustainable or do you think 
that's the right approach, considering some of our global competition invests a lot in 
R&D or is it moved from a more fixed to a variable model, so that's how it should 
work now going ahead? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So the question has many aspects to it. Typically, we have a 2 to 2.5-year product 
development cycle. So what we are developing now will hit the market in 2-2.5 
years when we have to catch the trend of the market 2-3 years down the line. So, 
for that, we always need to do R&D spends a bit earlier than the market revenue or 
growth. Unfortunately, with the GST, demonetization in the last 2-3 years, the 
growth has been behind the curve in terms of new product launches in the market. 
So we have now enough prototypes and pipeline for the immediate 2-3 years of 
growth. We are not intending that we will have the R&D permanently at a standstill 
or reduction phase. Once the revenues start kicking up, we will proportionately start 
redeploying in R&D and future development. So at the moment, in the overall 
picture, we are R&D invested. So we have the prototype, we have the products; we 
have the library, everything pretty much ready for the next 2- 3 years of anticipated 
trends and business. To give you an idea, we have within the last quarter, 
substantial wins in sanitizer and other categories that came up as a result of 
COVID. And we were able to address them through the library of prototypes we 
had already created. So we know that our library is very robust. And what we have 
been developing in the last many years and particularly, in last 3-4 years, it's 
coming to us and we will be able to manage the market demand from that library 
and then add to it for improvements. 
The second question was in terms of global R&D and their spends. So, global 
company spends are much higher than our average spends. The spends are 
higher and if you look at the nature of business, they are also in much more 
premium products in terms of per capita spend markets like Europe and America. 
So their margins on some of these categories are also higher. So these are 
different market dynamics where you need to have a bit higher spending on R&D 
and product margins which are higher as a consequence. That's why as we look 
back in history, we were sort of spending 1% to 1.5% of our revenue in R&D. We 
have upped that to 3.5%- 4%, even 5% last year. And this is the phase where we 
are confident that we have enough R&D pipeline. We have the right resources and 
we deliver the same results with 3.5%-4% revenue to R&D than what the larger 
global companies are doing with 8% to 10% of their revenue as R&D. 
Madhav Marda: 
So if I go to last year in FY20, we spent about 5% of our sales on R&D. What does 
that number look like for the next 2 to 3 years, considering that we have enough 
liability available? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So we are targeting around 4% of sales as R&D expense as our light path for the 
next 2-3 years. So as we grow, we will put out more resources. It depends on the 
growth rates. 
Madhav Marda: 
So basically, 1% of our sales we are saving on the R&D cost for the next 2 to 3 
years. That's the way to think about it? 
Kedar Vaze: 
             That's right. 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Madhav Marda: 
The other question was in terms of the CFF acquisition, the gross margins looked 
quite healthy. But how was the EBITDA margins in that acquisition and how do you 
see the revenues and the margins shaping there for the next 2 or 3 years? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the CFF business has been well-managed and run. We have been participating 
in the management interactions over the last 2 years. We have been tracking the 
business and opportunities and also building some complementary products in 
India and in CFF. The overall scenario there is a very similar business to our 
business in India as a large market presence in the Italian market across the broad 
segment products in Fragrances. We see that it will continue to grow at a 6% plus 
CAGR in euro terms, and has demonstrated this over the last (+10) years. So we 
don't have any concern that it will continue to grow. 
Last year, we have also initiated and invested about €1.5 million of CAPEX in CFF, 
which is already executed. So we have additional capacity built there in line with 
our overall philosophy to have the capacity ahead of the anticipated growth. We 
have working systems in terms of product development and technical people to 
exchange the product concepts or product designs from CFF to rest of the Group. 
So we see that the both the businesses will benefit from this synergy. These 
products will be available in the emerging markets, where we can sell them. 
Likewise, some of our technologies and new molecules and high-end technologies, 
the market in India and emerging markets in Asia is not yet ready for them. We can 
use this to market in the European markets, where the market is already set up for 
capita spending on fragrances to absorb these technologies. 
Madhav Marda: 
My last question would be, basically, this year, like you mentioned in your press 
release as well that the market for Fine Fragrances might be a bit muted this year, 
but the sanitizers in turn should do better. I know it's a bit tricky to sort of answer 
this. But on the whole, do you think the weaker demand on fine fragrances, which, 
sir, can be compensated by the higher sanitizer demand or how would that play 
out? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So I don't think sanitizers alone, when I talk about sanitizers or new demand, it is 
everything related to COVID, which includes soaps, personal wash, fabric wash, 
immunity products. All of the sets of health and wellness products that demand has 
gone up. If you look at our overall basket  of these categories, the Personal Wash 
and Fabric Wash categories are roughly 40% of the sales and our Fine Fragrance 
is roughly 20% of the sales mix. So the Beauty and Fine Fragrances products will 
decline. The Personal Wash and Fabric Wash which we include also things like 
sanitizer and any kind of floor cleaning, dish washing, surface cleaning, lots of 
different things that have come up in a big way in terms of COVID. Those 
categories are growing. So overall, the product mix will be slightly different but we 
anticipate that there will be continued growth in the revenue line. On the margins 
front, as I mentioned earlier, we will see a roughly 1% or 2% gross margin erosion 
on the account of the product mix but we are also seeing a decline in some of the 
key raw materials which would allow us to improve our gross margin. So I'm still 
looking at the same gross margin level of roughly 43% for the full year. 
Madhav Marda: 
And overall, the EBITDA margin is basically, you sort of guided towards reaching 
20%. So how many years do you think we can get to that level? Is it like a 3- 5 year 
journey to get there? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are already at 18% in this quarter because it of exceptional cost measures. But 
if we did a full quarter with regular sales, we would be at 18%, effectively quarter-
on-quarter going forward. I mean, not taking this year into account because there's 
a lot of variability, FY21-22 onwards, we should be in a sustainable EBITDA of 
18%+. 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Moderator: 
             Our next question from the line of Ankit Pande from Quant Mutual Fund. 
Ankit Pande:  
My question is around some of our discussions that we've been having with our 
clients with MNCs and we have been hopeful of some conversions here. What has 
been the progress in these discussions and also, if you could highlight what has 
been the impact of the lockdown on our mid-sized and domestic clients, which form 
roughly about half of our revenue here? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The first quarter results were testimony that in the months of April, 2020, many of 
our smaller customers, our own operations were not fully functional. By June end, 
almost all customers have restarted. I would say, as we speak, the traction on the 
ground is that more and more customers are coming online and demand is starting 
to come back. It's uncertain time. So I don't want to commit on anything that 
happens going forward. But the current traction is there. Every week, things are 
slightly better than the previous week. I wouldn't say we are completely normal but 
things are improving.  
On the customer mix, the larger customer, the first question was on terms of the 
new products in the larger clients, MNCs and global accounts. So, some of those 
activities are also being affected by the lockdown because they are unable to 
conduct consumer tests, so they haven't taken up new products as part of their 
response to lockdown. They have reduced SKUs. They are focused on managing 
current supply chain. So many of the large projects, which are multi-quarter, multi-
year, kind of projects, work on that has been stalled in the first quarter. By and 
large, these projects have restarted and we are hopeful that in third quarter, people 
will be back in the normal new product launches and so on and so forth. The 
additional thing is that whilst the normal products, new launches have stalled, there 
has been a few of new products catering to the new COVID related trend and we 
have a large number of new wins across these categories. The pipeline of new 
wins is quite healthy and it continues in this quarter as well. 
Ankit Pande: 
So if I were to interpret it right. During the next quarter or two, maybe it will be a 
couple of quarters still to get back to the top line that we used to record before. But 
should we expect a good growth going forward? And I mean, I put this in context 
with the last 4 years or so, we have shown a deceleration in our top line. So what 
can we expect as investors, over a 3 year time horizon, as far as our top line 
growth is concerned? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are looking at a 11-month year in a way and we're trying to see if we can do 
atleast the turnover of last year and exceed that. Bottom line, because we had 
exceptional cost last year, will be quite different. But on the revenue and margin 
side, we can reach last year and we are on track for that. In terms of the growth 
thereafter, this roughly translates to 8% growth, if you convert the 11 months to 12 
months of execution. And we anticipate that the year after that onwards, we can 
factor roughly 12% growth on the current business. We will get additional growth 
from the CFF after the integration in the next quarter of this year. So we will 
present the CFF outlook after the integration and the first quarter of consolidation. 
But the non CFF business, we can factor in 12% CAGR growth, the year after this 
year, in FY21-22 onwards. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Sunidhi Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
You mentioned that in terms of CAPEX, we had done largely CAPEX across the 
board, and we may not be spending for the next couple of years. So given that the 
current capacities we have, here as well as CFF, what is the maximum revenue 
potential that we can have on based on maybe last year’s prices? 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Kedar Vaze: 
So if I look at the potential revenue, we have roughly 20% of our business, which is 
in terms of ingredient capacity, where we are at about 80% utilization. So there is 
limited scope for revenue increase there. And the other 80% of our business, which 
is the Rs. 1,000 crore business, we really have, basically, capacity to double up or 
even triple that business without any large CAPEX in the markets that we are 
currently operating. So the CAPEX would be necessary if our revenue growth were 
in new markets or in additional geographies where we don't have a plant. But in the 
current business context where we are operating in the current markets, we have 
capacity enough for doubling our revenue over the next 3- 4 years without any real 
production CAPEX. So we will have CAPEX largely in the nature of setting up R&D 
centers and things like that, the production CAPEX is by and large in place. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And the second question pertains to CFF. So if you've given the details about first 
half performance. So if we just calculate the consolidated gross margins, it comes 
at around 37% vis-à-vis are 44%. So is there any scope for further improvement 
and is there any risk on the contract manufacturing side of the CFF business and 
lastly, the cost of debt for the CFF acquisition? 
Kedar Vaze: 
On the CFF, we have basically two parts of the business. We have the core 
business, which is the fragrance manufacturing and development business like 
ours. And we have a manufacturing contract business, which is roughly half of the 
revenue. So the gross margin in total business is roughly 32%. But when you track 
to the core business, we have a gross margin in excess of 50%. And that's really 
the business that is growing. The manufacturing contract business is basically 
steady state that covers part of our overheads and operating costs. 
So that is helpful to manage the fixed cost to a very low level and/or cover the fixed 
cost to almost 100%. So that's the business model at CFF. We have one or two 
large manufacturing contracts which cover for the manufacturing overheads. And 
then our business of 16.5 million last year was the core business which had excess 
of 50% of gross margin. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Another question on that in terms of the contract manufacturing business, is there 
any risk and what would be the cost of debt for this Rs. 140 crore that we have 
further invested? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So the Rs. 140-odd crore, a bit little less than Rs. 140 crore but the debt that is 
raised for this acquisition is in euro terms. It's the borrowing rate close to around 
2% at this point. So I don't have exact number with me. It is linked to the Euribor 
floating rate but it should be around the 2% interest rate. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investments. 
Anuj Sharma: 
My question was on the Flavor segment. Now internationally, when we see global 
large players, the discussion between Fragrances and Flavors is marginal. In our 
case, it is significant. My question is, Rs. 120 crore  of flavor business given our 
age and experience is a very marginal number. So are there any structural 
challenges in our businesses and being a small player, we had multiple opportunity 
to scale up, so some thoughts into this? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So while Rs. 100 crore is quite a small number in relation to the Rs. 1,000 crore, I 
believe, at the Rs. 100 crore Flavor business, we will be in the top 5 or 6 flavor 
companies in the country. So it's not insignificant. It's a market share. It's not a 
dominant market share because we have started pretty late. We have come into 
the Flavor business only in the last 20 years as against almost 100 years in the 
fragrances. There is obviously catching-up time. I also see that the business of 
flavors and fragrances is of one nature, where it's almost 60%-70% of raw 
material,are same ,  same kind of product development, aroma and when we say 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
flavour in food, much of the flavor is smell. When you eat or taste an apple, the 
apple texture and taste is only 3 or 4 types of taste, like salty, bitter and so on and 
so forth, maybe 5 types or even 6 types. There is various number but it's a very 
small number of basic senses. And the majority difference between one type of fruit 
and another type of fruit or in other food is in the aroma and in the smell. So both 
flavor and fragrances are quite an allied business. It's a complete business. So in 
that sense, we think it's very much strategic and it continues to grow. And when we 
started flavors in '90s, prior to the '90s,the globalization of flavor market was even 
very low, kind of, I would say, margin or cost per kilo basis. So it was far more 
attractive for us to continue to grow in the fragrance business. But post 1995-96, 
the global flavors have started coming to the Indian market. And the flavor market, 
what I would say, is quality-driven rather than just price-driven. So in 1999, we 
started sale of our flavors. So we are basically 20-year-old as against 100-year-old 
for many of our competitors in Fragrance business. 
Anuj Sharma: 
And the second and last question, if I were to ask, , what is the key challenge? Is it 
that we don't have the products, or we don't have the customer access or could we 
just hire a prominent flavourist. 
Kedar Vaze: 
The Fragrance and Flavor business is very similar. We are a very sticky business. 
So Coca-Cola flavor is the same flavor for 120 years. There is no change 
whatsoever. So if you were the one who introduced the flavor, we would continue 
to grow with them as next 100 years. So the fact that we are in this business only 
for 15-20 years, we are building a set of brands and the kind of loyal annuity, kind 
of, every-year-repeat business. And it's not that this business or this industry is 
really about taking existing business market share, it's about building market share 
with new businesses. So it is a matter of time to build the market share. And to give 
you a perspective, our Flavor business was Rs. 1 crore in 1999. In 20 years, we 
have multiplied it by 100X. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Dhavan Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Dhavan Shah: 
So my question pertains to the working capital side and if I look at the working 
capital cycle which is somewhere around 45% odd of sales. So is there any scope 
of improvement over there? And if yes, then where can we see a reduction going 
forward and, what kind of, is our envisage in terms of the overall cash conversion 
cycle for the next 2 to 3 years? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So we are, if I don't count this quarter, given the sales numbers are quite different 
and not normal. So if you look at March ending as a full year basis, we ended with 
a working capital of around Rs. 500 crore and 138 days to sale. These 138 days 
effectively for incremental growth, we will need somewhere around 90 to 100 days 
of working capital in terms of inventory. And this 138 will progressively keep 
coming down approximately 8 to 10 days per year as the sales, so every 
incremental sale; we don't need 138 days of working capital. We will be depending 
on the business, anywhere between 60 and 100 days of additional working capital. 
So 100 days on a new incremental business is what we need as a working capital. 
Dhavan Shah: 
So going forward, this 138-odd days can reach to around 100 days in next 2 to 3 
years? 
Kedar Vaze: 
It will take longer than next 2 to 3 years. It will be roughly 7- 8 days of reduction per 
year or probably take 5-6 years to reach the 100 days’ level. 
Dhavan Shah: 
And what's our debt repayment program? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So we are now at approximately Rs. 380 crore of debt and we will repay Rs. 100 
crore odd of debt in this year. 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Dhavan Shah: 
And the CAPEX will not be significant, it will be a marginal CAPEX per year, going 
forward, right? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Around Rs. 20-30 crore odd? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Rs. 15-20 crore is the expected CAPEX. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Payal Lad from Progressive Shares. 
Payal Lad: 
I need few clarifications or explanations in terms of two questions. Number one 
being, there is a mention in the Annual Report that the company has earned a 
pretty good response in the domestic and the international front in terms of 
Ayurvedic products. So if you could help us quantify in terms of what possibly could 
be the opportunity that the company foresees? Who are the biggies or the large 
MNCs and the expected launch for the immunity booster? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So I think we had an investment in Ayurvedic extract as part of our next stage 
evolution. The industry is also moving in direction of Fragrance and 
Flavor+products i.e.value-added fragrances and value-added flavors. We had the 
extraction business as part of our flavors acquisition and we invested that into a 
plant in Vapi last year from a longer-term perspective. Given the current COVID 
situation, we have brought those Ayurvedic extracts and immunity products into the 
fast forward and into kind of a highlight. To that extent, we have very good 
response from our clients. Our business is starting to grow and ramp up. But I 
would just caution that we are starting on a very small base of Rs. 3 to 5 crore, so 
it’s a completely new side of the business but it's growing very fast.  
On your question on immunity booster level; we have immunity boosting fflavors, 
which have been tested against, and also known to improve immunity. Plus, we are 
specifically launching the immunity boosters for the online retail market-based on 
our Ayurvedic extracts. This will follow the Ayush guidelines formulation, so it’s a 
formulation guideline which we have taken from the Department of Ayush, 
Government of India. And we will be launching that shortly. 
Payal Lad: 
And secondly, in the last con-call, there was a mention that due to the lockdown 
imposition, the company had reported a revenue impact, roughly about Rs. 300 
million-odd, out of which Rs. 20 to 30 million you lost and the balance were 
deferred. So are there any deferments from the last quarter that have been 
accounted for the current one? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So in terms of deferral, it's a continuum. So let's say perfume was being purchased 
every month. So their orders of March went in April, April will go in May, May will go 
in June. So there is kind of a deferral but they will pick up the material in the next 
quarter or next month. 
Payal Lad: 
If you could quantify on those figures, is that possible? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So the entire Rs. 30 crore odd, which was pending, we have already sold roughly 
Rs. 20 crore out of that Rs. 30 crore. And by end of the year, we would have sold 
all of that. So only the clients or customers where they have not resumed their 
operations,  those quantities  are still lying with us. For the rest, the orders have 
been processed. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from Securities Investment 
Management. 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
I have two questions. One, you said that we have scaled down the R&D and we 
have a good pipeline for next 2-3 years. And as we scale up the revenue, we see 
the revenue growth will increase our investment behind R&D. But as I understand, 
in this space, the employee base or the people, the creators of the fragrance or the 
flavors are too limited. So would it be easy for us to get those people back or get 
those projects online as we see the revenue scale up happening or would it be 
difficult for us? So can it cause a longer-term damage for us in terms of our future 
pipeline, just wanted to understand here. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, it's a very good question. The reason for the ramp-up and ramp down of the 
R&D is basically people training and deployment. So it's not something that is start 
and stop or close and start like machinery. But it's not that we are closing and then 
re-starting. We just scaled down our numbers. So if we were training 10 people, we 
will train 8 people and likewise. So over a period of time, the cost and the numbers 
come down. And it will take a period of time for us to scale it up. So it's a very valid 
question that can we ramp it up? It will take 6 months to 1 year to start to ramp it up 
as well. So it's not a process that is overnight. But we are anticipating that we will 
be in a slower growth environment for next 2-3 years and accordingly, we have 
taken these steps. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
This is a question like over the last 3 to 4 years, one of the reasons why we 
mentioned that our growth had been lower was because our dependence on the 
retail or the smaller bakeries, those was very high, which got impacted due to GST 
and demonetization? And my assumption is that with COVID, the impact would be 
much more. Do you think that the growth numbers which you just discussed of 8% 
and 12% for next year and year onward, do you build in those segments can 
continue to see de-growth and are they as substantial now as compared to 3 to 5 
years back? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So the smaller clients in the domestic market, which were contributing roughly 20% 
of our revenue have already come down to around 10% of our revenue in FY19-20. 
So the impact of any growth or de-growth on this segment is far out-weighed by the 
growth on the larger clients. And in the last 2 or 3 years, the large clients continued 
to grow and this year also, we've seen that we would be in double-digit growth in 
this segment. This year, being a challenging year and abnormal year, we will wait 
and see exactly what happens. But our percentage dependence on the smaller 
clients has reduced from 20% to 10%. 
Moderator: 
We have the last question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Sunidhi Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
I just wanted one clarification, where you said that we have exited the citrus oil-
based business, which impacted by Rs. 25 crore, so just wanted a little explanation 
on the same. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, citrus oil-based. This one is basically in Flavors. So there was business built 
around orange and citrus flavors, roughly to the extent of Rs. 25 crore revenue 
which we exited because that was very low-margin business. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
In terms of the wins, what is our general win ratio for brief? And how many 
competitors do we compete with when we are not competing in the FMCG groups 
particularly? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So between 2 to 4 competitors are present on every brief. That's the nature of the 
business. And we win more than one in three or one in four of our briefs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 

 Q1 FY21 Concall Transcript 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
So if you need any further clarifications, or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call. Stay safe. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of S H Kelkar and 
Company Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining with us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy 
