 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“GMM Pfaudler Investor Conference Call” 
 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARAK PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MS. MITTAL MEHTA – COMPANY SECRETARY, GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MR. THOMAS KEHL – CEO, PFAUDLER 
INTERNATIONAL 
MR. ALEXANDER PÖMPNER – CFO, PFAUDLER 
INTERNATIONAL 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the GMM Pfaudler’s Investor Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Diwakar Pingle from Christensen IR. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Thank you Janise. Good evening to all participants in this call. Before we proceed to the call let 
me remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may involve 
known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with 
our business risks that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
significantly from what is expressed, implied by such forward-looking statements. To discuss 
the recently concluded OFS transaction and answer your questions today, we have the top 
management of GMM Pfaudler, represented by Mr. Tarak Patel, Managing Director and Ms. 
Mittal Mehta, Company Secretary. We also have Mr. Thomas Kehl, CEO of Pfaudler 
International and Mr. Alexander Pömpner, CFO of Pfaudler International to talk about the 
international side of operations. We will start the call with a brief background related to the 
transaction and then open the floor for Q&A session. With that said I will now hand over the 
call to Tarak Patel. Over to you Tarak. 
Tarak Patel: 
Thank you Diwakar. Good afternoon everybody. I think most of you have seen a few of my 
interviews over the last couple of days on TV. We were never planning to have this investor call 
today but because of the misrepresentation of information out in the market, in the news channels 
and other mediums we decided that we should clarify and be transparent to our shareholders like 
we have always done in the past and we wanted to also clear the air in terms of certain rumors 
that have been floating in the market.  
So let me just start off briefly by giving you a brief about the OFS transaction. I will also touch 
on some other points and then maybe speak a little bit about the business outlook going forward 
and then I will open it up for Q&A. So let me talk about three important points about the OFS. 
I think it’s very important to understand who and why the promoters are selling. So, the 
promoters that have sold and have sold about 18% stake in DBAG, which is the private equity 
company which has owned Pfaudler Group since 2014, for the last 6 years. So as part of the 
larger transaction when we acquired the international business of the Pfaudler Group, there was 
definitely a monetization, a liquidity event for DBAG. As I mentioned earlier, there are financial 
investors, they want to see their returns and which was an opportunity for them to take some. 
Sorry everybody, my network is quite poor, so if I get logged off again just bear with us. So I 
was saying that DBAG sold 18% and we as a family also sold about 2%. These proceeds for the 
sale of the family 2% will be directly reinvested in the international business. The international 
business as you remember clearly was purchased for equity value of close to $50.4 million for a 
company that clocked about one $175 million of revenue. So all in all we got a very good deal 
for the Pfaudler International business and by ways of that DBAG monetized some of the 
additional funds from here in GMM Pfaudler. So again to reiterate, we are committed to 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
business, DBAG still will hold around 32%, we as a family will own about 22% and we are 
committed to the business and we are locked in for the next 3 years. So it will be no further 
dilution of shares, there will be no liquidity event. After the 3 year period is completed we will 
take a call on terms of what needs to be done. But I want to make it clear to you all that again 
please remember DBAG is a private equity company and they will look to monetize their stake 
after the 3 year period. When and how they do it that is something that is not decided today and 
we will take the decision when the time comes. From our standpoint also I want to make it clear 
to everybody that we as a family are a long term investor in the business, we have been part of 
GMM Pfaudler for the last 60 years and continue to be and will be a part of this company going 
forward. As we will also look to increase our stake, we do want to emerge as the dominant 
promoter. After a 3 year period we would like to increase our stake close to 30% and that is 
something that we will time the right mechanism to do that at that time.  
I also want here kind of bring in a few more points. Our company if you know was a very closely 
held company, many investors at many calls always asked me how do we bring in high-quality 
investors, how do we increase the free float, how do we bring more stability to the price in the 
market and being a privately owned—sorry not privately owned but the—bulk 75% being held 
by the promoters, it was not really an opportunity for many new investors a lot of visibility to 
come into this company. And that is one of the reasons that we have decided to bring in high-
quality investors to increase the free float to close to 45% and I have seen many people 
complaining about the price. But please understand for shareholders it’s still a notional loss while 
for me and my family it’s an actual loss, so us selling at this price is something that we were 
very careful about. We believe that the value is a fair value, there has to be price discovery when 
the stock is so closely held in a niche business, in the business that is not very was able to bring 
in very high quality investors it’s really like a re IPO for there is definitely price discovery that 
happens and I am very happy to share with you today that we have a very-very strong 
shareholders roster. Unfortunately, I cannot share the names with you but you will see that on 
the day of the Board meeting, the funds will be only more than 1% of the company or their needs 
will be there. We have about 3 or 4 top money managers from the US, we have a very strong 
institutional investor base here from India which includes the top 3 to 5 mutual funds as well 
and these people will not come in unless they have done all the diligence. They have checked 
on the governance, they checked on the business aspects, they have looked at every minor detail 
of the company and they found it good to invest in. And that’s something that we are very proud 
of and going forward there will be stability. These are long-term investors, they normally hold 
for 7 to 10 years, they give the management bandwidth, time and space to really work out and 
do and focus on the business. So from that standpoint again we have got in, we have increased 
free float and I think that is going to change the outlook of the company going forward. As the 
company has a journey, its lifecycle there has to come a time when we have to open it up for 
new investors to come in, really give it that international appeal, that focus where people will 
speak about it more, will know about it more and that will only happen when the public stake is 
a much larger amount. 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
From a pricing point of view, there has been a lot of backlash and again like I mentioned there 
is a price discovery. The price of our stock has seen significant improvement over the last few 
years and maybe in the last 3 to 4 months as well compared to the price one year ago. So as I 
was saying that when these new investors come in and the price that we have got is something 
that they believe that there will be significant upside, so if you are an existing shareholder I don’t 
see any reason why you need to change your outlook if you found this company valuable and 
attractive at 4000 or 5000 I don’t see why it should not be even more attractive at the current 
price. So from my standpoint and the way that we are priced and you have comfort of about 
1000 crores investment that has come in to the business, they all found it very attractive to invest 
at that price, so I feel no reason why this company should complain about it. 
Let me also spend a couple of minutes just talking a little bit about the SLB matter. I think that 
has something that has dragged our names, our company’s name into a very negative limelight, 
again I don’t know what I am expected to say about this. But nobody had pointed a finger at us 
over the last maybe 5 years since I have been MD and I think probably even a bit longer since 
my father, my grandfather have done this business. So we have always had the best interest of 
the business at heart. We always respect and want to be transferred into our minority 
shareholders and there is no reason why any of that should change now. So just from a logical 
standpoint when we have done the biggest transaction that we could do as a company when we 
bought out a global parent, when we are bringing in high-quality investors, the names that you 
will know in a few weeks’ time, it doesn’t make logical sense for anybody to take a risk on short 
term benefits which in the long-term will have more reward for people like us. So that’s 
something again that I want to just reiterate that our conscious is clear. We are willing to help 
any agency that would like to check or need information from us. We as a company are very 
conservative when it comes to governance. We actually closed our window on September 2nd, 
much-much longer than what is actually required and we do that every quarter as well. So just 
to reiterate and reassure investors from that standpoint there will never be a question mark, there 
will never be any kind of compromise from our side. 
Lastly let me also spend a couple of minutes, lots of questions around Indian company buying 
an international business, people have not done well. So again I would like to make a few points 
here; one of the reasons that we actually invested as a family is to show our commitment and 
belief because that was one question we believe would be asked quite often that why the Indian 
company was going out and buying an international player when they have not been very 
successful. So the idea here is to take some of the risk with us as well. We believe in the business, 
we know the Pfaudler Group for now 30 years. We know the DBAG team, Alex and Thomas 
who are on this call, for the last 5 years. We have a very clear idea, vision and what we want to 
do for this company, not only we want to be the world leader in glass-line and anti-corrosion 
space but we want to be more than that. We want to be the biggest name when it comes to 
chemical and pharmaceutical processing. We have DBAG and Thomas and its team as well, all 
aligned in terms of businesses. We know exactly what we need to do over next few years. We 
know what acquisitions, what new products, what new technology and there are lot of synergies 
that we can extract from joining hands.  

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
So one of the big synergy that I would like to just maybe I like the play is India has a much lower 
labor cost, so that entire arbitrage will come into India. We have already sold equipment into 
Italy but we are now looking at bringing a lot of the production of the metal fabrication here to 
India like we have done with our Swiss subsidiary. We also believe that the Pfaudler brand name 
is strong enough so that sourcing can come from India with a finer, finishing, testing glass lining 
can be done locally as well. There are a lot of new products that Pfaudler had acquired in the last 
few years. We are now in the process of localizing that and bringing that into the Indian market 
as well, so from that standpoint we believe that there are lot of growth opportunities for us here 
in India as well. 
Lastly there is definitely a cross-selling opportunity and if you have gone through our 
presentation which is on our websites you will see what these opportunities are and as we are 
happy to answer any questions.  
Just to give you some guidance in terms of numbers, so for GMM Pfaudler this entire financial 
year is going to be very strong. We started the year with a very strong performance in Q1. We 
aim to improve that. Our order backlog again has reached the highest it’s ever been. We are 
about a 1000 glass-lined equipment backlog, we have our Hyderabad facility that will come 
online in the next 5 to 7 days, so we have additional output going from there. We have two new 
gas furnaces which have already reached our factory and should be started in the next 2 or 3 
weeks. So we can timely switch-off our electric furnaces and all our production will come out 
of the gas furnaces now. So India is looking very strong, the order book for the entire year has 
been completed and we are now looking at booking orders for next year. Both the chemical and 
pharmaceutical sectors will continue to grow and we will be happy to ride on the back of those 
two industry segments. 
Pfaudler International also has done quite well. They also have a very strong backlog and over 
the next few quarters you will see a lot of improvements flowing into the GMM Pfaudler P&L. 
Just to clarify, every single rupee of the international business will flow into and consolidate into 
GMM Pfaudler. GMM Pfaudler currently is about a 600 crore company. We will go to a 2000 
crore company overnight on a full-year basis, so our guidance is 2000 crores at a 13% EBITDA 
margin for this year and then eventually going to 2800 crores with a 16% EBITDA margin by 
2024. This is still a conservative estimate. We believe that there are definitely synergies and 
when we add those synergies we can increase another 100 to 150 basis points to our EBITDA 
margin.  
So all in all obviously in spite of the last few days we are still very optimistic on the business. 
This is probably the last interaction that I will have with media or with investors so that the true 
numbers are out. My job now is to make sure that we perform and let the numbers do the talking 
and at the end of the day whatever happened has happened. There is nothing that I can change 
or control. So my now focus is to be back on the business and to make sure that we perform as 
per plan. With that let me open this up for Q&A and I will be happy to take any questions that 
you may have and if I need to bring in my colleagues in Germany as well, they will be happy to 
jump in as well. So thank you very much and open for Q&A. Over to you Diwakar. 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Namit Arora from Indgrowth Capital. 
Namit Arora: 
Could you talk us through the OFS mechanism and is it required you to specify the floor price 
and also what’s the professional advice you received from your advisors in terms of the thought 
process of the OFS specific price which you specify it? And my second question was in terms 
of your global acquisition, did you at that point also consider the entire acquisition could be done 
through the listed company and what were your considerations to come up with the hybrid 
structure over the acquisition partly is done through the listed company and partly by the 
promoter family? Thank you. 
Tarak Patel: 
Thanks Namit, a very good question. So yes in terms of the OFS, normally this is how OFS are 
structured. We followed the entire process as per SEBI and all the listing agreements as well. So 
the process of price discovery, everything was done in the right timelines in the right manner 
that is supposed to be done. Again, it’s a very standard process, most companies do it this way 
as well and we have a certain amount of time frame which by we have to inform the markets and 
that’s exactly what has been done. Every rule, every regulation has been followed to the T. 
Regarding not having the entire listed company purchase the international business, as I 
mentioned earlier buying 26% from our family standpoint makes sense because it gives or sends 
a very positive signal to the market. We believe in the business, we believe that we can turn 
around the business and that’s a reason why we invested along with it. However, we also didn’t 
want to over leverage our GMM Pfaudler balance sheet. Currently the GMM Pfaudler 
investment is only about $27.4 million, out of which we have $10 million of internal accruals. 
So the debt on GMM’s book for this international deal is going to be only $17.4 million. So 
again obviously we do believe that after the 3 year period we will find the right mechanisms to 
move or align the entire 100% into the GMM Pfaudler that’s something that we are aware of and 
that is something we will do it. Eventually GMM Pfaudler will own 100% of the international 
business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak, Individual Investor.  
Deepak: 
Mr. Tarak I would like to bring to your notice that price band was quite wide 3500 to 4200 and 
as retail investors who have already invested and wanted to add to our holdings in GMM we 
were not sure because I think being a smaller company, the visibility in the media was not much 
regarding the subscription, how much it has got subscribed and at what rate and such things. So 
we ended up putting in our bids at the 4200, not knowing and not having the option of a cut-off 
price and all those things, so could you please share something for the retail investors who have 
probably not got the best price and only later after the OFS was closed we came to know that 
the bigger institutions and funds they have probably got it closer to 3500 whereas retail people 
like me, we have invested to the maximum allowed at the highest possible band of 4200? Thank 
you. 
Tarak Patel: 
So I think there was a mechanism by which you could have gone into the NSE website where it 
showed the bid, it showed the kind of pricing band and the offers was available. Unfortunately 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
I guess you did not have access to that. Again even though you have got it at slightly higher 
price, I still believe that if you are a long-term investor, I don’t see a problem with this at all. 
Once our consolidation starts happening, once this performance starts improving and GMM as 
you know still remains very strong, so nothing changed at the GMM level. I think I can’t tell 
you specifically how much time but I don’t think you have to wait very long to see some kind 
of upside in that as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Gupta from Solidarity Advisors. 
Manish Gupta: 
Mr. Patel, question on the international acquisitions, if you look at Indian company traditionally 
they have not been very successful when they ventured overseas, perhaps it because of cultural 
differences or whatever. So right now you are acquiring a company which is got plants in 
multiple countries, China, Italy, Germany. Do you believe that given the opportunity that is in 
front of you in India which itself is a very attractive opportunity and you have such a dominant 
position in the marketplace that the company might be getting a bit too adventurous? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yeah, so again very good question. Just to kind of give you some background, we have been 
now associated with Pfaudler since 1988, so we know the business really well, we know the 
people really well, we know how this company functions, the cultural issues of this company. 
This company has also changed hands multiple times and had been neglected. Since 2014 when 
DBAG came in there are definitely a lot of improvements that have happened in the last 3 to 4 
years. Three plants have been modernized; DBAG has spent close to $23 million to get three 
new facilities. The old plant in Germany was shut down; the plant in China was relocated, the 
plant in Italy was shut down and new one was purchased. All these have not started flowing into 
the P&L. We expect that to happen in the coming quarters and that was one of the big kind of—
we had to—convince DBAG to sell this company to us at this right time before all the infusion 
starts flowing through because once this will happen then obviously this company will become 
much-much more expensive and being an investor and being retailing their stake in the business 
we understood that and that’s why we were what able to these transactions at this time and also 
at the valuation that we got. But having said that I think there is a lot of culture related work that 
needs to be done as well, the employees are all very good but there has been some amount of 
neglection that has happened in the past. We may need to motivate these people, we need to get 
the momentum going and I believe that Thomas and I share a very common vision. It is not that 
the Indian team is going to go in and start micromanaging the international operations. Thomas 
and Alexander are very capable, most of the initiatives that they have started, they would still 
want those initiatives and also important point to note is part of a small co-invest, many of the 
employees of the Pfaudler Group have also invested in the Pfaudler International business. So 
that’s something will also give them a lot of commitment and the alignment and maybe right 
now, Thomas if you don’t mind can you maybe just say a few words about how we plan to 
integrate and how we believe the companies can synergize in a much better manner. 
Thomas Kehl: 
Yes, thank you Tarak. My name is Thomas Kehl – CEO of the Pfaudler Group since 5 years and 
let me phrase about our strategy when we took over the company in 2014-2015, we will need to 
recognize that we have to implement the strategy including some restructuring of sides that 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
needed a significant cost improvement and process saw improvement. We also look at the culture 
of the people and the culture of ourselves and we enable ourselves to bring in new people, outside 
people, outside people as it is globally a service product, we should globally to drive the business 
on a global aspect of the trade at the global sales channel that this being the platform for new 
products and new portfolio products that we are looking at and all other global business on the 
global basis and the company the Pfaudler Group and GMM Pfaudler is working very closely 
since they first became united in 2015, strategically aligned, we have shared the same vision and 
we have more further plans now that we are fully integrated to take advantage of the resources 
like low labor cost and so on and having a better competitive position and as Tarak said the 
structuring of the sites is well-placed and the benefits will flow to the P&L in the next couple of 
quarters and the benefits will come now to GMM Pfaudler rather than the Pfaudler Group and 
its owner and we always had in mind that one day as those two companies will be integrated and 
this now was a great opportunity to get it done and going forward into future because we have a 
very successful and bright future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vipin from ABC. 
Vipin: 
Can you please break down the new shareholding pattern after this transaction? It will be good 
if you give us the background like how much is holding by Patel family, how much is from the 
DBAG after this dilution and maybe the other shareholders. Thank you. 
Tarak Patel: 
The DBAG is going to continue holding 32.68% where previous holding was 50.44%, so they 
have sold about 17.76% to bring it down to 32.68%. We as a family were holding 24.56%, we 
sold 2.29% and now we come down to 22.27%, promoter holding has come down from 75% to 
54.95% and public float has gone up from 25% to 45.05%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srinivas Iyer from Rockford Consulting. 
Srinivas Iyer: 
Tarak bhai I’m excited by your vision of making our company global leader for chemical process 
equipment company. God bless you. I have two small questions, in our glass-line equipment; 
our market share in India will be 75% to 80%, isn’t it? Then when can we expect the global 
result to be included in our results? 
Tarak Patel: 
So our glass-line market share today is about 55% but like I mentioned to you, we have the 
highest backlog that we ever had. We want to reduce our backlog and what is going to help us 
in the very-very short-term is our new Hyderabad facility which we will get in the next 2 to 3 
days, so we have already started manufacturing metal body. We have already shipped them from 
Gujarat, so immediately as soon as we get the keys to that factory we will start the glass lining 
and start catering the Hyderabad market. So we believe that we definitely will have an 
opportunity to increase our market share in the South plus with the new furnace is coming in 
Gujarat as well, we have additional capacity. So I’m confident we can bring down our backlog 
very quickly over the next quarter or so and then go and try and improve and increase market 
share. Like you know now GMM Pfaudler does not have a equal in terms of quality competitor 
in India. We used to have a French company, who sold us their factory in Hyderabad and had 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
signed a 3 year non-compete. So in terms of technology, in terms of brand we are the only 
international player all the other competitors are now basically local player, so they don’t have 
technology kind of background that we have. Like I mentioned and I am not sure I got your 
question right, the closing of the transaction is expected to happen sometime in November. From 
November onwards the entire revenue and entire profitability of Pfaudler will flow into the 
GMM Pfaudler P&L, so from that day onwards we will then be consolidated entirely as one 
group. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of VDS Prasad, Retail Investor. 
VDS Prasad: 
My question to Mr. Patel sir, basically what is your plan to give back the confidence on retail 
investors community because investors like me we bought the price at very high level and what 
are your plans to give back that confidence from retail investors community like are you going 
to issue any bonus shares or interim dividend or what exactly is company planning? Thank you. 
Tarak Patel: 
I think firstly I don’t see a reason why anybody should lose confidence in us because everything 
is done as per the book. But I completely understand where people are coming from but again 
my only advice to everybody is like we need to also see a bigger picture. There has been certain 
new floating around which obviously did not anything to do with us and we know once 
somebody picks it up it just starts circulating more and more and bring a lot of negativity. But 
definitely we always would like to reward our long-standing shareholders. If you have been 
invested and you have bought at a higher price, my only advice is to hang in there. The company 
remains very strong. We will completely work our heart out to make sure that we do not lose 
further valuation. We will only try and improve it. We have done that over the last 5 years while 
we were taking the share price when I took over as MD it was Rs. 250 and until last month it 
was 6900 and people were very happy with me till then. So I would just say that please you can 
count on us. We will put in the blood, sweat and tears and at the right time we will definitely 
reward shareholders either through the boners or some kind of mechanism which is going to be 
EPS accretive for all shareholders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Krishna, Individual Investor. 
Kunal Krishna: 
There is always room for improvement when it comes to transparency and corporate governance. 
But having said that going forward what steps are you going to take in order to ensure that the 
interest of retail investors is protected amidst any new developments and considering that there 
may be individuals or entities privy to the company’s future plans which they may use to their 
advantage at the cost of retail investors interest? Thank you. 
Tarak Patel: 
I think good question again. I think we will definitely need to strengthen our, we already have a 
very strong corporate governance policy in place but there is no harm of like you said always 
improving. I think with the quality of investors who will come in now during whosever subscribe 
in the OFS I am sure they will also demand a much higher level of corporate governance. We 
will learn a lot of new things and we will hopefully implement best practices better than what 
we have currently and we will obviously always be transparent. And that’s one thing that I have 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
done and the people who have been following GMM since 2015 since I took over in June I have 
held a conference call every quarter without fail. Personally I have been in all these calls and I 
have never shied away from asking and being transparent and having a very open conversation 
with anybody. That is something that will remain the same. Obviously that is something that we 
don’t want to change and we want to continue as being as practical, transparent and pragmatic 
as we can. However at the same time like you said we will try and bring in some more corporate 
governance measures that strengthen our corporate governance going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vidya KR, Individual Investor. 
Vidya KR: 
My question is in the time from now up to the integration of the two entities, the global part of 
the Pfaudler Inc. and GMM Pfaudler, what benefits do I receive as a shareholder of GMM 
Pfaudler? Point number one. Point number two is, what mechanism do you envisage to integrate 
the two businesses entities? 
Tarak Patel: 
I think until the time when the businesses are consolidated sometime in November, you 
obviously have our Q2 performance to be recorded. We have a Board meeting planned on 
October 21st, like I mentioned to you in spite of COVID we were managed to get the factory up 
and running very-very quickly. There are not many businesses that have been able to get through 
this crisis starts enough, quick enough. One for us, we have been very lucky because our order 
book was very strong and we expect the performance of Q2, Q3 and Q4 to also be very-very 
strong. In terms of integration globally the idea is that there is no real integration because since 
we have been working together for the last 5 years with DBAG and Thomas Alexander and for 
the last 30 years with Pfaudler, it’s not that we’re going into a new factory that we have never 
seen before or meeting new people that we have never met before. So from an integration 
standpoint I don’t see a problem at all. Integration has already started. We are already working 
together in many ways. One example is that Pfaudler had bought a company called Interseal 
which is a mechanical seal company, that entire product range is going to be manufactured now 
locally in India. The localization has already started. Currently we buy the steel from the seals 
from EagleBurgmann and from Flowserve. Now we will be producing our own branded 
mechanical seals and applying them to every reactor that we sell, so again a huge kind of benefit 
both in terms of revenue and profitability. These are also very-very high when it comes to after 
sales market business, so that’s a great opportunity. So things have already started happening. 
We are sharing technology on glass, we are sharing technology on acid recovery, we are selling 
our heavy Engineering products, we are selling their products, they are allowing us to go into 
Southeast Asian markets. Taiwan is an order that we’ve recently got from, some orders from 
Malaysia. So I think the integration is going on and before you know things will start flowing 
through into GMM. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Mehta from MetLife Insurance. 
Deepak Mehta: 
My question is about the disclosure of this OFS; at the time of acquisition also I think there 
would have been discussion with the private equity DBAG. So even at that time if you would 
have disclosed I think it would have made more sense and transparency. 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Tarak Patel: 
Right Deepak, good point. There was definitely a conversation but nothing was decided at that 
point when would we do it, how would we do it, at what price would we do it, who would do it, 
what investors would come in. So it would have been too speculative in nature to disclose 
anything at that standpoint and as you know disclosing something that is speculative will cause 
even more problems than early disclosing. So only once we were certain and as per the guidelines 
issued by SEBI is when we disclosed. But as you said that yes conversations and we knew and 
we knew actually from day one that when DBAG came in that they are the financial investors 
and they will liquidate at some point. We always knew that but the exact timelines is not that we 
knew for certain and hence we could not disclose. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun Kumar Ohri, Individual Investor. 
Arun Kumar Ohri: 
I am an investors since 2006, 14 years when the face value was Rs. 10. I never had a concern on 
the company. However, the entire transaction in the last 3 months the way it has gone, when the 
price was running near 7000, there was no alert and I find very difficult. In the last 14 years I 
never had any issue with the share with which I was sleeping. That’s the way I would say. But 
it was shocking when the price was 7000, when it was going out of range and there was no alert 
given to the market. Not to say that I am seller in the share, my cost is Rs. 70, so I would say 
sense for me to worry. But it does take our confidence, what is the kind of steps you are intending 
to take to rebuild the confidence of the person who took the share of the company as a rock solid, 
without any problem, without any issues like a clockwork dividend used to come every quarter, 
good balance sheet, transparent balance sheet, never had any issue. But the entire thing the way 
the whole exercise has been done. 
Tarak Patel: 
I completely agree with you. I mean on market pricing and market demand I don’t like to 
comment on that. But I hope that by bringing in additional free float, bringing in strong investors, 
long-term investors there will be less opportunity for people to play with the price. I think that 
is something that as the company grows in size as we grow in scale as the more number of 
investors and visibility comes in, it will be beneficial for all shareholders going forward was talk 
on the other aspects of dividend, in the other aspects of corporate governance, balance sheet, 
accounting policies, nothing has changed, nothing will change. So you can be rest assured. I 
know many people have seen what has happened in the last few months and enjoyed it while the 
price went high and then when it came down because of the OFS you were very distraught and 
unhappy. But again like you have been a shareholder for the last maybe 14-15 years I would still 
urge you to remain a shareholder. We will not let you down and there will be no opportunity 
where you can point a finger at us for any kind of wrong doings on this deal. This is something 
that the market pricing is not in our control and from our standpoint; our only focus is to continue 
making the business successful and trying to grow both revenues and profitability. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atul Modi, Individual Investor. 
Atul Modi: 
I have got two questions. I am a small investor since last 1-year. One thing is that why was this 
OFS, declaration of OFS not done prior, you declared on 21st and then OFS was open for non-
retail investor from 22nd and only retail investor only for 23rd. I actually couldn’t apply for OFS 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
at such an attractive price. Had it been a little more transparency I could have done that that was 
the question number one? And question number two is why was the opportunity of rights 
entitlement not given to existing shareholders rather than straight away going to the public? 
These are my two questions. 
Tarak Patel: 
In terms of the OFS notice, everything was done as per the SEBI laws what it required to be 
done. So that is something that was basically dictated not by us but by what SEBI allow. So that 
was your answer to question one. The OFS I think is a mechanism by which we are not at all 
increasing the shareholder base, the shareholder capital, the number of shares still remain the 
same. You will be earnings for share is going to increase significantly over time and that is one 
thing that we wanted to maintain. We did not want to increase the number of shares in the market. 
That’s the reason why we decided to go with an OFS. 
 Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashil Shah, Individual Investor. 
Ashil Shah: 
I had one question regarding the competition that you currently have. From what I understand 
you guys have done backlog of let’s say 7-8 months. What is, and you all don’t have competition 
from the international companies, the rest of the companies are here are local and you have a 
technology advantage. What is stopping you out from increasing the prices and just essentially 
getting a much larger share on the profits? 
Tarak Patel: 
So again we have to be very careful. We have to find the right balance between price and 
demand. The customers have been part of our growth journey and have been very-very mutually 
beneficial relationship between us. They depend on us and hence after a point pricing is 
something that we also have to be a little bit careful about but having said that over the last 4 to 
5 years we have increased prices regularly. Being the market leader, we have been able to do 
that and the rest of our competitors have also followed and a lot of the improvement in 
profitability as well has come because prices have been increased. Going forward what I do see 
and what we see in India now is the mindset of the Indian customer has changed significantly. 
When I came back from the US in 2000 it was a very price conscious market, it was only about 
price, we had to match prices but today people are willing to give you a premium for good 
quality, for faster delivery especially people who are building world-class facilities. So a PI 
Industries, Divis Lab, the Dr. Reddy’s and SRL and RT; we are not going to compromise 
anymore on quality. Their customers are all international players, they are all multinational 
players, they have regular audit. So the Indian customer is also changing and you will see now 
overtime that need for high-quality branded equipment is going to increase. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kumar from Century Link. 
Kumar: 
My question may sound little repetitive but the problem is on the OFS was announced on the 
evening of 21st September and OFS open from 22nd September. Maybe this is as per SEBI rules 
and SEBI may allow this but this came as a surprise to the individual investors like me. So what 
made this kind of sudden surprise to be given? Is this because of planning was made suddenly 
or is this how things work? And second question is on 21st September evening the announcement 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
was made but on 21st September morning there was a steep fall in the share price. So is this 
because that the information was already leaked? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yeah so again I can’t really comment on this but I know one of the reasons why they don’t have 
a big gap between announcement and actual OFS is probably because there could be a lot of 
pressure on the share price, right. So that’s why they keep it very-very close together. I can’t 
comment on why and who and what the share price has done over the last few weeks. I don’t 
comment on it when it increases nor can I comment on it when it decreases. Again I just want to 
reiterate to everybody that share price is something that everybody looks at but I think the 
fundamental of the business, the share price will improve over time and the business keeps 
improving and again if you have a long-term view, I don’t see any reason why this is still not a 
good opportunity for you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samir, Individual Investor. 
Samir: 
Being an old shareholder of your company why all these details about how much the DBAG is 
selling or how much the Patel family is selling? Why all these details could not have been 
published in your OFS letter itself so as to avoid any doubt? 
Tarak Patel: 
So Samir I think most of the information is already there. It’s already on the stock exchanges; 
it’s also on our website, all the discussions, the amounts, the who is selling, why this been sold. 
I think most of the information has already been shared. Unfortunately did not get picked up and 
only few small portions of it got picked up but the information has been shared in a very clear 
and transparent manner. The only thing that we did not do and in hindsight we could have done 
it made a more of a general statement about this transaction but since it’s not through the 
company, through the promoters, the company cannot really make a statement but maybe as 
promoters we could have made broad level statement but I don’t know what kind of locus standi 
we have in terms of this and how would we have to make the statement to the stock exchanges. 
So again normally we follow exactly as per our legal advice and our investment banker advice, 
the standard process followed for OFSs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from SSJ Finance. 
Saurabh Jain: 
My question is based on the premise and my understanding that GMM Pfaudler will acquire 
about 54% in Pfaudler Inc., Patel family will acquire about 26% in Pfaudler International and 
what I understand from you is that eventually GMM Pfaudler will own the entire 100% or maybe 
the 80% in Pfaudler International. The question is based on this premise, why is this considered 
a better alignment of interest of the promoters and GMM Pfaudler versus maybe GMM Pfaudler 
having acquired the entire 80% at this stage itself. Could you comment on that? 
Tarak Patel: 
Saurabh so yeah good point. Again so this 100% is something that will happen after a 3-year 
period, it won’t be 80, it will be 100% that’s already been decided. The reason again like I 
mentioned is to show commitment and belief in the business. Most Indian investors would have 
asked me saying that why are you buying into a business that’s growing at 7%-8% where the 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
profitability is so much lower, India is doing great, you are making 19%-20% EBITDA margin, 
you are growing to 20% CAGR over the last 5 years, so why are you really taking this step? And 
the idea here is to really show to the investors and to the general public that we as a family are 
putting in our own money to show that we believe that we can turn this business around, we 
believe that there are a lot of synergies, we believe that there are a lot of improvement that we 
can make hence we decided to do that. We also believe that by doing this we are not over 
leveraging the GMM Pfaudler balance sheet. It makes it much more comfortable for GMM 
Pfaudler anyway because they own 54%, the entire revenue and profitability will get 
consolidated and at the end of the 3-year period like I mentioned to you, we will find a 
mechanism by which GMM Pfaudler will own 100% of the international business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bayan Shah, Individual Investor. 
Bayan Shah: 
I want to give an honest feedback that lot of retail investor who bought the GMM shares recently, 
they feel dejected by seeing the OFS which is coming at very discounted price and some of them 
are now even feeling the trap. So this is one honest feedback that I would like to give from the 
retail investor. Now my question is on the debt that we have taken to fulfill this acquisition so 
what is the timeline that GMM is looking to repay this debt?  
Tarak Patel: 
So on your first point, your point is well taken. I understand and that definitely a thought that 
went through my mind earlier but there was no other way around it. If the price were lower and 
we were a higher over price and one would have been happy but in this case, it was the other 
way round. Hopefully once share price will return to normal levels in the foreseeable future and 
the retail investors will again be quite happy in terms of the performance. Now in terms of the 
debt level we have about $17.4 million of debt that we will be taking on GMM Pfaudler balance 
sheet about 12 million at GMM level and 5 million at us with subsidiary level. So that is the 
quite a comfortable level. Pfaudler currently has a net debt of about $23-24 million however that 
net debt is going to be changed to a vendor note so DBAG, it also going to show commitment 
by giving us a vendor note from their side without any kind of covenants or the collateral at the 
same interest rate that the banks would give it to us. So that is going to give us a lot more 
flexibility and we believe that we can easily pay back the GMM debt in about 2 years or so, 2 to 
3 years and similarly for the Pfaudler International business as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Kadu, Amrita Investment. 
Yash Kadu: 
I have two questions for you. The first question is you said that eventually you will be increasing 
your stake to 30% in GMM Pfaudler, right now you have come down to approximately 22%. So 
when you are going to increase it to 8% eventually by 3 to 4 years? What is the mechanism like 
how are you going to raise the money to increase your stake to the 30%? And the second question 
is again keeping in mind that you have increased your sales revenues and profit margins 
approximate 20% CAGR last 5 years and keeping in mind that you will be able to continue. Do 
we see any increase in CAPEX and if so then where do you see it coming from? 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Tarak Patel: 
So let me maybe speak about the second question first. The second question is both at Pfaudler 
International and at GMM Pfaudler, I think the next 12 to 18 months it’s not going to see 
significant CAPEX like I mentioned to you here in India we have now readymade facility in 
Hyderabad plus our two new gas furnaces have also come in. So that should put us in a good 
standing for the next 12 to 18 months for sure. We have enough capacity now. Internationally 
as I mentioned earlier Pfaudler has spent $23 million in CAPEX over the last 2 to 3 years. We 
have shut down a 100-year old German plant, they have moved to a much smaller manufacturing 
facility with much lower number of people. In China as well they have moved from Fuzhou to 
a factory which is twice the capacity and in Italy, they closed down their old factory and bought 
a competitor out. So these investments have gone in already so there is no significant CAPEX 
going to happen in the next few years. Maintenance CAPEX will be actually lower because these 
plants are all brand-new now. On the first part of your question I believe it was around I am 
sorry I think it skipped my mind. Can we get the gentlemen back and just have that question 
repeated please? So I think I got it so I think he was asking about how we are going to increase 
our stake, right? 
Yash Kadu: 
Yeah because you said you are going to like you will have to fund it, right in the next 3 to 4 
years. So how are you going to fund it because you said that 2.5% stake that you sold in GMM 
Pfaudler to buy the parent group so again I just want some clarity about how are you going to 
fund to take your investments back to 30% for GMM Pfaudler eventually 3-4 years down the 
line? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right so one of the mechanism and again it might be a bit complicated but like you said and like 
you know 26% in the international business is owned by the Patel family and eventually I said 
that 100% will be owned by GMM Pfaudler so there will be a merger of sorts where we will 
combine the international business with the India business and that 20% stake will then get 
converted to a small stake here in GMM Pfaudler depending on what value and what kind of 
improvements we can bring over time. So that would help us increase our stake maybe for 3% 
to 4% and then obviously with DBAG we have a right of first refusal so whenever they do plan 
to exit we do have some ability to buy some amount of stake obviously as a family we will not 
look to dilute anymore. If the opportunity comes we would look at some kind of financing 
options or some kind of selling of our properties, land properties and the things that we own and 
then we can reinvest that into the GMM Pfaudler business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. 
Karan Khanna: 
So Tarak, I had one question just following up from the previous participant. You mentioned 
that eventually in the next 3 to 4 years you intend to increase the stake of Patel family from 
22.5% to roughly 30% in the next 3 or 4 years. As I look at the current pricing itself or the current 
valuation of the company this would imply around 400-450 crores of outgo assuming that the 
pricing was to stay where it is today. This would still imply 400-450 crores requirement to be 
able to buy the 7.5% incremental stake in the company. Now if I look at the international 
business even if you were to able to turn it around say in the next 3 years from 100 crores 
EBITDA to say 200 crores EBITDA in the next 3 years and if you were to conduct the transaction 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
at the same price, same valuation as which you have acquired it from DBAG that could still 
imply that for your 26% stake for 100 crores you will be able to get around 200 crores valuation 
for that when you sell it back to GMM. At that context just wanted to understand that whether 
these valuations would be same as the valuation at which you have acquired the business from 
DBAG or there will be some changes to it and if not, how will you fund the remaining 250 crores 
odd to fund the acquisition of shares at GMM Pfaudler? 
Tarak Patel: 
So honestly we have not thought that far but I would just give you a little bit of guidance in terms 
of what and how the valuation will be done. The valuation, there is no pre-agreed price, there is 
no put or call options on either of us. The idea is to do a fair value when we believe the timing 
is right, being related parties both DBAG and the Patel family cannot vote on this transaction. It 
will have to be done by the minority shareholders which will include the new shareholders are 
coming in, the FIIs and the DIIs and the HNIs. So it will be a very transparent and above-board 
manner. The idea is to not really worry about that right now. The idea is to really focus on 
building value in the business. All this is something that we hope will happen but if we can’t 
create value then obviously the money that the Patel family has put in is also at risk. Now the 
idea is to create value, we believe there is value to be created and hence we have invested our 
own funds into the international business and taken some of the risk away from GMM Pfaudler 
as well and taken some risk on to our head as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dr. Danish Irani, Individual Investor. 
Danish Irani: 
I think now we should only concentrate on the positives. I have been holding the shares since 
1991 and I am probably the largest individual investor minus the promoters. So let’s forget the 
negatives, let’s forget what’s happened and whatever has happened isn’t really good. Hasn’t left 
a very good taste but then forget it. Let’s see further, let’s have faith as we had till today in the 
management. I have seen Tarak come to this company as a joinee and I’ve seen him rise to what 
he’s risen today. And it think as an investor, as such an old investor and such a large investor, I 
think I have full faith in him and I think he will take up where he wants to take up. That is the 
world #1 we are, the world #1 hopefully we will always be. So Tarak I hope you will maintain 
what you have maintained and probably look back into the deficiencies which have occurred 
during this whole last two weeks. And I think we should see you where you can take us. So 
without asking any questions, I think I would only like to look forward very positively as I have 
all through and I will always remain committed to this company and I hope everyone else should 
also remain committed and let’s just forget the past and think about the future. Thank you. This 
is all I wanted to end myself on a very positive note. 
Moderator: 
We proceed to the next question from the line of Anand Jain, an Individual Investor. 
Anand Jain: 
I think whatever the speaker ahead of me said makes lot of sense but there’s just one question 
which I think picking up from the thread of the previous two speakers is that there is still a 
transaction that will happen going ahead 3-4 years down the line. And whatever has happened 
in this transaction has certainly left a bad taste. As a minority shareholder I would really expect 
the management to provide us some kind of guarantees in terms of how the future transactions 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
where the Pfaudler gets bought over completely by GMM takes place happened in a way which 
is completely team and which is not decided at that point of time but which gets decided way 
ahead maybe even now if you can give an assurance that, not just an assurance more like some 
kind of it’s going to be driven by maybe an interest rate driven exercise or whatever exercise but 
a far more transparency in terms of that would be very helpful in taking back the trust on the 
management. 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes Mr. Jain I think that’s a very good point and that point is well noted. I think it’s something 
that we’ve also assured the incoming investors that when we do decide to do the next transaction 
we will take you all on board, we will keep a very transparent and open manner, we will learn 
from our mistakes and I think going forward we want to be as transparent as possible with our 
shareholders, minority shareholders as well.  
Some of the information can obviously not be shared earlier because of price sensitivity and 
things like that but whenever we can share information and we will find the right mechanism 
and I don’t think that we will repeat the same mistake twice. So we will learn from our mistakes 
and definitely make this company much more transparent, I believe there’s already a lot of 
stability coming in with new investors coming in and there will robustness in the price and 
there’ll be more visibility and these investors will also bring more investors with them so I think 
overtime we will see that the face of this company will change and that’s something that I 
personally believe is very important if we want to see this company go to the next level. So being 
small 75% promoter controlled company I don’t think that’s the right place for us, we have to 
pick up really a global multinational company and the only way today to do that is by increasing 
the public float, bringing better governance standards, bringing in more transparency and things 
like that and that’s something we’ll work hard to get done. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyam Vada, Individual Investor. 
Priyam Vada: 
My question is two parts, one is that with this international acquisition, the profit margins what 
will be the impact on the percentage profit margin? Will we go up or down? And other part is 
can we can we have any EPS guidance, growth guidance for the next 2-3 years post this 
acquisition? 
Tarak Patel: 
So there is some guidance available in our website, if you got to the investor relation section 
there’s a very large presentation with all the details of the transaction, I would urge all 
shareholders to go through it. In terms of EBIDTA margin there will be a drop in EBIDTA 
margin in the near time but we expect that to already improve. Like I mentioned the three new 
facilities are now making money, they were making losses because of the move but in March of 
this year German facility broke even. So you will see that uplift coming in. Italy is also making 
money and China was delayed because we could not start up because of COVID, has now started 
up also and we have about a 20 months backlog on the books. So all in all the three new facilities 
plus the new products that Pfaudler has bought in, you will see improvements coming in and 
that will start flowing through into GMM Pfaudler P&L for coming quarters. 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun Laharuka from MH Capital. 
Arun Laharuka: 
Mr. Mehta I had a question on the business side. I am just a two day old investor, thanks to the 
OFS, I have become an investor. Basically my understanding is that GMM’s float is directly 
proportional to the CAPEX plan of the pharma and allied companies, the chemical sector. And 
again my understanding is that there has been a significant capacity addition that has happened 
in the last few quarters and with an adequate pipeline to be delivered in the next few quarters. 
What is your confidence on growth over the 12 to 36 month period going forward because by 
the time you will think it’s streamlined, are we still confident of growth coming in or are there 
any other, what are the other legs to grow other than capacity addtion on the Indian side? 
Tarak Patel: 
So firstly my last name is not Mehta its Patel but since you’re a new investor I think that’s okay. 
No problem. So I’m very bullish. Currently we have seen a lot of growth coming from chemicals 
in a company like Arti, SRF, a lot of the China production, the China pollution control norms, 
that has shifted a long lot of production into India. And that has been really our growth driver 
for the last 3 to 4 years. Pharma historically has been our biggest segment accounting for nearly 
55%-60% however we have seen that drop to about 35% and we have seen chemicals, when I 
say chemicals, agro chemicals and specialty chemicals take up for that shortfall. So we are still 
seeing that chemical is strong, we are already seeing big projects coming in from the PIs and 
SRFs of the world. We are also seeing chemical companies now moving into pharma 
intermediaries. So SRF, PI have already announced that they are going to get into pharma 
intermediaries as well. Now from a pharmaceutical standpoint we are seeing some amount of 
traction, we see a resurgence in pharma as well. We are not seeing it right now in the big pharma, 
but we are seeing it at the second level, the guys who supply into the big pharma. So the smaller 
companies with one or two reactors are now buying 10 or 12 reactors. So they are ramping up 
their production because these companies are now looking at alternatives to China. So I believe 
going forward India market looks very strong. I would like to just add here that the European 
and US markets are also seeing some traction in pharma. Those geographies and those countries 
are looking at building redundancies in these markets. Our Swiss subsidiary has a backlog of 
close to €20 million which it never ever had in lifetime. It was a 15 million swiss franc company 
so it has a backlog now that pretty much goes on for a year and a half. So there is action 
happening there and maybe if Thomas is still around maybe he can give you a quick view on 
some of these investments that are coming in on the international shores. 
Thomas Kehl: 
This is what we see. Due to the COVID crisis the world is going to look at itself in a different 
way than it did in the past. Many more international investors as well of off-shore for their 
manufacturing facilities to be local and also low cost manufacturing, so the supply chain 
disruptions businesses. They’re now urge to really deal with redundancies and backups and this 
will create additional demand, increasing the demand, as  they are not  shutting down there 
offshore offices but they add new facilities in their home turf and this will boost our demand and 
will create additional opportunities for us.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Viraj from Validus Wealth. 

 
GMMPfaudler Limited 
September 25, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Viraj: 
Just two small questions mainly on the numbers. So in the resultant post transaction shareholding 
structure at the top of the tree, what’s the holding of DBAG in Pfaudler Inc., USA and in of 
Pfaudler Inc. USA in GMM Pfaudler? 
Tarak Patel: 
So DBAG through Pfaudler Inc. will hold 32.68% after the OFS. So they will still continue to 
be the largest shareholder and they are still committed to the business and this holding will not 
change for the next 3 years. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Kalpesh Goti from Valentus Advisors. 
Kalpesh Goti: 
Sir you already mentioned what is the Revenue and EBIDTA after the merger of the transactions, 
can you throw some light or mention what will be the debt level on consol levels? 
Tarak Patel: 
Alex maybe you can take that but I think it’s there in the investor presentation or maybe Alex 
can give you some guidance on that. 
Alexander Pompner:  
We are at the end of this fiscal year of the GMM amounts 32 million on a combined level net 
debt plus 32-33 million net.  
Tarak Patel: 
I think he said 32 million consolidated net debt. 
Alexander Pompner:  
Yes 32 to 33 million. 
Tarak Patel: 
32 to 33 million on a consolidate and revenue was about 275 million. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Diwakar Pingle for his closing comments. 
Diwakar Pingle:  
I think Tarak will give the closing comments. I know there are still some people on the call; in 
case you have any queries and questions my email id is there on the presentation deck. Please 
put it down happy to engage in a conversation with you guys. Tarak your closing comments 
please. 
Tarak Patel: 
Thank you everybody for your questions and comments as well. I think your feedback is well 
received, I think we will have some internal kind of improvements that we will work on to make 
it a more transparent and more open company going forward, that’s something that we will work 
on. But from a business standpoint, a governance standpoint, or management standpoint I don’t 
think anything has changed. Just believe in this company a month ago, I see no reason why you 
should not believe in the company going forward, and obviously now is the time for performance 
to speak for itself and I hope that our performance can speak for ourselves and I look forward to 
interacting with you again after our Q2 numbers. Thank you very much and have a nice weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GMM Pfaudler that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining, 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
