 
 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Ltd 
(Formerly Bajaj Corp Ltd) 
117, 11th Floor, Bajaj Bhavan, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 226 Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400021 
Tel.: +91 22 22049056 / 58 / 8633 I CIN: L01110RJ2006PLC047173 I Web: www.bajajconsumercare.com 
Registered Office: Old Station Road, Sevashram Chouraha, Udaipur- 313 001, Rajasthan  
Tel.: +91 0294-2561631, 2561632 
 
                                        
 
           
 
 
October 22, 2020 
 
 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 023 
Fax No.2272 3121/2037/2039 
 
Stock Code: 533229 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block 
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Fax No.2659 8237/8238 
 
Stock Code: BAJAJCON 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Conference Call transcripts (Scrip Code: 533229) 
 
Please find attached a copy of the Conference Call transcripts in respect of Bajaj 
Consumer Care Limited (Formerly Bajaj Corp Limited) dated  October 19, 2020. 
 
The same may please be taken on record and disseminated to all. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
Chandresh Chhaya 
Company Secretary 
Membership No.: FCS 4813 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
bajaj coNsuMER cARE 

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
“Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
Q2 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 19, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST:  
MR. MANOJ MENON - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIDEEP NANDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – BAJAJ 
CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
MR. DILIP KUMAR MALOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
MR. KUSHAL MAHESHWARI - HEAD TREASURY - BAJAJ 
CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
bajaj CONSUMER CARE 
bajaj CONSUMER CARE 
fl,c,c15ecu,ities 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bajaj Consumer Care Q2 FY2021 
Earnings conference call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Manoj Menon: 
Good morning everyone. It is an absolute pleasure to host the 2Q FY2021 Results 
Conference Call of Bazaar Consumer Care. The consumer sector results get kicked off with 
Bajaj being the first result. It is a stock business, which we like and we are firm believers in 
the turnaround under Mr. Jaideep Nandi, the Managing Director who is there on the call 
today. Mr. Dilip Kumar Maloo, the Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Kushal Maheshwari, 
Head of Treasury and IR. Over to the management for the initial remarks and then we will 
open the floor for questions and answers after that. Over to you Sir! 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Good morning everyone and thank you Manoj and Vishwa for hosting this call. My name is 
Jaideep Nandi and I am joined by my colleagues Mr. D K Maloo, the CFO and Mr. Kushal 
Maheshwari who is our head of treasury and investor relations as well as some of my 
colleagues from our management committee. 
 
With the lifting of the lockdown restrictions in phases across India we see signs of recovery 
of both economic activity as well as consumer sentiment. I think it is a sign of adapting to 
the new normal. While the quarter saw proliferation of COVID-19 the FMCG business 
showed signs of recovery in the second half of the quarter as you can see from the results of 
the hair oil growth in July, August was very good as far as Nielsen data is concerned. The 
logistics and distributions were back to nearly pre-COVID levels though sporadic 
disruptions still remain due to localized lockdown restrictions and we think that this will 
continue for the next one or two quarters. 
 
The company reported a sale turnover of 221.76 Crores for the quarter with a growth of 5% 
over the same quarter of previous year. The EBITDA for the quarter was at 63.99 Crores, 
which is a marginal growth of 0.6% over the previous year same quarter. The EBITDA to 
sales ratio was at 28.9%, the gross margin was at 65.8% as against 66.2% in Q2 of 2020. 
The marginal drop was due to change in the product mix with a little higher contribution of 
Bajaj Amla Hair Oil and Sanitizers both put together contributing to about 5% for the 
quarter sales. The PAT for the company was at 57.25 Crores against 57.29 Crores, which is 
basically flat during the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
The commodity prices remained inflationary during the quarter with LLP prices showing a 
gradual rising trend. Refined mustard oil prices have also been increasing with supplying 
constraint and rising global edible oil demand. During the quarter the benefit of LLP prices 
was partially offset with increase in RMO prices and other packaging material thereby 
contributing to a marginal gain in gross margins as compared to previous years this is 
specific to only raw material and packaging material costs. There has been a recovery in 
hair oil category in the months of July and August with 0.5% value growth and a 2.7% 
volume growth after Q1 decline of 25%. The year-to-date August hair oil market decline 
remains at 15%, a decline of 15% by value and a decline of 12% by volume. Clearly the 
consumer downtrading and we have seen from the difference in the value volume decline of 
3%. 
 
Rural India continues to perform better than the urban markets aided by government relief 
packages, agricultural boost and reverse migration of labor. Urban markets declined at a 
lower rate of 6.4% for July and August as per Nielsen while rural growth continues, and it 
is what 9.7% for the same period positive 9.7%. For the company the approach has been to 
maximize the available growth opportunities by driving our distribution and penetration at 
rural markets. The van operations have been scaled up steadily during the quarter, the urban 
markets continue to be under stress due to partial lockdowns in some of the markets, which 
is also showing signs of recovery, but retail is still struggling. As a result the rural markets 
have been outperforming and there has been increase of our rural contribution to about 52% 
from 44%. The company continues with its policy of completely nil credit to distributors 
and superstockist in general trade with (inaudible) 5:30 country with an uncertain 
economic outlook; the consumers are clearly displaying value for money purchase behavior. 
To keep pace with this changing consumer sentiments we have launched new SKUs in both 
ADHO as well as Amla with adequate promotional offers both trade and consumers. We 
will continue to monitor the same and react accordingly as we see the market. 
 
Modern trade channel has been under severe stress post COVID-19 due to entry restrictions 
and closure of malls in most cities and towns. The pressure on this channel has not eased 
much in Q2 and it continues to decline for us as well in the quarter. With the festive season 
around and the relative easing of urban markets we believe modern trade channel will do 
better in the coming quarters, which we need to see how it pans out. E-commerce has 
shown promising growth figures in the quarter albeit on a very, very small base, we see 
potential in online retail, which is gaining consumer preference across cities and big towns 
and we intend to make this one of our future growth drivers. There has been a single 
significant ramp up in digital marketing in the second quarter, which has also helped drive 
the e-commerce business. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
International business has recovered in this quarter across markets wiping the deficit of the 
first quarter as markets continue to ease up. We will continue to approach these markets 
tactically for the current year. During the quarter the company upped the investments in 
marketing through TV, print, digital media, and as a result the advertising and sales 
promotion expenses are back to the pre-COVID levels of about 18% to sales. The media 
spend strategy was rural focused in July and August to capitalize on the rural market uptick. 
ADHO has been restaged in Q2 with the new improved formulation, the benefit of 6X 
Vitamin E and enhanced nourishment to reduce hairfall. The launch has been supported 
with integrated marketing campaigns across TV, print, digital, and on-ground visibility 
from September onwards. During the quarter we introduced three new pack sizes in Bajaj 
Amla Hair Oil the 3 ml sachet, the 300 ml, and the 500 ml over our existing 3 SKUs of 
37.4, 80 ml and 160 ml, so that now we have a complete range in Amla at different price 
points. Amla has also been a focus in rural markets, which has been supported with the pan 
initiative. Bajaj anti-grey hair oil our digital first brand has been listed on all major e-
commerce chains in this quarter, sales remain low currently, but we remain committed 
towards investment behind the brand primarily through digital. Nomarks hand sanitizer had 
shown good response during the initial periods of lockdown; however, the sales have 
slowed down due to crowding of the market with numerous players offering high trade 
discounts. It makes me very proud to announce that our Paonta Plant has also got the 
Golden Peacock National Quality Award for the Year 2020. As a company we have been 
increasing our usage of automation and technology, which is being planned and 
implemented across various functions in the organization. The management committee of 
the company has also been working on to upgrade the systems and processes in order to 
improve operational efficiencies and make the organization future ready. With that, I end 
my opening remarks and open the session for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I have two questions, one on sanitizer sales, what is the contribution to H1 and what kind of 
demand trends are we currently seeing and secondly on urban markets do we see migrants 
coming back and with festive season what are the outlook on urban demand? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
If you look at sanitizers clearly the sentiments that were displayed in the first quarter, 
clearly definitely by us and I think quite a few of many companies not only across FMCG 
but across many other companies clearly that way it has not panned out. So as a result while 
if you look at H1 where the contributions were close to mid single digit that contribution 
has nearly halved in this quarter and now it is basically a practical thing where we will look 
and see how the market pans out, at this stage it is extremely crowded, the discounts that are 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 25 
being offered in the market there is not really money to be made and if you really want to 
establish the brand the kind of spends that you would require to put in behind the brand 
really speaking may not be the best way forward at this stage, so we will keep watching the 
space, at this moment it is not one of our key focus areas, we wanted to take it as a tactical 
opportunity, we made took advantage of it, at this stage we are going easy on it, so it is 
more of now clearing how do we clear our inventory and we remain more or less safe. So 
that is as far as sanitizers are concerned. As far as urban demand is concerned, clearly we 
see an uptick coming up while retail is still struggling one good thing that we see is 
wholesalers come back quite substantially back especially in the months of August and 
more so in September, so that is a pretty good sign so that we see that more distribution is 
happening, the markets are really opening up, so retail while it is still struggling wholesale 
we see some positive signs coming up, so we are doing our bit to see how we can get into 
the larger urban markets, usage of digital media we have ramped up our usage of digital 
media not only for our media spend strategy, but also to look at how we can tap the urban 
market, little bit of the urban let us say that we were new consumers the younger 
consumers, etc., so we are also changing a bit of tag there, it is mainly ADHO driven, but 
also supports some of the lower brands like AGHO, etc., which is anti-grey hair oil, so that 
is what we see. So our thinking is that given the festive season coming up and given that 
government is also making the best way to open up these markets we see urban in Q3 to be 
doing much better than we have seen in the last quarter. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Lastly from my side if I look at staff cost they are looking at a flattish kind of trend on a 
first-half basis, so is there some variable which is performance linked, which is not coming 
through that is why this flattish trend and would this trend in employee cost continue for the 
rest of the year? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
The employee cost will continue because what we have done is, we have done two things. 
During the middle of last year we had done a round of employee rationalization, so those 
costs still sat on the back of the numbers if you look at the P&L of last year, so that is why 
you are seeing a flattish kind of a base this year. We have already factored in, we have 
actually announced our increments this year that is payable right from April so that has 
gone through and those are all factored in those were all provided for in the cost, so there 
will be no impact obviously on the P&L, but that is what you will see, so structurally not 
too much changes you will see as far as employee cost is concerned, but a bit of 
restructuring is happening across, a little bit at the senior management level, but in terms of 
basis points you will not see too much of changes. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Understood, thank you, all the best. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Patwa from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Have you seen any trends in terms of SKUs in terms of size like the larger size getting sold 
more because people would want to come out more frequently, any similar or any other 
specific trend, which you would want to highlight? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Clearly what we have been seeing and this is not a quarter phenomena, but for the last 
maybe three, four quarters and obviously accentuated in the last two quarters clearly is the 
movement towards the larger packs, so even before that it was a little different as a reason 
before let us say just if you take two, three quarters before the lockdown, in fact the urban 
demand was far outpacing the rural demand because rural was really struggling, so we saw 
a gradual shift at least for our SKU sizes towards the larger packs, but in the last two 
quarters clearly there has been a movement, for example if you look at ADHO the 200, 300, 
500 ml there has been a nearly about 6% basis point change that has happened from let us 
say Q2 of last year versus Q2 of this year, so that is the kind of movement shifts that we are 
seeing, so clearly the answer to that is yes and hence we are also ensuring that we bag these 
SKUs accordingly. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Does this make any impact in the kind of promotional expenditure planning, which you 
would do, the target audience would be slightly different right? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes, so obviously you play that tactically and actually you increase your consumer offers 
accordingly for the larger packs, etc., but notwithstanding the fact that we are also very, 
very, cognizant of what is happening at the lower end. For example, if you see that we have 
just launched our 35 ml, which is Rs.20 pack, which clearly was a gap as far as our 
portfolio was concerned. If you look at we had Re.1, we had Rs.10 and then straightaway 
we went into the Rs.35 with our 50 ml, so there was a clear gap as far as the Rs.20 is 
concerned, which is what we have now just filled up that gap, so we are also cognizant of 
what is happening at the lower end, but yes, at the top end the customer base is different and 
we have been trying to support that with consumer offers. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Thanks a lot Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi Jaideep, congrats on a good set of numbers in these difficult times. I just wanted some 
information on your sales breakup, so the overall sales growth is 5, but can you tell me what 
it was for ADHO and what it was for Nomarks please? 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 25 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Nomarks continue to decline let me start from there, Nomarks continue to decline, but for 
the first time in the last two quarters at least three quarters if I can say ADHO has shown a 
growth, so that is a good sign so ADHO is at a 2% growth at this stage and the secondary of 
ADHO has grown at 5%, so that is a good thing where we are not building up inventory, but 
at least there has been a good growth that is coming up. So ADHO has grown, Amla 
obviously very small base, so that has grown, so overall hair oils have grown at a decent 
clip, but we have obviously had setback from our Nomarks range clearly. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sanitizer contribution to overall sales would be how much? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
As I said 5% is both Amla and sanitizer put together, and sanitizer is lower than Amla. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But Amla is there in the base also right? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Amla is there on the base, but as you can understand per se last year Amla was not one of 
the large focus areas, it is not a large focus area even today, but clearly we have because we 
had the advantage of the rural distribution through vans, so obviously we wanted to do a bit 
of rural selling, so that is where we have gone in as well as we see some of the urban 
markets like you see Rajasthan, Punjab, MP, some of these larger Amla markets were even 
in the rural large pack sell, so we have also introduced our 300, 500 ml, and we see a 
tactical opportunity as far as the Re.1 pack is concerned, so those three packs have got 
introduced in Amla and hence again it is a very similar situation as the e-commerce 
numbers as far as we are concerned, the bases are small so the numbers look high, but 
anyway we need to see how the future pans out. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly can you tell me what were your distributor days as of June 30, 2020 and what they 
were as of September 30, 2020? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
If you look at the non-sanitizer and I would like to spread out, obviously sanitizer we have 
some distributor days so I will clearly say that and that is something we are seeing how we 
can liquidate that. If you take out the non-sanitizer everything put together Nomarks and the 
entire hair oil category it is exactly at 30 days, it was 30 days in June and 30 days now. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood and lastly on ad spend, in this kind of an environment where ad rates are only 
down and even the intensity although it has come very close to pre-COVID levels there 
might be some gaps there in such kind of a situation there is a 8% ad spend growth so can 
you just break it up a little bit in terms of, is it focused on Amla more because you are 
pushing that or is the growth in ADHO itself the same at around 8%. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 25 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I will just make a technical correction, it is not only ad growth that you see it is ASP 
growth, which is sales promotion as well and as you will recall there is a large amount of 
van selling that we are doing, so large part of the van sales that sits in sales promotion. So 
there is a bit of sales promotion that comes in. Ad spends really remains more or less 
similar. The other correction is a minor correction is that the ad rates have started going up, 
it was low absolutely you are right in Q1 that has started going up so this is 0.2, so there has 
been an increase in ad rates as such and third point is we have also been spending on digital, 
so we have gone into digital, so if you look at absolute to absolute ad spends have remained 
more or less similar because sales have remained similar, ad spends as a percentage to sale 
also remain similar, the growth that you see comes out of sales promotion which is those 
van operations that we have gotten, which itself is returning decent double digit EBITDA 
for us. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood and just one general question on the lockdowns, etc., if I might be permitted, 
the urban growth is lower than rural growth I understand that, but although there have been 
local lockdowns now it is nowhere similar to the initial lockdown we had and I do not think 
there is any shortage of goods in the supply chain or availability at a retail front that is my 
perception I do not know if I am wrong, so is it really true to say that urban growth has been 
affected by lockdowns or is it just that there is a demand erosion in urban, which is showing 
through in the numbers? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I think both if you ask me, I really will not be able to comment absolutely whether there is a 
demand erosion or not because that is something that you will have to give one or two more 
quarters to see whether there is a structural change in the market dynamics itself or not that 
is a little large statement to make, we can all speculate but that is a little difficult, but at this 
stage clearly what you are saying is correct urban demand is definitely on the upswing, 
September clearly showed even better than what we saw even July, August and April to 
June anyway was a disaster and the other side is if you look at internally from our 
perspective we have been also very, very rural focus till July, August if I were to be specific 
not even July till August we are very rural specific both in terms of the way we approach 
the market, the way we approach our TV spends, which we are tweaked to ensure that we 
get higher GRPs in the rural markets of UP, Bihar, the Jharkhand, Rajasthan, MP, all these 
markets, so obviously we have performed much better than what we see as far as the market 
difference is concerned between urban and rural. The other side to look at it is maybe there 
is more scope for us in the urban markets because if rural has grown so much and urban not 
that much maybe there is scope for urban markets, which is where maybe we will focus 
which is where we have shifted our focus from September onwards where we are also 
spending some there as well. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right Sir, that is all. Thanks and all the best. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shalini Gupta from Quantum Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Shalini Gupta: 
I have a couple of questions, you know our raw material prices basically your Mustard Oil 
prices have started moving up so have you taken any kind of price increase during the 
quarter? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
At this moment if you look at the LLP prices are clearly going up so the prices have gone 
up from 50.79, which we had reported in the investor presentation, at this moment it is 
sitting at 52 so you are right absolutely there and so as RMO, RMO prices is now at about 
108 from where it was in Q2, but at this stage given the market demand, etc., we would 
rather tweak with the other components of the expense numbers, so more on the overheads 
that we will be looking at whether to tweak to ensure that we protect our EBITDA margins, 
not really looking at an increase in prices. At this moment we would rather wait for the 
demand to come back rather than look at it. As you are aware only one third of our cost is 
raw material cost, so that has a one third impact as far as gross margins are concerned 
accordingly, so every 3% increase to the material cost has 1% impact on the EBITDA 
margin, so we would rather wait rather than jump so quickly to our decision making and 
RMO and LLP are not the only contributors, the two put together the increase let us say if 
the average increase is 4% in these two put together the total RMC plus PMC that is the 
material cost increase will be about 2% so anyway that will be half. If you look at that is a 
one sixth impact on the EBITDA margin, etc., so we would rather not so hurry so fast and 
we will also monitor the market, we will see what the other bigger players are doing and 
accordingly react. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Sir and then just correct me if I am wrong, you said that the focus for Bajaj Consumer will 
be on the larger packs, but actually the consumer is more and more value seeking now, so 
would you not want to focus on the smaller packs because that is what the average 
consumer wants? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Interesting question Shalini. So the point is the consumer is value seeking they are not 
looking for a lower value pack, value seeking is more value for money whereby you are 
looking for higher ml per rupee spent, so that is where a clear shift has happened, the shift is 
happening according to me for two, so one is obviously they are value seeking so they are 
looking for larger packs, which give them a larger ml for the pack size that is there. The 
other is obviously for the COVID situation itself where you would make lesser trips to the 
marketplace not everything is about online so when you are physically going to the shops 
you would want to buy a bigger pack so that you have to make fewer trips to the market, so 
obviously we see that trend happening and hence we have been tactically looking at that, 
but we as you rightly said it is also and I just touched upon the initial thing itself, but we are 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 25 
also very, very cognizant of what is happening at the lower end, so that Re.1 pack is already 
there so then you have the Rs.10, which is not really a large selling SKU, but Rs.20 is 
coming out as one of the large categories itself Rs.20 is the highest growing category as far 
as hair oil purchase is concerned that is where we have also introduced, also because of the 
fact that there was a large gap between the 10 and 35, so that is something that is very 
clearly in our focus just because the fact that contribution of these larger packs are going up 
does not mean that we have lost focus, for us ADHO is bread and butter, so we look at all 
the SKUs, we do all the cuts at all levels whether be it at state level, whether be it at channel 
level, retail, wholesale hub, at the channel level, retail level, as well as SKU level we do all 
the cuts and look at where we are going wrong or what corrections need to be done and we 
keep reacting up on it. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Like the ADHO at one point of time not too far that used to grow at 8%, 10%, 12%, so do 
we see that kind of growth returning this quarter we have done well as in that we have 
grown I think the 2% of ADHO so do you see this in the third quarter and fourth quarter? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
There are three factors if I would say as to how ADHO can go, one is obviously gain 
market share. Gaining market share within the category itself where you have a 60 plus 
market share if you categorize something “light hair oil” category, which from last year we 
have stopped calling ourselves as a light hair oil player, so if you if you do not have a larger 
share and if you reach a 60, 65, that kind of a market share, the way is really difficult to 
really keep on growing market shares, so the only other two ways is you will share from 
other category or you basically grow the market itself, you grow that market itself within 
the sub market so to say, so these are the two things that anyway we will keep pushing, so 
ADHO as you are aware we have just restaged so a lot of advertisements and new 
advertisements just being shot in fact it was shot yesterday so it will be coming up in the 
next two, three weeks on TV you will be able to see plus integrated marketing as I talked 
about, so a lot of things we are anyway do. As far as ADHO is concerned we are doing 
whatever is possible, but we will also be looking at our other four hair oil portfolio, our hair 
oil portfolio and looking at other brands as well, so it is not the only ADHO while 
obviously all our entire trust, effort, etc., will go on to back ADHO, but we will also be 
keeping a watch on the other portfolios. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Last question from my end. Sir like modern trade obviously has declined for everybody, so 
last quarter that is first quarter you had put out a figure that is declining by 23% and nothing 
in general do not want to go into supermarkets because of the air conditioning and whatever 
else so would you say that the decline is similar in 20% upwards? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
In you do a simple math and you look at where e-commerce is part of that alternate trade 
and if e-commerce itself has grown by 300% that is four times so obviously modern trade 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 25 
would have grown lower, obviously there is a CSD component as well, both of them have 
had growths, the declines which are higher than the number that is reported that is pretty 
obvious, so clearly that is the area where the country is struggling as far as the Nielsen 
numbers are concerned, the numbers are lower as well as we have also not done any better 
than the marketplace. The only good solace is that we have not done worse than what the 
Nielsen numbers coming out of, but that in itself is not good enough, we need to do our own 
effort to ensure that we grow, our market shares are too low really speaking we should not 
worry about what Nielsen growth numbers are, there is enough and more for us to be done 
so that is what we should focus on. 
Shalini Gupta: 
So modern trade for you would be what percentage of sales Sir? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Shalini can you come back in the queue please? 
Shalini Gupta: 
Yes Sir okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sir first question pertains to your opening commentary about rural recovery and in fact 
across categories, across industries also we are hearing the same, but now when we look at 
the numbers in auto and NBFCs recoveries or even microfinance the numbers are very 
sharp from rural recovery perspective, but even after calling out all the factors of rural 
recovery our numbers or in general FMCG also our hair oil in particular the recovery has 
not that been sharp so any insights on here? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I do not know how you see those numbers, so obviously I can only speak for what we see in 
our hair oils industry and related consumer goods industry so because all markets all 
different segments operate very, very differently the triggers for them are very, very 
different. As far as our markets are concerned clearly as I was saying we see also urban 
coming back, earlier the growth rates in urban was in double digits now it is coming back 
and it is really slowly hitting close to normal as in the base, so that is where I can go back 
from, but from our own perspective as we were saying because we were so rural focused 
etc., our growth rate rural has been spectacular compared to urban, so we have to go much 
higher than the numbers that we are seeing as far as Nielsen reports are concerned, so rural 
has really been the star for us, urban more or less is where we are very similar to what 
numbers we are seeing as well as decline. 
Tejas Shah: 
That comparison is on relative basis to urban, but if you let us say compare rural two years 
back or three years back when it was relatively doing better are you seeing traction versus 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 25 
those let us say if you index it to a particular point two years back are you seeing recovery 
versus that point as well or is it largely urban and rural comparison is actually leading us to 
believe rural recovery? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Are you talking of our business or are you talking of other business? 
Tejas Shah: 
No, your business. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
If you look at our business as I said urban used to be higher than rural as you are aware, 
urban was 55%, rural was about 45%, that is how or maybe 47%, 48% to 52% kind of a 
thing, now that numbers have got reversed for us at this stage and that is for both reasons 
one is the rural markets, I do not want to get into that because you have heard that enough, 
which is rural markets are far more open, etc., etc., so that is all. The other is we have taken 
a specific drive-to-drive rural for the last four or five months so SKUs introduced, all the 
van operations plus all the trade, etc., that is whatever we have done, so rural clearly is 
something that we wanted to gain another tactical opportunity that opened up for us, we 
wanted to take advantage of it and a lot of learnings have come up from those markets 
where we will continue the drive forward. Now coming back from September onwards we 
have realized that urban is also coming back we need to focus back on urban, so a bit of 
shift has happened towards urban and now we are focusing on urban. My thought is that 
now you will see rural growth may be tempering or remaining there if we can, those are 
stellar growths I do not know whether we can remain at those levels, but we would 
obviously attempt to, but clearly urban growth is something that we will focus on and I 
hope in Q3 we should be reporting good numbers as far as urban is concerned absolutely. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sir just a last question from my side. Sir this is now this September we completed ninth 
year of acquiring Uptown Leasing, which was supposed to be our head office or we were 
supposed to consolidate our different offices in one place, now that is 140 or 150 Crores of 
non-growth capital sitting on a balance sheet for now almost a long period and even now I 
believe there is no visibility of next two, three years, so any comment on that how do we 
see because even groups aspiration in terms of because we had a plan to consolidate group 
entities also at that office, so group aspirations also would have changed in the last nine 
years, so any comment on that and in continuity on that point how should we see now 
dividend policy considering that half year has gone by and there is much more better 
visibility on in terms of cash flow generation and crisis ahead pertaining to pandemic 
particularly? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Interesting points Tejas one question, but clearly two questions completely different, so let 
me handle one at a time. So start with our Uptown investment, so Uptown investment as 
you are aware, you have covered that in a complete detail as to why it was done, etc., etc., 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 25 
so I have nothing further to add on to that, but clearly as years go by and as market 
dynamics and situation changes you will also keep reviewing, etc., so at this stage the 
thought process of exactly what you said remain, so Uptown investment is there, we have 
been getting our licenses, etc., but the kind of pace that we had put up to set up the building 
and do all the investment and get our licenses we have slowed down because of the current 
situations, etc., so at this moment immediately if you ask for the next one or two years 
whether some big amount construction, etc., will go in etc., I think that is unlikely, but 
really speaking it is not in this thing immediately to take a call on that because we will keep 
seeing as things improve and we will take a call on that. So at this moment it is at status quo 
unlikely that it will change in the next few quarters immediate future, but going forward 
mid-term, etc., I am really not able to speak at this moment, so what will happen after a year 
whether we will get fast scale into construction and really speaking at this moment, but in 
the next two, three quarters unlikely any movement will happen. Now coming to the 
dividend policy, etc., we have gone through that in detail as to how we have taken the 
dividend policy so this policy that we have discussed that this was an aberration year and it 
is not something that we will continue to follow year-on-year that stance remains while it is 
the Board’s call to decide as to what the given policy is, lot of the points that all of you guys 
had said, I have put it in front of the Board, etc., they have taken cognizance of your points 
and this is something that we hope will get corrected in time to come, so really speaking 
nothing to worry about that. 
Tejas Shah: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Doshi: 
Sir, on the Vistaar strategy and of course because of COVID we had put on hold and our 
original target our vision of doubling our market share from 10% to 20% rather than only 
light hair oil to the hair oil so what is the kind of with this clarity that you have now, any 
thoughts on that point because I think last quarter you mentioned that it is currently put on 
hold we will see how things pan out? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I will correct myself once again. I realized that my communication I think it was my maybe 
shortcoming that my communication did not come out well in the last quarter, I actually did 
not mean that it has been put on hold what I tried to say is that, that at this moment all the 
aspects of Vistaar strategy, which was a 360 approach towards all markets, etc., that had 
been put on hold and we were reacting based on what all is required for the marketplace 
tactically, so that strategy continues and as the quarter is eased up, etc., lot of the things that 
have come out of the strategy as well as our own internal understanding we have actually 
been proliferating across markets. As I had said last time itself by March we had completed 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 25 
all our Hindi speaking markets wherever you are of interest those markets we have already 
got a full-fledged strategy as to what to do, how to do, etc. Now all of it is getting 
implemented and something more as we understand the market as the market dynamics are 
changing obviously at that time rule, focus, etc., was not that strong those are also we are 
incorporating that so that strategy is very much there with us and we are implementing part 
and all of it as and how we deem fit as well as we are adding on to whatever our knowledge 
and experience of the last six months have been or adding on to it and making a 
competitiveness and that is something that will keep going on. The focus on hair oils 
whether we get into some other portfolio or not is a separate point but the absolute focus on 
ADHO and then some of the hair oils, etc., is not something that is going to go. 20% or not 
we will have to see how the market pans out, you will have aspirations, visions, etc., all of 
that but really our job is to ensure we have our strategies right and ensure operational 
excellence to an absolute as best as we can put it, that is the clear focus and as I said the 
clear focus has to be that we need to get our value goals back and that is something that we 
tend to strive for. 
Amit Doshi: 
On the ad spend you know why of course June quarter the Q1 quarter of course had a very 
reduced expense and now it has increased; however, we have been able to maintain margins 
and I remember that in the strategy which we just discussed that you are ready to 
compromise on the margin by increasing the ad spend, etc., so what is your thought of 
trajectory towards our margin and our ad spend, so if you can give some guidance on that? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Obviously I will not be able to give you guidance on that but clearly speaking if you look at 
ad spends is something that is something that is not going to be compromised that is the last 
cost item and that will get compromised, so we will look at a material cost, we look at the 
admin expenses, operating expenses of let us say employee costs, etc., all other costs even 
sales and sales promotion cost, ad spend is the last cost that we will cut because that is the 
easiest to cut, but the impact of it is long-term, so that is not something that we would like 
to touch easily. So ad and sales promotion which remains at 18% will remain thereabouts, 
in fact going forward in case in future if you were to look at something else going forward it 
might go up by a few percentage points, few hundred basis points going forward later, but 
that obviously needs to ensure that we also have a topline growth commensurating against 
that. If I have to just finish that, if you look at the strategy going forward much later and 
this is not a guidance we would look at ensuring that our EBITDA continues to grow not as 
a percentage but definitely as an absolute that is clear focus, so that is something that we 
would want to do and obviously that would mean that the topline needs to commensurately 
go if you have to grow your EBITDA as absolute and the cost goes up. 
Amit Doshi: 
Right, no my point was only that only because initially 18% to 22% ad spent target was 
there and at the cost of EBITDA margin that was what was indicated anyways, I got the 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 25 
answer. The last question is Sir I understand about the sanitizer business you are not kind of 
focusing on because of crowded market or margins, etc., any particular reason with Amla 
oil, why is that you mentioned in your initial participant response that Amla is not the focus 
area, any specific thing that you would want to highlight considering that now we want to 
move from light hair oil to a hair oil company, especially in that? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I am sorry that must be again my miscommunication or my tendency to say things which 
are not represented correctly by me itself, so I did not mean that Amla is not a focus area 
what I meant was ADHO will remain our absolute focus area, but we will also be 
strengthening some part of our other portfolios. At this stage as we go forward in the next 
one or two quarters it will be the hair oil space that we will continue to work on and some 
of the other brands will also come into play, yes. Sorry, so please ignore that other part if I 
meant that Amla will not be a focus, so all the products other than ADHO where we feel we 
have some rights to win of some kind we will continue to play on those as well. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay, thank you so much and wish you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna Nagpal from Latin Manharlal 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Nagpal: 
Sir I have one question is that what are your views on any M&A, which might take place 
because of the cash which we have? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
M&A, Krishna that is an important question and this is something that we take it pretty 
seriously, but in my view, there are two sides to the M&A, which I personally look at. One 
is look at domestic M&A, which is within the country, history says at least in my mind 
whatever history shows most of the consumer goods company whichever M&As have been 
done at the valuations that they have been acquired really speaking not money is there to be 
made after that is how I personally see it and I may be absolutely wrong, but that is how our 
personal feel. So M&As within India valuations look too high, so this is something that we 
will treat cautiously and tactically, if opportunities arise definitely yes, but outside the 
country we look at specific pockets and I do not want to get into which pocket, if 
opportunities are there this is something that we would be interested in, but at this stage if 
you look at specifically this year this financial year our focus would be mean to get our 
house even stronger in order and going forward maybe next year onwards that is also a 
market the international market is something that we might be wanting to focus on, but at 
this stage I am not giving any guidance on that nor I am saying it is a part of our strategy. 
Krishna Nagpal: 
Okay Sir, Sure Sir. Thank you, Sir! 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi Jaideep congratulations for good setting. I have got three questions. The first question is 
purely on the channels and as I say that you mentioned that modern trade has not come up 
to the expectation, is there anything you will call out any specific geography you are facing 
this issue, what we understand Maharashtra has the biggest lockdown, which is continued, 
so any particular thing, which you would like to highlight? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Modern trade I think two, three factors, so clearly the metro cities have really flunked for us 
so Mumbai, Delhi, so larger cities have really not done well for us, so that is clearly the 
indication that is coming up. The other thing that we see is not specifically geographically I 
do not think it is a much of a geography issue, but this larger city is clearly one issue. The 
second thing that we see is one of the larger chains really had liquidity issues and where we 
had a large exposure, so as far as credit is concerned is no more a concern obviously, but 
that has obviously which was sitting on our base has not come back this year, so that also 
has had an impact on our business, but other than that more or less I do not see 
fundamentally we have anything wrong as far as the business is concerned that is something 
that we hope in Q3, Q4 will revive and our focus also remains in that area. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
You touched upon the wholesale recovery will you be able to quantify a little more where 
we see Tier-3, Tier-4 what kind of contribution the wholesale is now come back and what is 
the future you are looking in wholesale? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Wholesale in fact in the quarter actually was flat, so as I said urban markets were down, but 
wholesale has been flat in the quarter and this is against July, which was negative so that is 
a good sign that wholesale is now coming back and retail is where we still have some more 
work to do so that is as far as wholesale is concerned, sorry, you had another question on 
that? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No what I was asking that what is the wholesale contribution is now settling? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I would rather not get into the exact numbers as I said urban to rural divide is what just at 
this moment I can share with you which is 52% to 48% from earlier as I said from 56% 
urban, and 44% rural it has now moved to 48% urban and 52% rural that is what it has been 
and as you can understand wholesale has been done a little better than rural markets, I think 
I will leave it at that at this stage. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 25 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
On the international front you have shown a significant growth is there anything that you 
would like to call out saying that are we expanding the footprint or in the similar 
geographies you have seen the growth and what could be the reason of growth? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
The growth numbers again these are all so low bases really speaking I would not get too 
hung up on the growth numbers itself. First and foremost we are not increasing our footprint 
as far as international markets are concerned, as I said earlier international market is not one 
of our large focus areas in this year, but operationally obviously we would like to tighten 
every single area that we operate in, so obviously some basic work has been happening in 
each of the markets that we operate in which is UAE, Bangladesh, Nepal and rest of world 
is a separate thing, so some bit of growth that you see, but the bases are so low really 
speaking nothing to talk about, maybe going forward we will see what to do in these 
markets. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
In case of Amla you have seen that we have restaged the focus, so is it that we will expand 
our franchise and footprint on one of our stronger markets of ADHO likes of UP, Bihar, 
Rajasthan, is that the strategy which you are banking on from the distribution point of view 
or you are really trying to expand the value for money downtrading, which is happening in 
the market? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Not really, all products you will treat it based on the product itself, so Amla specifically if 
you look at, all these data is available somewhere at least with us, for example if you look at 
the Nielsen data for the market itself that 1600 Crores market where the main markets are, 
those are those seven, eight markets. Fortunately for us it is the same markets where we are 
strong so that is a big advantage for us it is not the south or eastern part of the country 
where Amla is very, very strong, so most of the markets other than maybe Maharashtra we 
have a good presence there and the fact that it is also a rural driven brand other than Dabur 
Amla, which is obviously more urban most of the other Amla is sold rural base, which is 
where we are focused on, so tactically it has been an advantage for us and strategically we 
think clearly there is some space for us to play, so that is where we continue to see how it 
moves. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Alright, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Most of the questions have been answered, just two small questions, one is this growth 
numbers of 5% in Q2 and 6% negative in H1 these are value can you just give us the 
volume numbers for Q2 and H1 and my second question is obviously you mentioned that 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 18 of 25 
we are going slow on a sanitizer market, but apart from sanitizer are we planning any new 
products other than the oil category? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
As far as the volume growth is concerned it is actually same as the value growth it is at 5% 
the same, so from this year we have started calculating the volume numbers in kilo liters 
because earlier we use to report that in cases, so we are also looking at numbers as far as 
kilo liters is concerned and basically liters is concerned so that is absolutely at the same 
level as the value growth which is at 5% and that answers the question. As far as the new 
products are concerned, if you look at this moment in the next two quarters you will not see 
any new products coming out it is more on focus on the brands that we have so as you are 
aware anti-grey hair oil was launched two quarters back that is something that we will focus 
on the digital this thing, Amla is obviously a range that we have started doing a bit of focus 
on and as well as ADHO will remain key focus, so we really do not want to dilute too much 
before we have our strategy as to where we want to go and that is not something that you 
will see in the next two quarters at least so this is where our main focus will be at this 
moment. 
Dixit Doshi: 
So nothing on the cards other than the oil is that understanding right? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Not in the next one or two quarters. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay, that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
Sir could you tell me historically what is it that stops us from breaking into the South Indian 
market? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
There is nothing that stops us from breaking into the South Indian market, it is mainly as 
you are aware the nature of the market itself and the nature of the products that we sell. 
Now our portfolio is as you are aware over 90% of it comes from Almond Drop hair oil and 
Badam as a product does not really sink in, in the southern markets itself, so it does not 
have too much of salience as the southern markets are concerned, which is obviously a large 
coconut market as well as even if you have some of the value added coconuts it is more or 
less restricted to that. Having said that yes there have been because of our rural drive and 
some of our efforts as well we have been looking at the south and let us see how the future 
pans out, at this moment I would rather keep that open and let us see how the market pans 
out, at this moment we have not focused, till now we have not focused on south mainly 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 19 of 25 
because Almond Drop is not something that has a large salience or Badam, Almond itself 
does not have much salience in the South that is the reason we have not got that. 
Umang Shah: 
This is very helpful Sir. Sir second question is the CSD trouble started I think with the name 
change and after that our sales have never recovered there, this also coincided with them 
reducing their own procurement overall, so going forward do we see the sales coming back 
to the previous level or for us CSD is no longer the place at which it was earlier? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
If you look at the name change that happened and after that we actually lost sale last year 
first quarter that is where the sale had actually gone off so if you look at H1, if you look at 
not the quarter but H1 quarter again we declined yes you are absolutely right, but if you 
look at half year the CSD numbers are flat, actually flat because first quarter because there 
was a low base near zero base we had grown on that, but having said that one of the key 
things that we need to do as far as CSD is concerned is monitor our own accounts a little 
better I think that is something that we can clearly do much better on and going forward I 
think we need to do a little bit more focus on CSD, CSD is not something that can be that 
will go away while because of the regulations, etc., CSD demand has come down I think 
there is a lot of work that we need to do from our end which is something that we would 
want to focus on, so I do not know when we will be able to do that, but that is something 
that we need to come back, that is not a channel we can ignore or would want to ignore. 
Umang Shah: 
Just a small part what was the peak level of CSD that we are doing, and can we reach there 
in percentage of sales? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I really do not know these are very speculative questions because in terms of absolute 
number if you want to reach, the percentage will depend upon how you are doing in general 
trade, modern trade, e-commerce, etc. 
Umang Shah: 
Any absolute number is fine. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
At this moment if you ask me I do not think we have got that kind of a clear strategy as far 
as the CSD is concerned, which I can tell you that clearly these are the numbers that we can 
reach out, clearly this is something that is work in progress and maybe by the next quarter 
we will have a little more story to tell on the CSD, but at this moment I am not able to say 
so. 
Umang Shah: 
Sure Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 20 of 25 
VP Rajesh: 
Most of my questions have been answered, just one question. My question is just trying to 
understand the revenues from Nomarks in this particular quarter and what was the decline 
year-over-year? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Nomarks has declined and the decline has been about 30%. 
VP Rajesh: 
What was the revenue this quarter? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Let us keep it at that, it is about 30% and the revenues are not very substantial. 
VP Rajesh: 
But what I was trying to understand is if you exclude Nomarks and exclude sanitizer what 
would have been the decline year-over-year that is really what I am trying to get at or 
growth, if you take out sanitizers from this quarter and if you take out Nomarks from this 
quarter what is the year-over-year growth or decline whatever it was? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
There will be a marginal growth in the quarter. 
VP Rajesh: 
That is helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
I would like to know exactly how much is the contribution of a new product or new SKUs 
in this quarter or maybe half year and is there any strategy to push for new these type of 
things like new product or new SKU sales? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
As far as the new SKUs there are no new products which were introduced as far as the new 
SKUs are concerned the salience of these are marginal, so really speaking we have just been 
launching them, in September, in August actually 300 ml, 500 ml of Amla came into the 35 
ml, which is the Rs.20 pack also came into being in the forward, so really speaking the 
numbers at this stage are marginal so we will have to see how the numbers pan out in Q3. 
Sunil Jain: 
Second question about this Nomarks no doubt our sales are declining and we are not 
focused but the way it is declining it looks like we may not have this brand in over a period 
of time whereas when you spend a lot of money on that and this is somewhere there in the 
market, so do not you think you need to support a bit in this, to this brand at least to 
maintain the sales so whenever the opportunity comes you can increase it? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
You are absolutely right, while in terms of our effort and direction ADHO remains the key 
focus area some of the other hair oils as well we are looking at Nomarks more as a 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 21 of 25 
experimental thing as to what we want to do about it and where at a little lower cost if we 
can come back in some other way, so we are internally trying out certain things at this 
moment I do not want to talk about it because there is not much to say at this stage, but 
hopefully some of the experiments we will see how they pan out and maybe by the next 
quarter we will be able to say something if at all it works. 
Sunil Jain: 
Okay, great sir. Thank you very much and all the best for future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just had one key question on the Rs.20 pack that you spoke about that Nielsen is saying is 
going the fastest in the hair oil segment so in your opinion is this to do with the fact that 
rural is growing faster than urban, which is probably the only relevant reason why it is 
growing so fast and also the second thing on that is if this continues to be a faster growing 
SKU how does that impact mix and profitability for the segment? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
The profitability will not get really impacted so really speaking if you look at the entire 
ADHO portfolio the gross margins remain between 60% to 63% right up to 72% or so, so 
more or less it plays between that the average of 65%, 66% these are the kind of numbers 
that you make, so really speaking not too much worry as far as gross margins are 
concerned, but the fact that you said, yes, is it for the rural market etc., yes, rural market 
uptick clearly is backing this product so at this stage Rs.20 package is going well in the 
rural market, very initial signs to, and going forward as I said earlier, clearly that was a gap 
in our portfolio itself so whether Rs.20 would have come up from Nielsen as a gap or not as 
a fastest growing market or not we would have anywhere launch this Rs.20 because there 
was a gap there and we do not want in ADHO any gaps to be there, so this was something 
that was anyway envisage is just hasten the launch because we saw this is a market, which 
is growing that is it. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it, thank you for this, thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Congratulations on a decent set of results. Also like to thank you that this is probably the 
first time in the quarter where we have seen the conference call invite being posted on the 
BSE website I hope these small, small incremental positive changes keep happening as you 
have taken over the company. Secondly on a dividend side I could not understand you said 
that this was an aberration the last year was an aberration so does it mean that from this 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 22 of 25 
financial year onwards we will continue on the dividend policy that we had FY2019 and 
before that? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
As I said again more than an aberration it was an exception for an exceptional year and 
while I will not be able to give guidance on the dividend itself because that is not a call that 
I take that is the call that the Board takes, but I would like to assume and think that should 
not keep changing year-on-year this was exceptional year and I would like to think that this 
was an exception. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Secondly now these days we are seeing a lot of online only brands as well as even in the 
hair oil segment you see plenty of new players trying to sort of enter into this area 
especially at the premium end of the range because now they are able to kind of bypass the 
traditional distribution route and sell their products via online only medium, so given that 
how do you look at this threat to us because there are a lot of healthy or premium sort of 
options, which are available to the customers now and they are also digitally advertising 
their brands and promoting it very heavily on some of the Amazons of the world, etc., so 
how do you see this threat and what is going to be your strategy to kind of save the 
company or save our own brand from the potential fall in sales because of this? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes, I do not see it as a threat I rather see it as an opportunity because if you look at the 
price points are so different we were looking at hair care products, which was Rs.1000 for 
30 ml, so I really do not see, whatever else we could do in ADHO how that customer is 
going to be the same customer really speaking this is now talking of growing the market 
and basically hair care being the larger format rather than hair oils as such, so the chances 
of losing to these customers yes obviously there will be some lapses and some gainers from 
various areas so really speaking it is not a large set that we are really worried about that we 
will lose ADHO sales to a significant amount or even some percentage points I do not see 
that happening, we will keep monitoring this phase obviously, but I see this as an 
opportunity and this is something that many companies would want to jump into the 
bandwagon as traditional FMCG companies most of us are not that well equipped to handle 
this kind of change in consumer behaviors, the way you reach to the consumer, etc., and 
that is something that whoever turns out the best will be the gainer and that is something 
that we will have to keep focusing on as a alternate channel itself not to do with your 
traditional, traditional we do not see it is going to go away very soon so really speaking not 
worried about the traditional channel, traditional business, traditional channel, traditional 
products. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay, thank you Sir and all the best for the coming quarters. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 23 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Imran Khan from Ratna Traya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Imran Khan: 
Sir, just one question and this is maybe more on the brand side not the operations and other 
things. Since we are also selling the other hair oils like Amla, etc., so do you think that, this 
can have an impact, a negative impact on our brand equity and you know hence some 
percentage of the customers may say now that this is also now a you know an Amla brand 
so maybe I will switch to some other premium hair oil or some percentage would say why 
to buy the almond drop now let us buy the cheaper one Amla one, so do you think that this 
can also happen and do you see any signs of this happening because you are already selling 
it? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
You have actually introduced three things, one is the company, one is the brand, and the 
other is the category, so three things jumbled up in one question and you have to ask as a 
consumer what do you look for, do you look for the brand, do you look for the company, 
and do you look for the category, actually you look for all three and there is a crazy 
intermix between the three of them. In this particular case Almond Drops hair oil clearly is 
a category leader, there are brands which are available in almond whichever way you would 
like to say that at nearly half the price at 60% the price ADHO salience still remains strong, 
that should tell us as far as the category is concerned how we stand. As far as the company 
is concerned really speaking I am not worried about how because you are not getting into 
something which is really, really cheap or really something completely different, I am not 
very sure Almond Oil users really will shift to an Amla Oil because the company which was 
the parent company launched that particular product these products were always there, if 
you look at Brahmi Amla hair oil is how Bajaj was famous for the earlier days, so brands 
get built not really companies, companies are obviously associated with brands, but in this 
particular case brands actually have to say in many, many consumer goes you will know the 
brand rather than even the company, so really speaking not too worried about Almond Drop 
customers downgrading to Amla, yes some of it will get downgraded, some of it will be 
lapses, some of it will be gainers from some other categories at the end of it if one plus one 
turns out to be three that is good enough. 
Imran Khan: 
We do not say what about the other part let us say if somebody says now Bajaj is also in 
Amla so why not buy some other premium can this happen? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Sorry come again, can you repeat that question please? 
Imran Khan: 
Sir my question is since right now our large part of the focus was on ADHO right and if we 
start advertising let us say more Amla also right, which some customers may feel that this is 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 24 of 25 
a cheaper hair oil or this is not a premium hair oil so those premium customers may feel like 
that let us move on to some other premium hair oil? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I am not able to understand that, most companies will have absolute ultra premium range 
and right to the absolute economy value for money range, in fact most companies will have 
three, four, five categories within the 10 product categories really speaking I do not see how 
brand interplays happen for a single company I am really not worried we are a premium 
customer because Bajaj has really introduced something else goes to that unlikely or the 
value of the company deteriorates because it has launched also another value back I think 
that has been smarter than that. 
Imran Khan: 
Alright thank you Sir thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naman Kumar an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Naman Kumar: 
My question is with respect to in continuance of Uptown property someone asked, so what I 
understand is this is some land parcels in Mumbai right so can you please let me know what 
is the total size of land parcel and what could be the latest valuation of that? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Mr. Maloo can you respond to this question? 
Dilip Kumar Maloo: 
The total FSI is 85000 square feet available to us for building and the market value is 
around 140 Crores. 
Naman Kumar: 
Other thing was I think it got discussed earlier as well like the plan is to build a corporate 
office and which will house the other Bajaj group as well I know the plan is not for the 
coming one year or two years it may materialize in third year or maybe fourth year, I just 
wanted to know when other Bajaj Group companies come and set up their offices in the 
building which will be built is there a plan to charge rental from them? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
That will be at arm’s length, even you are required to do so and it will be absolutely at 
arm’s length at market valuations yes absolutely. 
Naman Kumar: 
Okay got it and then at any point in time historically has that analysis been done how much 
is the cost involved in building like project and how much is the rental other group 
companies will begin just to know like how much capital will get used and if the building 
gets built and how much return or how much earnings one can expect from that capital 
deployment? 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
October 19, 2020 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes, Mr. Maloo you want to answer that or I can take that if you want? 
Dilip Kumar Maloo: 
Yes, you can take that. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
As far as the rental returns are concerned as I said it will be based on the market valuations 
etc., really speaking I do not think there are some method calculations, which have been 
done as to how much will be the rental return and hence the IRR calculations, etc., it was 
more to build the corporate office, more to build that image, etc., for the organization so 
really speaking an IRR calculation from that angle would not have been done, but clearly it 
can be done, we can look at the current rentals, etc., and try and extrapolate what would 
happen after three years and what kind of floor space you will be giving to the various 
companies, etc., those calculations can be done, but at this stage it will be theoretical and 
has not been done. 
Naman Kumar: 
Yes, fair enough, maybe when the time comes then we may have more clarity on that. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Absolutely. 
Naman Kumar: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you everyone for an extremely engaging interaction today. It gives us also a lot of 
introspection possibilities and also scope for us to improve as a company because you all 
have so much of experience across various industries, etc., and whatever you say we try and 
factor it in our thing as long as it makes sense for us. So we appreciate your valued advice 
and feedback and we will continue to seek them as we go forward even beyond these 
conference calls. So from the entire team of Bajaj Consumer I take this opportunity to wish 
you and your families a very, very happy festive season, stay safe, stay healthy and while 
signing off I wish that the economy and the businesses across the country recovers and 
revise in the second half of the year, so best of luck to all of you, best of luck to us, and 
everybody else. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
bajaj coNsUMER cARE 
