 
Cyient Ltd.        4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software                             CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
                            Units Layout, Madhapur                                        www.cyient.com 
                            Hyderabad -500 081                                               Company.secretary@cyient.com 
                            India                                                                           T +91 40 6764 1000  
                                                                                                                F +91 40 2311 0352 
 
27 October 2020 
 
 
The BSE Limited                                                              
PJ Towers                                                                        
Dalal Street                                                                      
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 532175 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd                    
Exchange Plaza,    
 
      
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                               
Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: CYIENT 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the earnings conference call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q2 FY21 earnings conference call conducted after the 
meeting of board of directors held on 15 October 2020.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
For Cyient Limited 
 
 
Ravi Kumar Nukala                                                                                                                                                                                
Dy. Company Secretary 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Cyient Limited Q2 FY21 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. B.V.R. MOHAN REDDY – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN, 
CYIENT LIMITED 
                                    MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. KARTHIKEYAN NATARAJAN – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. AJAY AGGARWAL – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the Cyient Limited Q2 FY '21 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Cyient's Earnings Call for the 
Second Quarter of FY21. I am Krishna Bodanapu – the Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer of Cyient. Present with me on this call are our Executive Chairman – Dr. B.V.R. Mohan 
Reddy; President and Chief Financial Officer – Mr. Ajay Aggarwal; and President and Chief 
Operating Officer – Mr. Karthik Natarajan. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's discussions 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement 
in this regard is available on our investor update, which has been e-mailed to you and also is 
posted on our corporate website. This call will be accompanied by an earnings presentation, 
details of the same have been shared with you. 
With this, let me first take you through the highlights for the quarter: 
We posted revenue of Rs. 10,033 million or Rs. 1,003.3 crores. This signifies a growth of 1.2% 
on a QoQ basis. In U.S. dollar terms, we posted revenue of $135 million, which is a growth of 
3.4% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and 1.3% on a constant currency basis. Services revenue 
stood at $114.1 million, which signifies a growth of 1.7% on a QoQ basis and a slight degrowth 
on a constant currency. 
EBIT margin stood at 11% for the quarter, higher by 586 bps on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Services EBIT is at 12.2% for the quarter, higher quarter-on-quarter by 542 bps, primarily from 
improvements in operational efficiency. 
DLM revenue, the design-led manufacturing revenue for the quarter stood at $20.9 million, 
which is up by 13.3% on a sequential basis. The EBIT margin of DLM also stood at 4.7% for 
the quarter, which is higher by 926 bps quarter-on-quarter, primarily because of the mix and the 
quality of revenue. 
Net profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 839 million or Rs. 83.9 crores, which is a growth of 3% 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. FCF is over Rs. 200 crores for the quarter and for the second 
consecutive quarter, mainly driven by better collections, reduction in DSO by 10 days, tax and 
capex optimization. And I would say, this is a very significant achievement because this is in 
spite of the fact that in Q1 we had a government benefit with SEIS, which is not there in Q2, and 
that was a significant amount of, I think, about Rs. 52 crores which means that in spite of that 
we still have done quite well on our cash collection. Free cash flow to EBITDA conversion now 
stands at 131.4% for the quarter. 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Coming to the business highlights for the quarter: 
You may have seen an announcement where we announced the intent to acquire IG Partners to 
strengthen our digital capabilities in the energy and mining industry. We believe mining is an 
interesting new avenue for us, where a fair amount of digital technologies are being used. IG 
Partners’ consulting, advisory and technology capability, along with our digital capability, gives 
us a unique value proposition for our clients, which we will be able to deliver to the mining 
industry. 
We have entered into a manufacturing collaboration with Agappe to bring world-class diagnostic 
capabilities to rural India. We will manufacture some key components of their Mispa Count X 
product. And as you know, digital healthcare is becoming more prevalent, especially in a place 
like India where there is a fair amount of need for digital healthcare and low-cost devices. We 
now have a very strong proposition for this market, along with the work that we do for some of 
the others like Molbio, etc. With this transformation in healthcare and with the prevalence of 
digital health care, we believe we are very well placed to accelerate our growth in that particular 
market, both with design and also with manufacturing. 
We also are certified as a gold status partner in the Esri network. It's an important asset for our 
geospatial business, and this will significantly improve the pipeline of deals that come through 
because of this. For the eighth or ninth year Boeing has acknowledged us as a Silver Performance 
Partner, which is an important testament to the work that we do with them. 
Lastly, we are bringing all our sustainability and CSR initiatives together under one umbrella, 
and the aim is to build synergies, optimize resources and maximize the impact that the Cyient 
Foundation will have through the outreach programs. We are doing this through a brand umbrella 
called 'Empowering Tomorrow Together'. This is a play on our brand promise of designing 
tomorrow together. So, the Empowering Tomorrow Together initiative will cover our activities 
in the four focus areas of education, digital literacy, social innovation and community 
development. 
Lastly, we have strengthened the Board. Mr. Ramesh Abhishek, a retired Indian Administrative 
Services officer of the 1982 batch has joined our Board. Mr. Abhishek has more than 37 years 
of experience as one of the senior bureaucrats. Many of you may have also heard about him in 
the context of Make in India, which was something that he spearheaded in launching. It has been 
incredibly helpful to us in understanding the intent and also helping us derive opportunities as 
more and more companies look at India as a viable manufacturing location. 
With this, I would like to hand this call over to Mr. Ajay Aggarwal, who will take you through 
the detailed financial performance. Ajay, over to you.  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Krishna. As usual, I will take you through the revenues and the profitability and cash 
flow. In terms of revenue, as Krishna already talked about, we delivered $135 million of revenue. 
The interesting part is, we have got good revenue in DLM, about 13.3% quarter-on-quarter 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
growth. And we believe that both in terms of the volume, the quality of revenue and thus, the 
margin, we have done very good performance in DLM. And that is something which is 
sustainable over Q3 and Q4 as well. And in terms of where the growth is coming from, Karthik 
will give more color. But primarily transport, communication, medical, these are the verticals in 
services side, which have given us growth quarter-on-quarter. 
In terms of the margin, as you would have seen, we had an expansion of about 586 bps quarter-
on-quarter. And our margin is at about 11%. In terms of the services, our margin is 12.2%. Our 
DLM is at about 5%. And you will see that one of the headwinds we used to have on our overall 
group margin used to be the impact of DLM, that's coming down. That's only about 1% now. 
And as I said, it is sustainable. Most of the improvement in the efficiency has come because of 
the improvement in the operation metrics. 
You would see that our offshoring has improved by about 3%, our utilization is also up by about 
3%. So, I think those two things together itself gives us about 3-3.5% of improvement. And you 
know we have been taking some initiatives over the period on cost reduction. So, all of them are 
showing very nicely. And still, we have some investments that we have made in quarter one. 
And of course, the impact between the quarters keep changing. And also, in terms of the volume 
and absorption, we are also getting benefit. So, I would say that the way we have managed the 
costs, both on variable side as well as on the fixed side, we have been able to get to a flat EBIT 
despite, especially year-on-year, if you see, despite a lot of challenges on the volume side. 
I will just take a minute to explain the margin bridge. As I said, the margin improvement you 
will find from this table 327 bps, mostly from the operational metrics. There will be some 
headwinds in quarter three. We have decided to give the hike to the employees at the bottom of 
the pyramid, about 8,000-odd people, which will be effective 1st October, that will have an 
impact of about 1%. Also, quarter three typically has the mismatch between the billing days and 
the paydays that also impacts by about 1%. But then, of course, we also have some improvements 
that are possible. But marginally, there may be a degrowth in quarter three. But again, I think 
there is still room for improving the operational efficiencies and other levers. And you will see 
that our exit margin will be a little shade higher than the margin that we have delivered here. So 
that's what we feel that whatever we have performed is something which is sustainable, and we 
will deliver a robust margin at the exit of FY21, which will become the basis for financial year 
2022. 
You would have observed, we have a good cash generation during the quarter, the conversion is 
132%. This is mainly coming from the reduction, if you see, the DSO movement itself has 
generated about Rs. 122 crores, that's a 10-day reduction. And also, in terms of the cash position, 
we have a good position of Rs. 1,350.9 crores, which gives us a good headroom to be able to 
take care of the investments that we are working on for fueling the growth. I would also say that 
apart from this, there are initiatives on capex and tax optimization that we are working on. Capex 
we are confident would be considerably lower, and we can really peg capex at 2.5% to 3% of 
the revenue. 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
I also want to also reiterate that there is no change in our payout policy. While you would have 
seen we have not declared any interim dividend, but for the year, we will maintain our payout 
policy of 40-50% of the PAT. This can be either in form of dividend or buyback, and we will let 
you know as we finalize those details during the year. 
With this, I pass on to Karthik to give more insights around the operations.  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Thanks, Ajay. Thanks, Krishna. And as all of us realized three months ago, when we started 
looking at the market, we realized that many of our customers' demand is getting contracted. 
They were facing liquidity crunch issues and supply chain disruptions and their costs were not 
in line, so they needed to rationalize on that. We also saw that the impact was heavy on asset-
heavy industries, whether it is oil and gas, aviation, industrial and transport as compared to asset-
light industries like technology and consumer. 
And with that backdrop, when we really look at it, our business performance for Q2 FY21, I am 
referring to the group column, against each of the business units and quarter-on-quarter 
performance. So, Aerospace and Defense has shown about 10% degrowth, and Communication 
has grown about 7.9%. And the Energy & Utilities has been flat. Transportation, which is the 
rail transport part, has grown about 21.3% QoQ. Portfolio has been about 5.4% and 
Semiconductor has done (-2.3%), Medical technologies and Healthcare has done about 49.4%. 
The key highlights that I would like to bring out is 3.4% quarter-on-quarter growth, constant 
currency of 1.3%. Services grew about 1.7%, the DLM business grew about 13.3%. I also want 
to highlight about the order intake, which is about $127.3 million has grown by 9% quarter-on-
quarter. This is more of a leading indicator for what we are expected to do in the remainder of 
the year. In terms of improvement in margins, which is led by various operational metrics, 
whether it is about offshoring improvement up about 3.2%, and utilization has improved by 
about 4.5%, and also the subcontracting, down by 8% quarter-on-quarter. All this contributed to 
our operational performance. 
I would also like to deep dive by each of the verticals that we operate in, just to give a color in 
terms of what we have seen so far and how are we looking at for the remainder of the year. So, 
we talked about Aerospace and Defense, which continues to face headwinds. And we hope Q3 
or Q4 would be a bottoming quarter, and we are still keeping a close tab on what is happening. 
The good news in the last six, seven weeks has been better than what we expected. We hope the 
same trend continues as we close 2020 and head into 2021. We are still not getting clarity on 
how the budgets would pan out for 2021. In a normal course of year, we would have understood 
by this time how the budgets would come up for the year to come. But in these extraordinary 
times, they are still going through final updates on the budgets. We will probably get to know 
around end of this calendar year. 
Communication, which has seen a growth, which is essentially driven by what we call them as 
the rollout of broadband networks globally as well as the 5G network. And with virtual 
collaboration, working from home, probably increasing the bandwidth demand across both 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
consumer as well as on the enterprises. And that has essentially helped us to grow by 7.9% 
quarter-on-quarter. And also, interesting to note is communication is our largest vertical as of 
Q2 FY21. We are continuing to be positive on this vertical as we start seeing significant 
investment around the network transformation and accelerated deployment of broadband and 
wireless infrastructure globally. 
Rail transportation, which has been the star of the performance in Q2, which has grown by 21%, 
and what is driving this growth is essentially most of the customers did not want to move their 
project closures to the right because the end users were governments. And they wanted to make 
sure that most of the projects are completed on time. And we needed to ensure that we are able 
to meet the schedule and the timeline that is already agreed with them. So, we were almost in 
line with what is expected by our customers, and we have seen a significant ramp up. We 
continue to remain positive for the next couple of quarters as we see a steady recovery on the 
rail and transport industry. 
And in terms of Energy & Utilities, we have seen a flattish growth between last quarter to this 
quarter. And I also want to highlight that we are expecting to see an upside with IG Partners as 
the deal gets approved during this quarter, and we expect to see a momentum on our digital 
transformation journey as well as growth in the mining industry as well. 
Medical Technologies and Healthcare has seen the highest growth as compared to our other 
verticals, though it's small in terms of services. But if you also look at from DLM, I think this 
has really picked up significant momentum in the last three months. We continue to be bullish 
on the Medical Technologies. We also have added a new customer in this segment, which is 
amongst the top three medical device manufacturers. And we continue to be positive about the 
Medical Technologies and Healthcare business. 
Semiconductors have seen a mixed bag, and we won some deals. We also did not see the ramp-
up. We are seeing some delays in terms of customer decisions. And we continue to see softness 
in the vertical for the next couple of quarters. 
Portfolio business has witnessed a growth of 5.4% quarter-on-quarter. And along with Esri Gold 
Partner status that Krishna talked about, we continue to see momentum with opportunities 
around energy and utilities and mining, defense and public sector areas on the geospatial side. 
DLM, which has seen the significant growth of 13.3%, one thing I want to add to this, we are 
very cautious in terms of ensuring that we are only driving the profitable growth in this segment 
and has been an issue that we are aware of. We are very conscious of that and ensuring that we 
are able to improve significantly in terms of inventory, and we are also able to increase the cash 
flow for the business. We believe this is sustainable, and we want to continue to be profitable in 
this segment and ensure that the cash flows are intact. 
So, with that, we will probably leave it for Q&A.  

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the questions-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equitas Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Congrats on a very strong margin execution. Just the first question, wanted to understand how 
easy to now predict the growth in the Aerospace & Defense? Because as we are saying, Q3, Q4 
may bottom out, but do we believe the time has come where predictability has improved in this 
segment, especially on the services side?  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Sure. Thanks, Sandeep. This is still a big challenge for the whole industry. If you look, still we 
have seen that only 25% of the travel has resumed as compared to what was seen same time last 
year. So, unless the travel resumes, it's a difficult one to predict how the industry would turn 
around. There are various analysts who predict that by 2023, or late 2022 is when the industry 
is likely to recover. So, we are keeping a close tab both on the commercial aviation as well as 
on the defense side. And as we have shared in the last call, we are continuing to look at how we 
grow our DLM business, defense business and the digital business within Aerospace & Defense. 
And when we said we are bottoming out in Q3 and Q4, we hope the growth would be 
compensated by some of the actions that we are taking on the DLM and digital. And that's the 
kind of expectation that we have for the next two or three quarters.  
 Krishna Bodanapu: 
I think just to add to that, I would say, I think what the line of sight that we have is, from a 
volume perspective Q3 seems to be holding up. It's just that we have a problem with a number 
of bill days and the capacity that's available. So, in that sense, we believe that we still have to 
address that problem in Q3. Therefore, if we can maintain the volume, which is what we have a 
line of sight to, then we think at least Q4 onwards some growth will start to return. But I think 
to Karthik's point, any appreciable growth, is still a while away. I don't think any of the aerospace 
companies have a line of sight to any appreciable growth at the moment.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. So, in this scenario, looking at Aerospace & Defense still close to 30% of 
services segment, how do you see the growth outlook in the services segment going forward in 
constant currency, because even in this quarter in CC term it has declined as a whole?  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Sandeep, what I would really look at is, as we have talked about, communication has become 
our largest vertical. So, we are very confident on the growth that is going to come through the 
communication vertical. And we are also looking at the segments like Transportation which will 
continue to do well. And we are also bullish on the medical devices and healthcare. So, these are 
the three segments we see that the growth is likely to be sustained in the near-term. And we hope 
the energy and utilities and the portfolio catch up soon. And aerospace would be, as we said, we 
have to really wait and watch how this industry will pan out. So, this is the kind of view that we 
have. 
And what is driving that? We have seen that momentum on the 5G rollout globally. And the 
network transformation is definitely on the cards as the network demand has expanded by at 
least 15% to 18% in major markets that we operate in. And this requires many customers to 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
accelerate on the rollout, both on the broadband as well as on 5G. So, we are hopeful on that 
segment as compared to what we have seen in the past. And rail transport, we have seen secular 
growth across all our customers. And that's the reason why we have seen a 20%-plus growth 
from Q1 to Q2. And we still believe this will have some more steam left for the next few quarters, 
and that's essentially what we are planning for. And Medical, some part of Medical has seen a 
growth and some part has not seen the growth, depending on whether they are part of the 
pandemic-related issues that we are addressing on diagnostics or any kind of hospitalization, 
ventilators etc. And I think that part of the business that's seen the growth in the last six or seven 
months, while the growth would probably be a lot more secular on the medical businesses 
moving forward. So that's the kind of color I can provide there, Sandeep.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. So, looking at the tailwinds versus the headwinds, do you believe services segment can 
actually now start posting a positive growth in a constant currency terms in second half? So, on 
the services side, looking at the tailwinds versus the headwinds segment wise, do you believe 
services segment can start posting a positive constant currency growth in the second half? And 
Krishna, your comment about the full year growth, you expect a double-digit decline versus last 
quarter you said 10% to 15% decline. So, is it fair to say 10% to 15% range is now at close to 
low double-digit kind of a decline?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Yes. I think that's fair to say. I think its low double-digit kind of a decline is what we are looking 
at. And I think looking at your point about headwinds and tailwinds, I think net-net, we are quite 
positive on what's happening in the second quarter in most parts of our business. I think there 
are positives, negatives. But overall, net-net, we come out with being confident about growth. 
Also taking into account what is happening in aerospace, I think we still need to be cautious 
about that particular sector. But taking everything into account, I am quite confident that we will 
have a much better H2 compared to H1 from the revenue perspective.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And last question, if I can squeeze. In terms of margins, I think what the CFO is talking 
about in Q3, there could be some decline, but in Q4, it can be similar to 2Q margin and the full 
year margin would be similar to last year margin of 9%. Is it the right way?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Yes, that is correct.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from IDBI Capital Markets. Please 
go ahead. 
Urmil Shah: 
Krishna, first, wanted to understand, as regards to growth in Transportation in this quarter, how 
much of it would have been driven by the new deal with Hitachi? Because we have called out 
Transportation as one of the growth verticals. So, ex of the new deal, how the performance has 
panned out?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
The new deal would have been relatively small because we are still in a ramp-up mode. So, a lot 
of the ramp-up is really happening because of the existing customers. We have Hitachi, we also 
have one more new deal in transport which is ramping up now. So, what we think there is decent 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
growth that's coming back in the existing base. And then on top of this, these two new customers 
will add to it for the coming quarters. So right now, it seems most of the growth would have 
been driven by existing customers.  
Urmil Shah: 
Yes. So, you are talking about two new customers in the coming quarters in this segment?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
No, no. They have been already added, we are already working with them. They will drive the 
growth in the coming quarters.  
Urmil Shah: 
The outlook for FY 21. Last quarter, we had indicated that as regards to 15% decline, given more 
positives from DLM, now are seeing outlook of a low double-digit decline in outlook as DLM 
improved much better than what it was last quarter? Or this is driven by some growth in revenue?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So DLM will grow faster than services. I think that is quite clear now. And also, having said 
that, the good news is the DLM margins will also continue to improve. We did 4.7% EBIT this 
quarter, and we will continue to do better going forward. There will be more growth in DLM 
and at a better margin. But it will be a mix of services and DLM growth. It's not that there will 
be a significant change to the overall mix of how services in DLM will work.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Mayank: 
Sir, my question was regarding the operation metrics improvement. So, we can see that the head 
count has reduced in the quarter versus the previous quarter also and the same quarter last year 
also. I wanted to understand how much of the direct salary and related cost reduction was due to 
offshoring? And how much was because of reduction in head count, if you could help explain 
that?  
Ajay Aggarwal: 
I would say that between offshoring and utilization, it's about 3% improvement, 3-3.5%. 
Roughly, you can say half-half. Half is because of offshoring and half is because of utilization 
and also the optimization of cost in payment line.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zakin Aser who is an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Zakin Aser: 
Congratulations on a steady set of numbers, I would say, for this quarter. I have two questions. 
Number one, how is the work from home situation panning out? And does that entail a higher 
expenditure then when people come to office? I mean, how do you see this will pan out and how 
this panning out for clients? Point number two is about the degrowth, what Mr. Krishna was 
mentioning. So, what I can gather is, on the consol basis, we could see on a top-line degrowth 
of mainly around 10% to 11%. Would it be right, sir? Thank you. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
On the second one, roughly, maybe I would say 10% might still be optimistic, but roughly we 
are closer to 10% rather than 15% at this point. On work from home, I will ask Karthik to answer 
it, because he's done most of the work.  

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Sure. Yes. No, I think it's been eventful quarter. And as we started learning to operationalize the 
work from home, I think we did see a lot of teething issues in the late part of Q1 and early part 
of Q2. And we are also able to stabilize in terms of productivity, and we are also seeing in some 
cities, we started slowly moving to a work from office by 10-15%, but then we have to reverse 
it due to the changes that have happened due to the pandemic. So, we have been able to manage 
productivity as well as on the health of our associates. And we started focusing more on the 
mental health in the last three months. We have been able to do many programs and ensuring 
that they are able to get their energy back, since most of them are working remotely and we 
wanted to make sure that they see a common engagement across their own fellow associates. 
So, a lot of emphasis on morale of our workforce and helping them with training, and the training 
content and quality of training that we started providing to our associate has expanded 
significantly in Q2. And we continue to see that gaining momentum in Q3 and Q4 as well. So, 
we are probably saying that we have learnt how to manage work from home in the last six 
months. And we are also fairly confident that we can continue this till the pandemic situation 
improves. We are not rushing to get our associates back to work from office. And just to share 
some of the challenges we have seen due to the floods in the last two days, we have been able to 
recover our operations within two to four hours of SLA. So, this is not possible unless we have 
gone through the last six months of learning. And that has been really putting to use when we 
see any cities that is likely to have an issue or any particular state will have issues, we know how 
to really manage such challenges we will see moving forward.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neerav Dalal from Maybank Kim Eng 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Neerav Dalal: 
I just had this one question regarding the employee head count. What would be the outlook going 
ahead? How should one look at that number? Utilization has also improved. So, your comments 
on that.  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I think we would be cautious about head count; I think we still have a little bit of room for 
utilization. So, we are looking at all the levers. I think the challenge that we have created for 
ourselves was the utilization number, and we had a challenge with utilization that we are still 
trying to fix. So, I would say that we are definitely recruiting for the quarter also, though the net 
head count is negative, we have recruited a bit of people this quarter, I think 270 people or so at 
a gross level, at least. So, we will continue to do that, but I wouldn't expect to see a significant 
shift on head count as yet because I think there are still some levers that we need to work on. 
And we also need to optimize the fact that while the overall average number seems to be 
palatable, there are still some significant areas where we need to improve. So, we will focus on 
that. So at least for the next couple of quarters, I would say, the growth wouldn't necessarily be 
driven by head count because there is still enough slack in the system. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Got that. No, because the other thing is that our utilizations are sort of the highest that we have 
done. The last we had done a similar number was in FY12. So yes, so just wanted to your take 
on that. So how much more room is there on the utilization side?  

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I think it is about 2% is what I think. 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
I would say it's a combination of utilization plus the productivity and our ability to bring 
automation to the fore. I think all combination of things that we are trying to drive, it is just not 
about the headcount and the utilization, and it is also the productivity and how we think we can 
maximize leveraging the automation. I think that's a lever that we are trying to push forward, 
Neerav.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Karthik, just a question in terms of, post you joined you were indicating that you will do some 
restructuring efforts, both on the delivery as well as on the sales organization as a whole. So 
where are you in that journey? And is there any performance measurement which you would 
like to share that, where are you in terms of the progress on those performance measurement 
KPIs? That will help us.  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Sure, Sandeep. And we are going through the process, as we speak, in this quarter. Probably, we 
will share more details by the time we do the next call. And as I started saying, we are definitely 
looking at key levers from the revenue or growth standpoint with leading indicators, like order 
intake, which is essentially part of the BBC, booking, billing and collections, how do we think 
we really start matching the complete order to cash. And from the operations standpoint, I think 
it's a typical metric, which includes the key levers on utilization and how the automation and 
how do we think our G&A costs are across space, software, and travel, and how do we think we 
manage all the other costs. So, we are looking at all the possible levers and how do we really 
look at a better optimization plan for the H2. And most of the levers are close to getting 
optimized. And we have a couple of them which have been worked upon during H2 as such.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just a related question on the strategy side. Do you believe we have to have some 
rebalancing on the portfolio to actually have a better growth outlook in FY22? Because 
Aerospace & Defense may continue to remain weak beyond FY21. So, in that scenario, are you 
confident in saying that the rest of the segments will have a lot of growth visibility which will 
help you to compensate any kind of a softer growth or the headwinds from the Aerospace & 
Defense?  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Yes. I think we are definitely looking at it as part of our structuring for H2 and fiscal 2022 ahead. 
We are definitely planning for looking at some sectors which can accelerate our growth and also 
bring focus on digital. And I think that's definitely been in the plan. We have just announced an 
acquisition of IG Partners. Once that gets consummated, we hope that can drive the growth in 
the mining sector. So, we are seeing some green shoots on subvertical level, not necessarily at 
the broad vertical level. And focused on sub-verticals, which can give us growth probably in the 
next 18 months, and how do we think we are really able to focus on those sub-verticals for 
growth.  

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
And if I can just add to that, I will say that the focus also is to bring some new sectors and skills 
into play. For example, if you look at it, there were certain areas of the engineering spectrum 
that we weren't focused on, process engineering, automotive and so on and so forth. In the new 
structure, we also have a play to focus on those areas. Again, I would say that it's not the 
traditional automotive, mechanical engineering kind of work, because that is something that is 
quite commoditized. But we believe that with things like electrification and autonomous driving 
and those kinds of things happening, we have a horizontal play into some of the new markets. 
And actually, we are seeing the first wins in those areas also. So, we have to compensate for 
aerospace. I think that's just the reality we face. 
But I think we have also put in work in the last 9 to 12 months, and especially in the last six 
months we have really put in a lot more focus on some of the new areas. So, I think there are 
three elements. One is, we have to make sure that the existing businesses like aerospace continue 
to be stable. We will start to look at growth opportunities in other segments, but also focus on 
new sectors. So, I think the combination of these three things. We are starting to see some good 
outcomes out of it. And therefore, I think a combination of all these gives us that confidence.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just a question to Ajay, this direct salary and related cost has gone down by more 
than 8% Q-on-Q. So, is it more to do from on-site to offshore as well as decline in the employee 
as a whole?  
Ajay Aggarwal: 
I would say there are two or three things. One is, I think the mix of subcontracting. The 
subcontract cost, so it's a combination between that direct cost and this cost. And second one is, 
yes, whatever you are seeing that 150 basis points, I said half of that 300 to 350 basis points, 
that reduction is coming mostly from this direct cost. And also, some of it is also a function of 
some of the grants that we get in terms of the compensation in the various geographies. That's 
almost about 1%. That's also accounted and netted off in the people cost. So, these are the three 
things.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just the last thing, in terms of engineering R&D, whenever the slowdown hits, it is 
first to get impacted. And we perceive that it's last to recover. So, any thoughts and negotiations 
if the client indicates that the decision-making has started improving and clients have started 
spending on the engineering R&D? Or it will come with a lag post the enterprise IT decision-
making or digital adoption decision-making actually going up?  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Yes. It is driven by essentially their ability to stem their cost. I think that's one of the key 
priorities for them. Second, they are looking for new revenue streams, and that is where we are 
seeing opportunities for ourselves. We have talked about whether it is on 5G, we have talked 
about something on medical devices or on the rail transportation. And most of the rail 
transportation customers, they also prioritize what would give them cash in the short-term, so 
that their projects are also prioritized in line with that. So, we have started seeing some 
momentum because a lot of projects got prioritized, which they will get cash in the near-term. 
So, it is essentially driven by that. But the broader demand expansion is going to be driven by 
stimulus, how the infrastructure and other areas would pick up based on the stimulus growth and 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
the economic recovery that is going to happen across automotive and the consumer areas. We 
hope some of them would start showing up in early fiscal 2022. And that's something we are 
prepared for riding on the growth.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Sir, my first question is related to the Aerospace & Defense vertical. So, we have seen that there 
is steep decline there over the last four, five quarters. So just want to understand because we 
have high client concentration there, so whether the decline is mostly due to ramp down in the 
large client or it has been broad-based? I am not asking for this quarter, but like over the last one 
year. And as we are saying that the next two quarters going to stabilize and the finalization of 
the list are going to happen by the end of this year, so are you expecting the growth in this 
vertical to come through the existing clients? Or you are trying to add some other clients in this 
vertical? So, this is my first question. 
And sir, second question is on the DLM side. So now we are expecting higher growth in the 
DLM side. So, if you can throw some more light on what will be the ongoing strategy or strategy 
around DLM, which is driving growth here? So, it is more of, say, like higher contract 
manufacturing contracts or like solution-based contracts? Or it is like driven by this, like medical 
devices or short-term contracts? So, I just want the long-term vision here in terms of DLM, what 
can be the scale and the current capacity utilization in DLM and any investments that you have 
to make in the near future?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So, I can answer the DLM part first. I think if you look at the growth in DLM and also, it's 
manifested in margins, is because a lot of the work that we are doing fits into the original strategy 
that we want to do, engineering-led, high-complexity, low-volume kind of work. And a lot of 
the business is really transforming into that. I mean, at the end of the day, we have a very unique 
DLM business. There is a lot of contract manufacturing, that's not what we do. And our 
customers don't come to us because we can make millions of parts for the cheap, that's not where 
our focus has been. Our focus has, again, been engineering-led, it's been where there is 
complexity, where there is low volume. And that's starting to pick up, and that's manifested in 
the margins. Like I said, EBIT this quarter was 4.7% and it will only go up in the next coming 
quarters. And if you look at other sort of contract manufacturing businesses, nobody would have 
margins like that, which means that the work that we are doing is quite unique and quite high 
end. 
We will continue to focus on that. I think we have turned the corner in terms of how the whole 
business will play out over the next few years or even next many years. Having said that, at the 
same time, I want to reiterate that our core business is engineering business, services, and 
solutions. But if you look at where we will continue to focus, we will focus where there is 
engineering-led growth that will give us manufacturing rather than just contract manufacturing. 
So therefore, we are quite bullish about this sector. It's taken five years to turn the corner, but I 
think we have turned the corner or at least I will say we are turning the corner, and therefore, it 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
gives me a lot of confidence that we have a very unique positioning, and that will reflect going 
forward. 
The second part of your question in terms of capacity, we have capacity to at least double that 
business before we make any significant capex. There might be some ongoing capex in terms of 
some specialized equipment, testers, etc., but nothing significant. So, we feel quite confident 
that we still have a lot of capacity that we can utilize and leverage. 
To the first part of your question on aerospace, it's been a decline across the sector. If you look, 
we did a count with some of our customers, their outsourcing spend has gone down by 60- 65% 
across the board whereas our revenue is down by 35%. So, the good news in all this is we have 
actually taken market share. But the bad news is, the decline has been across the sector because 
the impact has been across the sector, it's not a company-specific thing. I will only say that where 
there is more defense-related work or government spend-related work, there the decline has been 
less. If it's purely commercial, the decline has been a lot more.  
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. And sir, my last question would be on the salary cost or the indirect cost. 
So, the fall in direct cost is also a function of the involuntary attrition that we had till last quarter. 
So how has been the involuntary component in this quarter? So, whether the fall is also due to 
involuntary attrition or we have seen that fall significantly in this quarter?  
Ajay Aggarwal: 
See, as far as involuntary attrition is concerned, it also has associated costs. To that extent, I 
think this reduction is despite that sort of what we call a restructuring cost, and that set off. So, 
don't read too much into that. I think on one side we have one-offs of grants and settlement costs. 
On other side, we have the benefits of utilization. So, both of them set off, and this could be 
quite representative with further improvement in utilization.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Rathod from Nippon India Mutual Fund.  
Ritesh Rathod: 
Can you help me out on your acquisition strategy? What kind of targets we are seeing, what are 
kind of valuation expectations, have they come down? And have we become more aggressive in 
the targets?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So, I think we absolutely have become more aggressive. I think it's a great opportunity for us to 
acquire good businesses at this point. We are aggressively looking for options where we won't 
shy out from acquiring, that's been a key element of how we have grown the business. I think 
we just need to be prudent. Obviously, we are seeing good targets. But I would say the valuations 
have not necessarily come down. And at the end of the day, I think my view always has been at 
low or high that you have to find a good value. But more importantly, you have to find something 
that makes strategic sense. And if it makes strategic sense, we are not trying to time the market, 
I think that's not the view that we are taking. We just want to make sure that we make the right 
prudent acquisitions at the right point in time. So, we are going to be aggressive about it. It's 
something that we believe we have done very well; we have the competence and the capability 
and the ability to integrate. It's just that we need to be a little bit prudent to see how things settle 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
down in some of the markets. Like, if you look at IG Partners, we still did the deal, though we 
had agreed to the terms before the sort of the whole situation developed, and we did the deal 
more or less on the same terms after, because we feel quite confident of the business, where the 
business fits in and how we can actually integrate and grow the business. So, net-net, where I 
am coming from is, we will do it. And we also have the cash and the access to credit. I think, 
Ajay, you set the number of what the cash balance is, but also, I will add to that, that it's the 
highest it's ever been. And we are also keeping that because we believe that we do want to grow 
the business, accelerate the business out of this. But we just need to find the right targets.  
Ritesh Rathod: 
Okay. And any particular vertical where you have this pre-LOI kind of thing?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
No. I think it's across the board. And I think it's where we are and in the spread that we have, it's 
a little bit difficult to pin it down to a vertical. Because all said and done, even in aerospace, 
there are some very interesting opportunities, for example, right now. So, we just have to take it 
as things come. But I would say, we have clearly laid out objective of where we want to 
accelerate the business, and we will focus on those areas, especially as they relate to digital 
electronics, embedded software, kind of areas.  
Ritesh Rathod: 
Second was on the large deals in the pipeline, are there any deals? How has been their behavior? 
Are they slow-moving or their decision making has picked up and you can see some large deals 
getting closed in the coming quarter?  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
I think we are seeing what we are classifying them as large deal is $25 million of total contract 
value. And we have about seven of them in our pipeline currently. And we are continuing to see 
the action, but the decision is not getting made anytime soon. I think that's getting pushed to the 
right. And what we are also conscious of the fact is to start focusing on deals between $10 million 
to $25 million in Q3 and Q4 as we are trying to mature our processes towards the large deal. So, 
we are looking at it from both angles. How do we really look at deals of $10 million to $25 
million, while we are trying to build the pipeline for $25 million plus too. 
The second one is to also focus on conversion and how do we think we can really make it 
compelling for our customers to go for the conversion or go for the deal closure at the earliest. 
And we are trying to work with them to see how do we really make it interesting for them in 
terms of decision-making. We are confident that some of them would move between Q3 and Q4, 
and we definitely want to work towards increasing our large deal wins in H2 as well as fiscal 
2022.  
Ritesh Rathod: 
Okay. And last question from my side, Ajay, in terms of capex you mentioned 2-2.5% of revenue 
will be the capex on approximately sort of Rs. 4,000 crores kind of a base. So, it's kind of Rs. 90 
crores kind of a number you are hinting at for the annual?  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
That's right. I said 2.5-3%, depending on which quarter and which year. But earlier there was a 
concern that we were crossing that when we were investing in Hyderabad plant and all. That's 
why I just wanted to clarify, 2.5% to 3%. You are right.  

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Ritesh Rathod: 
So, first half, we have done Rs. 69 crores kind of thing, that's your cash flow statement in fact?  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
Well, it also had one-offs, some of the continued capex on Hyderabad plant for DLM, which 
was about Rs. 20 crores. We had also acquired something in Germany in terms of people 
acquisition, some asset acquisition, that was also there which was another Rs. 15-20 crores. So 
that's why the number was high, which are one-offs.  
Ritesh Rathod: 
Okay. So basically, you are hinting at Rs. 120 crores, and in first half you have done Rs. 70 
crores is how one should read it? Or you should see first half is a lower number, and you will 
see a similar number in the second half?  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
I would say, overall, I would look at a number of 2.5-3% for the full year. And specific details 
between H1, H2, maybe we can take it off-line.  
Ritesh Rathod: 
And would it come down dramatically in FY22-23 after this DLM and everything being there in 
FY21?  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
See, I am saying that when DLM and all came, it moved towards 4-4.5 to 5%. So, the norm is 
that we are growing, we are setting up CoEs, and things like that, spend on hardware, software 
that we need and some of the other things that we need. But I think we have to also see how 
these business models evolve and basically call for reduction once we finalize the go-forward 
strategy. So, I would still say 2.5-3% with some scope for further reductions based on new ways 
of working.  
Ritesh Rathod: 
But work from home, if that thing stays or it becomes a structural thing, that will reduce the 
capex intensity, would it be a fair assumption?  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
Yes. I think that is a fair assumption. Obviously, we have to also enable the associates, and we 
are working on some policy to make them comfortable. But why don't you give us some time. I 
think we are thinking about the long-term. Maybe in the next six months we will finalize. So, by 
the time we talk for maybe the quarter four or the next year, we will have more visibility on this. 
I am just saying from pure common sense whatever I am saying. I need to have it in terms of a 
road map.  
Ritesh Rathod: 
And would this December quarter see some sort of extended furloughs? Are you seeing any such 
kind of signs or it's a normal kind of thing which you see every annual year?  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
So, every year we see the normal situation, especially in North America where we have 
Aerospace & Defense, where we get the gap between the billing days and the pay days of about 
three days. We are still working on bridging the gap by overtime, other things. But I think that's, 
as usual, unless Karthik, you feel otherwise.  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
No, I think we are still assessing would that be any different this year. We are not having any 
clear views on it until now. So, we will probably get to know in the next one month how this 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
quarter will pan out. We are really prepared to see how do we minimize the impact for this 
quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Jain: 
I have two small questions, sir. One is on DLM outlook. You guys alluded to the fact that DLM 
business, the composition of the business is changing a lot and that is getting reflected into 
margins as well. So, is there any benefit you got because of this medical thing during the quarter? 
And should we assume a Y-o-Y seasonality in line with the past on the DLM business? That is 
question number one. 
And second was on headcount. Headcount has been coming off for quite some time and now 
margins have gone up to a reasonable level. Should we assume that going forward, headcount 
would remain stable, more or less? Or do you still think some corrections are on the way?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So, I will answer the first one and then I will ask Karthik for the second one. But on DLM, I 
mean, we are seeing benefits both of the current situation because we have a fairly sizable 
capability to manufacture medical devices, and that's also driving some good growth. But having 
said that, we are also seeing good growth across other sectors. I mean, even if you look at the 
aerospace sector, for example, the DLM growth in aerospace has been quite significant because 
the work that we have done in terms of transitioning some of the products to manufacture over 
the last few quarters or even last few years in some cases is starting to pick up. So, I would say, 
overall, the DLM business is looking reasonably good from that perspective. There will always 
be seasonality in that business. I think, like I have been saying for the last couple of quarters, it's 
something that we just have to deal with. And we just have to make sure that we manage 
ourselves within that seasonality. So, there will be seasonality. Healthcare is helping us at the 
moment. But I will say it's not just driven by healthcare, it's also other sectors like aerospace and 
defense, for example, that have caught on quite a bit in DLM.  
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Sure. Thanks, Krishna. And I will also add on the DLM part, and we are also seeing growth 
coming essentially from A&D and medical, but we are also wanting to see how do we take it 
across the E&U and the transport vertical as well. On the headcount part, what I would say is, 
Mohit, it's a combination of two or three things. And as Krishna said, even in Q2 we have added 
about 270 people. So, we will continue to look for the right skill, and if that is available 
internally, how do we maximize it. And if you don't find it, still, how do we get it from outside. 
So, it's a combination of both internal as well as external that we will look for. 
Second, we are also clear on certain operating metrics, because we still have some headroom to 
improve in terms of utilization, and we want to bring in automation as a key driver of 
productivity. And how do we think we are able to leverage that. And third, the nature of growth 
that we are likely to see and how do we think we are able to manage it. And if that requires us 
to hire people permanently versus managing some short burst. And we are also open in terms of 
contingent levers we need to bring on board. So, we are looking at all combination of levers that 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
we have. And we will see some stability in terms of our headcount in Q3, and maybe by Q4 it 
starts picking up as the growth picks up.  
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, in terms of margins, you said Q4 should be similar to last year's Q4 or Q2? 
I missed that point actually.  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
We said that we have delivered 11% margin in this particular quarter. There are a few headwinds 
because of the wage correction and the capacity constraint, which was the gap between the 
paydays and the bill days in quarter three. But quarter four, at least, we should be able to get 
back to the Q2 margin of 11%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sandip Agarwal from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Sandip Kumar Agarwal: 
Sir, I have only one question, Krishna, that if you see our segment, and I know one of the earlier 
questions, the gentleman also asked a question that we have good exposure to aerospace and 
defense, and that industry is going to take a lot of time probably to recover. And I don't know in 
energy what is happening, because of the oil situation it was also weak. And we, in fact, saw in 
this quarter also it was almost flattish and has not recovered strongly. So, will the growth which 
will be there in FY22 more of a base effect where A&Ds have declined? And from there we only 
recover, that is the key reason of recovery you would think? Or you believe inherently there will 
be strength in a lot of segments? That is number one. 
And number two, you are also announcing wage hike in line with the industry from 1st October. 
So how do we read that, that you are expecting some kind of strong momentum from here or 
you are just doing it in line with the industry practice?  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
No. I think one is, there is going to be a base effect. And therefore, the recovery will be based 
on the base effect. Like, I was saying, the way that we are looking at it is the aerospace business 
is a lower base business, and we need to now take that into cognizance and grow from there. The 
rest of the industries, we will actually recover. And if you look at places like communications 
and transportation, they will have their best quarters ever within the next couple of quarters. So, 
I think it's a bit of both in that sense. In most of the businesses, we are just I think well positioned. 
We will recover or it has to be the best levels. Whereas in A&D, we just have to take a new base 
impact. 
Now in terms of the salary hikes also, I would say it's in line with the market. We would not do 
anything different or extraordinary. But I think there are some reasons why we need to do that. 
And therefore, we will do it with the broad market or in line with the broad market.  
Sandip Kumar Agarwal: 
Also, one quick question to Ajay and I am not asking for any specific number, but how do you 
see margins to evolve over next year as a full year? Do you see this was the worst year for the 
margins or you would not be able to comment right now?  
 Ajay Aggarwal: 
We are very happy with where we are currently, despite the revenue challenges and we have 
demonstrated our ability to do the right cost structure. And some of the things that we have done 

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
are very sustainable. So, I think our exit quarter Q4 is something that should be definitely 
sustainable, structural changes in terms of some of the metrics. And then going forward, once 
the volume also picks up, then I think we will be in a good place. Now how much will be the 
margin for the next year, I think it's a little early. Nowadays, predicting beyond six months is 
really difficult. 
Sandip Kumar Agarwal: 
One final question, if I can squeeze, is that we have a huge cash balance now and will it not be  
little prudent that we stabilize all our acquisitions which happened until now. And we had tough 
time with DLM in the past, so we stabilize everything for a year or two and probably a better 
use of this cash could be probably returning them to investors, or you think that the opportunity 
right now is much better to acquire assets which are available cheaper because of the disruption? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
We will be prudent about this, not just because it's cheaper because of the acquisition, also 
because we have had a rough couple of quarters. We have stabilized the business. There is a 
huge opportunity to grow the business. So, like I said, I am not necessarily looking just for value. 
I am looking for a good opportunity. We will always be prudent. If we don't think we can deliver 
the returns that justify putting the money, we won't do it. But I think at this point at least, there 
is an opportunity to do that in a good way.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments.  
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much. I know it's a little bit late these days with all the virtual board meetings, 
etc. But thank you very much for joining. As you saw, there is a fair degree of stability returning 
to the business. We are also trying to prudently manage through for the next couple of quarters, 
at least. I think the opportunities are in front of us, but we also have to be careful that we don't 
overexert ourselves or overcommit or set an irrational expectation of how we can avail those 
opportunities. 
But I just want to assure you that the business is looking quite good, from where things started 
off on March 23rd. And I will say thank you very much for your support. I think many of you 
have interacted with us through the thick and thin. I want to assure you that we are now starting 
to enter a patch where we believe that the business will come back to the good quarters that we 
had a couple of years ago. 
We also will have an Investor update call. We did not do the Investor Day this year, given that 
it was supposed to be done in May, and that's when the peak of the uncertainty was. So therefore, 
we will do an Investor Update call, which will be a few hours long. We are planning to do it in 
either late November or early December. We will send you the information on that, but please 
do look out for that. And once again, thank you very much for joining the call. But more 
importantly, thank you for your support. And look forward to speaking to you during the quarter, 
or if not, at the next call in January. Thank you very much, and have a good evening.  

 
Cyient Limited 
 
October 15, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Cyient, that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining 
us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
                                   This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy 
 
