 
Regd. Office: 9th Floor, Antriksh Bhavan, 22 Kasturba Gandhi Marg, New Delhi – 110 001 
Phone: 011 – 23736857, E‐mail: loans@pnbhfl.com, Website: www.pnbhfl.com 
CIN: L65922DL1988PLC033856 
 
 
 
 
November 1, 2020 
 
The BSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 540173 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: PNBHOUSING 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript for Q2 and H1 FY2020-21 Earnings Call held on 
October 29, 2020. The Transcript on Page 24 includes responses to the questions that were 
unanswered during the earnings call. 
 
A copy of the same is placed on the website of the Company at www.pnbhousing.com 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
For PNB Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Sanjay Jain 
Company Secretary & Head Compliance 
Membership No.: F2642 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by SANJAY JAIN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=110092, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=c0be98dba661b4bda12ed88d
16380d56691e7ed12a50d18815a3cf0ae
85e558e, 
serialNumber=6acc8353569b38f2d8942
5d50a3b042ece4a60aaa167ca254eb933
94f670dd96, cn=SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2020.11.01 10:44:03 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“PNB Housing Finance Limited Q2 and H1 FY 2021 Conference Call” 
 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Participants from PNB Housing Finance:  
 
Mr. Hardayal Prasad                     Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Ajay Gupta                              Executive Director-Risk Management  
Mr. Kapish Jain                             Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Nitant Desai                            Chief Centralized Operations & Technology Officer 
Mr. Anshul Bhargava                    Chief People Officer  
Mr. Sanjay Jain                             Company Secretary and Head Compliance  
Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi             Head - Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the PNB Housing Finance Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY 2021 Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepika 
Gupta Padhi. Thank you and over to you. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you, Sanford. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are here to discuss 
PNB Housing Finance's Q2 and H1 Financial Year 2021 Results. You must have seen 
our business and financial numbers in the presentation and press release shared with 
the Indian stock exchanges and also available on our website. 
With me we have our leadership team, represented by Mr. Hardayal Prasad – Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. Ajay Gupta – Executive Director - Risk Management, Mr. Kapish 
Jain – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Anshul Bhargava – Chief People Officer; Mr. Nitant 
Desai – Chief Centralized Operations & Technology Officer; and Mr. Sanjay Jain – 
Company Secretary and Head of Compliance. 
We will begin this call with the performance update by the Managing Director and CEO, 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. Please note, this call may contain forward-
looking statements, which exemplify our judgment and future expectations concerning 
the development of our business. These forward-looking statements involve risks and 
uncertainties that may cause actual development and results to differ materially from 
our expectations. PNB Housing Finance undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any 
forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. A detailed 
disclaimer is on Slide 28 of the Investor Presentation. 
With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Hardayal Prasad. Over to you, sir. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Thank you, Deepika. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Quarter two and 
Half yearly Financial Results for the Financial Year 2021. As the Managing Director and 
CEO of PNB Housing Finance, this is my first interaction with you all. On the behalf of 
the Company, I extend a very warm welcome to all of you and thank you for joining us 
in the call today, for some of us it's pretty early in the morning. I hope you all and your 
families are safe and healthy and taking due care and precautions from COVID-19. 
With the lockdown measures easing and the Company entering into the unlock phase, 
economic activity is picking up across sectors and green shoots are clearly visible in 
the housing sector. The Company is witnessing steady growth across all parameters, 
the logins, the sanctions and the disbursements which are very critical from the 
Company's perspective. The Company has achieved 86% of the pre-COVID levels in 
disbursements during the Q2 FY 2021 and is already nearing 100% of pre-COVID levels 
in October or going forward. We are confident that the festival season will see a surge 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
in the housing market with almost all financers coming out with a large number of 
campaigns, which has been lingering for a long time. The low interest is expected to 
further boost the demand in the housing sector. 
We, at PNB Housing Finance disbursed loans amounting to INR 3,138 crores during 
the half year, registering an increasing trend on a month-to-month basis. Retail segment 
contributed 95% of the total disbursement, with 65% disbursed towards lower risk 
weighted individual housing loan, which has been the new focus of the Company. As a 
retail focused Company, we offer a wide bouquet of products with risk-based pricing to 
all customers. Along with the mass housing, we are increasing our focus on segments 
where the financial discipline is better, and the demand is rising. The Company is 
closing watching the retail housing loan market and is realigning its strategies to capture 
the emerging business opportunities. 
With the digital being the new normal, the Company has taken steps to go digital, even 
at the sourcing stage. The Company, in the month of October 2020, launched its 
customer onboarding digital platform which is called ACE. It enables customers to 
upload documents for online verification process, and video-based KYC to ensure safe 
and contactless service for customers. In fact, we are very proud to say that we are the 
first Housing Finance Company to implement the video KYC. It facilitates easier 
verification and improves our turnover time. Over time, we expect significant percent of 
sourcing to come from digital channels. In addition to seamless onboarding experience, 
the Company uses various apps in underwriting, customer service, and post disbursal 
activities to enhance efficiency at each level. Going forward, we will be connecting all 
our different apps to make a complete seamless experience right from the sourcing 
stage, till the account is seeded in the CBS. 
As on 30th September 2020, the Asset under management of the company is at INR 
81,221 crores with retail AUM at 82% and corporate at 18%. The gross NPA on AUM 
basis as on 30th September is 2.20%. On Loan assets, the GNPA is 2.59% as on 30th 
September 2020. Retail book GNPA stood at 1.23% and corporate book GNPA stood 
at 7.6%.The GNPA in corporate book has reduced during the quarter, owing to 
proactive resolution in few accounts. And in line with the interim order from the 
honorable Supreme Court, the Company has not recognized accounts classified NPA 
as on 31st August 2020. Adjusted for these accounts, pro-forma gross NPAs would 
have been 3.04%. As a prudent provision coverage measure, the Company has made 
adequate provisions in these accounts in line with the Stage-3 provision coverage ratio. 
With the current provisions, the total provision to total asset is 2.99% and overall 
provision coverage ratio of 115% as of 30th September 2020. 
The Stage-3 provision coverage ratio has increased substantially to 44% vis-à-vis 22% 
as on 30th September 2019. The life to-date write-off by the Company is 11bps, which 
is pretty low if we compare it with some of our competitors of the cumulative 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
disbursement. In line with the changing environment and keeping in view the stress in 
the real-estate sector, the Company has further tightened its underwriting standards 
and it remains one of the cornerstone of our growth story in terms of  risk management 
practices that the Company is exercising. 
On the corporate book, during H1 FY 2021, the company has down sold few  of 
corporate accounts and received accelerated prepayments. We remain steadfast in our 
strategy to bring the share of corporate book down by the end of current fiscal year. We 
are closely watching our corporate book, which are in various stages of resolution, and 
are hopeful that some resolution will fructify during the financial year. 
On the collection front, average monthly collection efficiency during the quarter 
remained at around 95% level. The company has enhanced its collection efforts by 
utilizing cross functional teams and improving its field collection abilities. The field 
collection which remain restricted due to COVID-19, has shown signs of improvements. 
As the market starts unlocking, the venues for resolution will also advance and the 
impact on bucket three and NPA will reduce. We have also intensified our efforts to 
resolve the accounts through auction, OTS, etc.. They have borne good results as we 
have been able to dispose of some assets. 
Let me now share a few financial highlights with you: 
The pre-provision operating profit for the quarter is that INR 575 crores in Q2 FY 2021, 
as against INR 578 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. During the last 
interaction, we had advised you about the cost rationalize measures taken by the 
Company. I am pleased to inform that our operating expenditures during the Q2 FY 
2021 has reduced by 19% compared to Q2 FY 2020. 
Since the severity of COVID-19 is not fully known, and the economic conditions are yet 
to improve, as a prudent approach to increasing provision and thereof, the profit after 
tax for Q2 FY 2021 is at INR 313 crores as against INR 367 crores in Q2 FY 2020, 
registering a decline of 15%. The return on assets for H1 FY 2021 is 1.47% and the 
return on equity for the same period is 13.38% on annualized basis. 
Talking about the liabilities, with the falling MCLR the Company has registered a 
sequential decline in the cost of borrowings of 12 basis points quarter-on-quarter. The 
Company is at various stages of discussions with lenders to reduce the interest rates 
on our high cost borrowings that will help in further bringing down our cost of funds. The 
Company mobilized funds from multiple sources, and is second largest deposit taking 
HFC in the country. The Company has enough liquidity as on 30th September 2020 
and undrawn sanction limits. 
The Company is comfortably placed on its capital requirements as on 30th September 
2020, with CRAR are at 18.66% and Tier-1 capital at 16.13%, and Tier-2 2.53%, which 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
is based on I-GAAP numbers. The gearing of the Company has improved and is now 
at 7.8% as on 30th, September 20. On the capital raise, PNB, our promoter has advised 
that they are seeking regulatory approvals to infuse capital through preferential or rights 
issue. The Board of the company has also approved capital raise through preferential 
and rights issue. The same has also been disclosed to the stock exchanges and the 
information is in public domain. Meanwhile, we have initiated the process of appointing 
the bankers and legal counsels to raise the capital at the earliest once the permissions 
are in place. 
On the regulatory front, Reserve Bank of India, on 22nd October, issued a revised 
regulatory framework for HFCs. We are reviewing the guidelines and its impact on us 
and will advise you as we go forward in the next 10-15 days. We would like to assure 
you that we will continue our focus on improving our acquisition strategy, strengthen 
our underwriting standards, enhance our recovery capabilities, improve our system and 
processes and further rationalize cost. The company has built a strong balance sheet 
and will continue to rebalance its portfolio to build a strong retail franchise. 
With this, I would now like to open the floor for question answers. And with the full 
management team sitting over there, we will be more than happy to respond to the 
queries that come to us. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Sanket Chheda from B&K. Please 
go ahead.  
Sanket Chheda: 
Sir, I wanted to ask what percentage of the AUM has not paid any EMI or what 
percentage of borrowers have not paid any single EMI till August and also in 
September, so they remain unpaid? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
I think 19% of the book has not paid, 81% has paid at least minimum one or more EMIs 
of the morat book, not of the whole book. We are only talking about the morat book, , 
19% is one which have not paid and, obviously, they are being looked at and contacted 
through various sources right from SMSs, emails, field collection and through various 
measures to see to it that whether they are really in dire stress or they have the ability 
to repay the loans and actually we have been continuously improving these numbers. 
Sanket Chheda: 
So in Phase-1, loans under moratorium was about 56% overall, and in Phase-2 it went 
down to about 39%-40%. So, the 19% we have to take it on that Phase-2 number or 
the Phase-1 number? 
Ajay Gupta: 
No, Phase-2 number because the numbers which we have given is where customers 
have availed moratorium till 31st August. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
Sanket Chheda: 
Okay. And sir, this 19%, can you give a flavor on how much it would be from corporate 
and how much of individual? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
In terms of the numbers if you look at it, it is retail. The corporate book, almost significant 
numbers have applied for a moratorium. So, amount wise and number wise would vary.  
Sanket Chheda: 
Okay. And sir, on disbursement, while we say that we have reached 80% in Q2, actually 
we are comparing that with Q4 disbursement numbers, right, which was anyways also 
impacted by COVID. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
I would not say that they were really impacted by the COVID, because the lockdown 
started only around 22nd March. So more or less, the files would have come in and the 
disbursement would have taken place in Q4. The comparison is done because that is 
the narrative everybody's talking about. To compare it with a lockdown for almost about 
three, four months, significant lockdown in the first quarter, I mean, really, we can make 
a comparison and we would have given the number. But you will not really able to make 
out that whether the businesses are coming back to normal or not. That's the whole 
purpose, otherwise, it's not that the comparison is not being given. The comparison has 
been given at various places. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Okay. And sir, the last question is that what has led to such sharp fall sequentially in 
the AUM? In disbursement given if you compare Q2 to Q2, that was above 50%, but 
then what has led to such sharp fall in the AUM, sequentially? Fall in the AUM which is 
about 2.5%, 3% sequentially. 
Hardayal Prasad:              Almost all banks if you look at it, have really reduced the interest rates significantly. And 
our ability to reduce the interest rates, obviously, would remain a little different because 
we do not have CASA deposits. And therefore, our reduction has been not up to the 
mark. So, the differential of interest rates between us and any of the major financier has 
increased and there is a runoff in terms of the books that we are seeing. But the only 
thing that we are doing is that we are working pretty hard in terms of ensuring that 
despite the fact that there is a differential that has come in, how can we actually really 
hold on to the book by bringing in efficiency in terms of new acquisition as well as talking 
to the customers and explaining to them the reasons why they should stay with us and 
the advantages that they would get once they are with us. So, unless it is pure interest 
reason, I mean, obviously, you would go. But there are many other charges and other 
things that go. And some of the financiers, once you may be quoting and acquisition 
may be at a lower rate, very quickly keep on changing the interest rates and most of 
the customers understand that part, that there are interest rates that keep on changing. 
And that is why we have also been able to retain some customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parag Jariwala from White Oak Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Parag Jariwala: 
See, my question is with respect to moratorium. When you say 19%, this is 19% of total 
book, right, which has not paid any EMI? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
No. I think we made it very clear, the retail moratorium book.  
Parag Jariwala: 
Okay. So I have to basically apply a percentage to moratorium book and say that this 
is the 19% of the moratorium book which is not paid? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
That's right, sir. 
Parag Jariwala: 
Okay. And sir, is it possible to give us a breakup, or you think it will take time between 
retail and corporate? 
Ajay Gupta: 
See, overall if you look at, I am just addressing your first question. 81% is collection 
efficiency for retail moratorium cases. But overall, if we look, my retail collection 
efficiency is 94%-95%, which remained more or less same last three, four quarters. We 
should take confidence from that, that the portfolio so far is holding on. 
Parag Jariwala: 
That's right. Sir, is it possible to give us a breakup of retail and corporate within those 
who are not paying EMIs for the moratorium book, especially.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
I am sure it is possible, not right now, but you can reach out to Deepika and we should 
definitely be in a position to answer. 
Parag Jariwala: 
Yes, will do that. Thank you. And sir, last thing, when you said you have tightened the 
underwriting, so how much time do you think you will take to reach to the normalized 
profitability level once you have this cleanup and the growth and everything comes 
back? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
So, the most important thing is actually to ensure that with the limited data that may be 
coming up, or for example, the non-updation of CIBIL and other data, because 
information is not being uploaded or it is not really true because of the morat and other 
reasons. Obviously, you have one of the vectors that goes into the underwriting, it has 
a limited view over there. But there are so many vectors that go into the underwriting. 
So, what we have done, and we look at almost everything, what is your ability, what is 
your income stream, how good is your income stream, you look at the salary slip, even 
I mentioned in my opening remarks, the emphasis is on the salaried and others, the 
strong book that we are building on to it. So, you look at those things, you look at the 
surrogate data, and you see to it that whether how strong it is. 
So, the underwriting standards have been improved and I can assure you and I can tell 
you with a lot of confidence that the Company will ensure and will maintain that there is 
no dilution on the underwriting standard. In fact, the underwriting standards can actually 
be strengthened and will continue to strengthen keeping in view the individual portfolio 
within the home loan. If there are any portfolio where we see if there is a stress coming 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
in, obviously, the underwriting will immediately be done. In case we see that some 
portfolio is behaving very well, then after some time we will see whether the underwriting 
standards need to be relooked at and whether there is a unlocking of the tightening that 
needs to be done, that would be done. 
I think on the risk management side, we remain steadfast in our approach to ensure 
that the portfolio remains strong and robust and there is no dilution. I think we can 
assure you that, that the risk management team works completely independently in 
terms of ensuring that the portfolio quality is always maintained. But you also have to 
factor in what is happening in the economy, the unlocking that is taking place, the green 
shoots that you are seeking. So despite that, we are also saying that on the 
disbursement and acquisition side we are growing. So there are mixed things that are 
happening, too early to say what is going to happen, but we are sure that we are on the 
right course. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Singla from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Anuj Singla: 
Sir, can you give us some indication of the collection efficiency for the month of 
September as well, in terms of the exit rate after the moratorium? 
Ajay Gupta: 
We just mentioned, it is 95%, and remained range bound pre-September and in 
September. 
Anuj Singla: 
Okay. So on the same ballpark, 93%, 94% holds for September as well? 
Ajay Gupta: 
That’s right.  
Anuj Singla: 
Okay. And sir, is it possible to share the Stage-2 assets in the 2Q? 
Ajay Gupta: 
We normally share the bifurcation of Stage-1, 2 and 3 annually, because this is a 
mortgage business and annuity kind of a business. And we will continue to show Retail  
and corporate annually. 
Anuj Singla: 
Okay. Because after moratorium the key concern on the GNPA numbers will not reflect 
our total asset quality. So, if any indication, if you can share some more color on that 
Stage-2, because that becomes a key focus area at this point of time for investors. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Anuj, it is a little early right now, because we just have received the Supreme Court 
order. And keeping that in view and the behavior of the consumers and the borrowers, 
it's a little premature at this stage to exactly say that how they are going to behave. 
Because, despite the fact that the moratorium was over, people were expecting some 
kind of relief to take place. And even when we were going and we were strongly pitching 
for the collection, and explaining to them, educating them through various channels, 
SMSs, emails and everything, they need to repay, many of them did say and were a 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
little aggressive also in terms of saying that they would like to wait and they would like 
to see that how it is going to pan out. So, I think even if many of them who could have 
repaid were holding back. I think now the time has come; I think it's very clear how it is 
going to fair. Based on that, I think another month or so, this next quarter we should be 
in a position to tell you how the book is fairing. At this stage, a little premature to give 
those kinds of numbers to you. 
Anuj Singla: 
Okay, fair enough. Sir, lastly, in terms of yields, we have seen a Q-o-Q improvement of 
about 100 basis points, despite the pricing pressure from banks, which you mentioned. 
So is it primarily on account of the securitized pool income of INR 105 crores in 2Q or 
there are some other factors you have taken interest rate hikes in specific segments? 
Kapish Jain: 
So if you remember, in Q1 we did mention the fact that we have increased our rates in 
the corporate book, the result of which is fully seen in  quarter two.. While securitization 
is one part, but primarily the yield in the portfolio has actually moved up in Q2 and has 
stood as what it was as of March as well. So we have held back on our yields on a 
normal state basis as well, not factoring the securitization impact. Securitization impact 
has given added jump to the quarterly yield. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
In some of the portfolios we have introduced risk-based pricing, we are also going to 
actually take it forward in terms of LTVs and others. The risk-based pricing on some of 
the portfolios have already been introduced as part of the strengthening of the 
underwriting book. 
Anuj Singla: 
Okay. Just to clarify, this 11.3% number will include the impact of the INR 105 crores 
as well, right, of the securitized portfolio? 
Kapish Jain: 
Yes, it does. But even if you shave that off, the yields in the normal book is in line to 
what it was in March, because of some rationalization that we did in the retail portfolio 
and some increase that we did in the corporate portfolio at the beginning of the quarter. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
We will continue to look at the book very, very closely on every aspect in terms of how 
do we strengthen our balance sheet, in terms of the provisions that we are going to 
bring in and in terms of the cost rationalization, the revenue optimization, which is also 
natural, if you look at it, it really has led to a reduced gearing also. I think, we will 
continue to monitor it very, very closely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Congrats on the quarter. I have a follow-up to Anuj's question, so this INR 105 crores 
is part of the INR 1,960 crores interest income, is it? 
Kapish Jain: 
Yes, Piran. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Fair enough. And secondly, out of your SMA accounts of INR 5,100 crores which 
have been granted moratorium, how much was retail and how much of corporate? 
Kapish Jain: 
Piran, we will update you separately on this. We don't have it ready as of now. 
Piran Engineer: 
Fair enough. And just lastly on the same yield question, so now I see that your lowest 
yields that you all offer are like 100 bps higher than competitors, for an 800-plus CIBIL 
score customer it is 7.9%, whereas, say, an HDFC, LIC start at 6.9%. So, really, how 
can we be competitive in such an environment? Historically, we have maintained a yield 
of 20 bps above an HDFC, but with 100 bps above, how do we see the future of 
business growth? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
I fully agree with you that, at that level, we were always 5% higher, it's not that that we 
were never higher, we were always around 5% interest rate higher. What has happened 
today is that we are almost at about 5% of the interest rates, whatever was being 
quoted, if 7% was quoted I was about 35 basis point above. What is the differential that 
has come is, not the basis point, 10% over the interest rates quoted by our competitors. 
What is important is that, obviously, interest rate we will quote based on the risk-based 
pricing is going to remain the cornerstone of our policy. We have some challenges in 
terms of our ratings and everything. And therefore, it is important for us that we remain 
very, very profitable in terms of the way we are going to grow our books. Importantly, I 
did mention to you that we have been able to pare down our borrowing cost and we will 
continue to look at that. What you just mentioned about that 800 bps and everything, 
as a part of the campaign, we have already reduced interest rates for one particular 
category and brought it down to 7.5% for the next few months. And we are looking at it 
in terms of how we can really look at the balance sheet and we find out that where there 
is a room for looking at the interest rate. But I would like to tell you very clearly that 
profitability, cost benefit analysis will continuously remain, the delinquency and 
everything will continue to remain one of the most important things that we will look at 
it in terms of the growth that we are going to look at. 
 
One thing I would like to mention, , if you really look at the housing market, and the 
housing market in India, obviously, is quite underpenetrated. So, mortgage-to-GDP ratio 
is only a 10%, which is much lower than a lot of countries and across the globe. Even 
if you look at the estimates that ICRA has given, it just moves to 13%. I think there is a 
huge demand. And with nuclearization of the families and there are a lot of other things 
that are happening, people started looking at buying new houses, bigger houses, having 
some offices across, because both spouses are working, there is a demand that has 
going to come up. With this kind of underpenetrated mortgage industry, I mean, I take 
your point on the interest rates, I think there still is going to remain some demand for 
housing. And we look at it, Housing for All, the government's very important initiative, 
will help us significantly in terms of the way we are going to build our Unnati portfolio 
and Affordable Housing portfolio. We will continue to actually focus on those areas 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
which are going to be the new sunrise kind of areas that are going to come up. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swanand Samant from Chanakya 
Capital Services. Please go ahead. 
Swanand Samant: 
Just I wanted some number of the under-construction portfolio on the retail side. That's 
my first question. Second, we have decreased branches in this quarter, so will it 
continue in next two quarters also or we are finished with that? Third, sir, we have 
started borrowing on CP from last quarter, so is there any upper limit on the percentage 
of CP of the total borrowing? That's it, sir. 
Rajan Suri: 
So, our under-construction portfolio as it stands today is 19%. And we are currently not 
concentrating too much on under construction project, rather, we are concentrating on 
completed project and on resale properties. So that's where we are moving on as far 
as this under construction portfolio is concerned. And on number of branches we are 
talking about, currently we have 96 branches we are present in, and I think we are well 
capitalized for a growth from these 96 branches because we are working on the 
productivity model rather than just going on expansion and spreading thin in the market. 
So, each and every branch has to be productive and profitable, then the other next 
branch can be looked at. So that's the model that we are targeting now. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
That was actually the first round of rationalization of branches and operations that was 
done. And now that the business will start picking up, we need to relook at the 
rationalization, cost cutting and cost optimization basis. It's a continuous exercise, every 
quarter the organization is going to look at very, very closely in terms of how the costs 
can be optimized. So, the second round will also take place in terms of looking at it, 
whether these branches are profitable, productive, I think Rajan mentioned it very 
clearly. And as a sales head, he remains very, very glued to the fact that it has to be a 
very profitable branch and it has to have profitable operation.  
Kapish Jain: 
So, our CP share currently is around 2.5%. I can't look CP in isolation, I have to look 
into CP in line with what are the other backstop facilities I have. Our liquidity position, 
our pipeline of borrowing that's available to us. And more particularly now the LCR 
guidelines have also come in, which we also would need to make sure that we have got 
adequate liquidity being buffered in for the short-term windows. So with those elements 
securely in place, we will decide on how much of CP share we are going to build into 
the portfolio. But very clearly, we are not going to go too heavy on CPs. And even if I 
go for a CP, we will go for a longer tenure, rather than looking to a three-month refinance 
window. 
Swanand Samant: 
Okay. And sir, on the corporate sell down portfolio, so we sold down almost INR 350 
crores in quarter one. So is there any target for the whole year? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Saurabh Suri: 
Yes, we will target to bring down the book through down sell, accelerated payments etc 
about INR 1,500 crores throughout the year. So roughly INR 500 crores a quarter is the 
plan going forward. 
Swanand Samant: 
Okay. Is it possible to spell out the product wise yields, so home loan, corporate, LAP, 
etc., for this quarter? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Usually we do not actually give those yields, but offline if you can connect with Deepika, 
we might give it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sir, what should be the timelines for capital raise? And when you are interacting with 
credit rating agencies, what they are saying, because our leverage has come up quite 
significantly over the last 12 months. So is that still remains a concern in the minds of 
credit rating agencies and what is the hindrance of our credit rating being upgraded? 
What is the feedback that we are getting from credit rating agencies? These two 
questions, sir. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
The announcement of PNB, the promoter of the Company, to infuse, subject to 
regulatory, has been a very positive sentiment. Subsequently, the Board also came out 
with a resolution for raising the capital. I think these are very positive sentiments and 
the interactions that we have had with the rating agencies, obviously, have centered 
around the capital raise, on the delinquency as well as on the liquidity part I think the 
way we have managed our liquidity, the way we have managed our delinquency I think 
are pretty good. Just waiting for a regulatory approval, I definitely cannot read the mind 
of the regulator in terms of when the approvals will come. We are expecting the approval 
to come, we are to hear from the PNB. The moment we hear it out, we are ready, we 
have done our due diligence in terms of how quickly we can reach the market. So 
obviously, after we receive the approval, we should be in a position to go ahead and 
mop up those capital as quickly as possible. I would not be able to give you the date or 
any other period on which that would be done.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure sir. And looking at the current data and the provisioning that we have created, 
what is their view on the incremental credit cost for the Company over this year and 
next year? 
Ajay Gupta: 
We, are at a healthy provision of 115% overall. And, so we feel that as of now the 
provisions are adequate, and don’t expect this to rise exponentially in coming quarters.  
Hardayal Prasad:                Provisions are adequate if you really look at it, but with all that what has happen now, 
The Supreme Court and other Directors that have come in, now is the time to really find 
out whether the provisions are going to be very good or not. What is important is that 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
whether the Company is geared and has ensured that the provision coverage ratio and 
other things improve, that’s very, very important and significant. We look at the book 
and see how it pans out and we will continue to improve it required the provisions that 
are there, what we have done this year is also quite significant in the way we have built 
our provisions. And we have seen to it that and I gave you the numbers of porforma 
NPAs and we have actually treated them the provision has been treated as if it would 
have become an NPA which was not there at all and I don’t think the whole portfolio will 
become NPA. But as a prudent exercise we went ahead and we provided for that 
portfolio also and we made a disclosure also which is important that this is the position 
and this is the risk if anybody would like to look at it that this is the magnitude of the risk 
that is sitting on the book. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Subrat Tiwari from SBI Life. Please go 
ahead. 
Subrat Tiwari: 
First was on the collection numbers. So, in June the total collections were around INR 
550 odd crores excluding the amount received from sell downs, what is it in September? 
Ajay Gupta: 
INR 1200 crores. 
Subrat Tiwari: 
Without factoring in any sell down, etc.? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Yes. 
Subrat Tiwari: 
Okay. And when you said 95% is the overall collection efficiency, is there any breakup 
between retail and corporate there? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
This is on retail side.  
Subrat Tiwari: 
95% of it and on the wholesale side?  
 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Actually, on wholesale it is about billing and receiving, separately we can connect and 
give this information.  
Subrat Tiwari: 
Sure. No worries, my last question is on the restructuring part. So what is your thought 
process, have any developers or even corporates come and approached you for 
restructuring or what percentage of book could be restructured?  
Ajay Gupta: 
It is little again premature we got our board approved policies for restructuring. There 
are definitely few inquiries from the developers and we are evaluating it, now to 
crystallize and say that how much percentage book will actually ask for modification, 
restructuring, etc. at this stage is a little premature, give us 30 to 45 day’s time to 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
basically fathom as to how many cases will qualify and we are ready to do restructuring 
or modification. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naishee Shah from Acko General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Naishee Shah: 
So, one of the questions that I have was regarding the liquidity coverage ratio. So, would 
you be able to quantify it? 
Kapish Jain: 
So Naishee, the new regulations are applicable from December of 21 and that on a 
gradual basis starting from 50% moving to 100%. So, we have not absolutely measured 
the liquidity coverage ratio from the guidelines perspective, but given the kind of liquidity 
that we have been maintaining over the last few quarters and even now as of 30th of 
September, we are well in place to be close to 100% of the liquidity ratio that has been 
prescribed on a pure play basis not doing an HQLA kind of a definition, but on a pure 
liquidity perspective we are well in place because this liquidity is something that should 
last us for the next 90 days. So, we have adequate liquidity, we actually using this 
liquidity as a tool to pay off some of our high cost  borrowings that we have, which we 
already did last quarter and even this quarter as well. And using as well to do all kind of 
negotiation  for all our high cost borrowings. So, that’s the comfort zone where we are 
as of now. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
The repayment of high cost borrowings, the repayment of borrowings would mean that 
what he’s saying is, that we are trying to look at it and repay the high cost borrowings, 
because we have some liquidity. In fact, wherever we have repaid, we have gotten a 
very good feedback. Initially, obviously nobody would like to reduce the rate but, once 
we have taken a call, most of the financers are coming back to us and saying that okay, 
we are going to reduce and bring it down, to the present MCLRs.  
  
Naishee Shah: 
So basically, you all are drawing down your liquidity buffers since the month of 
September, if I’m not wrong? 
Kapish Jain: 
Yes, so we measure the comfort on liquidity on two basis, one is the hard liquidity that 
we hold on the balance sheet and also the kind of pipeline that we have built in for fresh 
borrowing. In aggregate if the two gives us comfort, we can play around in reducing the 
liquidity so that the load on the balance sheet comes down, but I have buffer with me. 
So since we have built a reasonably good pipeline, on lines of credit which we have not 
yet drawn, we are in a position to bring the liquidity levels down.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
Actually, in the initial four or five months, the banks and the lenders were a little slow in 
terms of looking at the limits that we had with them, and they were taking longer time to 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
give limits. Now, what we are doing is that we are anticipating three months in advance 
and if required we are going to the banks and the lenders to have improve and to 
increase the limits if required. The overall the liquidity by the hard cash with the cash 
liquidity that we maintain, and the undrawn limits that we have we will see to it that it is 
a pretty good balance and we are in a position to negotiate, we are in position to 
maintain and we are in a position to have even enough amount to lend also.  
Naishee Shah: 
Correct sir, thank you sir. Sir another question, sir you all have the net deposits of the 
Company have gone down to zero year-on-year. is there a reason why that would have 
happened, considering you all have relatively higher rates as compared to other banks 
and companies? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Actually, there has been a little slow down in terms of our deposit mobilization also, I 
agree with you there’s a little bit issues on the corporate deposits that were coming in. 
Normally the corporate is also a strong book that we built. However, this time the 
corporate book did not grow as it was. However, the new measures that we are putting, 
twice we have reduced the interest rates also but the measures that we are putting in, 
I’m sure that the second largest deposit taking HFC will ensure that there is sufficient 
growth that will come in, if you really look at it from the deposit growth that one would 
see in the market, a lot of it is coming on the CASA side and on that fixed deposits most 
of the deposits that are coming in are coming only for less than one year. So, there is a 
issue over there, sitting over there and we need to look at it and we need to see that if 
the growth is coming in those one to five year deposits, how are we paring and how our 
interest rates in terms of the market and the competition. We are continuously looking 
at it as you go forward, you will see growth on the deposit franchisee. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Sir, my question is, can you give us a picture on like what will be your closing 
moratorium as on August 31, 2020 and what will be your current liquidity when you talk 
about liquidity or the investments that you have done and the underline that you have 
had?  
Kapish Jain: 
Anuj as I mentioned, our liquidity currently is sufficient to take us for the next 90 days 
and I’m not factoring the undrawn lines that we hold, this is factoring in also the 
disbursement that we are planning, the anticipated collection that’s going to come in 
from other sources as well and my normal business operations. So with that all being 
factored in this liquidity looks to be sufficient to take us for up till the end of this quarter, 
which is Q3 has already started. Not factoring the pipeline that we hold. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Sure sir. Sir what was closing morat as on August 31? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Ajay Gupta: 
For retail it was about INR 18,000 crores book which was in moratorium as on 31st 
August 2020.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Sure sir. Sir what will be your, in the PPT that you have mentioned that you’ve said that 
on top of the regulatory provision requirement you have made a provision of around 
INR 1,332 crores, so will we take it as a COVID provision like additionally on the COVID 
that you have done this additional provisions? 
Ajay Gupta: 
We have a provision of INR 2,004 crores, the INR 1,332 crores is over and above the 
earlier IGAAP provision norms. To your second question, we are already into six months 
of COVID. So, the risk is fructified in the sense that the pandemic is there so, it is not 
possible after six months to segregate what would be my pre COVID or post COVID. 
So all these numbers are, as things stand today and looking forward how things will pan 
up, six months, 12 months or 24 months from now on which we apply macroeconomic 
factors and so the model is created.  
Anuj Sharma: 
I am saying sir, there would not be possible segregation between the total provision and 
the COVID provisions? 
Ajay Gupta: 
Yes, it is actually a futile exercise to make hypotheses that had there been no COVID 
what would it be, it is very difficult to just give, one example, for LGD how do I assume 
that if there was no COVID what would be the security cover and what would be the dip 
because, we have to see today what is the impact of security and what is my loss given 
default under the COVID scenario. So, it becomes a very hypothetical and academy 
exercise to presume that there was no COVID, there was no stress on LTVs or 
securities and then make a presumption on LGDs.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Sure. Sir just last clarification that you said moratorium you said the book is around INR 
18,000 crores in the moratorium as on August 31st the retail book. So, that means 
almost 20% of the book was under moratorium and retail and any number on corporate 
side? 
Ajay Gupta: 
We mentioned earlier that around 85% of corporate book was in moratorium as on 31st 
August 2020.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, firstly on the corporate side if you can give color in terms of what are the collections 
in the escrow which is happening for the developers whom we have lend what is the 
kind of sales and the collections that they have seen over last three to four odd months, 
just to get some sense as to how the behavior has been, and what is the kind of 
improvement that we are looking at. So maybe some more color apart from maybe what 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
we are saying that by the end of August, it was like 85% was under moratorium, but 
how to expect in terms of worth couple of quarters how they would move here? 
Ajay Gupta: 
See, my request to you would be this is too early to make any value judgment. This is, 
we all know that real estate sector and project specially the things were, because of 
lockdown things were not good in the sense that all the construction work, supply chain, 
etc. were all stopped. So, we should appreciate that this is the situation till about a one 
month back and things are opening up now. So, to make any judgment in terms of in 
30 days time how things are panning up, I can only give you one indication that yes, 
things are shaping up good for a completed units or near completed units, there is a 
surge in demand for affordable or that kind of property line. In Pune market, in Bombay 
market there is a good demand which is being generated, this is the feeling which we 
are getting and, if you look at Anarock report, in Q3 the sales number has tripled from 
the previous quarter and that is why the retail business, we see there is an off take in 
retail also, we are close to 85% of what we worked pre COVID numbers.,  
Hardayal Prasad:                We have interacted with almost all top builders and fortunately or whichever way you 
look at it, we have all the top builders of the country where we have single finances in 
some of the projects and our interaction are continuous with video conferencing and 
sometimes personal meetings and all that. Everybody is saying that the conversion at 
their office is increasing, which would mean that if there were 100 people walking-in 
and there were only 25 who were converting it, today only 50 people walk-in but maybe 
25 to 30, 50% conversion takes place, because it all the virtual imageries and other 
things being shown the people who come to the builders office, they very clearly are 
ready to buy a property that’s one thing which is very, very good. But obviously it is 
going to take time, once you have finalized the deal only then the escrow and other 
mechanism will start flowing in, in terms of the salary in terms of other things people are 
making payments, they are coming in but there are some portfolios or some segments 
in the society which have definitely have a problem. So, as the unlock starts, more or 
less it has started I will have to see unless what has happened in Europe once again, 
the second or the third round if something like that happens then it could be an issue. 
Otherwise if you look at it, the builders were saying that they are receiving good queries 
which is a very good sign and whether and the top 10 markets as Ajay mentioned, the 
top 10 markets are coming out with a solid rebound is what is our numbers very clearly 
suggests in terms of the acquisition that we are doing. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. Because some of the peers have been sharing, particularly on the corporate side 
that 80% is the collection efficiency and somewhere around 86 to 90 odd percent kind 
of escrow collection. So, I thought that maybe on a comparable basis it would really 
help so we also have some numbers to it. And secondly, maybe in terms of between 
the restructuring and DCCO extension, how do we look at it maybe, wherever the 
payment is not coming through maybe are the project such that they could get into the 
DCCO extensions without the restructuring or it would be combination of both? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Ajay Gupta: 
See Housing Finance Companies are not covered under DCCO extension. So that is 
not applicable for Housing Finance Companies, it is applicable for banks and for 
NBFCs. 
Saurabh Suri: 
We do have guidelines with respect to NHB, which allows for reschedulements once in 
a lifetime of a project because of reasons which are beyond the control of a developer. 
So, you are correct that these guidelines are available and we look at the impact of 
COVID or other circumstances on the project and we are taking a very conservative call 
as to what is required to be done, is it general stress or there is a natural impact on the 
project, and only then we look at the possibility of reschedulement in this case.You’re 
right that this is a more efficient way of doing it. But still, the way we are we are very 
conservative in our ECL provisioning, we make sure that if any kind of reschedulement 
is done, we have adequately providing in terms of initial provisions here as well.  
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And lastly in terms of this LTV and risk weight. So, any indication is it applicable 
to HFCs and do we get the benefit? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
No, the risk weights  that have been announced by the Reserve Bank of India presently 
are only for the banks, they have not mentioned HFCs over there. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, so it’s not applicable to HFCs at this point of time? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
As of now yes but we have taken it up obviously, and we would like that it is extended 
but NHB is maybe looking at it and they’ll come out with some structure, because then 
Reserve Bank of India this is for the consumption of each one of you, when circulars 
come out from Reserve Bank of India they are very clearly mentioning whether it is for 
the banks, it is for NBFCs and it is for HFCs. So, when it doesn’t mention it is not 
applicable to the HFCs. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakhar from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Prakhar: 
ust wanted a clarification on the collection information that we have shared, so you 
clarified that on the moratorium loans about 19% have not paid a single installment, and 
so that will be approximately 8% of the loan book and you’ve also mentioned that on 
overall basis, you’re collecting 94%, 95% in September. So just wanted to understand 
that are these mutually exclusive numbers or basically the 94%, 95% applies to non-
moratorium book only, or have the moratorium guys started to pay very well from 
September itself? 
Ajay Gupta: 
When we give collection efficiency of 94%, 95% this is on overall basis. So, what I have 
billed, what I have collected. So, customers who were in moratorium on 31st August, 
and came out of moratorium we have billed them. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
  
Hardayal Prasad: 
EMIs were supposed to be received by us, out of that how much was received. And if 
he’s out of the moratorium, well we are going to bill him. So out of the whole EMIs that 
the Company is going to bill, 95% is coming back which is in my opinion keeping in view 
of what is happening around, our field collection team or otherwise digital or the phone 
collection, the tele calling and other things have been very, very useful in terms of 
getting back those kinds of efficiencies. I’m not saying that others are not doing it, I’m 
just saying that we have been equally good.  
Prakhar: 
But just to reconfirm this part, so basically when you had this 19% of the moratorium 
clients not even paying a single installment maybe 94%, 95% of those guys also paid 
the September dues is that a fair way to understand?  
Hardayal Prasad: 
Obviously there will be, when we were talking about 80%, 81% and 19%, that was only 
for the five months, six months of moratorium period.  
Prakhar: 
And this 94%, 95% would not be inclusive of pre-payments and loan transfers, etc.?  
Hardayal Prasad: 
No, it doesn’t include that. That’s why I said it’s a great number.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atishay Jain from ICICI. Please go 
ahead. 
Atishay Jain: 
My question is around growth, so what are you thinking about the growth in the coming 
quarters and how has that AUM behaved in terms of growth or de-growth this quarter, 
versus the last quarter versus the same quarter last year? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
The numbers you can give Kapish, but in terms of the growth that we are looking it’s 
going to be very, very calibrated growth. We are looking at gradual growth, we are 
looking at lower risk weight assets to be built. Those are some of the important thing 
that we are going to, we are going to look at the book which are the profitable segments 
within the home loan. Those are the areas that we are going to concentrate, we are 
going to look at the demand, we are going to look at the category of customers is coming 
from salaried, within the salaried it’s coming from government, comes from the MNC,  
comes from the category B of the type of companies where the salaries are being paid 
or if there is a decline in the salary, what is the decline, everything is being factored in. 
So, it’s very, very calibrated in terms of the way we are going to increase then the growth 
will take place. Despite all these checks and balances and the underwriting tightening 
that is taking place, we still feel that there are a lot of eligible customers with almost 
about 70% of the acquisition or the pipeline that comes on the funnel is getting approved 
which very clearly means that there is a large number of people who fit into this whole 
scheme of things are actually getting cleared for giving a loan. So as we go forward, 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
gradually we will see that how the book will actually pan out and we’ll see, but let me 
assure you once again, that it is going to be lower risk weight assets that we are going 
to acquire, assets where the NPAs are low or the segments where NPA is lower. The 
retail book will grow accordingly.  
Kapish Jain: 
Like what I mentioned earlier, the AUM has actually gone down from last quarter 
marginally by around 3%. There are two elements of that, one is that we’ve also grown 
in a very muted, controlled manner so disbursement has been quite muted at about INR 
2,400 crores for this particular quarter, which is 50% to lower to what we had same time 
last year.  
Atishay Jain: 
I am sorry, 3% is de-growth this quarter? 
Kapish Jain: 
The AUM has de-grown from last quarter of June 21, FY20 by around 3%, if you 
compare to September 19 is gone down by around 8%. The one  reason why the AUM 
has come down this quarter is because we have grown in a very muted manner and 
some bit of book has also run out with opening up the market and with the price 
differential which MD highlighted earlier.  
Atishay Jain: 
So you are saying quarter one has de-grown by 3% and quarter two has de-grown by 
8%? 
Kapish Jain: 
Quarter two over quarter one has de-grown by 3%. Quarter two this year over quarter 
two last year the AUM has de-grown by 8%. 
Atishay Jain: 
Okay. All right and what are the future projections like for the AUM growth. How are we 
planning to grow that even next year or probably in the coming quarters any sense on 
that? 
Kapish Jain: 
So as we highlighted in quarter one as well as our outlook, we would have a flattish kind 
of a AUM this particular year and depending on how the COVID pans out and thing 
shape in, and post raising of equity then we should be able to focus more on building 
the book and the business on the growth side. But whichever way the focus would be 
on the retail side and lower risk weight assets. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
That is why it is on strengthening the balance sheet, on cost optimization, the revenue 
optimizations and see to it that we have a very calibrated growth. A middle single digit 
level growth if it comes it is going to be great, the expectation is around 5% to 6% that 
everybody is looking at, but I would not know that how we are going to grow at this 
stage. Effort is going to be there; the market scanning is going to continue to take place 
and we’ll see that how we would like to go forward.  

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
Atishay Jain: 
And can you also give us a sense on the delinquencies how they have moved this 
quarter versus last year’s and split in terms of corporate and retail? 
. 
Ajay Gupta: 
We do not share segregation of corporate and retail because of reasons I explained 
earlier, September 19 the stage three basically 0.8% was the number and now it is the 
number is given for September 20. 
Atishay Jain: 
GNPA is 0.8%? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Retail GNPA is at 1.23%, and corporate GNPA is at 7.6% as on 30th September, 2020.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
Yes, and we have also actually mentioned regarding the Proforma gross NPA if actually 
those accounts which were after the moratorium, that would go up to 3.04% then from 
2.59%, a marginal increase but we have disclose those numbers for the benefit of you. 
And adequately provided I did mention to you that’s very important, will be treated as if 
they would have become NPA and we have made a provision based on the modeling 
that this is the provision that we would have made if the account was an NPA 
accordingly the provisions have been built in. 
Moderator:  
We take the next question from the line of Vishnu Soni from Bharti AXA. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishnu Soni: 
So, we have been seeing like liquidity is comfortable so can you tell me the number 
what is liquidity available as on 30th September and also the bucket wise breakup for 
the ALM?  
Kapish Jain: 
So, as I mentioned our liquidity we should always measure how much is liquidity there 
to suffice and support the balance sheet, as I mentioned the liquidity is there to support 
for the next 90 days from the reporting day and we have a healthy pipeline attached to 
it which we are also in, which we have lined up with the banks and borrowing is thus 
there in the plan, and on the number is around INR 7,500 crores. And with regard to 
buckets, the buckets are also fairly comfortable and this liquidity, as I said is giving us 
a good impetus for us and therefore the buckets across up till one year is also looking 
very comfortable.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
That is part of the ALM management and we would ensure that the regulatory ALM 
management is always ensured, all the buckets right up to 15 days to three months to 
six months or nine months they’ll all be maintained. So, when actually the CFO talks 
about the liquidity, he is talking it that he is very well managed the quarter end liquidities 
and the bucket wise liquidity all these things have been taken into account as part of an 
ALM exercise. So, that way you can be assured that we as, that is what is reported, if 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
we report, if there are mismatches the next day I will get a, next day probably at 9 
O’clock, 10 O’clock somebody from Reserve Bank of India is going to call me, they talk 
to me on that. That way we are pretty well managed. 
Vishnu Soni: 
So you said it is comfortable up to one year. So is there any mismatch in the period 
beyond one year?  
Kapish Jain: 
No, I only answered that question from a liquidity management and liquidity is more 
relevant for the shorter window in particular, we are fairly comfortable right up to one-
year window.  
Vishnu Soni: 
Okay. And sir how much is the undrawn credit lines facility available as of now, on 30th 
September? 
Kapish Jain: 
It is reasonably sufficient, it’s far higher than what we had as of June as well. And that’s 
precisely what is giving us the comfort that we are on the right foot from a liquidity 
perspective and we are there for using that as a tool to negotiate on reducing our pricing 
for the current high cost borrowings that we have. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Little premature to say that we are also discussing with all the large lenders for reviewing 
our limits and if there are other borrowings that we can have. So, this is a work-in-
progress and we will continuously look at it. So, that next three months if they take about 
a month or so, three months for giving us revised limits or enhanced limits, we will 
continue to actually look at those options and we will continue to build the limits that are 
required by the Company.  
Vishnu Soni: 
That time it was around INR 5,400 crores in last quarter. So, just wanted to compare 
the number as of now we have but now, I find it’s under discussion, it is? 
Kapish Jain: 
Gentleman, I just mentioned to you that we are better placed on liquidity than what it 
was even in last quarter, so that should give you the comfort. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will be taking the last question now. We take the 
question from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. Please go ahead.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
I just wanted to understand, on the projects that you have financed, in how many cases 
there is a last mile funding or new financer or somebody or SWAMIH over there? 
Saurabh Suri: 
SWAMIH has identified around, seven to eight projects of ours for last mile funding, but 
that’s not a preferred route for us to be very frank, because that requires ceding first 
priority charge in favor of SWAMIH. So, we do understand that projects need funding 
at last mile if they are working capital shortage there. And we are looking at various 
avenues not just SWAMIH to get that done. So, though this is available, SWAMIH is 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
available but it’s not a huge success in the market because of the construct of this 
scheme right now.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
But you would have got a last mile financer in any of the projects by seeing the superior 
charge or that the policy would not see the superior charge? 
Saurabh Suri: 
As the policies are not very comfortable ceding first charge, whereas we’re looking at 
various other options in terms of doing bulk sales, liquidating certain inventories in the 
project. So that liquidity is available. So, other options structured options, rather than 
actually ceding first charge and losing control of the project.  
Hardayal Prasad:                Lot of options are being looked at on the corporate book to see to it that the large 
projects what can be done in terms of bringing strategic people and everything strategic 
investor, strategic builder or whosoever is so, everything is being looked at SWAMIH is 
one of them, not that we are out of it, but the construct in such a way I cannot have 
anything which is unfavorable for the Company, the Company has to have its security 
coverage’s both on the  overall security and also on the receivable and to ensure that 
what is the amount that is required to be brought in to complete the project and see that 
what is the kind of ceding that you have to do. So, we look at it everything and we are 
going to be very careful in terms of protecting your Company.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Okay, just one last thing. I don’t know if this was mentioned earlier, because I joined a 
little late, but can you give a medium-term guidance on the ROA and ROE for the 
company? 
Kapish Jain: 
In quarter one we did give that outlook because we thought that there were some 
disparity in what market is looking at and what we are envisaging for ourselves. So for 
now we stick to those numbers so you can go back to and refer to what we had given 
in quarter one.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi for closing comments. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call. If you have any questions unanswered, 
please feel free to get in touch with Investor Relations. The transcript of this call will be 
uploaded on our website. Thank you.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
Thank you very much, everyone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PNB Housing Finance 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
October 29, 2020 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Responses to the unanswered queries: 
 
1) 
Moratorium Book update 
Retail Book – Retail moratorium book as on 31st August 2020 was around INR 18,000 crore. Out of this 
in the month of September 2020, 81% have paid one or more EMI.  
• 
Corporate Book - Corporate moratorium book as on 31st August 2020 was around 87%. Out of this in the 
month of September 2020, 85% have paid. 
 
2) 
Collection Efficiency 
• 
Retail – The collection efficiency is about 95% in September 2020. The field collections which remain 
restricted due to COVID-19, has shown signs of improvements. As the market starts unlocking, the 
avenues for resolution will also advance and the impact on bucket three and NPA will reduce. We have 
also intensified our efforts to resolve the accounts through auction, OTS, etc. They have borne good 
results as we have been able to dispose of some assets. 
 
• 
Corporate – The collection efficiency is around 75% in September 2020, which is total billed to paid. If 
accelerated pre-payments, collections from sale of asset/recovery is included, the collection efficiency is 
over 85%. 
 
3) 
Break-up of the advances outstanding SMA/overdue categories, where the moratorium/deferment was 
extended, as per the COVID 19 regulatory package as at February 29,2020 is as follows reported in 
financial statement as on 30th September 2020:  
Particulars 
Amount 
(in INR Crore) 
Retail 
1,842.2 
Corporate 
3,301.7 
Total 
5,143.8 
 
4) 
Details of Product wise Yields as on 30th September 2020 is as follows: 
 
 
Product wise RoI 
As on 30th September 2020 
Individual Housing Loan 
~9.5% 
Loan Against Property 
~10.6% 
Retail: 
~9.8% 
Construction Finance 
~13.8% 
Corporate Term Loan 
~13.6% 
Corporate: 
~13.5% 
