CSO & Corporate Office: 
6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, 
MIDC, Andheri (E) Mumbai‐400 093. 
Tel: (022) 40003600  |  Fax: (022) 39357699 
Regd Office: 
G‐1, Ackruti Trade Centre, MIDC, Road No‐7, 
Andheri (E), Mumbai ‐ 400 093.  
Tel: (022) 68070100  |  Fax:(022) 68070107 
E‐mail: support@angelbroking.com, 
Website: www.angelbroking.com 
Angel Broking Limited 
CIN: U67120MH1996PLC101709 
SEBI Registration No Stock Broker: INZ000161534, CDSL: 
IN‐DP‐384‐2018, PMS: INP000001546, Research Analyst: 
INH000000164, Investment Advisor: INA000008172, AMFI 
Regn. No. ARN–77404, PFRDA, Regn. No.‐19092018. 
November 1, 2020 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Service  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalai Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Symbol: ANGELBRKG 
Scrip Code: 543235 
Dear Sirs,  
Sub: Filing of the transcript of earnings call with analysts and investors under 
Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
Further to our intimation on October 25, 2020 intimating of the earnings call with analysts 
and investors to be hosted by the Company on October 27, 2020, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the said earnings call for your reference and records.  
The transcript of the earnings call will be posted on the Company’s website at 
www.angelbroking.com. 
You are requested to take note of the same.  
Thanking you, 
For Angel Broking Limited 
Naheed Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
PATEL 
NAHEED 
REHAN
Digitally signed by PATEL NAHEED 
REHAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=400059, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=333b54bd95a7b4b720
66364d67a6162749f8eacabfc4132538
e641ebee970e18, cn=PATEL NAHEED 
REHAN 
Date: 2020.11.01 13:40:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Angel Broking Limited 
Q2 FY2021 Conference Call” 
 
October 27, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANSUMAN DEB – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DINESH THAKKAR - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ANGEL BROKING LIMITED 
MR. VINAY AGRAWAL - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
ANGEL BROKING LIMITED 
MR. VINEET AGRAWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
ANGEL BROKING LIMITED 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Angle Broking Limited Q2 FY2021 
earnings conference call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statement about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions 
and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ansuman Deb from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over 
to you Sir! 
Ansuman Deb: 
Thank you Faizan. Good morning ladies and gentleman, ICICI Securities is delighted to 
host Q2 FY2021 results conference call of Angel Broking Limited. We have with us Mr. 
Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Vinay Agrawal, Chief Executive 
Officer and Mr. Vineet Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer. Without further ado, I would hand 
over floor to the management for their initial remarks post which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. Over to you Sir! 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you very much. I am Dinesh Thakkar, CMD Angel Broking Limited. Good morning 
everybody. 
 On behalf of Angel Broking Limited, I extend a warm welcome to everyone for joining us 
on this maiden earning call today. I hope you and your near ones are safe and healthy in this 
unprecedented times of COVID pandemic. 
 Let me begin by thanking our shareholders for their response to our recent IPO. We 
continue to strengthen the brand equity of Angel Broking and strongly believe we have a 
huge opportunity going forward. Since some of you may be hearing us for the first time 
today, let me give you a brief overview about Angel Broking and then our team will walk 
you through operational and financial performance. 
 Angel Broking is one of the largest digital retail broking house in India. Over the last couple 
of years, we have focused on transforming ourselves into becoming a digital power house of 
broking industry. We have invested our time and energy to transition from tech savvy and 
physical branch led model to completely digital player. We are today harnessing the benefit 
of digitization as we acquire customers across different tiers, cities and gain market share 
exponentially across segments.  

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 We have overhauled all of our processes right from sourcing and acquiring our customer to 
servicing then digitally: 
1) 
We have seamless and efficient account opening process wherein the customer 
can open an account and start to trade in less than 10 minutes. 
2) 
More than 99% of the order placed by our direct clients are seamlessly executed 
online. 
3) 
We proficiently use artificial intelligence and machine learning analytics to drive 
customer engagement and service activities. 
4) 
Our best in class products and services including proprietary digital advisory 
services through our flagship product, ARQ, are only some testaments to our 
endeavor to become fully digital. 
 We pioneered the concept of Robo-Advisory in India through our flagship product called 
ARQ. ARQ provides equity advisory service based on alpha generating algorithms that take 
into account multiple fundamental and quantitative factors. 
 Our other product Angel Bee, one of our new products will be commercially launched over 
the next couple of quarters. Through this app, we intend to target clients who are eager to 
enter market through indirect Investments. This app is suitable product for investors based 
on their risk appetite and the recommendation would be based on their financial goals. 
 Using our digital properties successfully, we aim to become market leaders. Having already 
moved from yield base broking revenue model to a flat fee based broking revenue model, 
today, we charge Rs.0 for all delivery orders and flat fee of Rs.20 per order for all other 
segments. 
 The confluence of robust digital infrastructure and the best pricing model has accelerated 
our growth with multifold across all parameters. As a result, we had close to 39% of our 
overall client being active as on September 2020, making us one of the few players 
outperforming industry on active client basis. 
 As we move ahead 
1) 
We plan to continue our focus on product innovation. 
2) 
Provide an open source platform 
3) 
Integrate more third party applications 
4) 
Augment over Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning capabilities to 
provide better than before personalized digital experience to our clients. 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 21 
5) 
Engage with third party providers to widen our product basket, 
6) 
Finally capitalized on the huge opportunity emanating from growing investible 
wealth in India. 
 With this I now invite our CEO, Vinay Agrawal to take you through our operational 
performance. 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Thank you Dineshbhai. Good morning to everyone present on our first earning call. Q2 
FY2021 has been a remarkable quarter for us, as we continue a sustained and high growth 
trajectory across all our business parameters. We witnessed 1) 59% growth in our new net 
client addition on quarter-on-quarter basis in Q2 FY2021 to 540,000 new customers as 
compared to 340,000 additions in Q1 of this year. This addition to our client roster is not a 
one or two quarter phenomenon, but it is something that we have witnessed and sustained 
for the last 18 months now. Majority of our customers acquired come from Tier-3 and 
beyond cities. Since we have been targeting younger, mobile and tech savvy customers, the 
average age of the customers acquired has steadily declined to 30 years now. 2) The robust 
client addition translates in a 15.8% market share in incremental Demat account which 
means that 1 in every 7 Demat accounts that are opened in India are with Angel. 
 This sustained rate of client addition also helps us to expand our funnel on active clients. 
Due to this, our overall equity average daily turnover breached Rs.1 lakh Crores mark for 
the first time in our history on a quarterly basis. Our growth in ADTO over the last 18 
months is 7x faster than the industry. We have also gained market share across segments 
cash, F&O and commodities. 
 From Q1 FY2020 to Q2 FY2021, our retail turnover based market share grew 3.6x in F&O 
segment to 12.1% now. It grew 2.3x in commodity segment to 28.4%. It grew 1.4x in the 
cash segment to now 18.3% market share and it grew 3.3x in our overall retail equity 
segment to 12.3%. 
 Using our Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning capabilities, we have been 
successful in activating more clients from our overall client pool. Our market share in NSE 
active client has also steadily increased to 7.1% at the end of Q2 FY2021 up from 4.4% in 
FY2018. 
 As Dinesh Bhai mentioned, close to 39% of our overall active client base remains active as 
of September 2020. This is significantly higher than the industry average of 30.5%. As our 
client base expanded, so did our overall active client base. We continue to witness the 
benefits of digital model in our business, which is giving us operating leverage visible in 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 21 
our financial performance, which I will now request Vineet Agrawal, our CFO to give you 
brief on. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you Vinay. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. 
 I will take you through the financial snapshot for the quarter. As explained earlier, we 
achieved 59% sequential growth in our gross client additions, 107% sequential growth in 
our average daily turnover, 412 basis points expansion in our overall retail equity ADTO 
market share and strong quarterly average lending book of Rs.826 Crores. This translated 
into 29% sequential growth in our revenues to Rs.318 Crores, which is further bifurcated as 
gross booking income which accounted for 70% of revenues, interest income which 
includes interest on client funding book and fixed deposit interest which accounted for 17%, 
depository income accounted for 7%, income from distribution of mutual funds, insurance 
product accounted for 1% and others 5%. 
 Our gross broking income is further split into brokerage earned from cash and F&O 
segment, each contributing about 45% followed by commodity and currency at 10% and 1% 
respectively. After paying commission to our authorized persons, 70% of our net broking 
income was contributed by direct clients and balance by clients of our authorized persons. 
 Since we transformed into fully digital company, with majority of the transformation related 
costs already incurred over the last couple of years, we experienced benefit of operating 
leverage. As our topline grew, there was less than proportionate increase in our cost. This is 
seen from a consistent expansion of our earnings before depreciation, amortization and tax 
EBDAT margin from 30% in Q2 of FY2020 to just over 49% in Q2 of FY2021. 
 With no major depreciation related impact, our profit from continuing operations too grew 
by 55% sequentially in Q2 of FY2021 to Rs.74.6 Crores. Our trailing 12 months profit 
stood at 183.4 Crores translating into EPS of Rs.22.4 per share when calculated on our 
expanded equity base. 
 Our H1 FY2021 revenue and profit from continuing operations stood at Rs.565 Crores and 
Rs.123 Crores respectively. Our H1 FY2021 annualized ROE stood at 31% despite an 
expanded networth owing to our recently concluded IPO. 
 We continue with our practice of paying dividend regularly and hence announce a second 
interim dividend of Rs.4.15 per share in the current quarter as well. 
 With this I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further discussion on our 
quarterly performance. 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Jehan Bhadha from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Jehan Bhadha: 
Good morning everyone and congratulations for very good results. Basically on the 
discount broking front, yours is the first company that is organizing such a call, so firstly on 
the basics if we see there is only Zerodha which is the leader which is able to make good 
profit margins and ROE and other smaller discount broking companies are just around 
breaking even, so if you can throw some light on basics of discount broking dynamics what 
is the number of customers to required to achieve break even to kind of generate 25%, 30% 
ROE, what numbers are required and second question is if you can bifurcate this 30%, 31% 
ROE which you did in H1 if you can bifurcate between traditional and your discount 
broking, so how much money you made in both the business separately? Thank you. 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Thank you for your question. First to tell you in discount broking what is really required to 
become profitable is the scale and size. I do not have a very perfect number what the 
volume and at what turnover, you start becoming profitable, but clearly we have achieved 
that scale and size that is why you can clearly see that we are not only highly profitable, but 
we are also able to maintain the growth momentum. So that is how to answer your first 
question what is important is that you achieve a scale and size so that you really become 
profitable, because what you are really doing is you are giving lower brokerage rate to the 
customers. So once you have achieve a scale and size then your cost does not go up, 
because you know that customers are served digitally and we have clearly achieved that 
scale and size and that is why we are profitable. With regards to the second question, you 
can take it like this bulk of our direct business currently is into the new brokerage plan 
which is like Re.0 and Rs.20, Re.0 for delivery and Rs.20 for all other trades, so bulk of our 
direct business is into this new plan. 
Jehan Bhadha: 
You meant to say that discount broking business is also making as good an ROE as the 
traditional business? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Absolutely. 
Jehan Bhadha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Atul Mehra: 
Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for the good results. Just a 
couple of questions; one is in terms of large part of business today is coming in from cash 
intraday and given the stricter, in terms of SEBI norms that we are now getting into, what 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 21 
do you think is the likely impact going to be on the cash intraday volumes, do you see that 
shifting to F&O henceforth given the upfront margin requirements and so on, so any 
comments on that firstly? Thank you. 
Vinay Agrawal: 
If you look at the upfront margin requirement, now it is applicable for both similarly like 
cash segment and F&O in both cases, you have to give upfront margins. So there is now no 
difference, earlier there was an advantage in the cash segment where there was no 
regulatory requirement of giving upfront margin. Now that also kind have been leveled, so 
now if you ask me today for future & options as well as cash segment, the margin 
requirements are absolutely the same that is why we do not believe, we will see shift in the 
business from one segment to the other segment. 
Atul Mehra: 
How do you see the impact of that so I think in November or sometime we will see another 
round of phase wise in terms of happening, in terms of margin restrictions, so how do you 
see the impact on cash volumes, intraday volumes going forward? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Again as I said, there is no difference between cash and F&O, so I do not believe that there 
will be difference between cash and F&O going forward also. Secondly I think the new 
regulation that are coming into play have been kind of spelled out quite long back so I 
believe most of the broking house and we are fully geared up to implement the new 
regulations. As regards to the exchange volumes, if you look at the history, SEBI regularly 
has been coming out with new kind of regulation time to time and this has only helped more 
retail participation, this has only helped the overall exchange volumes to grow because it 
brings more transparency and more safety to the customers. 
Atul Mehra: 
Second is more on the competitive landscape in discount broking, I think latest launch have 
been by PayTM on discount, wherein especially on the pricing, they have little bit in terms 
of more lenient versus players like us, so how do you see the evolving landscape in terms of 
discount broking where even some of the other traditional brokers are also now morphing 
into discount broking, so how do you see this evolving and what would be the impact that 
we might see on this going forward? Would you at any point in time want to change your 
pricing of Rs.20 a trade or you are all clear that you all do not want to be playing the pricing 
game and may be will get other value adds and so on, any comments on this? Thank you. 
Vinay Agrawal: 
I will request Dineshbhai to take this question please. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Pricing has never been the only criteria of growing your business in terms of scale and size. 
The broking industry particularly you require a lots of domain knowledge & using 
technology and just being a person into multiple businesses is not going to give you a sharp 
service, what the customer requires. My experience is already we have seen in the market, 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 21 
there are a few players who came with Rs.10 a order or even somewhere near there, they 
were unable to achieve a scale and size. I believe that the kind of trust that people have on 
us and the service that we provide to users that helps us to achieve a scale and size which 
has helped us to achieve operating levers that already we have build in. So now I do not 
think pricing is a concern for us, but in fact what is important is that one has to look at, this 
market is going totally digital and we are seeing the big growth on digital side. So given the 
size and scale that we have, I think we have been major beneficiary if we get in digital 
player would be able to expand the market, I see this as a complementing to our expanding 
market share. 
Atul Mehra: 
One final question in terms of given the traction on new customer acquisition has been very 
good for us, is there any particular aspirational market share number that we are looking at 
three years down the line or something of that sort? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Our aspirations are to become number one player in digital stock broking and when it 
comes to digital players I think top four or five would be having more than double digit 
number and we are already at number four and in terms of incremental client for this H1 we 
are at number three, so the aspiration is target to be number one in broking industry. 
Atul Mehra: 
Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jamil Ansari from Bajaj Allianz Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Jamil Ansari: 
Thanks and good morning everyone. Of the total brokerage income, how much of that is 
coming directly and how much is towards the authorized person? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
On a net brokerage basis, 70% of our income comes from direct clients and 30% comes 
through our authorized persons. 
Jamil Ansari: 
The income from the authorized person is booked in revenue line and payout is there in the 
expenses, right?  that is the way it is being accounted or only the net is booked? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
The income is booked in the income line and the expenses are part of the expenses. The 
payout is part of the expenses. 
Jamil Ansari: 
So that negative growth is expenses is what you would have paid out to the sub-brokers? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Jamil Ansari: 
In terms of our customer acquisition cost, how is that running on the time? 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Vinay Agrawal: 
If you see we have been able to really create a very strong digital platform for ourselves and 
that is why we are able to really control our customer acquisition cost, so we have been able 
to really fairly maintain it at a good level which makes us very, very profitable and we are 
able to really expand our customer as you have seen from our number at a decent price. 
Jamil Ansari: 
Even when our customer acquisition has gone up some 2x, 3x on a Y-o-Y period, employee 
cost broadly is flat, so is that possible that you are acquiring customer without incurring any 
employee cost? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
As I was repeating we have become a fully digital organization, so in fact we have 
practically closed all our B2C branch offices. So, completely our whole digital acquisition, 
all of our acquisition is happening digitally, 100% digitally for our direct clients. That is 
why you will see not a big change in the employee cost as we are growing our customer 
acquisition numbers. We have become a fully digital Sir, so as we have become fully 
digital, all our clients we acquire them through digital methods. 
Jamil Ansari: 
Given that most of our revenues are linked to numbers of orders to actual turnover in rupees 
Crores, should it be also start reporting in terms of yields per order basis I think that would 
be more reflective of the performance? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
I take your suggestion Sir. Currently, it is a very, very straight, we charge zero rupees for 
delivery based order and we charge Rs.20 for all other orders, it is really as simple as that. 
Jamil Ansari: 
So there is no change in the yields right, there is no movement in the yields on per order 
basis? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Yes. There is nothing to really look at it because it is so simple and straight. 
Jamil Ansari: 
Finally on the dividend side, you announced a dividend of Rs.4.15 this time, but overall 
what is the policy like, what kind of payout are you looking at? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Being into digital business and being into business which is asset light, I think with our 
strong operating levers and sustainable growth, we will be able to maintain this dividend 
payout, because we do not require huge cash flow to maintain our business expansion. So 
growth would be there but in terms of requirement of capital, I think we are fairly 
capitalized now to take care of this and maintain this dividend payout. 
Jamil Ansari: 
Should one expect a 60% or 70% payout in the dividend? 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
That we will see as per our business growth, it is after a few quarters that we will take a 
final call on what is the cash requirement for business to grow. but what I am saying is that 
to maintain this payout what we have announced, it is possible. 
Jamil Ansari: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations for the quarter. First on the operating 
expenses, how should we think about operating expenses going forward because you 
mentioned that you may not be incurring operating expenses to acquire these set of clients, 
so do you expect the operating expenses will remain broadly flat? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Thank you for the question. Since we have a fully digital organization, you know, you will 
not see a significant increase in our costs compared to the growth in the customer base or 
revenue because now all our customers trade with us digitally. So, you will see a much 
smaller increment in our costs compared to the growth in the revenue and the customer 
base. The only costs which will grow in proportion to the customer acquisition would be the 
customer acquisition cost. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sir, can you share the operating expenses in related to the advertisement as well as 
information technology for the quarter? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
As we have become a complete digital organization, we have moved away from the 
traditional advertising methods. So, you will not see our advertisement in the traditional 
methods which is like more around TVs and outdoors, so bulk of our now advertisements 
would be on the digital side and that is counted primarily as a part of the cost of acquisition. 
So, you will not necessarily see now decent amount of increment in terms of our 
advertisement cost. That cost is more or less stable now. With regards to your IT and 
technology cost, fairly large amount of team working on the digital side, so I can tell you 
the number of senior, we have more than 250+ senior employees who are working on the 
technology and the digital and product side to give and create products which gives better 
customer experience. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Can you share details from the ARQ platform and mutual fund how is the traction there, 
what is the percentage or what number of customers are subscribing to these products and 
what is the AUM outstanding as of this month? 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Vinay Agrawal: 
I do not have the readily data of the number of customers, but what I can tell you is lot of 
customers use this as the stepping stone to enter into the stock market. So, what we find is 
lot of customers when they open an account with us and where they need guidance they use 
this as a channel to understand the markets, to decide which stocks to invest in and then 
they enter the market and then as they learn it, they then use various channels or their own 
research to decide where to invest and how to invest. Regarding your second question about 
the mutual fund AUM, I do not have the latest number, but I believe it was hovering at 
around Rs 900 Crores a few days back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kajal Gandhi from ICICI Direct. 
Please go ahead. 
Kajal Gandhi: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. On the customer addition side, the number is quite 
substantial in Q2 versus Q1. So, what is the colour on the types of customers and in terms 
of breakup like how much must have authorized channel contributed like? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Thanks for your question. If you look at the demographic breakup bulk of our customers as 
I shared, are coming from Tier III cities. So, close to 55% of our customers are coming from 
Tier III Cities. They are young in age so, most of them the average age is around 30 years 
now. As regards to the breakup out of the approximately 540,000 customers that we have 
acquired in the Q2, 440,000 customers were acquired directly through our direct customer 
acquisition channel and approximately 100,000 customers were acquired through our 
authorized person. 
Kajal Gandhi: 
Sir, in that acquisition model also do you provide any commission, authorized channel? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
See, in authorized channel as I shared, we share the revenue with our business partners. 
Kajal Gandhi: 
Second thing on the rise in the F&O volume quarter-on-quarter is very sharp, so what can 
be the reason or have we added any ALGO players in that? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Not really. So we are very, very focused retail broking house. We do not do anything other 
than retail. So, we have zero prop book, zero institution or HNI book. Everything is purely, 
purely retail. What you can see our market share in the cash segment is already at around 
18%. So, I believe that F&O has to catch up. So, at some point in time because we are 
acquiring, and this market share is only of retail. Since, we are acquiring large number of 
retail customers, eventually you will find that our market share across cash segment, F&O 
and commodities is kind of will merge towards a very, very similar number. Since it was 
low in the past, you are seeing a huge growth there. 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Kajal Gandhi: 
One bookkeeping question, quarter-on-quarter your other expenses has gone up, Rs 36 
crores to Rs 60 crores? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
As you know we have increased our client addition from 340,000 odd to 540,000 in Q2 and 
bulk of this cost is attributable to this increase in the client base in the client additions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. Couple of questions; I just want to know what 
actually is the expense that you incurred to acquire clients? What is the cost per add in 
customers? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Thank you for asking this question, but since this question is very relevant towards the 
competition, it is a competitive data, that is why we do not really disclose this data. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Next question would be on that are being changes in the upfront margin requirements by 
SEBI both on cash side and F&O side I think it will become applicable from December 1, 
of this year. So on the cash side, are we seeing lower volumes and meeting 20% upfront 
margins, are we seeing impact in intraday volumes, also are we what has happened to our 
BTST volume, if you could give us some colour on there and also if you can tell us what 
percentage of the F&O turnover is intraday? So maybe you can give a separate answer for 
future and separate answer for options? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Just to give you a flavor of the cash segment, since the upfront margins were implemented 
from September 1, 2020 so you are right there was a small dip in the cash segment volume 
in that particular month. But if you look at the quarter-on-quarter number, the cash segment, 
and I am talking about the retail industry volumes, so if you look at the retail industry 
volumes, in cash segment in Q1, it was around 33000 Crores which in Q2 is around 37900 
Crores. So, you are absolutely right from September 1, we saw a small dip which was 
around, if I am not wrong, it was around 15% to 20% dip in the volumes, but I believe this 
is the kind of regular ups and downs that happens in the industry. So our industry is not like 
growth and you see a very, very consistent growth. So, you see some months lower than the 
previous months, but I think the industry has already adjusted and adopted this new method. 
We are not seeing any customer queries or complaints around this upfront margin. So we 
believe the whole retail industry is already kind of accepted this new norm and the 
customers have used to trading while giving the upfront margins. As regards to your second 
question about this laws, the regulations which are getting implemented from the December 
1, as I have answered previously I believe that most of the industry is geared up for that 
implementation. At Angel Broking, we are fully geared up to implement those regulations 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 21 
and as I shared earlier we believe that SEBI has regularly been coming out with new 
regulations, transformational changes which helps to improve the transparency and safety of 
the retail customers and we are only seeing over period of time that this has only helped for 
larger retail participation with higher volumes. So, we believe that is the state that we are 
going to see in future also. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
What is the contribution of intraday trading right now or in your futures and options, total 
volumes, if you can just share that? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
I do not have a ready number for the future and options, but fairly decent amount of 
volumes happen as an intraday volumes. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pranav Gupta from Aditya Birla 
Sunlife Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Gupta: 
Just wanted to understand that what is the sustainable long-term kind of acquisition rate that 
we are looking at or what sort of levels do we feel that this high rate will flatten out on a 
more medium to long-term perspective. First question is that. 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Thank you for asking this question. In the industry, we were adding approximately around 
400,000 new Demat accounts, let us say three quarters back, now the industry is adding 
close to 11,00,000 new Demat accounts every month. So that is the change, and you will see 
the primary reason for this change is we are seeing a higher participation from a Tier III 
city. So when you look at the Tier III city, bulk of the customers are coming from Tier III 
cities and the Tier III city has the lowest penetration in India. So, if you compare a Tier I 
city equity penetration with a Tier III city equity penetration, you will find that Tier III is 
highly, highly underpenetrated. So, we believe that with digital broking houses like us who 
are able to reach out to this Tier III cities gives them a good platform and good advisory 
mechanism for them to invest in trade through us. We believe that we are going to 
continuously see higher participation coming from Tier III cities and that is why we believe 
this trend is quite sustainable. 
Pranav Gupta: 
Just as a followup on that, this is acquisition for the industry as a whole is not it a more of a 
function of partially driven by the current COVID scenario that we are facing. Should we or 
is it considered stable at a national level as well or should this sort of see some correction as 
you would be opening up or do you think that this acquisition from the Tier III cities will 
continue like this? 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Vinay Agrawal: 
It is a fair question. Let me give you some statistics. You look at Q1 versus Q2, you will 
find in Q2 the acquisition has grown versus Q1 whereas if you see the COVID thing the 
lockdown had kind of opened in Q2. So, most of the places, there was no lockdown. 
Especially if you look at Tier III cities the impact of lockdown was fairly, fairly low there. 
So, there could be some advantage of COVID, but if you see the larger advantage or the 
larger growth from retail is coming from multiple reasons. First these Tier III cities had no 
way to come into the stock market because of their sheer small size of the city, brokers were 
not able to open branch offices there. Now we and some other broking house giving 
complete digital services they are able to participate. Second, thing if you look at it they are 
youngsters. They are more connected to the real world, so they are aware about how the 
stock market behaves, what is the industry earning, how the companies are showing their 
results, so because of high speed mobile internet and with smart phone connectivity, they 
are fully connected and they are aware of what is happening around the world and that is 
why their confidence level to invest into the stock market is fairly, fairly high. The third 
important factor is if you look at the avenues of investments or wealth generation, so you 
will find at some point of time, you used to get a fair high interest rate from bank so that is 
why lot of customers will prefer to put their money into savings accounts or fixed deposits. 
That now has been going down. So I mean no longer remain attractive. So, if you look at 
equity as an asset class has become fairly very, very attractive and that is why we believe 
this trend should continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pratik Poddar from Nippon India 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Sir, just one small question, just on this other expenses is it possible for you to split between 
fixed expenses and variable? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
The way I can answer is if you look at the acquisition cost, if you just focus on the 
acquisition cost that is fairly variable cost because that depends upon how many customers I 
aspire to acquire. So, tentatively, I can tell you may be around 20% to 25% of our cost is 
fairly variable in that respect because it depends upon how many customers I want to 
acquire for the quarter. 
Prateek Poddar: 
In the other expenses right? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Yes, in the other expenses. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Secondly, I just wanted to check if you have tied up with the third party apps and have you 
rolled them out? I just wanted to check with you because I think you were supposed to roll 
it out or is it still under pilot stage? 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Very soon you will be able to see the roll out plan, so it is almost in the final stages of being 
rolled out. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Any timeline Sir, which you can think of like may be by the quarter end mostly? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Hopefully before that. 
Prateek Poddar: 
I did not understand you talked about Angel Bee app being commercially launched I did not 
understand it has already launched right, the Bee app? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
What we wanted to say was Bee is already live. We already have decent amount of 
customers using this app, but for cross sales, we have a huge base of customers now more 
than 2 million customer base, so there is a huge opportunity for us to do cross sales which 
we believe is doable through our Angel Bee app it is a complete digital platform which we 
believe we have not fully exploited and over next few quarters, we want to exploit this 
Angel Bee app that is what we call it commercially launch to exploit our existing customer 
base in selling mutual fund and insurance and other products to our existing customer base. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Sir if it is possible may be in the next couple of quarters if you could share some details on 
this Angle Bee app in terms of active users, how many cross sells have happened. What is 
the cross, I know it is a journey, but some data point would be really helpful and Sir lastly 
just wanted to check on the MTF book. How should I think about the MTF book now with 
the fund raise happening? And the IPO proceeds you have got, right? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you for this question. We raised Rs.300 Crores as a primary from the IPO and 
primarily this was for the working capital requirement. So as the funding book grows, we 
have enough headroom now to expand the funding book and utilize our own proceeds as 
well as leverage bank borrowing for the funding book. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Any thoughts about this Rs.830 Crores of funding book, how should I think about it in the 
next couple of quarters or years may be, do you plan to scale this up or limit it because the 
markets are volatile? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
I will try to answer this question. This is a more market phenomenon rather than a broker 
controlling it. So as you see small and midcap start performing and we deal with retail 
customers. We do not do HNI funding, we do not do promoters funding and also for us the 
margin funding book will grow based on how small and midcap start performing because 
these are the places where retail investors tend to invest and take margin positions. 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Manoj Bahety from Carnelian 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bahety: 
My question was on trade payables number on balance sheet Rs 1,542 Crores, is it mainly 
the float money of clients available with us? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
This is the clients funds that they place with us in anticipation of trades so as we grow the 
client additions and the overall client base grows, this pool will grow. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Just wanted to understand we also have some borrowings on balance sheet of Rs.600 Crores 
so are you planning to use this money only to take care of our requirement or this will 
continue going forward? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
The borrowing is linked to our margin trading funding book. So as per the regulations we 
are required to use a maximum of 50% of our liquid networth towards the margin funding 
book and the balance we need to borrow and in line with this regulation, we will continue to 
follow the split between our own fund usage as well as the borrowings from the banks for 
funding the margin trading funding book. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So the first question is, this number which you 
have mentioned on the presentation one out of every seven Demat accounts being opened 
by you in the Q2 of this financial year that is a very large number, so what is propelling the 
customers to join you because 80% as you said are direct acquisitions so what is the 
customer proposition vis-à-vis the other competition which is helping, these customers to 
decide to join you because this is a very large number almost 14% of incremental clients? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Thank you for asking this question. You are absolutely right. There is not really one core 
USP, this has a series of USPs that we have built overtime, which is helping us to gain this 
kind of market share. Firstly as I said we have become a complete digital organization and 
also we have really digitized our services so effectively that the customer experiences have 
improved significantly. I will give you an example if you like to have any, if you try and 
open an account with Angel Broking versus let us say any other competition, you will find 
that our KYC journey is far more superior than the competition. In flat anything between 5 
and 10 minutes, you will be not to be only able to open the account, you will be able to put 
your first trade that is how strong mechanism that we have created. This is the fastest 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 21 
available in the industry. Then once the customer opens the account the second important 
thing handholding the customer, on-boarding customers, helping him choose a specific 
stock. There again you will see as a digital organization, we are able to be complete on-
boarding digitally on a real-time basis. We use all kind of channels, whether notification or 
business Whatsapp account or an e-mail then again, we use AI and ML to segment the 
customers and give him the right kind of content or the research so he can understand which 
stock to invest in. We are the only broking house at this flat brokerage house who is 
completely digital continue to provide free research and advisory. We are the only broking 
house, so again, a new customer where he comes in and as I said average age of customer is 
30 years, bulk of them are new to the market, so they really appreciate that they are able to 
get into the app, they are able to get into the on-boarding journey. They are able to get free 
research and advisory. The fourth and very unique thing that we have created is this whole 
digital engagement program. It is very unique to us. Again, we have used lot of machine 
learning here to create a very unique digital engagement program through which we are able 
to continuously engage the customer on our app through various channels and are able to 
guide him so that he can make his first investment. So you see in terms of whole digital 
journey starting right from the KYC, till the on-boarding, till he put his first trade to then his 
further research and advisory. All of this journey is so unique, different and engaging the 
customer tend to like this and then they end up giving you more referrals to us and then 
whole organic pipeline gets created and that is why you can see the impact on our market 
share and the growth. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Was there in particular marketing program this quarter or something else which helped you 
gain the market share much more in this quarter was there something that you take this 
quarter which led to this compare to the previous quarters? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Nothing specific to answer you but I think you are only looking it Q2 versus Q1. If you look 
at our Q1 versus Q4 you would have the same question, if you look at Q4 versus Q3, you 
will have the same question so you see our growth is fairly consistent, quarter-on-quarter 
we have been growing and increasing our market share. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Secondly I was looking at one of your listed discount brokers who is your competition and 
fairly similar model. I think your customer base is around 2.5x, but your revenues are 
almost 5x of this competitor. So what explains that a) I think you need to segregate your 
traditional business if at all, what is that number? If you can give me and b) apart from that 
if you can comment what leads to almost 2x revenue per customer part of it is obviously 
traditional business and what is the other part and trying to get to that? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Thank you for asking this question. Actually, you are right our revenue per customer seems 
to be much better than counterparts and I am sure you did your math. My calculations 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 18 of 21 
shows it is more than 2x so frankly if you ask me we are very, very established broking 
house, we have been kind of domain expertise for close to two and a half decades or close 
to 25 years. We are very focused organization who does not just want to show numbers, we 
are very focused in ensuring that we acquire good quality clients so you will see all our 
programs, all our processes are designed in a method that our quality of the clients should 
be always superior. So one very good method is you have the quarterly revenue broking 
revenue for the competition, you divide it by the NSE active clients, you will always find 
the Angel Broking number seems to be little better. This is not because of the traditional 
business alone, in our direct business, bulk of direct business is flat broking plan. To do 
about two to three things. One is all quality of clients. We are very, very focused. We 
acquire customers from the channel where we really get good quality of clients. Second is I 
was just talking in the previous question, our whole digital engagement program is kind of 
unheard of, it is very unique, very, very differentiated. None of the competition you will 
find anywhere close to it, so because of our very, very strong digital engagement program, 
you will find that our customer tends to be more active with us compared to the let us say 
the competition. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Piran Engineer from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Thank you and congrats for a good quarter. Sir I just have one of the question on what 
percentage of the customers do intraday trades taking margin funding? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
We do not do margin funding for intraday customers. We only to do margin funding for our 
delivery based customers. As per regulation, we are not allowed to do margin funding to 
intraday customers. 
Piran Engineer: 
There is a regulation coming from December 1, with proper reduce the margin funding on 
intraday, I just wanted to understand how that would impact? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
When we say margin funding Sir, when we say do not consider the intraday limits that are 
given. Margin funding is purely to delivery based clients. It is not given to intraday client, it 
is not counted. Whatever margin funding numbers that we have declared or that we have 
spoken about is only margin funding to our delivery clients. 
Piran Engineer: 
None of your intraday clients take any leverage from this? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Taking leverage is different but margin funding is not given to them. Margin funding is 
something where we charge interest that is only given delivery clients. 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Piran Engineer: 
Sir another question typically in your experience over the last several years, how does the 
ARPU per customer trend overtime like does it grow over the first two, three years or does 
it remain largely stagnant? Do you see new customers generate Rs 100, next year may be Rs 
120 and then it grows and then after a few years it will stagnate or is it largely constant from 
year one itself? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
This is a little more competitive data. So we do not really disclose that but directionally 
what I can tell you, the activation reduced the ARPU increases as the customer progress 
from first year to second year to third year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Apurva Shah from Phillip 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Apurva Shah: 
Sir my first question is it possible to bifurcate this broking business into equity, MF and 
insurance? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
Currently bulk of our revenue comes from equity and MF & insurance is contributing 
almost 1% or less type. Bulk of all the revenues that you see is coming from equity. 
Apurva Shah: 
Second question is as we understand discounted or digital broking is all about disruption 
and your current efforts are really reflecting in your current growth momentum. So question 
is how do you envisage the future disruption considering enormous potential in the industry 
where many more players are expected to get aggressive. so, how do envisage future 
disruption that is question and question number two how we are prepared to in terms of 
future disruption? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
If you look at India I think we are highly underpenetrated. I do not think that people from 
tier III and all that have really participated yet and if you look at approaching this rural 
economy digital is only the way and if you look at this youth, getting their first job, first 
salary they are the one who are ready to understand this product and ready to participate. So 
I see India is highly underpenetrated market and entry of the digital players is just going to 
expand our market. I see a big opportunity in terms of our market growing first of all, 
industry overall good and digital player will help us to grow this market multifold and 
Angel being third largest player right now and having aspiration to be number one I think 
we would be a major beneficiary of this digitization and this youth millennial who are 
taking having access to the market and participating quite actively. 
Apurva Shah: 
Sir I just want to understand in terms of current disruption, what kind of margin 
sustainability do we envisage and what kind of incremental capex you need to do to 
compete with other discount brokers? 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Being a digital player, I think cost that we have occurred already has helped us to achieve 
the scale and size. Now this has led to operating leverage which we are into an advantage 
position. Like always since last 25 years, we have always disruptor in terms of giving the 
right solution to a customer at the right price. So I think we have lot of operating levers and 
is going to go in our favor. 
Apurva Shah: 
Thank you Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Babel from Subhkam Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Babel: 
Good afternoon Sir. Congrats for a good set of numbers. Actually, I got disconnected 
multiple times sorry if I am repeating the question. Sir what I need to understand is the 
sustainability of current run rates of various line items, maybe the customer addition on a 
quarterly basis, your employee cost on a quarterly basis and other expenses on a quarterly 
basis. So do you feel that since you are consistently growing can you maintain these kind of 
runrate at least in the next few quarters barring any unforeseen circumstances? 
Vinay Agrawal: 
I addressed this question earlier, but I will quickly summarise it. Bulk of the customer 
acquisitions as I shared earlier is coming from Tier-3 city where there is equity penetration 
is very, very low. You cannot compare Tier-3 penetration with the Tier-1 penetration so 
tier-3 is to catch up that is point one that is why we believe will continue to see huge 
amount of interest from tier-3 customers. The second point is because we have become 
completely digitalized and there are couple of more people like us would become 
completely digitalized, we made the whole process of investing into the stock market 
effortless, very convenient and ease for the customers to open an account to look at our 
research advisory and then finally to invest because of which again it is kind of helping 
customers from Tier-3 cities to participate. The third important that I was talking about was 
since the investment avenues in the other categories, which is like fixed deposits and 
property is not so attractive that is why equity market have become far more attractive for 
retail investors to create their wealth so because of this we believe that this trend is 
sustainable and will grow. 
Ankit Babel: 
Just in continuation with the same questions so first of all, I need to understand what kind of 
operating leverage you have now in the whole call you did emphasize a lot of times that you 
are a fully digitized company so I understand from an employee's point of view so do you 
have any operating leverage from that cost line item plus on your other expenditure also, I 
mean apart from the client acquisition costs other cost are they fixed in nature? So what I 
am trying to understand is that if you continue to add these four to five lakh customers 

 
 
 
Angel Broking 
October 27, 2020 
 
Page 21 of 21 
every quarter so again, can we have some margin improvement story also, unfolding in the 
coming few years is what I need to understand what kind of operating leverage you have? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you for this question. As you are aware that we have completely digitalized our 
business model over the last two to three years and our operating margin has been 
consistently increasing from about 30% in Q1 of FY2020 to now closer to 50% in Q2 
FY2021, which clearly demonstrates that we have been able to maintain our costs despite 
the significant increase in volume and we are hopefully going to continue with this trend in 
the foreseeable future. So we should be maintain our operating margin for the foreseeable 
future. 
Ankit Babel: 
The second and last question is it fair for us to assume that the current run rate of profits of 
around Rs.70 Crores to Rs.80 Crores in that kind of a range will continue in the near future. 
I mean, there is no risk to that barring any unforeseen circumstances? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
We would not want to give any future guidance per se. The markets are good and we are 
able to sustain the growth. 
Ankit Babel: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints we will take that as a last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you. Just to conclude India is a highly underpenetrated economy with equity product 
forming under 4% of asset. As compared to this equity penetration in other developed 
economies is more than twice that of us. We believe the current generation that is mobile 
and technology savvy will lead to growth from here on. Our role in this growth opportunity 
will be in facilitating them to invest in a right and most appropriate manner. Correct product 
suite at a simplified and uncomplicated pricing places us competitive in the industry. We 
continue to penetrate deeper into Tier-3 and beyond cities, where we believe we have only 
scratched the surface. Our personalized omni-channel digital on-boarding, coupled with best 
in class product and service will continue to delight customers always. Thank you everyone 
for joining us today for this earning call. Wish you season's greetings. Be safe. Be healthy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of ICICI Securities limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
