$ Himatsingka 
REF:HSL/SEC/2020/54 
September 11, 2020 
To 
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400001 
Script Code: 514043 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of conference call. 
To 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/ 1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: HIMATSEIDE 
Ref: Disclosure under Re ulation 30 of SEBI 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith a copy of transcript of conference call held on 
August 28, 2020. 
Please also note that the transcript of conference call will also be available on our 
website www.himalsingka.com. 
This is for your information & records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Sridhar Muthukrishnan 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Registered Office: 10/24 Kumara Krupa Road 
High Grounds, Bangalore 560 001, India 
T +91 Bo 2237 8000, F +91 Bo 4147 9384 
E hslblr@himatsingka.com 
CIN L17112KA1985PLC006647 
www.himatsingka.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 28, 2020 
 
 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, I am Madhuri, moderator for 
the conference call.  Welcome to Himatsingka Seide Ltd 1Q FY21 
post results conference call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities 
Private Limited.  As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes.  Should you need any assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
and 0 on your telephone.  Please note this conference is recorded.  
Now, I would like to hand over the floor to Ms. Prerna 
Jhunjhunwala.  Over to you ma’am.   
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you Madhuri.  Good evening everyone.  On behalf of B&K 
Securities, I would like to welcome you all for 1Q FY21 post results 
conference call of Himatsingka Seide Limited.  From the company 
we have with us the senior management, including Mr. Shrikant 
Himatsingka, Managing Director and CEO of the Company, Mr. 
K.P. Rangaraj, President – Finance and Group CFO and Mr. Ashok 
Sharma, Senior Vice President and CFO – Strategic Finance.  I 
would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka 
for the initial comments.  Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you Prerna.  I would like to start with the business update 
and outlook and then some comments on our financial performance, 
followed by Q&A.  As far as the business updates are concerned, 
let us begin with the impact the COVID-19 had on our operations.  
The Q1 FY20 operating performance has been severely impacted 
on account of COVID-19.  Our manufacturing facilities at our 
Hassan and Doddaballapur campuses along with our distribution 
facilities in North America and Europe were non-operational during 
April and most of May 2020.  This was on account of the lockdown 
imposed by the Central and State Governments, respectively.  Our 
plants commenced partial operations during the month of June.  
However, the operating conditions remained challenging due to the 
supply chain disruptions and interruptions in work force 
availability.  Therefore, the plant operations during the month of 
June were at low capacity utilizations.   
 
In addition to the above, our Client mix largely comprised of 
retailers who did not provide essential goods and services in their 
respective jurisdictions and hence were either closed or operated 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
with minimal store operations. Consequently, they either 
temporarily held and or postponed shipments scheduled for Q1 
FY21 to later dates. The 71.6% decline in Consolidated Total 
Revenues is essentially attributable to the above factors.  While we 
may face COVID-19 related interruptions from time to time, the 
ramping up of capacity utilizations across our facilities has been 
progressing well during Q2 FY21.   
 
In other business updates, the ramping up of our capacity utilization 
at our new Terry Towel facility is also progressing well. The 
utilization levels will continue to increase as we go into H2 FY21.  
The Company continues to increase its presence in the European, 
Middle East and Asia Pacific Regions.  And in addition, we also 
remain focused to enhancing our presence on e-commerce 
platforms globally.  In order to navigate the challenges on account 
of COVID-19, we have undertaken several cost optimizations 
measures, while attempting to ramping-up operations. And in 
addition, we continue to have healthy cash reserves to meet 
challenges as the ramp-up process is underway.   
 
On the order book front, while the Q2 FY21 order book looks 
healthy under the current circumstances, our H2 FY21 order 
pipeline is robust and we remain focused to surpass pre-COVID 
levels of operating performance during H2 FY21.   
 
We are also committed to optimizing our working capital cycles 
and inventory reduction measures continue to yield results.  While 
we reduced the inventory by approximately ₹90 crores during 
FY20, we continued the reduction trend and the same has come 
down by an additional ₹48 crores during the first quarter of 2021.  
We are pleased about the fact that the reduction trend continues in 
Q2 as well.  And the results of that you should see as we complete 
H1 2021.  While we have seen a marginal reduction in net and gross 
debt in Q1, we estimate the debt reduction to continue as indicated 
during our earlier interactions.   
 
Some comments on the consolidated financial performance.  We 
assume you have gone through the financials and we would like to 
share the following insights on the consolidated financials.  The 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
reasons for the decline in consolidated total income have already 
been explained earlier, in the impact of COVID-19 on operations 
section.  The consequent losses are largely on account of the 
reduction in consolidated total revenues that we saw during the 
quarter.   
 
The material cost has been impacted on account of the following 
reasons.  We have taken a charge of ₹21.99 crores towards writing 
down of inventories to net realizable values on account of changes 
in product portfolio.  Approximately ₹21 crores on account of 
product mix, under utilization of our spinning plant that affected the 
integration quantum during the Q and conversion costs that have 
come through to impact the P&L arising out the reduction in 
inventories during the quarter.  Corrected for this, our cost of goods 
sold will be range bound at the normal levels that one sees over the 
last few quarters.  The interest cost for the quarter was lower on 
account of lower working capital and lower finance charges that we 
had during the quarter.   
 
Moving on to our debt profile.  The consolidated gross debt as of 
30th June stood at ₹2,786 crores, compared to ₹2,814 crores that we 
saw at the end of FY20.  We had a total term debt of ₹1,758 crores 
and our total working capital debt stood at ₹1,028 crores.  The cash 
and cash equivalents and current investments stood at ₹244 crores 
as on 30th of June as compared to ₹214 crores on 31st March 2020.  
Consequently, the net debt as on 30th of June stood at ₹2,542 crores 
versus ₹2,590 crores during the 31st of March 2020.   
 
This completes our updates and we will be happy to take questions 
from all of you.  Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have any questions, please 
press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to 
ask the question.  If you would like to withdraw your request, you 
may do so by pressing * and 1 again.  
 
 
 
The first question comes from Aman Sonthalia from AK Securities.  
Please go ahead sir.   
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Hello?  Sir, my question is whether we have fully installed the 
25,000 capacity of the towel division? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes, we have.  There are some parts of the CAPEX that are modular 
in nature and will be implemented as we ramp up.  But, most of the 
required equipment and infrastructure to hit the 25,000 tons per 
annum capacity is already in place.  Hello?   
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I hope I answered your question Aman.  
 
Moderator: 
Shall I go ahead with the next question sir? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes please.   
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Mr. Siddharth Rajpurohit from JHP 
Securities.  Please go ahead sir.   
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Very good evening sir.  Sir, can you quantify in terms of what were 
the cost saving measures and how much of the cost saving you have 
been able to do in this quarter and what amount is sustainable? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
It will be difficult to exactly quantify them Rohit, but we have taken 
measures on personal cost.  We have taken measures on various 
other fixed costs.  We estimate that even as we ramp up, these 
savings should aid our operating performance.  We have also had 
rationalization measures implemented on the energy front and so 
on.  So, on an annualized basis I would say approximately between 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
₹50 crores to ₹100 crores on the EBITDA front, somewhere there 
is what we believe we have implemented and should be sustainable.   
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Okay.  Annually is it sustainable?  Okay.  And sir is there any 
change in terms of the kind of orders that are now being placed in 
terms of margins in those orders for the second half, which is very 
robust for us, which is a very good indicator? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, I will take this question; I will take this opportunity to add a 
couple of more thoughts other than directly answering your 
question.  I would like to state that at this point other than the freak 
first quarter that we have had on account of the pandemic, I also 
probably presume that all of you have thoughts with regards to the 
fact that our model has seen or our operational performance have 
seen a greater dip in the revenue than some of our peers.  I would 
like to state that’s really on account of the client mix that we serve.  
It has nothing to do with the fundamental business model.  And 
therefore, we have seen, we don’t see any fundamental change in 
business models going forward.  Of course, if there is something on 
account of the pandemic that resurfaces and has large scale impact 
globally, that is a separate issue.   
 
But, notwithstanding that we don’t see any change in the business 
model at all.  So, that is my first point.  The second point is, I would 
like to once again state that going into H2 we see robust order 
books.  It seems to us that these categories of products, both on the 
bedding and bath front do have relatively heightened demand at this 
point in time.  And it is higher than what is normally been visible 
in the past.  So, we are making our best efforts to be able to tend to 
all these demand requirements that are coming through.  So, there 
is no change in business model.  The demand environment is robust 
as far as looking into H2 is concerned.  Q2 as well is relatively 
robust vis-à-vis Q1.  We will face some interruptions on account of 
COVID, interruptions maybe caused because of sanitization 
reasons or testing reasons and so on.  But, as I had indicated earlier 
Q2 also looks reasonably robust and H2 looks buoyant and robust.  
The demand pipeline looks strong and we are doing our best to ramp 
up operations to meet these demand requirements.   
 
Moderator: 
Hello sir, shall I go ahead with the next question? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I hope I have answered that gentleman’s question, because I 
couldn’t hear him after that.  
 
 
Moderator: 
Dear participants, if you have any questions please press * and 1 on 
your telephone keypad.   
 
The next question comes from Mr. Aman Sonthalia from AK 
Securities.  Please go ahead sir.   
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, one more thing sir, why the demand is so robust, whether it is 
due to work from home culture or due to China factor? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I use the term relatively robust Aman, so it is not like it is earth 
shattering or anything of that nature. But, it is notable, the buoyancy 
is notable.  It could be a confluence of reasons vis-à-vis products, 
vis-à-vis home textile products like bedding and bath products have 
a hygiene angle to them.  There is definitely a work from home 
angle that is playing out.  How much of this is attributable to China 
angle?  I guess that is not as we see it a major factor at this point.  
Could it become a relatively more important factor going forward?  
It might.  But, I think at this point it is more work from home, it is 
more hygiene sort of led reasons.   
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And sir, this demand is sustainable, this present demand sir? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Aman, these are not the questions that there are answers to.  In the 
short term we feel that the relatively higher demand will prevail.  If 
not, we don’t see the base demand being disturbed. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Okay sir.  And sir, the coal cost has come down a lot.  So, our power 
cost is a big component of total cost or it will improve the margin 
to that extent? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, so a lot is little bit of an over statement.  It has corrected a 
little, as far as the coal that we are using.  And as I said, energy is 
amongst the cost that we feel we will get some benefits from vis-à-
vis our cost rationalization programs which we have put in place.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
So, energy also plays a role in that and so to that extent we get that 
benefit.   
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And sir, because of lower cotton prices we will get some benefit? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
In certain product portfolios, yes; and in certain other product 
portfolios, no.  In certain other product portfolios I will say no, 
because if we have gone long on some of the imported cottons, then 
we may not realize the immediate benefits of lower cost or prices.  
But, in certain other classes of cotton, including Indian cotton where 
we haven’t necessarily gone long, then in that situation we will get 
benefits or avail those lower price benefits.  So, I would say little 
bit of both, yes.   
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And sir, what is our debt reducing plan for the year? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Q1 has seen approximately close to ₹50 crores reduction in net 
debt.  Q2 should see a more aggressive reduction than what we have 
seen in Q1.  And then we should continue the reduction trend for 
the rest of the year as well.  So, all in all I think we should do a 
pretty good job on debt reduction as far as this year is concerned.  
And we should also see a strong sort of inventory reduction trend 
during the year.   
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Okay sir.  Thanks a lot.   
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you.   
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Mr. Amit Mehendale from Robo 
Capital.  Please go ahead sir.   
 
Amit Mehendale: 
Thanks for the opportunity.  Sir, there was a statement recently from 
PVH Corporation that they will end business relationships with 
factories that use Chinese cotton.  I just wanted to ask how will it 
impact our business. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
It has no impact on us whatsoever.   
 
Amit Mehendale: 
Okay.  And sir, the second question is about interest.  This quarter, 
quarter on quarter if I see the numbers, the finance cost has reduced, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
whereas it doesn’t seem commensurate with the ₹50 crores 
production.  
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, so some of it is, as we had outlined in our updates.  Our 
working capital costs on consolidated basis has come down, 
including fall in interest rates overseas.  And we have saved on 
some finance charges that might have been in that line item during 
the last quarter.  
 
Amit Mehendale: 
Right.  So, how do you expect this finance cost item going forward, 
I think the CWIP is more or less is quite low now, so do we say that 
this is more or less, this should go down from here, because most 
of it is now being capitalized? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, we have completed our calibrated CAPEX program with the 
commissioning of the towel plant.  We have some residual CAPEX, 
small residual CAPEX left for FY21, post which we will be in 
schedule maintenance / organic CAPEX mode, as we see it for these 
businesses and plants, which will be, so our organic capital 
expenditure should be in the region of ₹70 crores a year.  And 
therefore, having completed our major CAPEXs, we have begun 
our deleveraging exercises, which should continue. 
 
Amit Mehendale: 
Okay sir.  Thank you.   
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from Mr. Siddharth Rajpurohit from JHP 
Securities.  Please go ahead sir.   
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Thank you for the opportunity again sir.  India contributes around 
38% to the American market.  So, what do you see?  Do you see 
there is further scope for increasing the share or do you see there is 
some risk that the country would like to diversify and that can 
impact us on this?  What are your views sir on this? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Sorry, 38% of what? 
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
India contributes around 38% of the imports of US, right sir, in the 
cotton? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
That is right.  I feel that our share of US imports will be range 
bound.  There could be years that it climbs a couple of 100 basis 
points and there could be years that it remains stable.  But, I don’t 
see any substantial negative bias as such.  So, either it will be range 
bound or it will climb.  The probabilities of it climbing, given the 
bilateral tensions between the United States and China and so on 
and how that will play out, the probabilities of some increase in 
share are greater than any reduction.  So, I would say the bias is for 
stable / creeping up of market share.   
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Okay.  And sir, what are our plans for the other markets like Europe, 
Middle East and other Asian markets?  And how do you see going 
forward, what would be the share of these markets? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So, we are expanding our geographical reach.  So, we are focused 
on Europe.  We are focused on the Middle East.  We are focusing 
on APAC.  So, we are expanding our geographical presence.  We 
are expanding our client base across geographies.  And we are also 
increasing our product offerings, with bath coming in and allied 
bath products coming in, our product suite has now widened.  So, 
we are widening on three fronts, clients, product and geographies.  
So, what I call the PCG matrix and we are working on widening all 
these three. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So basically, we are working on broadening our product offering, 
our client base and our geographical sort of reach.  So, we are 
expanding markets while we are traditionally sort of more focused 
on the North American market, our focus on Europe, the Middle 
East and APAC has also enhanced.  And we are looking at adding 
clients here and adding these geographies to our mix.  Second is, 
we are looking at expanding our client base across these 
geographies.  And the third is we are broadening our product 
offering. So, all the three strategies are being pursued 
simultaneously to answer your question.   
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
How could these regions share to our revenue change over the next 
three-four years? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I think the share will inch to, in the region of anywhere between 
30% to 35% as we see it.   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Sir, are there any difference in the margins that we get from the 
other regions as compared to the US? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
It is not region centric.  It is product centric, so it could swing either 
way.  I think it could move in a couple of 100 basis points band.  
But, nothing to do with regions as such.   
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Okay.  But, largely what you answered in the last call was that 
largely the margins between Terry and sheet remains largely the 
same, right? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
That is right. 
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Okay.  Thank you sir.  I will come back in the queue and all the 
best.   
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
The Terry and sheet margins exclude spinning. 
 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Okay sir.  I will come back in the queue for more questions.  
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you.   
 
Moderator: 
Dear participants, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 
on your telephone keypad.   
 
  Next question comes from Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala.  Please go 
ahead ma’am.   
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the demand scenario with respect to 
what kind of products are being preferred because, in India we are 
seeing that lot of economy products are being preferred as 
compared to the premium products, so premiumization has gone for 
a toss in this COVID era.  So, what kind of trends are you noticing 
there in the US?  And also, how is the supply chain, like inventory 
level in the retail stores as compared to earlier and that would give 
us some sense about how the demand is shaping up and under what 
areas? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So, product preferences we aren’t seeing any pattern, Prerna.  We 
are seeing as much demand for higher price point products as we 
are for mid and lower price point products.  So, we are aren’t able 
to distinguish any patter there.  The universal truth that the bottom 
end of the pyramid or the lower end of the pyramid obviously will 
see greater demand that obviously holds good.  But, vis-à-vis 
differentiation and offtake patterns with regards to price points, we 
aren’t able to spot any pattern.  As far as, what was your second 
question?  Sorry. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, it was with regards to supply chain, what kind of inventory 
levels do the retailers…? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So, our read is that there is a paucity of inventory in the retail value 
chain.  We have, I mean the industry has, not just us, consistent 
requests for urgent deliveries and so on, which signals of paucity of 
inventories that they hold.  And the difficulties sometimes they are 
facing in getting these inventories into the ecosystem, given the 
supply chain disruptions that they are all facing.  So, I would say 
that vis-à-vis normal levels, they would be probably below normal 
levels at least for the categories we cater to per our reading.   
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay and how is the offline versus the online sales happening in the 
US as we see there’s more of online has started picking up in these 
categories as well.  So any read through there and how are our 
brands placed in this specific arena? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
First of all, I am commenting with regard to our product categories.  
There is no doubt in the fact that you retailers across the board have 
seen a robust increase in e-com sales as far as our product categories 
is concerned.  It’s been across the board.  Second point, most 
players have therefore enhanced their focus on making sure that 
they benefit from this surge in e-com revenue streams that they are 
seeing in our product categories.  Our focus on that front also stands 
enhanced.  On a small base it is substantial growth but it is still far 
away from becoming mainstream and let’s say running large 
portions of capacity.  That’s still a little distance away at least for 
us.  But on the smaller base that it currently occupies, it seems pretty 
robust growth. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay and sir I wanted to understand your strategy for the 
manufacturing piece.  Like we had in the last call spoken about 
towels being give. sold to third party retailers…for example private 
label of retailers; is there any change there and is there any change 
in the bed sheet manufacturing strategy as well? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No.  Our strategy remains well-balanced Prerna.  We operate plants 
of global scale both on the bedding front and the terry towel front 
and on the spinning front.  We have a strong portfolio of brands and 
we have a strong portfolio for private label products and our share 
of private label is going up as well as we expand our product 
offerings and we at the same time continue to focus on 
strengthening up brand portfolios.  I think both are sort of growing 
in tandem in terms of areas of focus.  And therefore, there is no 
fundamental change in our strategy. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
I think brand will continue around 85% to 90% as we had thought 
about earlier…FY21? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, I think private label could also see a substantial movement.  
Brands could move in the region of 8%-10% here and there. They 
will continue to be substantial and private label attention is as much 
in terms of the time we devote to growing that segment.  Maybe 
that can take a little larger share going forward because of our larger 
capacities and product offerings.  Therefore, in essence both 
portfolios should be strong for us. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay.  My last question is, is there any margin difference between 
the portfolio of private labels versus our branded portfolio?  I mean 
I am just trying to understand will this mix change have an impact 
on our margins? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I don’t think so Prerna because while there could be cases where 
brands are richer in margin and there could be cases where they are 
not but give us other benefits of better hold on shelf and so on.  I 
think as far as EBITDA margins are concerned, they should be 
range bound both these buckets. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay thank you sir.  I will come back in the question queue if 
required. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you ma’am.  Next question comes from Suhrid Deorah from 
Paladin Capital.  Please go ahead Sir. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Good evening.  Please pardon my ignorance.  I am new to the 
business and it is the first time I am joining into your call.  So I have 
some basic questions, so please be a little patient, I request that.  
Firstly, one of your opening comments was that your business 
model has not changed fundamentally but you have a different 
client mix which is why your performance in the first quarter was 
bad.  I couldn’t really understand that, could you please explain that 
in a little bit more detail? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Basically, there could be questions in some of our investor’s minds 
as to why our revenue dip was higher than our peers. Our best 
explanation and insight as far as that question is concerned is it’s 
because of client mix.  Most of Himatsingka’ s clients did not offer 
essential goods and services during the locked down period and the 
couple of clients who did, didn’t necessarily meet inventory at that 
time.  Given our client mix and the fact that they didn’t offer 
essential goods and services, they remained shut during that period 
and hence the off take was very, very low.  That’s basically the 
reason for the Q1 dip in revenues.  And then it will bounce back to 
normal going into H2 and the bounce will also be obviously visible 
during the second quarter. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
These companies are not facing any issues in terms of sustainability 
of their businesses? They are not winding up or filing for 
bankruptcy or anything. It’s just that they are closed and they are 
re-opening?  Is that fair to assume? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah absolutely.  There have been cases where retailers have filed 
for chapter 11 for example, JC Penny filed for chapter 11 during 
this period but they are not our clients and we have nothing to do 
with them.  The point is, we don’t have any exposure of any 
consequence to such cases.  Therefore, in our case it was a clear 
situation wherewith retailers had to shut down because that was the 
direction they had to follow in their respective jurisdictions during 
the locked down and they refused to take products because they 
didn’t need it because their stores were shut.  That’s essentially the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
reason for the steep fall in revenues. But our order books are 
bouncing back as I said and that sort of. Let’s just say out of the 
ordinary situation that we faced in Q1 is over and done with and we 
feel the worst of the pandemic is behind us and now we are focusing 
on the ramp up. Let me also say, our H2 order books are normalized 
and we are trying to see if we can beat pre-Covid performance 
levels and our Q2 order book is robust relative to Q1 and we are 
busy ramping up. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Is there strong seasonality in this business to service the demand 
that comes in the US holiday season which is why you might see a 
sharp ramp up in Q2 and Q3 and in Q4 it will be weaker? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No….  I wouldn’t say there is sharp seasonality.  There are pockets 
of seasons through the year and I would say they are evenly spread.  
As far as the United States market is concerned there are important 
events through the year or let’s say all of the four quarters there is 
something going on.  But of course, there is certain greater 
weightages in some quarters with regard to certain promotions.  For 
example, in Q4 as we had shared with stake holders earlier, a lot of 
shipments take place not only from us, in other product categories 
as well for back to school preparations in such geographies like the 
US.  Typically, that’s a big season for them and shipments ex-plants 
happen during the Q4.  I would say there are quarters where the 
weightage of seasonality is a little higher but nothing eye-popping. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Would you attribute the resilient demand from the US as coming in 
through the stimulus cheque that have been rolled out and therefore 
it being femoral or do you think that this is a trend…the normalized 
trend that you go back to is what you might sustain for beyond the 
next six months? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I think as I said earlier, it is probably a confluence of reasons.  It is 
difficult to link with precision why this relatively high demand is 
coming through.  It could be from greater time spent at home, could 
be the hygiene factor these products sort of carry and are required 
for, it could be the aid that an additional support that they are getting 
from stimulus cheques, it could be a little bit of the China factor 
depending on the company and the product.  I think it is a 
confluence of reasons.  But I continue to remind everyone, at least 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
the way we see it, this step up in demand is relative.  It is not 
exponential; it is relatively higher than what one sees normally. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
So, would you be able to quantify what kind of numbers as a run 
rate you would get to towards the end of FY21 or FY22? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Run rate in terms of what? 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Revenue. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, we don’t give guidance so I am afraid I can’t comment on that 
but I think as I said our order outlook remains robust and we hope 
to make up for lost ground as we go into the year. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Okay, and if I may on the towel business, certainly this is a new line 
that you have just initiated, what is the revenue potential that you 
could achieve here? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
First of all, it is not a new business; it is a new manufacturing 
business for the group.  The group had towels as a part of its brand 
portfolio even prior to us setting up manufacturing facility.  
Secondly, our 25,000 tons per annum plant, the consolidated 
throughput including distribution and so on. It’s difficult to put a 
number because it depends on product mix. But somewhere in the 
range of 1200 to 1500 crores. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Okay and sir I was wondering if you could quantify the debt 
reduction that you had planned for?  I know you mentioned 50 
crores in quarter one, and directionally you said quarter two we will 
get more aggressive and so on.  But broadly could you quantify for 
the year 2021 or 2022, what that could reduce down to? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Your question is what our debt reduction will look like in 2021 and 
2022 together? 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Yeah, so year ending 2021 what it might look like and year ended 
2022 what it might look like. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
It is difficult for us to quantify because we could also see sharp 
reductions on account of working capital cycle… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
I understand that. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
But in the region of both years put together approximately ₹500 
crores or a little better than that. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
And is it safe to assume that they will be roughly equally split? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah it will be reasonably balanced. 
 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Okay thank you so much, that was extremely helpful.  Thank you 
for your time. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Sure. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Next question comes from Vikas Jain from Equirus 
Securities.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Hi good evening sir thanks for the opportunity.  Sir my first 
question is, you mentioned in the press release that one of the 
factors that is impacting our revenues or probably the production 
was the workforce issue; that is the interruption in the workforce 
availability.  So, I assume that might be due to the migrant labor 
workforce….so is that issue solved to a large extent or still we are 
facing some of the issues at this point in time. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I think it is solved to a large extent but I’d like to caution everyone, 
that this is a pandemic; it is new for everyone in the manufacturing 
space.  Different companies have sort of different sort of symptoms 
and reactions to the pandemic etc in terms of what they are seeing 
on the shop floor.  I estimate that there will be some interruptions 
from time to time in most corporates on their shop floor because if 
someone tests positive for example, you will have to go through 
protocols of sanitization, testing and so on.  But one gets used to 
that and it becomes a part of daily manufacturing activities and one 
tends to build cushions for all this.  I think keeping this in mind, we 
have largely sorted all these issues out although we have faced some 
interruptions in Q2 on both these accounts of sanitization and 
testing and so on.  But the directional ramp up has been pretty 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
satisfactory and I think going into H2 we should be reasonably 
settled. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Right and so sir, am I correct in understanding that it will take 
another quarter for us to get to that production utilization level that 
we used to clock at pre-Covid level? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, I mean not another quarter, I think by the end of Q2 we 
should be there or more or less there. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Alright.  Sir to one of the questions you answered that we are also 
working towards adding more clients as well as expanding the 
geographies; can you give more color in terms of how, or any 
customer addition we have done probably in FY20 of in 1Q or any 
incremental business that we have seen in the non-US geography in 
FY20 or probably in 1Q? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, I wouldn’t want to go into client names. We have 
approximately added 40 clients in FY20 that makes one wonder as 
to where is the revenue if 40 clients have been added; all clients are 
not large necessarily.  We added several channel partners on the e-
com front for example during FY20.  We added several brick and 
mortar clients across geographies in FY 20.  We see a substantial 
client addition happening in our new terry division as well across 
geographies.  I think we are adding e-com channel partners, we are 
adding traditional regular brick and mortar retailers.  We are adding 
loyalty-lead clients, who run loyalty programs and so on; so various 
kinds of clients and retailers who essentially complete the B2C 
piece and we see them being added across. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
To my understanding, does it take a certain period of time for the 
newly added clients to ramp up the operations or give incremental 
orders to us so that it flows into our revenues? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah it does. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Approximately a year or so or maybe higher than that? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
A year or two, it depends on the client and the product and the 
nature of the opportunity.  But I think what is important is a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
continuous addition to the client base; I think that’s what’s 
important. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Absolutely.  And sir just one last question; you also mentioned that 
there was some of the inventory write-off that occurred in this 
quarter.  Do you foresee additional write-off coming up in 2Q as 
well or we are mostly done off with that write-off? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Actually, it is not only this quarter; there was a write-off we took 
last quarter which was exceptional in nature on account of Covid.  
The write-off we had taken this quarter has nothing to do with 
Covid as such I mean anything typically correlated to Covid, but 
we thought it prudent to take a provision, on grounds of prudence 
given the volatility that one feels generally speaking.  So, we 
thought it prudent to take the hit, so it is more on grounds of 
prudence than anything else.  
 
Vikas Jain: 
Right, right.  So, there are full chances that this could be reversed 
going ahead when we sell our products to retailers. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah.  It also complements…I mean look, is it the best thing to take 
write-offs on inventory?  Absolutely not.  Have we seen inventory 
write-offs to this magnitude in the past?  No, we have not.  In the 
larger scheme of things is 50 - 60 crores is nothing super high either.  
We thought it prudent that we should keep this reserve in the light 
of a volatile environment and making sure that we are lightening on 
inventory as part of our working capital rationalization initiatives. I 
think we are done with what we needed to do.  I repeat that this is 
nothing to do with Covid as such but our estimates of what the net 
realization values would be in this environment. I think we are done 
with the inventory piece for now and we shouldn’t see it disturbing 
us going forward in any material form and shape. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Correct, alright sir, thank you so much.  Thanks for answering. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Dwanil Shah from I 
Wealth Management.  Please go ahead sir. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
Dwanil Shah: 
Good evening sir, thank you for the opportunity.  Sir I just had a 
question on the terry towel side.  Currently sir what is the utilization 
rate which we are operating at and how will the ramp up happen? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Unfortunately, we don’t share capacity utilization rates.  But it is a 
plant we started in October.  When Covid hit us it was about five 
months into commercial production and we then kick started again 
the ramp up process in June.  I did tell someone on the previous call 
I think that over through FY22, we should be looking at largely 
placing the capacities of the plant.  We will continue to ramp up the 
production during FY21 and as we go into FY 22, we should be at 
pretty high levels of utilization vis-à-vis the total capacity available. 
 
Dwanil Shah: 
Okay by 2023, we should…. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yes, we would look to place the total capacity by that time is what 
we currently estimate. 
 
Dwanil Shah: 
Okay and sir with our current clients, those are the ones who will 
be taking the towels also or we need to go and find some other 
clients in the terry tower side of the business or is there some 
synergy? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
The current clients will also take it.  We will be placing the capacity 
with several other clients.  The gentlemen who was asking the 
question just before this, was of similar lines in terms of client 
addition and so on.  Our client addition pace is important because 
we need to place capacities not just with a few clients but we need 
to broad base our client universe and place capacities across. 
 
Dwanil Shah: 
Okay.  And sir I was trying to understand that when you are saying 
that we may reach to the pre-Covid levels, so that was roughly in 
the range of 600, 650 crores what we used to do on a quarterly 
basis?  And the towel wasn’t there. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah towel was there during Q3 and Q4 in the initial phases. 
 
Dwanil Shah: 
Okay, so we should see those levels again coming back or we may 
see that surpassing that as the towel also starts contributing much 
higher….?  Just on the directional side sir… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
As I said, we are looking to match pre-Covid levels, if not beat it 
going into H2.  There could be some revenue mix changes and so 
on, so whether it will exactly correlate to the top line piece I don’t 
know but that’s where we are headed broadly speaking. 
 
Dwanil Shah: 
And in the last two quarters, the revenue which we have lost, would 
there be any chance of those coming back?  I mean, there is some 
spill over because in the Q4 you had said that 200 crores of orders 
were also on hold.  Are those orders going to come back or is it 
again we need to see the markets side of thing? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
I don’t think they will come back because that time has lapsed.  The 
orders what have been shipped, so instead of placing new orders 
something that was on hold was taken. I think it is fair to assume 
when we say we will make up lost ground we will sort of try and 
make it up with growth as much as possible.  I think the revenues 
which we have lost during that period, unfortunately a substantial 
portion of that is lost. The next quarter will be the next quarter.  
There won’t be any impact of spillovers of the previous quarter of 
any consequence. 
 
Dwanil Shah: 
Okay.  Sir last question on your variable cost…sir you were saying 
that a lot of cost optimization things are going on.  If you can just 
help us to understand slightly in detail sir, what that would be and 
how sustainable you think sir that can be sir going ahead? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
As I said we estimate that we have undertaken measures that should 
yield 50 to 100 crores in a year on a sustainable basis across the 
board including personnel, energy and other operating expenditure 
which is customary in a model of our nature.  So that’s what I feel 
that the cost optimization measures can yield going forward…to 
answer your question. 
 
Dwanil Shah: 
Okay, thank you so much sir.  All the best. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
Q1 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, August 28, 2020 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Due to time constraint this was the last question.  
Now, I hand over the floor to the management for closing 
comments. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you so much for your questions and your patience.  I do hope 
that we will be interacting soon for the next quarter and if you need 
to check in on anything vis-à-vis questions and doubts that you 
might have or clarifications that you might have, please do reach 
out to us and we will make sure that we’ve addressed all your 
queries.  Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen this conclude your conference 
for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using Door 
Sabha’s conference call service.  You may disconnect your lines 
now.  Thank you and have a pleasant evening. 
 
