 
Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com 
            CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2020 
 
November 04, 2020 
 
 
The Relationship Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
                                     
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on October 30, 2020 
 
 Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated October 27, 2020 towards investor/ 
analyst/ Financial Institution conference call, we are enclosing for your records a copy of 
the transcript of the said conference call conducted by the Company on October 30, 2020. 
 
We request you to please take this intimation on your record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
 
Vinaya Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 VINAYA 
ABHIJIT 
JOSHI
Digitally signed 
by VINAYA 
ABHIJIT JOSHI 
Date: 2020.11.04 
13:27:46 +05'30'

 
 
 
Cummins India Ltd. 
Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
 
October 30th, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
SPEAKERS: 
Management, Cummins India Ltd. 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm the host for today’s call. Thank you all 
for standing by and welcome to the Cummins India Limited Analyst Call for 
Quarter Two 2020-21. Today on this call, we have with us our leadership team, 
Mr. Ashwath Ram, Managing Director, Cummins India; Mr. Ajay Patil, Chief 
Finance Officer, Cummins India and Mr. Anubhav Kapoor, Legal and 
Secretarial Head, Cummins India. For the duration of presentation, all 
participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode. We’ll have a Q&A session post 
the presentation. So now without any further delay, I would like to hand over the 
call to Mr. Ashwath Ram. Over to you, sir and thank you. 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
Morning everyone. First let me apologize for the slight delay. This was due to 
some technical reasons we had in getting the bridge up. So let’s get started. So 
morning, ladies and gentlemen! I am Ashwath Ram. I am the Managing Director 
of Cummins India Limited. Hope all of you and your families are doing well and 
are staying safe and healthy in this. Also joining me on today's call is Ajay Patil, 
our CFO. Thank you for joining us on this call.  
I would like to share the financial results of the quarter and half year ended 
September 30th, 2020 through this call. First, I'm going to share the financial 
results. For the quarter ended September 30th, 2020 with respect to the quarter 
ended September 30th, 2019, our sales at INR 1141 crores, declined by 11% 
compared to INR 1285 crores recorded in the same quarter last year. Domestic 
sales at INR 743 crores, declined by 22%. Exports at INR 398 crores, increased 
by 18%. Profit before tax and exceptional items at INR 189 crores is 10% lower 
as compared to INR 210 crores recorded in the same quarter last year. For the 
quarter ended September 30th, 2020 with respect to the sequential quarter, our 
sales stood at INR 1141 crore, increased by 136% compared to INR 484 crores 
recorded in the preceding quarter. Domestic sales at INR 743 crores increased 
by 108%. Exports at INR 398 crores, increased by 215%. Profit before tax and 
exceptional items at INR 189 crores, increased by 168% compared to INR 70 
crores recorded in the preceding quarter. Segment wise breakup for the quarter 
ended September 30th, 2020.   
Ashwath Ram: 
Segment wise breakup for quarter ended September 30th. To give you a sense of 
the sales breakups segment wise in the domestic area, the industrial domestic 
business sales were at INR 170 crores which is a 21% drop over last year. The 
power generation domestic sales were INR 257 crores which is a 35% drop over 
last year. The distribution business was at INR 317 crores which is a 4% drop 
over last year. In the export area, high horsepower export sales were INR 213 
crores which is a 4% increase over last year. Low horsepower export sales were 
INR 156 crores, is 39% increase over last year. For the six months ended 
September 30th, 2020 with respect to six months ended September 30th, 2019, 
our sales at INR 1625 crores, declined by 38% compared to INR 2601 crores 
reported in the same period last year. Domestic sales at 1101 crores, declined by 
43%. Exports at INR 524 crores, declined by 21%. Profit before tax and 
exceptional items at INR 259 crores, is 36% lower as compared to INR 404 
crores recorded during the same period last year. Segment wise breakup for six 
months ended September 30th, 2020 to give you a sense of the sales breakup 
segment wise. Industrial domestic business sales were at INR 250 crores which 
is 46% drop over last year. Power generation domestic sales were at INR 354 
crores which is a 55% drop over last year. Distribution business sales were INR 
500 crores which is a 26% drop over last year. High horsepower export sales 
were INR 270 crores which is a 29% drop over last year. Low horsepower 
export sales were at INR 210 crores which is a 13% drop over last year. As far 
as Cummins India financial guidance is concerned, the company expects gradual 
recovery of demand in coming months. However, there remains significant 
uncertainty around how COVID-19 will impact market demand as well as 
customer and supplier operations. Due to this uncertainty, the company is not 
providing a full year revenue guidance for FY20-21. With this, I would like to 
open the session for questions. Thank you. 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. Participants it’s time for the Q&A session. If you wish 
to ask any question, please press 0-1 on your dialing keypad and wait for your 
line to be unmuted. Alright, so the first question is coming from the Mr. Ravi 
Swaminathan, Spark Capital. Your line is open, sir. Mr. Ravi Swaminathan from 
Spark Capital. The line is open sir. You may ask your question. Alright, as there 
is no response from Mr. Swaminathan. Second is Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM 
Financial. Over to you, sir. Your line is open. Mr. Sandeep Tulsiyan, your line is 
open. You may ask a question. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Hello. 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Yeah. Hello, can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, we can hear you, sir. Your line is open. You may ask your question. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Okay. So, I had a couple of queries on the color on the end market segment. 
Firstly, wanted to understand which are the areas that are showing faster 
recovery in the domestic segment? If you could also share tentative mix what we 
have between data centers, commercial real estate, hospitality, infra for the 
powergen segment that would be helpful. And second question is on the exports 
to China. If you could give us some color on the end market segment that we 
cater to in China, how much goes to data centers, construction, and real estate? 
That would be helpful, thank you. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, so, let me try to answer that. When you look at a very macro trend, you 
can see that the distribution business has recovered fastest followed by our 
export business and then the domestic power generation followed by some of the 
industrial segments. Now, as we grow within the domestic power generation 
business, we can say that the segments related to data centers, segments related 
to healthcare, pharmaceuticals, even some portions of industrial and residential 
and commercial realty have started to recover at a very rapid rate and the 
segments which are lagging quite significantly are related to again large 
infrastructure projects as well as hospitality I would say those are the lagging 
segments from a power generation perspective. Now, when you look at what do 
we sell to China, we sell products in all ranges, but quite a bit into the data 
center segments as well as into telecom infrastructure. I would say those two 
segments are probably where our largest concentration of exports to China lies. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sure. And sir, actually I got logged in a little late due to some issue. If you have 
already shared, can you please repeat the case breakup between the different 
segments that you give every quarter and also within that the breakup for 
exports and industrial that you usually share, please. Thank you. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. So, we did about INR 743 crores of domestic sales and INR 398 crores of 
export sales and out of that power generation was about INR 257 crores. The 
industrial business was INR 170 crores. Distribution business was INR 317 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
crores and in the exports business high horsepower was INR 213 crores and low 
horsepower was INR 156 crores. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Okay. And the breakup for industrial within compressors, construction, mining, 
rail and other? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. Compressor was INR 28 crores, construction was INR 45 crores, mining 
was INR 23 crores, rail was INR 53 crores and marine and others were about 
INR 20 crores. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Alright, thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is coming up from Venugopal. The line 
has been unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Venugopal: 
Hi, this is Venugopal from Bernstein. So, you know, again I think there's some 
problem with the line we just managed to log in 15 minutes after the call started. 
So pardon me if I am asking something which has been asked before. You 
know, firstly, on the export side I think in your press commentary you had 
mentioned or given some degree of caution. Maybe I was cautiously optimistic, 
maybe the right word, but are there any specific geographies that you actually 
see momentum improving and starting to receive? That's the first question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, we were beginning to see some momentum built up in Asia Pacific and in 
Europe, as compared to some of the other markets and a little bit in Latin 
America. But, you know, based on the recent scenarios that you're seeing with 
COVID, we are a little uncertain and have to be a little cautious about what the 
implications of those are for the subsequent quarters, but we had started to see 
some amount of optimism in some of those markets. 
Venugopal: 
Okay, you know, on the domestic market, just wanted to check two small things 
here. One is, are we venturing at this juncture to give any form of growth view 
for the rest of the year, based on what we're seeing right now, and also, on the 
pricing side of things, given that the markets, you know, of Q1 was literally 
sharp and you started seeing demand coming back in Q2, but I'm not really sure 
if your end market customers are becoming a bit more price sensitive. So, this is 
my second question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So, what we are seeing is month on month, quarter on quarter we're 
seeing recoveries, pretty much every segment is slowly reviving. So, while we 
are not giving full year guidance of where we are likely to be, we remain 
cautiously optimistic that things are improving month on month. And that's 
where I would like to, you know, leave that at this time. And what was your 
second question sorry? 
Venugopal: 
On the pricing side of things, given the state of the economy. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, there is, you know, there is going to be -- there is pricing pressure and 
there is going to be pricing pressure, but it's not significant. And we are looking 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
at ways to, ways to deal with that by offering, you know, better themes and 
better opportunities for people to purchase these through financing, etc. So, I 
think we are in good shape from a sensitivity to pricing at this stage at least. 
Venugopal: 
Okay. Now, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is coming up from Nitin Arora. Line has 
been unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much. So, my question is more on the technology sharing 
part. So the electronic engines, what we are taking from the parent, how is the 
arrangement here? Are we going to pay them the royalty as far as the technology 
coming and different KVAs, you know, sourcing will start? That's how the 
arrangement is done? That's my first question. I'll take up after that, the second 
one. 
Ashwath Ram: 
It depends on what stage of maturity the technology is. If it is technology, which 
already exists in India, then there is no technology fee. But if it's brand new 
technology which has already been developed internationally and we are 
bringing it to India for the first time, then yes, there is a technology fee and there 
is some royalty to make up for all the expenses, the parent has already 
undergone to develop the technology. 
Nitin Arora: 
Then in that case, whatever R&D are we doing again, you know, because we 
talked a lot about a BS-VI technology, we talked a lot about the electronic and 
finally, we are looking at the parent for the technology and start paying royalty 
to them. So you know, just want to understand and what kind of R&D then we 
are involved with if you can clarify that? Then I'll take up my second question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, sure. So just to explain this, the technology is pretty complicated. What 
you pay for is a base technology to, you know, go from one emission level to 
another emission level which is pretty much what you pay for, but even just 
having that base technology is not enough to make a product suitable for the 
market condition. So the usage applications are not similar, exactly similar in 
one market versus another. So for example, the technology in America is 
designed to run at 60 hertz, whereas the technology in India is designed to run at 
50 hertz, whereas you're paying for a technology -- you're paying for some base 
technology, which takes you from one from a mechanical product to a complete 
electronic product, but then you have to customize and tune those applications 
into the local market and make it fit for this market as well as localize it and 
make it manufacturable locally. So all of that development is done in India, and 
there are many cases where the base technology itself is developed in India. In 
those cases, there is no technology or royalty fee which is charged by the parent. 
Nitin Arora: 
Thanks for clarifying that. My second question is, you know, as you said that 
you are seeing some signs of improvement in exports. But generally, if one has 
to draw a view for the next one year perspective, you know, we've been 
struggling around to INR 280-320 crore kind of an export number for long and 
you have been guiding us, you know, the way market is, the end market is weak. 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Do you think that that base demand of INR 280 or INR 320 crores still remains 
and it's more of a lag time which will start increasing or you think now, at least, 
the INR 320 number would eventually not fall and we will only grow from INR 
320 or 300 crore odd numbers. So, just want to understand more from the, 
because these can be the order as you rightly said, would be pent up, and then 
can fizzle out or we should look at that no, 320-330 is a reasonable number to 
assume and then whenever the growth comes, we start going on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah. And my answer to you is that it's so turbulent at this stage that for me to 
either show optimism or pessimism, I am likely to be wrong. And we have to 
wait and watch. But we remain cautiously optimistic that we won't see 
significant drops, but you never know what the impact of all of these lockdowns 
globally, the second wave coming and all of these things, what impact it has on 
overall demand is very, very difficult to predict at this time. So I still feel that 
another at least 6 to 12 months is going to be quite turbulent before things 
stabilize. And then we are able to have a very clear outlook on how the business 
will keep growing. When you look at it from a longer-term perspective, when 
you look at it from a two-year or three-year horizon, we continue to remain 
optimistic that we continue to grow global market share, we continue to 
introduce you know, leading products around the world, we have the largest 
network and service centers in 120 countries around the world. We have a strong 
brand name, and we are the leaders in technology. So we will continue to keep 
growing this business. So that's where I'd like to leave it at this stage. 
Nitin Arora: 
Thank you very much. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is coming up from Ranjeet Shivaraman 
[ph]. Line has been unmuted Please go ahead. 
Ranjeet Shivaraman: 
Yeah, hi, sir. Congrats on a good set of numbers given the challenging 
environment. Sir, if you can just throw some light regarding our raw material to 
sale, it has just improved compared to last year, but sequentially it has been 
come down. But is there any one-off in that or what is the trend which used to be 
in terms of -- was there any advantages of low commodity prices? If you can 
give some outlook on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly we have had what we call favorable mix, which means we had the 
businesses where we have lower margins like low horsepower power generation 
or construction. We certainly had lower sales there. And so the percentage mix 
of exports and our higher horsepower products where we have slightly better 
margins. So the mix had a positive impact for us of nearly a little over 2.5%. 
And lot of the work we've done on cost reduction and slightly favorable 
commodities gave us another percentage or so. And we continue to work on 
pricing in different segments and we've had some pricing impact as well. So 
those are the kinds of factors which led to better material margin in this quarter. 
Ranjeet Shivaraman: 
Okay. And, sir, if you can help us with the breakup of the powergen in terms of 
HHP, midrange and LHP for the domestic? 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure, so. Low horsepower was roughly INR 30 crores, mid-range was about 
INR 67 crores, heavy duty was around INR 55 crores and high horsepower was 
about INR 107 crores. 
Ranjeet Shivaraman: 
Okay and, sir, just wanted to collaborate between the global call, they had 
mentioned that the India powergen market de-grew by 45% while in our 
numbers, it is a 35% de-growth. So, just wanted to understand what is the link 
that we are missing on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think they are comparing for the half -- they are comparing YTD versus last 
year. And if you look at the number there, that is roughly 43%. So, that's where 
they're getting that number from. 
Ranjeet Shivaraman: 
Okay, sure. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So the powergen as compared to last year actually dropped about 55% because 
we had about two and a half months where we produced nothing. 
Ranjeet Shivaraman: 
Yeah, I will reach out to you later on because there is something -- because in 
the first quarter, they told 75%, and it matched with our decline. But in the 
second quarter, they told 45% and ours is 35%. Yeah, I'll get back to you on that 
later. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure, sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is coming up from a Renu Vaid. Line has 
been unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Renu Vaid: 
Yeah. Hi. Good morning, sir. We started about 15 minutes late on the call. So 
kindly excuse if certain questions are repeated. My first question would be to 
understand a bit on the export side of the business. Given that the MEIS 
incentives are being withdrawn from September, and last year, we had as an 
almost total export incentives for Cummins India has been 3.7% of revenues, 
export revenues, 6% of PBT. So what is the likely impact of these incentives on 
our margins and earnings? And what proportion of the export incentives today 
are driven by MEI scheme? And now in terms of accounting treatment, have we 
considered these incentives in our revenues for this quarter or how are you 
treating them? That's the first question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, so we have - we have made some - we have made a provision for this 
quarter of roughly about INR 13 crores and we do believe though that 
[indiscernible] test will be in place from January. And so we will recover some 
of the MEIS equivalent incentives in that quarter. And the first quarter, of 
course, was a weak and impacted quarter. So we didn't have many incentives 
there. So yes, certainly, we will be impacted. But we are already making 
provisions for that and we hope the new regime of [indiscernible] will start 
playing positivity for us starting from January, 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Renu Vaid: 
Right. So, sir, of the 3.7% incentives that we booked typically on export side, 
what percentage is driven by MEIS and do we also use duty drawback and other 
incentives? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So MEIS is a pretty large percentage of that. I don't have the exact number but if 
you can, if you can send us an email, you'll get one of our finance folks to get 
back to you with the details of those numbers. 
Renu Vaid: 
Surely. No problem, sir. Second would be on the industrial segment 
[indiscernible] among the other categories, rail has picked up sequentially, but 
compared to overall last year, that was still fairly muted and we have shared on 
previous occasions that rail is seeing headwinds in terms of procurement. So, 
from a medium term or from a 6 to 12-month perspective, what is the visibility 
that this business can get back to the INR 100 crores kind of run rate and in case 
if it is likely to remain in the current range and would it imply that the industrial 
segment will have close to about 10-15% growth headwinds from rail segment 
alone. So if you can throw some light in terms of growth outlook within the 
industrial segments and rail [indiscernible]. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right, so as you know, in the in the rail side, full trains, metros, and all of those 
did not become operational till the month of October, which means even beyond 
the two and a half months where we were shut down even for subsequent 
months, the whole system was not running. So pretty much there was no 
procurement of power cars and the significant products that we sell into the rail 
market. So -- but you know, diesel electric, in that DTC segment, we continue to 
keep selling products, which is why we have some sales going. Now all of those 
markets are slowly beginning to ramp up and we remain, we remain confident 
that they will get back to the run rates they were pre-COVID but that segment 
has been more impacted from a timing perspective in the industrial business as 
compared to any of the other segments. And so certainly, it's not going to be 
possible to catch that back up in this financial year. But from a longer-term 
perspective, I think we remain optimistic that the rail business will keep growing 
at the aggressive rate you've seen it grow in the past few years. 
Renu Vaid: 
Sure. So the next question relates to CPCB4 class given that the norms would 
require significant investments and increase in cost especially on the SCR side, 
can we throw some insights in terms of how the sourcing of these emission 
technology products in bands for EI as the listed entity, they would be done by 
the group entity in India? Will they be bunched up by Cummins India and then 
sold to the GOEMs or they will be directly supplied from CTIL to the GOEMs? 
So what would be the roadmap in terms of some of the supply chain sourcing 
arrangements for the new emissions? And how could that have a potential 
impact on the overall profitability and the portfolio profile of the listed 
company? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's quite an interesting question. I haven't really thought about how that 
works. But typically, most of the powergen products that we supply are 
completely integrated products. So it's most likely that they will be bundled and 
then sold like we do today. But it's something -- depends on the impact of 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
taxation and the logistics and transfer pricing and a whole bunch of other 
variables. So we’ll have to look into that. 
Renu Vaid: 
Sure. And one last question, if I may ask on the export side, obviously, this 
quarter had a good pent up impact as well. So within regions, can you share 
some insights in terms of the impact that we saw in this quarter? How important 
was China supplies in this quarter also for us? And overall, if you consider the 
first half export revenues of approximately INR 525 odd crores, can we expect 
in second half, given the visibility that we have today? Can second half be 
almost flattish, or at least 5% to 10% growth on the export business both LHP as 
well as the HHP part of the business? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We remain optimistic and don't see any reason by the second half we do worse 
than the first half. But typically, when we have seen the patterns, the Q3s are 
usually slightly weaker than Q2s other than last year where we had an 
exceptional record year with the highest ever revenue in Q3. But typically what 
happens is there is inventory correction, which happens because most global 
distributors and businesses have their yearend in December and they also have 
the Christmas and the holiday season there where people all go on vacation. So 
sales are slightly subdued. So we are expecting a slight amount of correction in 
Q3. But all of that typically gets made up in the Q4 for us. And so we expect the 
second half to be as good as if not better than the first half. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is coming up from Sandeep Tulsiyan. 
Line has been unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my followup. Just wanted to understand the other costs, 
other than the material costs which have seen a decent decline in the quarter as 
well as first half, first we have highlighted in detail, the cost cut stance that we 
have rolled out since third quarter of last year, I want to understand what should 
be sustainable rate once the volumes come back and the recoveries that to pre-
COVID levels, how much of these [indiscernible] would get reversed because 
on expenses like advertising, marketing, all of those would be at a complete curb 
right now, and might get reinstated once you have a pickup in volumes. So want 
to understand broadly this 20% decline, how much of it should get reversed in 
other expense and on staff cost what should be the [indiscernible] run rate in 
terms of [indiscernible]. Thank you. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So as we have mentioned in earlier calls as well, we continue to focus pretty 
heavily on managing our variable costs and our fixed costs and some of the 
changes like reducing the number of professionals, all of those are positive 
impact which carry forward because even with volume coming back, we are 
going to do our work harder to try to, you know, manage with what we have and 
try to get more productivity out of our people. But certainly, there are certain 
parts of that there we have not given merit for the previous year etc; some of 
those kinds of costs which are, you know, are necessary to keep people 
motivated and are important for being the market leader and innovating and 
getting more productivity out of people, some of those kinds of costs are likely 
to come back, but we are watching those. There are continuous projects running 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
to make sure that we maximize on the work we have done in the last six or eight 
months to cut back on costs. So yeah, it would not be a good thing to when 
volumes return to go back to the you know, the previous kind of cost structure, 
we are working on many projects to sustain some of these advantages we have 
gained as of now, 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
The [Indiscernible] year on the expenditure side, if you could elaborate, say if 
we will retain 60% of these benefits or some ballpark range, which expenses 
seem more sustainable to you. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I mean, like I mentioned, the headcount reduction is sustainable, because we are 
not -- we have a very clear direction that we are not going to be adding more 
people even if that volume comes back. So certainly some of those kinds of 
costs are going to be sustainable, some of the costs we have taken to improve the 
efficiency of our factories, to improve on the -- to improve on warranty, to 
improve on repairs and maintenance, some of those kinds of areas. Some of the 
changes in reduction in royalties, I think some of those kinds of improvements 
that we have made are sustainable. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And one point I wanted to ask on the efficient segment, we touched upon it in 
the previous call, that the new products that we are planning to introduce within 
the distribution segment, batteries, and these are new filters, etc. So 
[Indiscernible] product likely to get launched, do we have any time frame for 
that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
They're being launched literally on a continuous basis, so I can't tell you exactly 
when each of those products are being launched. But there is literally a monthly 
cycle where pretty much every month we are adding to the range of products 
and which is why you could have seen that the distribution business and the sale 
of parts has recovered faster than any other business and actually had it not been 
for a lot of supply chain challenges with lock downsin different cities in the 
country and even to get in some imports etc, we would have done even better 
than what we did in this quarter. And so at least I remain optimistic that you 
know all those new product introductions as well as the work being done by our 
people is sustainable as well as it will lead to more growth in those areas.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is coming up from Priyankar Biswas. 
Line has been unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Good morning, sir. This is Priyankar from Nomura. So my question is, sir, on 
the global Cummins call it was highlighted that sequentially, the global 
employee costs would probably rise by something like 90 million USD as 
temporary salary cuts that were implemented due to Covid are being rolled back. 
So my first question here is like similarly, Cummins India would also have 
probably such sort of a roll back. So in that situation, sequentially at least where 
do we see the employee costs at? Probably a percentage increase would have. 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah. So you will see that in the -- you will see that in the next quarter. But you 
know, the exact impact is not yet clear, because at the same time we have also 
had headcount reduction and some attrition, so at this time I won't indicate an 
exact amount but certainly we also are likely to see a little bit of increase as we 
restore some of the wage cuts that we had imposed on the people during this 
time. And since the volumes are coming back to previous levels, it's not fair on 
people to have their wages cut. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So conversely, like what has been the extent of which cuts, let's say for an 
average employee during this period? I mean, this COVID period, on a ballpark. 
Ashwath Ram: 
10 to 20 percent. Yeah, between 10 to 20%. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Okay, so one more here. So the exports were quite higher in this quarter. So 
pardon me if that was answered earlier, because I joined the call late. So in the 
press release that you had provided, there is a thing like there was some pent up 
demand that has been mentioned. So like, can you shed some idea, like what has 
been probably the pent up demand that would have probably spilled over from 
Q1 to Q2? And similarly did we see such a thing in the domestic side as well, 
like something which was to happen in Q1, but due to the lock down issues it 
happened in Q2? So sort of a bunch up happened, so some idea on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, it certainly would have happened in domestic as well, it's very difficult to 
-- it's very difficult to you know, calculate that to say exactly what was pent up 
demand and exactly what was just regular demand. I think the best way to gauge 
that is to look to -- is to look forward and say that is that sustaining or is the 
order book sustaining or are the order books dropping. And so far, the way we 
are looking at it, the order books are reasonably sustaining. For exports, other 
than adjusting for the two-three traditional drops which happened, and in the 
domestic markets as the segments start to recover, we are seeing that the order 
books are sustaining. So that's why we remain cautiously optimistic that you 
know, that the real demand and not just pent up demand is also coming back 
gradually. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Sir, the last question from my side. So in the global calls something was 
highlighted, like even there as well, I mean for the global entity, the relative 
amount of warranty expenses and other provisions were relatively lower, I mean 
compared to historic trends, and probably the same would have been seen in 
Cummins India as well, as we were highlighting when explaining about the cost 
reductions. So the global call, it was highlighted that probably some bit of the 
provisions, warranty provisions may come back. So can you give an idea like, of 
the cost reductions that had happened particularly in the other expenses, what 
extent would be sustainable? A broad ballpark. 
Ashwath Ram: 
You know, it's very difficult to predict, all I can tell you is that we want to 
sustain as much of it as possible. Now items like warranty, is a lot of warranty 
reversals is also a function of usage. And sometimes as use -- if usage is very 
low, certainly warranty costs sometimes are lower. And based on what the usage 
increases, the warranty costs could go up, but it's very difficult to say how much 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
of it is sustainable and how much of it isn’t. The things we can very easily talk 
about are things like, you know, labor cost reduction that are due to headcount 
reduction or cost reductions in travel, or repairs and maintenance, some areas 
related to royalty, where you've actually done work to localize and develop 
product here so the royalty no longer is relevant. So -- and some of the work on 
actual productivity improvement or efficiency improvement in electricity usage 
charges or technology usage charges; I think those are the kinds of things which 
are very predictable and sustainable. The other thing, while it will be our 
endeavor to try to hold on to as much of the gains as we have made possible, it's 
very difficult to predict exactly how much it will come back up by as the volume 
increases. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So essentially the reduction in royalty, then localization of production and 
certain efficiency capex -- certain efficiency measures that would have been 
taken, those are the things that could still sustain. I mean, like [Audio Overlap] 
Ashwath Ram: 
Absolutely, yes. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Okay, thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is coming up from Bhaven. Your line has 
been unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Bhaven: 
Thank you Ashwath. At the outset I would like to congratulate for a good 
performance despite a challenging environment. So for my first question is, 
actually there was a report from the meeting with the management from India, 
which is that post the new emission, that CPCB4 and all they have the 
requirement of lot of after treatment and all of this will be sourced from CTIL. 
So, when the new emission norm comes in and you transit to this, the 
incremental profit will be captured by CTIL and not Cummins India. So I just 
wanted to get your thoughts on this. 
Ashwath Ram: 
My thought on this is this is typically done at arm's length transfer pricing kind 
of basis and it will be done in a fair manner. 
Mr. Bhaven: 
Sure. So would Cummins India see a benefit in terms of incrementally the 
margins because Cummins is a technology leader and there was no other 
competition. You do have a – 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, certainly. Certainly, because Cummins India will be able to buy product 
from a sister company at a transfer pricing, whereas market pricing will be at a 
different level based on what the real cost of the technology is. So certainly, the 
CIL will be able to have some leverage based on that. And also the other 
advantage is the whole -- these systems are sold typically as complete integrated 
packages, which is because the electronic modules control both the engine as 
well as the after treatment. And so, there are some significant advantages to that 
kind of integration in having less components as compared to other power gen 
equipment manufacturers who have to have a separate control module for an 
after treatment; they buy from a different manufacturer and a separate one for 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
the engine itself. So those kinds of advantages on the -- on reducing the overall 
system cost as well as being able to purchase the technology at a transfer pricing 
kind of cost, I think will all lead to advantages to CIL. 
Mr. Bhaven: 
Okay. So Cummins will have an advantage over the competition in terms of the 
sourcing cost and that could lay the benefit in terms of either a better market 
share or better margins. Is that the right interpretation? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That is correct. And if you look at historically, Cummins has purchased many 
such components from its sister -- CILS purchased many components from its 
sister companies like turbochargers or filtration products, which follow the same 
kind of arm's length prices and has benefited from those relationships. So we 
expect the same to continue. 
Mr. Bhaven: 
My second question is just referring back to the fiscal year 19 annual report, 
wherein there was a mention that there were a couple of products introduced in 
CIL, QSK19, QSK15 and the under-slung engines to name a few. And in the 
same AGM, there was a very -- actually, it was highlighted that perhaps there 
could be another 10-12 products which could come in maybe in a year or two. 
So, and more of -- many of these would be used for the exports. So I was 
actually keen to understand an update on those exports of those products, which 
have been introduced and how are they helping in terms of incremental growth 
for CIL?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, so pretty much on a monthly basis we are introducing new products and 
we are filling in the gaps in the product profile, as well as trying to obsolete 
certain products and upgrade the products from a market perspective. I don't 
have a comprehensive list of since the last time what all have been introduced. 
But you know, again, if you reach out to us and send us an email, I'm sure we 
will be able to provide some kind of data on all the products that we have 
introduced and also how that's helping us grow the business. But yeah, we are -- 
we continue to invest in products, we continue to introduce new products and 
certainly they are helping us either from improving margins or from -- or getting 
market share, or improving our exports product as well. We continue to look at 
those markets, study those markets, try to understand what is the need of those 
markets and then launch products to help improve the business. 
Mr. Bhaven: 
Okay. The last question is, this is what you had highlighted in the presentation 
of the AGM. We understand short time has passed, but you did highlight 
looking back into longer term history showing the cycles that each of the time 
there is a dip and then when there is a comeback, there is a reasonable amount of 
growth that you would have seen from the earlier peaks. So like exports peaked 
at about 1600 crores. So, do you see that for over a couple of years, you would 
be able to actually increase the exports from the previous peak of 1600 crores? I 
know it's a short time but if you just park out some of these uncertainties which 
are there in the shorter term, do you believe that that something concrete has 
changed? 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
Absolutely, we believe in that and which is why if you see many of the products 
which are being introduced even for CPCB4 and which are being developed in 
India, India is the -- India is the lead market for those products for the rest of the 
world, which then opens up the opportunity not only to add more value and per 
product, but to continue to be the primary source to supply the demand of not 
only lagging markets which is what India has traditionally been supplying to, 
but also opens the door to some of the leading markets. So the combination of 
more value add in the product and a catch up in terms of technology with the 
leading markets, in my view the combination of those two things hold very 
strong for India to you know, to be a major supply hub for Cummins around the 
world. 
Mr. Bhaven: 
Sure, thanks so much and that’s it from my side. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is coming up from Lavina Rodrigues. 
Line has been unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Lavina Rodrigues: 
Yeah, hi, sir. Congrats on the good set of numbers. So just two queries I had. 
One is on the pricing side; the domestic genset industry does seem to be in 
overcapacity which might last for some time. So do you see the pricing 
competition which is there? Do you see it stabilizing or bottoming sometime 
soon? And secondly sir your debtors, as the receivable days have gone up by 
more than -- have risen quite sharply. So I just wanted to understand, is this 
something that should ease off with time or are there some changes in terms of 
credit that is being offered in the industry? Thank you. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So I'll answer the second question first. The answer is, it has already improved 
pretty significantly as compared to the previous quarter, as you know that in the 
previous quarter, pretty much for two and a half months the entire machinery of 
customers, including the government was at complete standstill. And so no 
monies were being released by many of the big players, especially the 
government. And if you look at this quarter, already that has dropped from -- 
dropped pretty significantly, almost by half. And we are pretty confident that by 
the end of next quarter, we should have come back to our average which we 
have achieved after a lot of hard work over many years. So I remain confident 
that receivables will be under control. So there is no change in credit quality or 
any such thing. It's just the cycles of release of money from the government, I 
think, has been has been the biggest factors in other markets. So there is money 
available with our customers and we are we are receiving it and it's getting better 
and better over time. As far as your first question of whether power gen 
competition will be – pricing will be under pressure; pricing has always been 
under pressure, especially for us in the low horsepower market segments where 
you know, we don't manufacture some of the base engines globally as well. 
There has always been intense competition and Cummins continues to get a 
premium for its product as compared to other OEMs. We will continue to keep 
working on differentiating our product to be performing better than what our 
competition always has and we will continue to try to get a better pricing for our 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
products and what the competition is able to but that there is continuous 
pressure; that situation is neither new, nor is it going to change. And the only 
way we see of being able to break out of that constant pressure cycle is to keep 
improving our products and give customers more value for what they buy from 
us. 
Lavina Rodrigues: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Sir, we are already past the scheduled time. Should we 
go ahead? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think we should we should give folks another 10 minutes because some folks 
got in about 10 minutes late. So I'm good to go for another 10 minutes if you 
want to. 
Moderator: 
Sure sir. The next question is coming up from Ranjit Shivaraman. Line has been 
unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Ranjeet Shivaraman: 
Hi sir, thanks for taking the question again. If you can throw some clarity on 
like, how we see growth traction in terms of like, we have seen a recovery of 
growth in the second quarter. So in the next two quarters are you seeing the 
same kind of trajectory and if so, because all of these segments, if you can 
highlight within industrial or within power gen, there you see that demand is still 
continuing. 
Ashwath Ram: 
We continue to remain positive as well as optimistic. So, we have seen demand 
picking up in pretty much all market segments in the domestic market. I 
mentioned earlier about the export markets, saying that Q3s are typically weaker 
in export markets as compared to Q2, but we are still not exactly clear how 
much the drop is there likely to be, but in domestic markets we are seeing across 
the board, across segments that month on month, you know, we remain 
cautiously optimistic over there and we are likely to see sequential recovery. 
Ranjeet Shivaraman: 
Okay. And regarding the CPCB, we have put out some of our engines for 
testing. So when you -- when do you see that -- the results of that and what kind 
of postponement can we expect in terms of the deadline for CPCB as per what 
you would want to have? 
Ashwath Ram: 
As of now we are expecting six months to a year of postponement, and so that 
does not significantly impact our development plans. We are in advanced stages 
of readiness as far as product development is concerned and we are continuing 
the development cycle as we had originally planned. 
Ranjeet Shivaraman: 
Okay. Okay sir, thank you. Those are the questions from my side. 
Moderator: 
So the next question is coming from Renu Vaid. Line has been unmuted. Please 
go ahead. 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Renu Vaid: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity back, sir. The question was largely to 
understand on the LHP export side, we'd have seen some traction this quarter, so 
how is the outlook of the cup from the end markets in Africa, Latin, and do we 
see the LHP markets which were struggling for almost last two years, that are 
finally now coming back to normal? And the last question would be what would 
be the target as Capex for FY 21-22 for us? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So I don't have a clear – I will answer, again your second question first. I 
don't have a clear guidance on Capex other than to say that we have significantly 
cut back our Capex cycle. And you will see this year itself that we have cut back 
Capex significantly and as far as Cummins India Limited is concerned, the big 
cycles of Capex investment are -- as far as infrastructure are concerned, we are 
done with for quite some time, and the investments we are going to make in 
Capex are mainly going to be in product development and introduction of new 
products. And to answer your first question on low horsepower, regional, what 
are the themes from an export perspective, I think the biggest segment where we 
are seeing positive growth is in the telecom sector. And all of that is driven by 
the growth for or the investment being made in that sector for 5G networks, and 
the biggest of that investment is happening in Asia. And so we are seeing storng 
growth there which is likely to sustain for at least a while. Africa and the Middle 
East continue [Indiscernible] because of the weak oil prices and Africa because 
of the various other crises that the big nations like Nigeria and South Africa and 
all are undergoing. We are continuing to see a weakness in that whole continent 
and region. As far as Europe is concerned we were seeing demand start to pick 
up strongly. But with the second wave of COVID, we are now uncertain if, you 
know if we are going to see an impact in that or not; we hope we don't see an 
impact. But we don't know if it's -- again, if they go into a deep lockdown we 
could see an impact. And the same place holds true with Latin America; we 
were starting to see a revival but if there is a second wave coming through again, 
there could be some impact. So that's basically where we are. But we remain, 
again, cautiously optimistic that things are getting better than they used to be. 
Renu Vaid: 
Sure. And then you mentioned a demand happening -- coming from Asia for 5G; 
this will be both for India and China, China especially because they might be 
ahead in terms of implementation of this technology. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, other countries also like the Philippines and Malaysia and many of those 
countries, they seem to be moving faster with the 5g than even what India is 
doing. 
Renu Vaid: 
Sure. Thanks so much sir, and all the best for the subsequent quarter. Thank you, 
and all the best.  
Ashwath Ram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. Just for the confirmation, we have already exceeded 10 
minutes. Do you want to go ahead, still go ahead? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Four more minutes please. 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Moderator: 
Sure sir. The next question is coming up from Ajinkya Bhat. Line has been 
unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Hi sir, this is Ajinkya from [Indiscernible]. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, two 
questions. One question is, we saw in the news reports that you completed the 
certification of new emission norm engines for the construction equipment. And 
you mentioned that they can be easily upgraded to BS5 as well, if required in the 
future. So first question is, can you talk about its export potential? Does it 
improve our export potential to develop markets; whether we can gain shares 
within the parents sourcing locations globally? That's the first question. And 
secondly, on the raw material side, if we grab the India WPA index, it looks like 
that in the last two months in August and September, from the lows of the index 
of about 102-103, in August and September it has already recovered to 111 and 
112. So how much of that impact do you see on raw material costs? Will it just 
normalize to 65% of sales as has been seen historically, or could there be a 
further downside as well? Those are the questions. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So certainly the introduction of the CPCB4, we are among the first to 
market with those products. Certainly, they will help us not only gain market 
share in India, but yes, it opens up the opportunity in other markets as well. 
What is happening though, in some of those market segments is there is 
concentration of manufacturing in three or four countries. And so it's not really -
- those products are not really produced in like dozens of countries; they're 
produced in India, they're produced in China, they're produced in Japan, and 
maybe they're produced in America. And that's it, and a little bit in Europe. And 
so certainly with us localizing more of that product, there are opportunities to 
help our parent company by setting them some products to be more competitive 
in some of those other markets. And yes, it does open up doors for us, but how 
long that -- it takes to build that confidence that these products are going to be 
exactly tailored and suitable for those markets is a question of us, you know, 
working on that. So certainly, it will help is my outlook from a longer term 
perspective. As far as your second question is concerned -- I'm sorry. Could you 
repeat the second question again? 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Yeah. So I was saying if I -- now from your raw material cost, it was somewhere 
around 59% of [Indiscernible], it has come back to 60%. Right, and the 
[Indiscernible] cost has risen. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, so certainly commodities, some portion of commodities, we recover from 
customers. So yes, if it does go up drastically, and it goes beyond a certain 
threshold agreements that we have with suppliers, you know, that does impact 
us. And we have to watch out for that very carefully. But some of those are built 
in back to back with customers, some are not. And so we just have to figure out 
the most optimum way to deal with that and our teams are working aggressively 
to continue to work on a program we call accelerated cost efficiency. To keep 
working on overall material cost reduction; so even if one or two commodities 
go up, we continue to work on trying to improve the material margin. So my 
answer is yes, there will be an impact, but we will try to mitigate it with more 
cost reduction and value improvement activities. 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
So as of now, you don't think that there is any risk of RM cost shooting up 
beyond 65%, which has been the historical rendering. So it might normalize 
from 62% in Q2 to 65%. gradually over the next couple of quarters, but right 
now there is no risk of that overshooting. 
Ashwath Ram: 
There are many variables, yeah, there are many variables including global 
demand, and so many other factors are there for overall material costs to go up 
or down. As of now, we're not seeing trends which are very, very significantly 
increasing all the commodities. So I still feel that we should be able to manage 
within the range. 
Ajinkya Bhat: 
Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you so much. So thank you so much. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Thank you everyone. I can take one question, and then we can wrap up. 
Moderator: 
Sure sir. The next and the last question in the queue is coming up from Mr. 
Abhishek Puri. Line has been unmuted. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Puri: 
Thank you for the opportunity, and congrats for the results. I'm intrigued by one 
of your comments that you'd done some pricing changes in a few segments. 
Could you just elaborate on that, which are those segments? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's got to do with to the value addition that that we are doing. And so there are 
some segments such as data centers etc, where we are customizing products to 
meet the very, very specific and very stringent requirements of working 24 by 7 
and those kinds of conditions. And so we are able to get a little bit of better 
pricing from some of those kinds of segments. So you know that's the level of 
detail I can probably give you at this time. And we are also getting some better 
foreign exchange, foreign exchange realization, which is also helping with the 
overall pricing. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Right. So some of this foreign exchange realization, will it become a pass 
through in the coming quarters? Because typically, that's adjusted with one or 
two quarter lags, right? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Okay. And secondly sir, your parent company results actually showed a very 
strong growth in components. So will it be largely at the CPIL level or would it 
– would have covered our services business as well? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think it's a combination. Because as far as CIL is concerned, you know, it has 
some of those areas built in, but the global components better performance is 
driven by North American truck market becoming much, much stronger and 
recovering in a better way than what was anticipated. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Right. And my last question is on the export segment again, I think you've 
answered it partly, but in terms of HHP that has seen a good growth in YoY 
growth also from last year, and it's at some of the highest levels in last few 

                                         Cummins India Ltd. 
                                                     Analyst Call for Q2 2020-21 
                                                                October 30th, 2020 
 
years. So would it -- I mean, you've said, there are a few orders to sustain some 
of the growth. But I mean, how much of that could be pent up? And how much 
of that can be sustainable? I think it'll just help us model it better if it is 
available, because the number is really [Audio overlap] 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, it's really difficult to you know, say what is just pent up and what is 
sustainable. But we remain optimistic that a large chunk of it is sustainable. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Right. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Thank you. So that was the last question. And again, I apologize for some of the 
technical problems that we had at the start of this call, and I thank you all for 
participating and asking all of these very interesting questions. We continue to 
remain optimistic about the future of this company. We have been in India now 
for nearly 60 years, and globally we are 100 plus year old company. So we do 
remain optimistic about the long term future for this company. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much respected speakers. Thank you, participants for joining the 
con call. Wish you all have a great day ahead, and requesting to please stay safe. 
Thank you so much. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Thank you, everyone. Bye. 
