 
 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
October 19, 2020 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the meeting of 
board of directors on October 14, 2020 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the 
meeting of board of directors on October 14, 2020. This is for your information and records. 
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at www.infosys.com.  
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 

 
 
 
 
 
“Infosys-Press Call” 
 
October 14, 2020 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
M E D I A PA R T I C I PA N T S 
 
Kushal Gupta 
Zee Business 
 
Mugdha Variyar 
CNBC 
 
Chandra Ranganathan 
ET Now 
 
Ayushman Baruah 
Mint 
 
Sajeet Manghat 
BloombergQuint 
 
Saritha Rai 
Bloomberg 
 
Shilpa Phadnis 
The Times of India 
 
Jochelle Mendonca 
ET Prime 

 
2 
 
Swathi Moorthy 
MoneyControl 
 
Rukmini Rao 
Business Today 
 
Stuti Das 
PTI 
 
Nikita Periwal 
Cogencis 
 
Mini Tejaswi 
The Hindu 
 
Megha Mandavia 
The Economic Times 
 
Sankalp Phartiyal 
Reuters 
 

 
3 
 
Garima 
Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us for Infosys Q2 FY21 financial results. I 
am Garima and on behalf of Infosys, I would like to welcome you to this press conference. 
During these testing times, we hope you, your family and your dear ones are safe and well. 
Before we begin, I wanted to share a few guidelines with our attendees today. Please note, all 
journalists will be on mute by default throughout the press conference. You will be requested 
to unmute yourself when your name is called out for asking a question. Should you drop out, 
please rejoin using the same invite link. With that let me invite, Mr. Salil Parekh, CEO, Infosys 
to take us through the quarter gone by. Over to you, Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Good afternoon. I trust each of you are safe and healthy. We have had an exceptional quarter 
in the second quarter, across multiple dimensions: client impact, digital scaling, growth and 
operating margins. I am grateful to our clients for their continued trust in us and I am proud of 
our team for their incredible commitment to our clients. 
Let me share with you the highlights for Q2. Revenues grew by 2.2% YoY in constant currency 
and 4% QoQ in constant currency. Digital revenue grew at 25.4% YoY and now it accounts 
for 47% of our business. We delivered an operating margin of 25.4% and the large deal wins 
were $3.15 bn. 
Our industry leading performance over the first half of this year has been due to the immense 
commitment of our over 240,000 employees. Recognizing this continuing stellar commitment 
from our employees during these times, we are paying out variable pay for the quarter at 100%. 
We will pay a one-time special incentive in Q3 for our junior employees. The salary increase 
process will restart now and will be effective from January 1, 2021. We restarted promotions 
in the last quarter at our junior levels and this will now be expanded to all levels. 
I am thankful to each one of our employees for staying deeply committed to serving our clients 
as they have navigated their own personal challenges associated with the ongoing COVID 
situation and also with the remote operating model that we are working in. 

 
4 
 
So, a big thank you to all of our employees and all of our clients. Thank you and with that let 
me hand it over to you Garima for questions. 
Garima 
Thank you Salil. We will now open the floor for Q&A. Joining Salil, we have with us Mr. 
Pravin Rao, Chief Operating Officer, Infosys and Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer of 
Infosys. In the interest of time and to give everyone a fair chance may I please request our 
media friends to ask one question per leader only. Let us move on to our questions now.  
Our first question is coming up from Kushal Gupta from Zee Business. Hi Kushal, please 
unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Kushal Gupta 
Your results have been brilliant. So, I would like to congratulate you guys for this.  My question 
to Mr. Parekh is that you have increased the guidance for the revenue and the margins, is it 
because of the client confidence, cost cutting or cost savings which has happened or the 
acquisitions which you have had in the past, that we are able to see such an increase? My 
second question is for Mr. Rao. We have seen better performance in BFSI and Retail verticals, 
will this continue? And in the manufacturing vertical which has weakened, what are key factors 
that we need to focus for its revival? Third question to Mr. Nilanjan is that, there have been 
several cost deferrals due to the pandemic, what is the situation now and are there any price 
negotiations happening? Please provide us some clarity on those aspects? 
Salil Parekh 
Revenue guidance and margin guidance has been increased- both of those are coming from 
what we have seen with our business and the confidence that our clients have in what we are 
doing. The growth comes from the digital work that we are doing with our clients on their 
transformation journey, how we are supporting them in their cloud business. Specifically, with 
respect to margin, Nilanjan will also expand on it, there were several specific one-off situations 
that we saw in Q2. Yet, we see extreme strength in the way that they are going forward with 
the business as also as we increase our commitment in terms of salary increases that I just 
talked about. So, overall on the demand side, we see a good demand and a good pipeline and 

 
5 
 
thanks to some of the recent wins that we have had over the past few quarters and on the margin 
side, a very strong discipline managing, the way we are looking at our business in addition to 
some things that we saw on a one-time basis.  
With that Pravin over to you on the second part. 
Pravin Rao 
On the segment side, from a Financial Services perspective, we continue to see good 
performance both on a YoY and sequential basis. The areas of spend include in the mortgage 
processing, in payment space, in lending and banks are also investing heavily in terms of 
enabling remote ways of working, advisory, digital banking, retail banking and so on. Though 
we see bit muted performance in capital markets and cards and payment space. On the Retail 
side, we had a tough quarter in Q1, but we have seen improved performance in Q2. On a YoY 
basis, performance has been flat, but on the QoQ basis, we have seen growth coming back in 
the retail segment. However, given the nature of the segment, continued bankruptcies and some 
of the challenges we have seen, we remain cautious about it for the future. Manufacturing is 
another segment, which has been severely impacted by the pandemic. We have seen impact on 
both demand and supply side and in addition, they have also had impact of the trade wars. 
However, things seem to have stabilized in the coming quarter and we expect spend to come 
back slowly. So, while banking has done extremely well, Financial Services, has done 
extremely well, the pace of recovery in both Retail and Manufacturing will be slow, but it has 
been very encouraging in the Q2 and we expect that pace to continue. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Your question on pricing and margin, if I step back about two quarters when the pandemic 
started, and we all spoke to you at the end of April. When we were looking at entire cost 
management at that time, I think this was a three-pronged approach that we took. Firstly, it was 
about deferrals of cost, which was around promotions, wage hikes, hiring etc. The second one 
was how do we cut the discrete expenditure whether it was travel or it was brand expenditure 
etc., and third was our continued strategic cost levers of onsite, offshore pyramid and 
automation, subcontractors. So, this was the three-pronged approach we have taken and clearly 
the impact of all those three have been seen in the margin improvements across QoQ. 

 
6 
 
Specifically in Q2, our margins went up sequentially by 2.7% about 100-basis points from RPP 
which is pricing; it is a combination of the base impact, which we have seen in this quarter and 
also some impact of a moderated discount environment, which is ad hoc. The second one is of 
course around utilization – by about 80-basis points, which had dropped in the previous quarter. 
So, we have seen a margin impact of that as utilization has improved. The third is the onsite-
offshore mix due to the temporary travel restrictions overseas, we have seen it improving 
substantially and that was around 80-basis points of margin. Now as you can understand a part 
of this margin benefit has been helped by the deferral of these costs which is why we have seen 
some accelerated margins and going into the second half of the year as Salil mentioned, some 
of these cost increases will now come back like wage hikes, promotions, hiring, etc., we will 
see some impact of that as well. 
Garima 
Thank you for the answers. Our next question is from Mugdha from CNBC.  
Mugdha Variyar 
Firstly, congratulations to all of you on a really strong quarter. Salil, let me come to you first, 
I want to ask you again, M&A activity has really been strong for Infosys this year already, four 
acquisitions in this calendar year. Firstly is there more appetite for more acquisitions and which 
areas will you look at and if you can also breakdown organic and inorganic growth for us and 
also highlight what is the contribution from the Vanguard deal to the revenues in this quarter, 
if you can highlight that? Nilanjan, a little bit on the capital allocation policy, while your peers 
have announced a buyback, you did not choose to announce buyback, you have announced an 
interim dividend as well but what is the rationale behind that if you can highlight that for us? 
And also, Nilanjan on the pricing, last quarter Infosys mentioned that there were some pricing 
discounts in Retail and Manufacturing, have those come back or are they coming back to 
original levels? Pravin to you, firstly good to hear that promotions and hikes are back from 
January, but will they be on par with pre-COVID levels and on voluntary attrition, it is quite 
low now. What are the factors that have led to this low voluntary attrition? And across verticals 
as well, you did say that the pace of recovery in retail and manufacturing will be slow when do 
you expect to see full recovery? 

 
7 
 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Mugdha for those questions. On M&A, we always had an aim to build out the M&A 
which is focused on our digital capabilities.  So, we saw something with a strong partner, 
Adobe, with another strong partner Salesforce, we have done something very exciting with 
another partner ServiceNow and then something in the product design space. So those are all 
different parts of the company and now we are looking around that and integration is going. 
We are still open to looking at other things as and when they make sense. In terms of the impact, 
obviously these are very small and 3 of them were done in the last three months and they are 
small businesses which are going to start, and it will boost our Digital capabilities.  In terms of 
your question on Vanguard we do not break out specifically the revenue specificities of that 
client in at least this scenario. We are very positive with respect to what we see on the demand 
side as you know how we looked at the revenue growth margins discussion that we have had. 
Pravin over to you, please. 
Pravin Rao 
On the comp increases as Salil mentioned this will be across level effective January 1st. The 
quantum of increase will be identical to what we have done in the previous year. Your second 
question was around attrition. Attrition obviously has come down dramatically. It is 
significantly lower than what we typically see in this time of the year and our comfort zone. 
There are several reasons to it. Obviously, during this pandemic we have had tremendous focus 
on employee engagement, particularly engaging with employees in the virtual world was a big 
challenge. We have done several interventions, we have enabled managers to deal with 
employees in a virtual manner. We have created a lot of focus on physical wellness, emotional 
wellness. There have been over 200 initiatives and a lot of people have participated. We also 
encouraged the employee’s family as well. There have been tremendous focus on health and 
safety of the employees as well and even when we had employees come into office have come 
to a very secure environment and they have also been able to quickly enable them to work from 
home providing assets and other things. So, there are a lot of focus and the effort is ongoing 
and even for employees who were tested positive, we have provided tremendous amount of 
support right from hospital tie-up to providing ambulances and foresee continuous 
engagements with them. So that is one of the reasons why we feel attrition has come down. 

 
8 
 
Obviously this will not be sustainable once the growth comes back, but we are quite confident 
that we should be able to sustain in a very narrow band going forward.  
In terms of segment performance as I mentioned on a YoY basis, we had positive growth in 
Financial Services, in Life Sciences and HiTech. Retail was flattish. Other segments had lower 
growth but on a sequential basis almost every segment had a positive growth. So, from that 
perspective, we expect degrowth to have bottomed out and growth coming back. Obviously, 
the pace of growth will be much faster in HiTech, Energy Services and so on but in Retail, 
Manufacturing and other things it will take some time for recovery to happen but we have 
already started seeing some positive signs. 
Nilanjan Roy 
So Mugdha to your first question on the capital allocation, I think we have a clearly articulated 
capital allocation policy. We rolled that out last year in terms of an increased payout to our 
shareholder. So earlier it used to be 70% every year, now it is 85% over a period of five years 
and the whole idea was to give more predictability to our shareholders and give more cash 
back. So the Board considers in line with that policy every year with our cash flows and our 
projected earnings. Based on that in fact, that is the reason we had given the higher dividend 
of 50% on interim dividend on a YoY basis due to a better performance and higher cash flows 
on a YoY basis. 
Garima 
Thank you for the answers. We will now move on to the next question which is coming from 
Chandra from ET Now. Chandra please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Thank you so much for talking to ET Now. When I interviewed you a few weeks ago, you gave 
us a little hint of what is coming but this is a clear outperformance. Sir I want to start by asking 
you, can these strong deal wins in Q2 be used as a run rate for the future? And Digital now is 
more than 45% for you. What is it going to be in the next two years and where do you stand as 
far as Infy’s contention as a bellwether is concerned? Do you believe, it is a serious contender 
for the bellwether title? Nilanjan, if you can take us through pricing. Salil mentioned during 

 
9 
 
the quarter that pricing is stable, but are these newer digital services giving you some pricing 
power? Pravin what percentage of employees continue to work from home? Will you look at a 
hybrid model going forward because you all have said that social capital is also important. How 
is it going to pan out going forward? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Chandra, for those questions. I think on Digital what we are seeing is a continued 
change in the way different industries and different clients are looking at their digital journey. 
We have clearly seen through the last six months worldwide, as the people who were more 
advanced in how their digital infrastructure was set up, those companies have accelerated even 
faster. And this is a time when a lot of those industries and those companies are looking to go 
at a different pace. With the investments that we have made specifically in Digital over the last 
two and three years, that has been a tremendous benefit in what has happened. In terms of large 
deal wins those as we have discussed, and I have shared before are more volatile. So those are 
not predicted in every quarter at a certain level; however, we believe our pipeline is fairly good.  
We are at 47% of Digital, I think very shortly we will cross over 50% mark, but the journey 
will keep continuing because the more capability that we build in this and work with different 
clients, the more opportunities we have in other spaces.  
In terms of bellwether, my answer remains the same. I think it is clearly for other people to get 
those points and not for me. Nilanjan over to you! 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks, Salil. Your question on pricing, in fact, if you see Digital, we have historically seen 
our digital pricing has been at a higher level. But at the same time, there have been margin 
pressure in terms of pricing on the core. So that is the reason why some of that balances off. 
From a discount environment, definitely, in Q1, we saw a higher elevated level of discounts 
whereas some ongoing or some one-timers that has moderated a bit in this quarter and we are 
seeing some pricing impact of that. But like I said this varies from QoQ so there is no secular 
trend on it as well. 
Chandra Ranganathan 

 
10 
 
Pravin on the work-from-home percentage? 
Pravin Rao 
In terms of work-from-home, today we have about 99% of the people globally working from 
home - in India, Americas, in parts of Australia, New Zealand it’s close to 99%. In Europe we 
have slowly started seeing some return to office. We have about roughly 10% of the people 
working in office in Continental Europe. We also have presence in China and Hong Kong and 
there it is the reverse we have about 90% of the people working in office and less than 10% 
working from home. The future as we have said it is a hybrid model where people will have 
the ability to work-from-home or work from office in a seamless manner. It will depend on the 
nature of work, client comfort and their own comforts as well and it is not the same set of 
people always working from home or working from office. So, for us I think the percentage is 
academic because the same set of people can at times work-from-home and work-from-office. 
So, our endeavor is to make sure that we create an environment where people have the ability 
to do that. Obviously given the need for social capital and other stuff there will always be a 
time when employees want to come and connect and interact with their colleagues and so on. 
We are not really stating any point on the percentage, we have to be flexible, and anyone should 
have the ability to work-from-home or work-from-office. 
Garima 
Thank you so much for answers. The next question is from Ayushman from Mint. 
Ayushman Baruah 
Thanks, Salil. My first two questions are for you. What are the trends in discretionary spend 
that you see, I know that the lines may be blurred now, but are clients willing to spend more 
on ‘good to have’ technologies rather than the ‘must have’? Second, which geographies are 
really driving your recovery, is it driven by the US or is it driven by UK and Europe. And for 
Nilanjan, could you just throw some light on the increase in PAT, I mean is this also affected 
by people working from home and less of traveling costs etc. Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 

 
11 
 
Thanks for your question Ayushman. Discretionary spend is still patchy. What we see is where 
clients have embarked on a digital transformation journey or they have lot of focus on cost 
efficiency, automation and in some cases on consolidation of vendors, those are three quick 
themes that we see in how some of these discussions with our clients are playing out today. In 
terms of the growth, we have seen growth as you saw in the numbers in all geographies on the 
YoY basis and on a QoQ basis. To be clear there is more separation by industry. For example 
as Pravin was sharing earlier, HiTech is doing quite well for us today, Life Sciences is growing 
quite well, Financial Services is quite stable in its growth and then we see some of those, other 
industries starting to come back more on a QoQ basis, for example, Retail. With that let me 
pass it to Nilanjan for the other part. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Ayushman, I think clearly the reflection in PAT improvement is coming from higher growth 
and higher margins. And as I mentioned on the margins side, we had a margin improvement 
strategy at the beginning of COVID which was how do we attack all the cost levers. Clearly 
discretionary costs like travel etc., have helped the margins, you have seen our travel costs 
actually coming down quite sharply and of course we think some of this will return once the 
pandemic is behind and travel continues to start again. But we are seeing some of those benefits 
of work-from-home because of lower travel etc. On the same time I think we also invested 
some money in technology enablement for people who are enabled to work-from-home, 
technology spends and sourcing laptops to all our employees, our security communication 
spends also have gone up but all in all there have been a benefit because of work-from-home. 
Garima 
Thank you everyone. Sajeet can we have your question please. 
Sajeet Manghat 
Mr. Parekh my first question to you is on IT spends. You are speaking to many clients of yours. 
What is the kind of IT spending that you are seeing especially in the new technology space? 
Are you seeing a better deal conversion which is happening now because of reduced stress? 
Any of the faster conversions happening on the deals as we speak. For Pravin, especially the 

 
12 
 
BFSI space if you can give us an idea of how the entire BFSI space is now looking with respect 
to new applications, cloud, and some of the sectors like Retail and Energy, how are they looking 
for you. Nilanjan, the operating margin guidance that you are giving us 23% to 24%, my 
question is what is the assumption made behind that 23% to 24%? What percentage of your 
workforce is basically working from home and for the entire FY21 to get the margin of 23% to 
24%? We also saw your employee benefit expenses coming down this quarter, what is the 
reason behind that? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sajeet. The deal conversions are about the same. There are some deal situations which 
on average most of the deal’s conversion timelines look about the same as what we saw at the 
start, which is about six months. So, nothing in that sense moved faster or slower. We see a 
good pace of deal conversions that are going through right now. In terms of what we see in the 
market itself the type of work is still focused more and more on digital work, cost efficiency 
and vendor consolidation. Pravin over to you on the BFSI and other sectors. 
Pravin Rao 
In the BFSI sector as I mentioned earlier, we have seen a positive growth in the banking space 
whereas spend in capital markets and cards and payment is a bit muted. In the banking space 
itself there is a lot of spend in, mortgage, in lending, in customer care, in payment space and 
also in enabling virtual ways of working through digital bank, digital consultancy and so on. 
There is also lot of focus on security and here it is a lot of application of artificial intelligence 
and analytics and so on. In the Retail space, we see a good traction in brokerage space, health 
and personal care we are seeing good traction in parts of the CPG. Obviously, again there is lot 
of focus on online commerce because there is a tremendous increase in online spend, adoption 
of online and almost every retailer and even CPG segment is also focusing on direct to 
consumer. In the Utility space, there is spend on grid modernization, there is spend on customer 
care and so on. So net-net in general across segments there is a lot of focus on enabling remote 
ways of working, lot of focus on accelerated digital transformation, lot of focus on migrating 
work load to cloud. Cloud is a big thing today because clients have very clearly recognized that 
Cloud brings in resiliency and the speed in which you can innovate can be much more faster if 
you are in a cloud environment. So that there is lot of cost spend on cloud as well and obviously 

 
13 
 
there is also focus on cost take out, the consolidation of vendors and all of those and these 
trends are common across the vertical. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Sajeet your question on margin, yes, we have upped our margin guidance for the year. As you 
have seen from 21% to 23%, which was previous guidance, to 23% to 24%. Clearly we have 
seen the first half improvement, but we think there will become headwinds in the second half 
as we start rolling out some of the deferred cost impact as we talked about the pay hikes, the 
hiring across, the promotions, so we will see some of that impact kicking in and will impact. 
We also know Q3 is a seasonally weaker quarter because of furlough from our clients, so that 
has been baked into the overall guidance of 23% to 24% for the year.  
From a work-from-home perspective, I think we expect most of the year a lot of the work-
from-home will continue as is. You could see some geographies opening up slightly, but I think 
most of this year we will continue to see that happen. 
Garima 
Thank you. We will take our next question from Saritha Rai from Bloomberg. Saritha, please 
unmute yourself and ask the question 
Saritha Rai 
Two questions from me. One is about digital revenues which grew over 25% and now closing 
in on half of your revenues, I am assuming that a lot of your clients are already sort of digitally 
transformed. I wanted a more nuanced glimpse into what kind of work are you doing which is 
new and innovative for clients especially clients in the BFSI sector? My second question is 
about H1B visas, since last week we saw the Trump administration further tightened 
restrictions of H1B which might affect almost a third overall H1B applications. How is that 
going to affect your onsite offsite balance and what about cost implications especially since 
you use quite a lot of contracted workers?  
Salil Parekh 

 
14 
 
Thanks for that questions Saritha. I think, what we have seen with clients is a lot more work in 
digital and to give you a couple of examples, there is tremendous movement on how clients are 
leveraging the cloud. What they are doing with it, they are using the cloud to create new ways 
of distributing, what they are doing in terms of their product, how they are connecting to their 
suppliers, how they are connecting with their employees. So these type of different ways of 
leveraging this new technology, makes it much more efficient for many of our large clients to 
scale, to be flexible, to adapt. So if we look at Retail Industry, the e-commerce revolution is 
absolutely remarkable. In the type of stats you see whether you see it in the Western European 
markets, US markets, Asia and Pacific markets, what we are seeing in India and those are the 
sorts of digital transformation activities that we are more and more participating in.  
For the second part, I will just give one view. Pravin will have much more depth on it. We 
started our localization work in the US specifically several years ago, that is another example 
of a strategic decision that was made by the company and that is paying benefits to us because 
with the regulatory changes, that decision where we built six digital centres, recruiting locally, 
will give us some benefit . For more specifics on this, Pravin over to you. 
Pravin Rao 
As Salil mentioned since 2017, we have aggressively embarked on a localization strategy. In 
the last three years, we have recruited more than 13,000 locals in US. Today, nearly 63% of 
our workforce are local and visa independent. We have also recruited from universities and we 
are also creating local talent as well through our training and technology capabilities. In 
addition, we have also expanded our presence in Mexico and Canada where we can provide 
same time zone services to our clients. At the end of the day, it is all about talent and we are 
very confident that we should be able to bring the right talent either locally or globally to our 
clients to meet their needs and we should be able to manage some of the challenges we are 
seeing on H1B visa with minimal impact. 
Garima 
Thank you. We will move to a next question now. It is from Shilpa Phadnis from The Times 
of India. Shilpa, please unmute yourself and ask the question. 

 
15 
 
Shilpa Phadnis 
This question is to Mr. Parekh. The US fiscal stimulus has so far kept the IT downside in check. 
Do you think the concerns around discontinuing the stimulus in the US could threaten recovery 
and also impact the banking sector? My second question is on if you were to review your own 
three year transformation strategy, how would you see that playing out especially do you see 
the runway for recovery is taking a little longer post the pandemic. The third question, your 
revenue per employee has dropped to $53,500. I just wanted to get a clarity compared to last 
year it is a drop of $1000, how do you see that tying into your strategy of nearing 50% in digital 
revenue. Thank you  
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for your question Shilpa, I will start with the first one. We see strength in the US 
economy at this stage. We do not know specifically on the policy changes, but what we seen 
so far from both European and US where the economies have been supportive, we see a lot of 
strength in those economies and that is definitely positive for what we see in our business. 
More broadly we see the huge strength in technology, which is a very large mega trend 
worldwide that is driving some of these changes. In addition to that your second point of our 
three-year plan, some of the strategic choices we have made, we’ve talked about Digital, we 
talked about localization, our intense focus on large client partnerships and deals, the way we 
worked on reskilling, our own digital infrastructure within the company, all those elements and 
choices we have made a few years ago are what is resulting in where we are today. In fact my 
sense is our recovery is much faster than what we see with the industry as a whole. We are one 
of the few players who have YoY growth in this environment. And so we think we are gaining 
market share compared to what the industry is seeing and that is the function of where we see 
ourselves with our clients and the commitment of our employees. 
Garima 
Thank you. Next question is from Jochelle from ET Prime. Jochelle has sent a question over 
text, which I am going to read out. It is for Nilanjan on how the DSOs are holding up since we 
have seen record low DSOs in other companies. Nilanjan, could you please take that up? 

 
16 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So, we have also seen very good collections. I think our DSOs have sequentially dropped 
by two days and that has reflected in our free cash flows. In this time also we have extended 
some help over the last half year to some of our clients in terms of extended credit terms, etc. 
So, all in all I think if you see our cash flows, we have been very happy with what we have 
achieved and the reduction in DSOs. 
Garima  
Thank you Nilanjan. We will move to our next question for now. It is from Swathi Moorthy 
from MoneyControl. 
Swathi Moorthy 
Just a couple of questions; how much of an impact is the recent change in H1B is going to have 
on margins and what are the alternatives that you have, also offshoring has increased compared 
to last year to73.9%, some thoughts on that. Second question is about the hiring outlook? So, 
compared to the last quarter the number of headcounts increased to 240,208 despite onboarding 
freshers.  
Pravin Rao 
On the first question on the impact of H1B as I said earlier there are several levers and today 
we are less dependent and also the wage increase will immediately impact only the people who 
are going in the new LCAs going forward. It will not impact people who will go on the older 
LCAs or existing LCA. So, I think we have enough time for us to use many of the levers that I 
talked about including the nearshore, offshore, more aggressive onsite hiring and so on. So, I 
think, as we said earlier, we should be able to manage the challenges with minimal impact.  
The second question I think was on hiring. In this quarter, we had about 5,500 additions in 
Infosys Limited roughly about 3,000 freshers and about 2,500 were laterals. For this year we 
are looking at about 16,500 freshers within India joining us and next year obviously the hiring 
has started for next year and we are probably looking at about 15,000 hires. 

 
17 
 
Garima 
Thank you. The next question is from Rukmini Rao from Business Today. 
Rukmini Rao 
I just wanted some bit of insight around the pandemic driven cloud migration or any of those 
deals that are happening, is there some sense of commoditization of that and is there pricing 
pressure on such deals with most of the companies doing similar kind of work. Some bit of 
understanding around that. Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On the cloud deals that you referenced in this current environment, we are seeing, today at least 
there is no commoditization. In fact, what we are noticing is if you have depth of expertise and 
some of the acquisitions we have done in the last weeks, organically what we have grown 
within the capabilities whether it is in some of our partners on the public cloud, whether it is 
some of the partners on hybrid cloud or whether it is some of the SaaS players, more expertise 
than in the more capability combined with the industry knowledge the vendor position we have 
less of margin. These are sorts of things most clients are looking for. 
Rukmini Rao 
Is the premium, really more than what it was earlier on such deals, if they were? 
Salil Parekh 
I would not say there is a premium. I would definitely say there is no commoditization and the 
more differentiated you are, the more you are able to become more and more close to your 
clients in how these transactions and deals are done and as we build our scale overtime, we can 
start to look at what sort of premium that generate. 
Garima 
Thank you so much for the answer. We will take our next question from Stuti from PTI. I am 
going to read out that question. The question is for Salil. What will be the impact of recent 

 
18 
 
announcement on H1B visa? Infosys had announced new hiring plans for US, how much of 
that has been completed and the last part is 63% locals in the US, is there a scope to increase it 
further? 
Pravin Rao 
I have already stated earlier, today we have about 63% of employees who are locals or visa 
independent in US and we have recruited about 13,000 people since we started this program 
about three year back and even before the new regulations we announced our intent to hire 
another 12,000 in the next two years. Finally the number of people we hire will be subject to 
availability of talent. And we are not only hiring laterals, but we are also hiring people from 
community colleges, people from local colleges, universities and we are training them, 
providing them digital skills and so on. As long as talent is available, we should be able to 
recruit as much as needed . We have recruited 13,000 people and in recent announcement we 
talked about 12,000 people that is for two years and it will happen over a period of time. 
Garima 
The next question is from Nikita Periwal from Cogencis. I am going to read out this question 
as well. Want to get a sense on interactions with clients in the Retail and Insurance space, would 
Retail be one of the last ones to recover? 
Pravin Rao 
As I said, we feel Retail was one of the segments other than Manufacturing which was impacted 
majorly by COVID. The sector is seeing very encouraging trends. This quarter we have seen 
growth in Retail. We have had 3 out of the 16 large deal wins from retail space, so we feel 
reasonably confident about this space. Clients are continuing to invest in online and in 
analytics. At the same time, we are also a little bit cautious given continued number of stores 
closing and, we have festival season where spend is likely to be lower and could have a furlough 
impact and so on. But the positive thing is growth has come back and I think in the next two 
quarter, is when we start seeing come back to normal. That is on the retail space.  
Nikita Periwal 

 
19 
 
I have a couple of more questions. Your peers have indicated that they are seeing a mix of large 
as well as small deals. Is this something that you are seeing as well and if yes, what are these 
new industries that are coming up for spending in technology, what are they looking at? The 
second thing is you mentioned that you have been seeing a lot of vendor consolidation and 
people are obviously choosing bigger companies like Infosys, which they trust. In which sector 
are you seeing the maximum benefit of this vendor consolidation and any impact from Brexit 
because the deadline is nearing now? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start with the trends, what we are seeing is more and more where we see companies 
which are focused on a few retail online tech companies which are changing, what they are 
doing for different types of consumers, companies which are more focused on taking advantage 
of the cloud infrastructure or the digital capabilities, those are the sorts of companies, our client 
base is the larger companies in the Global 2000 or Global 3000 and those are the types of 
companies where we see the biggest impact in, where we see more and more activity for the 
change. For the others, we see where they are going through large transformation programs 
where they are making changes to their established business models to leverage these new 
business models that are emerging and how those can be leveraged. On the vendor 
consolidation, we see several discussions, but we do not see a distinction across industries in 
those discussions. Those discussions are positive in that we see good affinity from our clients 
for us but those discussions will play out in my view over the next several quarters. 
Garima 
Thank you. We will take our next question now from Mini Tejaswi from The Hindu, which I 
will read out. It is for Salil. As you spoke about 100% variable pay, one-time special incentive, 
promotions, salary hike etc., can you elaborate on timeline and number of employees going to 
be covered under these and also a percentage of wage hike please? 
Salil Parekh 
As Pravin shared, we are going to look at what we do in terms of salary increases which is 
going to be a similar in the approach we have taken in previous years. I have already shared, 

 
20 
 
in terms of number of employees covered in one-time incentive, our focus is much more on 
our junior employees, all of our employees have contributed tremendously. Everyone in this 
environment as you can imagine is going through individual challenges, how everyone is 
working even if it is work from home, everyone has different ways of dealing with that 
situation. We have seen the contribution that the employees have made and they are absolutely 
incredible and that is in part a huge contributor to how the company has performed. That is the 
reason why we have announced performance bonus to recognize employees as we witness 
growth. 
Garima 
Thank you Salil. We will move on to our next question, it is from Megha Mandavia from The 
Economic Times. 
Megha Mandavia 
Thank you for the opportunity to ask this question. Hello everyone. Congratulations on a stellar 
quarter. The question I wanted to ask you was that change of guard is expected in the US, how 
is that impacting your decision making on IT spends, are they delaying or deferring, to after 
US Presidential Election. And the second question I wanted to ask was that can we expect a 
continued decline in onsite mix for the employees going forward in the US?  
Salil Parekh 
On the first part, we do not see a lot of activity going on in the US with respect to the elections, 
but we have seen with our interactions with our clients across different industries, decision-
making has continued as they made progress on their transformation activities. In terms of the 
onsite mix, the way we see it and as Nilanjan was sharing earlier there are travel constraints in 
last few months and that has in part helped and those are programs we have put in place to 
become much more efficient. However, over time we will see some of the onsite mix will 
change as travel opens up.  
Garima 

 
21 
 
Since we could not have Sankalp join us we have his question over text which I am going to 
read out. For Salil this question is while digital is growing to become nearly 50% of the business 
how is the run side of the business doing in this environment? We have seen some pricing 
pressure there earlier; has it improved or has the pricing pressure increased? The second 
question is for Pravin, you are saying that you are largely going to depend on the tech 
previously announced to meet H1B challenges, is there nothing new on that front that you will 
do? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start on the first part in the terms of run and digital. As we shared digital is growing at 
25%, what we are also seeing very clearly is in many situations, clients are transforming their 
core to become digital and in doing that that is where we see a lot of changes and lot of 
transformation happening in the client IT landscape. In terms of run, the run business is still a 
large part of our activity, running quite well. We have a special expertise in automation. We 
have deployed  our AI capabilities into that space and that is giving us tremendous benefit both 
in expanding with our clients, giving them some benefits of this efficiency and then ensuring 
that we remain competitive in that space. For the second part, Pravin will reply. 
Pravin Rao 
The kind of regulatory changes we are seeing is something we have seen in the past and it will 
continue irrespective of which government comes to power. I think, the only way out is to 
reduce dependency on visa and that is the journey we are on the last three years. And we need 
to continue the journey as well. I said there are multiple levers available, once of course 
increasing localization and strengthening our presence in nearshore centres in the same time 
zone and finally, it is also about availability of talent as long as they have good talent. In this 
COVID environment we have seen how majority of the work can be done in a remote manner. 
So, it is possible, I think we are extremely confident to service our clients based on whatever 
talent they need, whether it is local onshore or with talent available in India and other parts of 
the world. So that is our focus, but in the long run we have to derisk the business and reduce 
dependency on visa.  
Garima 

 
22 
 
Thank you so much, that wraps up our Q&A segment for today. Thank you so much Salil, 
Pravin and Nilanjan for answering all those questions so patiently. With that we will close 
today’s press conference. As we sign off, I would like to inform that the archive webcast of 
this press conference will be available on the Infosys website and our YouTube channel later 
today. Thank you once again for joining us. Take care and stay safe. 

 
 
 
 
 
Infosys Earnings Call 
Q2 FY2021 
October 14, 2020 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations 
 
A N A LY S T S 
 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
HSBC 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec 
 
Moshe Katri 
Wedbush 
 
Keith Bachman 
Bank of Montreal 
 
Sandeep Agarwal 
Edelweiss 
 
Bryan Bergin 
Cowen 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Kotak 
 
Diviya Nagarajan 
UBS 

 
2 
 
 
Ankur Rudra 
JP Morgan 
 
Pankaj Kapoor 
CLSA 

 
3 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys earnings conference call. As a 
reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello, everyone and welcome to the Infosys earnings call to discuss Q2 FY21 financial 
results. I am Sandeep from the Investor Relations Team in Bengaluru. 
Joining us today on this call is CEO & MD, Mr. Salil Parekh, COO, Mr. Pravin Rao, CFO, 
Mr. Nilanjan Roy, along with other members of senior management team. 
We will initiate the call with some remarks on the performance of the company by Salil, 
Pravin and Nilanjan on the most recently concluded quarter before opening up the call for 
questions. 
Please note that anything which we say which refers to our outlook for the future is a 
forward-looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. A complete statement of explanation of these risks is available in our filings 
with the SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass it on to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. I trust each of 
you, are safe and healthy. 
We had an exceptional quarter in the second quarter across multiple dimensions – client 
impact, revenues, digital scaling, large deal wins, continued account expansion, operating 

 
4 
 
margin expansion, strong cash flows and reduction in employee attrition. I am grateful to our 
clients for their continued trust in us and I am proud of our team for their incredible 
commitment to our clients. 
Let me share with you some of the highlights for Q2: 
1. Revenues in constant currency grew at 2.2% YoY and 4.0% sequentially on the back of a 
very strong Q1.  
2. Our growth for H1 over H1 was 1.9% in constant currency terms. 
3. Digital revenues grew at 25.4% YoY in constant currency and now accounts for 47.3% of 
our revenues. 
4. We delivered operating margin of 25.4%, which is an expansion of 370 basis points YoY 
and 270 basis points sequentially. This was achieved after rewarding our employees with 
variable pay at 100% and awarding a onetime special bonus. 
5. Large deal wins, which are wins of work above $50 mn in TCV per contract were at 
$3.15 bn.  
6. Large deal pipeline remained strong as clients look at accelerating digital transformation 
programs and continuing their focus on automation and cost efficiency. 
7. Our voluntary attrition in IT services is at 7.8%. 
8. Our operating cash flow was at 793 mn, a 52% increase YoY. 
9. Our balance sheet remained strong with cash and investments positions at $4.6 bn with no 
debt. 
Our industry leading performance over the first half of this year has been due to the immense 
commitment of our over 240,000 employees. Recognizing the continuing stellar contribution 
from our employees during these times 
1. We are paying out variable pay for the quarter at 100%.  
2. We will pay a onetime special incentive in Q3 for junior level employees.  
3. The salary increase process will restart now and will be effective as of January 1, 2021.  
4. We restarted promotions in the last quarter at our junior levels. This will now be 
expanded across all levels. 

 
5 
 
I am thankful to each one of our employees for staying deeply committed to serving our 
clients as they themselves navigated their own personal challenges associated with the 
ongoing COVID situation and the remote operating model. 
We launched Infosys Cobalt where we brought together all our cloud services, platforms and 
solutions to support our clients in accelerating their cloud journey and reducing the risk to 
their cloud programs. Cobalt has 200 industry templates and 14000 cloud components 
available to our clients for their cloud first programs. Cobalt is built with strong partnerships 
with leading SaaS, PaaS and Infra as a Service companies across public, private and hybrid 
cloud environments. 
In Q2, we took another large step in our local hiring plans in the US. In the past three years, 
we have launched six digital centers in the US and hired over 13,000 US workers. We now 
announced plans to hire an additional 12,000 US workers over the next two years, bringing 
our hiring commitment in the US to 25,000 over five years. We believe our localization 
approach is a significant market differentiator and will help us better navigate regulatory 
changes. The sustained localization investments will ensure that we are able to continue 
servicing our clients across markets with a combination of local and global talent. 
The past three months also saw us announce three acquisitions, GuideVision focused on 
ServiceNow, Blue Acorn focused on Adobe and Kaleidoscope focused on medical product 
design. 
Our service delivery continues to be exceptional. The feedback from clients remains positive 
and the dedication of our employees is tremendous. Today 99% of our workforce continues 
to work from home.  
Our results in Q2 are a combination of our continued focus on the needs of our clients, steady 
execution and our clear strategy to build a digital and cloud aligned company. Looking ahead, 
we continue to see strong traction in our business.  
We increase our revenue guidance for the full year from 0%-2% to 2%-3% growth in 
constant currency YoY. We increase our operating margin guidance for the full year from 
21%-23% to 23%-24%. 

 
6 
 
Thank you. Now let me request Pravin to update you on our operations. Over to you Pravin! 
Pravin Rao 
Thank you, Salil. Hello everyone. Hope you are all well and safe.  
As we continue to wade through the continuing complexities posed by the pandemic, our 
rock solid focus on client relevance and employee wellbeing is helping us navigate this 
challenge successfully. 
With most of our delivery centers across the globe remaining closed, the vast majority of our 
employees are working effectively from home and we are making all efforts to ensure ease of 
work delivery in a secure manner. 
Growth accelerated during the quarter as economies across the world started opening up 
gradually and clients focused on technology to help overcome the impediments. Revenues 
increased by 4.0% sequentially on constant currency on top of the robust performance in Q1. 
YoY growth continued to remain positive and increased further to 2.2% in constant currency. 
Q2 revenues included only a marginal contribution from the Vanguard deal, which should 
start ramping up from Q3 onwards.  
Several operating parameters improved during the quarter-  utilization, onshore delivery 
share, RPP and subcon costs. Utilization in Q2 improved by 240 bps to 83.6%, mainly on 
account of improvement in offshore utilization. Onsite, offshore effort mix improved by 190 
bps to 26.1%, the lowest ever. RPP also improved both YoY and on sequential basis.  
Client metrics remained strong. We added 96 clients during the quarter while the number of 
$100 mn+ clients increased by 5 sequentially to reach 30 at the end of Q2. 
Large deal wins in the Q2 was the highest ever, at $3.15 bn. We won 16 large deals in Q2 out 
of which 6 deals were in Financial Services, 3 deals in Retail, 2 deals each in Communication 
and High-Tech and 1 deal each in Energy Utility Resources and Services, Manufacturing and 
others. Region wise, 11 were from America, 4 were from Europe, and 1 from the Rest of the 
World. Share of new deals was 86%.  

 
7 
 
Voluntary attrition for IT services declined to 7.8% and significantly lower than our comfort 
band of 14% to 15%. Recognizing the stellar efforts of our employees, which have been the 
key reason for our strong performance in last six months, we have decided to effect salary 
increase across all level effective January 1, 2021. We are paying 100% variable pay for Q2 
along with a special incentive, which will be paid to employees in lower levels. 
Recently the US Department of Labor and Homeland Security issued two separate rules, 
restricting the H1-B Visa program on both scrutinizing qualifications and mandating 
significantly higher wages. However, our dedicated focus over the past three years on a local 
American workforce and our technology and innovation hubs across the US, give us the 
ability to navigate across this new regulatory terrain. 
Moving to business segments:  
Financial Services saw continued improvement in performance both on YoY and sequential 
basis. The uptick in business has been in areas that banks are investing in significantly post 
COVID such as mortgage servicing, call center technology and operations, lending services 
to cater to various government relief programs as well as pickup of large digital 
transformation programs. We have signed 6 large deals in this segment in the last quarter 
including the Vanguard deal. This should propel revenue growth for Financial Services in the 
coming quarters. 
Finacle, our award-winning banking platform has received multiple industry recognitions 
during the quarter and we are seeing a lot of traction as banks across the world embark on 
their digital transformation.  
We have also started seeing some momentum back in retail with increased volumes in Q2 
and ramp up of earlier deal wins. We however remain cautious on this segment given the 
continuing demand and liquidity issues and possibly increased furloughs in the coming 
months. 
Performance in Communication segment remained weak given pressure on spending, 
especially in media, entertainment, advertising and OEM segments. We continue to have a 
strong pipeline of deals in these segments and have won two large deals in the last quarter 
which should help in stabilizing the performance for this segment. 

 
8 
 
Energy, Utility, Resources and Services vertical is also under pressure due to constraint 
spending in the Oil and Gas, Travel and Hospitality and Resources sectors. However, the 
current volatility is presenting significant opportunities for cost take out and we continue to 
build a strong pipeline. 
Manufacturing segment was stable during the quarter, which is a massive improvement from 
the sequential decline in Q1. While there are disruptions across sub-segments, we are seeing 
opening of pockets, although the pace of recovery may remain sluggish. Cost take out is a 
major focus for our clients across sectors. We expect gradual improvement in this segment 
with recovery in volumes and robust new account openings. The deal pipeline remains at a 
healthy level and makes us hopeful of the future prospects. 
Our Digital portfolio is growing strong at over 25% YoY in constant currency and now 
constitutes 47.3% of overall revenues. In the last quarter, we have been rated as leader in 11 
services related capabilities across digital pentagon areas by industry analysts. 
Lastly, my heartfelt condolences to the families of five of our colleagues whom we lost due 
to the pandemic. We stand together and are extending all possible supports to their families 
during these trying times. 
With that, I will hand over to Nilanjan. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks Pravin. Hope all of you are well and safe with your families and loved ones. 
On the back of a strong Q1, Q2 continues to show improving performance with our 
unwavering focus on client relevance, operational excellence, cost and liquidity management.  
Revenues for the quarter grew 4% sequentially in constant currency. This translates to 2.2% 
growth YoY and 1.9% for H1 YoY in constant currency. 
Operating margins expanded by 270 basis points sequentially to 25.4%. The sequential 
improvement in margins was led by:  
• 
100 basis points improvement due to increase in RPP,  

 
9 
 
• 
80 bps due to 2.4% increase in utilization, and  
• 
80 bps due to a 1.9% improvement in onsite and offshore mix, partly due to the temporary 
travel restrictions.  
Benefits from reduction from SG&A and other expenses were offset by increase in 
depreciation and amortization and cross currency headwinds. 
Improved Q2 margin performance has consequently led to H1 operating margins at 24.1%, 
higher than the 21% to 23% band and 3% higher compared to 21.1% reported for the 
comparative prior period. 
As some of the margin improvement had risen from the cost deferrals etc., we expect some of 
these benefits to shrink in H2, as we roll out promotions and salary hikes for employees, 
commence hiring across the organization, with higher travel and overhead costs. All this will 
consequently impact H2 margins. 
Q2 EPS grew by 14.9% in dollar terms and by 20.8% in INR on a YoY basis. H1 EPS grew 
by 9.5% in dollar terms and 17.1% in INR on a YoY basis.  
Collections remained robust with DSO reducing by 2 days to 69. The increase in capex spend 
during the quarter was mainly towards technological enablement of our employees. FCF for 
Q2 was a healthy $674 mn, which is a growth of 70% YoY and a 59% in H1 growth YoY. 
Free cash flow as a percentage of net profit was 103% for Q2 and 116% for H1.  
Return on equity increased to 26.7% compared to 25.1% in the prior year.  
We continue to maintain a very strong, debt free and liquid balance sheet. Cash and 
investments at the end of Q2 were $4.55 bn. Yield on cash balance improved to 6.33% in Q2 
compared to 6.11% in the previous quarter. Q2 marked the 21st consecutive quarter of 
positive forex income despite significant currency volatility across the globe.  
Consistent with the improved cash flow and our capital allocation policy, the Board has 
declared an interim dividend of Rs.12 which is a 50% growth over the interim dividend per 
share of FY2020. 

 
10 
 
Based on the strong performance in H1, we are increasing our guidance on revenue for FY21 
to 2%-3% in constant currency terms from the previously announced 0%-2%. We are also 
increasing the margin guidance for this year from 21% -23% to 23%-24%. 
With that we can open the call for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
Just two clarifications if I may? Firstly, while you have upgraded guidance, the second half 
implied guidance does not look that strong – largely in-line with the seasonality despite such 
strong deal wins and there is a little bit contribution hopefully from the acquisitions as well. 
So, are you expecting some decline in certain verticals going forward? Secondly, on the cost 
front Nilanjan, employee cost is down QoQ. This is despite the bonus and special incentives. 
So, is that largely the offshore mix? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start with the first one. For Q3 and Q4, we see steadily improving QoQ activity in 
different industries. For example, High-Tech is looking strong, as Pravin mentioned, Life 
Sciences is good, Financial Services is stable, Retail also is now starting to see some 
progress. However, there are furlough impact in Q3 normally and traditionally, Q4 has 
always been a soft quarter for Infosys. So, we do not see anything negative in the outlook and 
in fact, we have raised our guidance keeping in mind the strong demand that we see and a 
good conversion of large deals that we have in place. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yogesh, if you see from a net headcount perspective, we only added about 1000 people. So 
this was less than 0.5%, so there was not much of a headcount change. But in absolute terms, 

 
11 
 
you are right, the onsite and offshore mix has helped the overall employee cost to come 
down. But like I said, this is temporary due to the travel restrictions imposed. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a great quarter. I had two questions, one is on 
the deals that we have won so far. Excluding Vanguard what is the nature of services that you 
are largely seeing within these deals? Are you seeing a lot more app modernization, cloud 
migration? The second is, how are clients funding these spends? You did mention that this 
time, we had a one-time offshore shift because of travel restrictions, do you see clients 
funding incremental spends through higher offshore shifts going forward? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
The types of things we are seeing in our deal pipeline and what we have closed are essentially 
are in three areas: 
• One is an area which is on everything related to digital transformation, for which a large 
part is cloud, and the area around cloud migration, cloud deployment, building cloud first 
applications, rolling out SaaS, working in public and hybrid cloud, private cloud 
environments.  
• The second relates to efficiency which is focused on automation, cost efficiency and how 
the IT estate can essentially be modernized and made to be more efficient for our clients. 
• And the third, we are seeing some in the pipeline, which is on vendor consolidation, 
where the benefits we will see over the next few quarters in terms of conversions, but we 
have discussions in those areas where we see some traction. 
In terms of how the client is funding it, the main thesis as you alluded is taking cost out of 
existing estate through automation or the means and funding programs which give growth 
differentiation, access and experience for our clients for their work going forward. Part of it 

 
12 
 
will be the next in offshore, because clearly these last few months has also demonstrated what 
could be done in an offshore environment. But, despite all of that, we still see that there will 
be both volume growth and revenue growth, which is within our pipeline. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
So, I think on the offshore perspective, if I got it right, you were suggesting that so far the 
offshore shift is travel restriction based, but there could be future offshore shifts based on the 
experience that we have seen so far. Is that the right takeaway? 
Salil Parekh 
The onsite - offshore mix ratio is difficult to forecast in that sense. Once the travel restrictions 
become less, there will probably be more work onsite. Equally structurally, there is now more 
understanding of what are the possibilities on offshore. So those are both countervailing in 
the sense of how they will play out. And the timing also will not be clear – which one will 
happen first and at what speed, but both of those are relevant points as we look ahead into the 
mix. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 
Moshe Katri 
Thank you very much, and congratulations for the team. Two questions here. One, given the 
fact that the M&A pace is accelerating, is there a way to quantify the expected contributions 
from M&A to your guidance for FY21 in terms of growth? Then just as a follow-up, did you 
just say that the renewal rates for bookings was 14% for the quarter, which is actually good in 
terms of incremental new business. Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On the second one, Pravin will comment on the net new and the renewal.  

 
13 
 
On the first, there were three M&A transactions we did over the last three months. I do not 
know if there will be an acceleration. We have a good pipeline of deals. We have not 
quantified in our business model, the percentage that will come in that sense from M&As. 
We do not have a targeted percentage from M&A. What we do have is a fairly clear view of 
areas- we did something in Salesforce, in Adobe; we did something in Product Design, we 
have done something in ServiceNow. So those are specific areas where we see tremendous 
growth and a good organic business within the company. So that should be the way we play. 
In terms of this year specifically, we do not have a target that how much will come from 
M&A. 
Pravin Rao 
You are right. The net new in the total large deal TCVs is 86% and obviously these numbers 
do vary QoQ, depending on the nature of deal. There are times when lot of renewals come in 
a particular quarter. But, this is obviously a very positive thing, higher net new is definitely 
good news. 
Moshe Katri 
When you look at your bid and proposal pipeline for the next 6 to 12 months, would you say 
that the mix is different in terms of renewals versus new deals? Is there anything different in 
terms of the historical mixes? 
Pravin Rao 
It is a combination, right? We have got a healthy mix of both renewals, as well as net new in 
the mix. It is difficult to predict the timelines when these deals will get closure. So that will 
probably have a bearing in terms of the percentage of net new. Probably, if you look at 
historical trend, may be the percentage of net new in this pipeline is probably on the higher 
side. At this stage, I can't really quantify how much higher it is, but it is definitely on the 
higher side. 
Moderator 

 
14 
 
The next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Please go 
ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
I had a couple of questions. First if, could you clarify, when you talked about in the press 
release the TCV that was booked in the quarter $3.15 bn, what was the growth rate of that 
YoY, is my first question? The second question- is there a limit that you see for offshore 
work? I know you said there was tension on some forces at work that would suggest more 
onshore work, but there are cost advantage of offshore work – in quarter 2 it was 73.9%. Is 
there a limit on how high you think that percent could go, any natural barriers to that moving 
higher, which is a significant enhancement of margin? Third question, could you tell us how 
many of your employees are currently using visas in the U.S.? Thank you very much. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for that question. I will go with the second one and then Pravin can jump in with the 
answers on the other two.  
In terms of the offshore percent, is there a natural limit? I think there is certainly an ability for 
more work to be done offshore. There are different things that have opened up as we’ve all 
learnt, both the clients and us through the course of the last six months. So, I don’t see that 
there is some sort of a ceiling there. 
What is also critical is, as we see more and more work going on, relating to experience and 
how design is working through some of our digital studios, we see some of that work also 
expanding and that work has benefits from having some proximity and it can also be done 
from an offshore perspective. 
So specifically, we do not see any sense of ceiling to the offshore work, but it is a function of 
how that starts to get carved out in different discussions and what the client approach is as 
that moves on.  
Nilanjan Roy 

 
15 
 
So, we did last year $2.8 bn in Q2, this year $3.1bn in Q2, but the big difference is, last year 
we had only 11% of net new in the figure. We are now at 86%. So, the quality of the order 
book has dramatically improved. 
Pravin Rao  
What was the third question? 
Keith Bachman 
Number of visas currently at use of your employee base in the U.S. either net new or 
renewals, just the current number of employees out of your employee base that are subject to 
visas in the U.S? 
Nilanjan Roy 
As we mentioned, what we call visa dependent employees in the U.S., currently we are at 
about 37%. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Agarwal from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Agarwal 
Thanks for the opportunity, and first of all, congrats on excellent execution and excellent 
numbers. I also wish all Infoscions good health. A very good gesture by management of 
rewarding employee’s in-line with world-class technology companies like Amazon. I have 
just two questions. One is, the leakage on core has still been quite high in the current quarter 
also, and all our strong growth and good work on digital is hurt because of that. So, when do 
you think this will probably stabilize or do you think it will continue for long in the same 
way? The reason I am asking this question is because our small competitors like EPAM and 
others in other geographies, they are growing at the same percentage at a much lower base, 
but they have this advantage of the core not hurting them. So that is question number one.  

 
16 
 
Question number two, do you think this pandemic has put cloud on a faster acceleration than 
even digital and we will see those benefits going forward? Also, if you can answer on the 
attrition, what is your understanding on the attrition level going forward, are you okay with 
7.5% kind of ratio or do you think it will shoot up to low-double digit? Thanks a lot.  
Salil Parekh 
I will answer the second one on digital and cloud and on the first and the third question 
Pravin will come back. The way we are seeing, overall digital growth continues to be robust 
at 25%. I think you are right, we see our clients are adopting cloud at a faster pace. In keeping 
with some of that and our own capabilities, we launched our own cloud set of assets under the 
name of Infosys Cobalt. We see a tremendous traction on the cloud side and we see it in quite 
good shape in many places and some of the acquisitions we are doing are also further 
strengthening already where we are good and where we can expand faster. So cloud is 
definitely something that's working well. We believe obviously, it will work for the next 
several years.  
Pravin Rao 
Today when we look at what is happening, clients are investing in technology to deal with the 
pandemic, building resiliencies, fixing supply chain issues and so on. We are seeing 
tremendous uptick in digital transformation of workplace, which started about couple of years 
back and this pandemic has only accelerated it, as every client is looking at how to become 
resilient in the post COVID world. Obviously, the IT spend is not increasing, so they are 
really funding this digital transformation initiatives by taking costs out from the core through 
automation and other means. So that is one aspect of it. 
Secondly in general, I think the IT spend is always a percentage of overall revenues and more 
often it remains the same steady percentage. People are able to fund some of the discretionary 
spend or digital spend by repurposing – by taking away from core. So, as your digital share 
increases, you will always see the core shrinking because we are talking about the same pie. 
As long as you are seeing overall growth which is positive for us and in fact wherever we are 
seeing some of our core shrinking, we also have a play because part of the core shrinking is 
also because we are proactively taking ideas to customer, taking costs out and other things. 

 
17 
 
In many of the large deal wins, in fact almost every large deal that we win, has some element 
of modernization of legacy. So that means that part of the core gets modernized and now that 
gets counted under digital. So the way to look at it is you have a pie of IT spend and within 
the IT spend clients actually mix between core and they will invest some in core but they will 
also look at how to optimize core, so that they can fund some of the newer technologies and 
some of the discretionary spends that they need, to stay competitive. 
As long as we continue to grow and we continue to have a role to play both in terms of core 
as well as in the digital spend then, we view it as a very positive thing.  
Now on the attrition, the attrition that we have today is one of the lowest we have seen in the 
history of Infosys. It is a combination of two things; one, the combination of the market and 
how we have reacted to the pandemic. It is also about the focus that we have put in terms of 
employee welfare, lot of engagements with the employees in the virtual world. We also 
recognized that employees have been under stress. So, there is a lot of focus on both physical 
and mental wellness and so on. 
We have launched more than 200 interventions, involving families, and we also supported 
them a lot during the pandemic particularly in cases where employees have tested positive 
and so on. So, it is a combination, employees are really appreciative of how the company has 
gone beyond in terms of enabling them to work-from-home as well as dealing with the 
current crisis. But the reality is, once the market opens up there will be some amount of 
attrition going up because there will definitely be a war for talent. Our sense is, over a period 
of time it will probably go back to maybe a low double digit as we talked about, which has 
always been our comfort zone over the years. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen and Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 
Thank you. I wanted to ask first on margin sustainability. So, I understand that you have 
some benefits that dissipate in the second half, but based on how you are delivering projects 

 
18 
 
today, and how clients have become more accepting of virtual delivery, how should we think 
about the sustainability of some of the cost factors here as operations normalize? Is there any 
ability to give us a sense on how much of the mix of the margin expansion you have shown is 
lasting versus short-term? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Like I mentioned in my speech, that we have seen this benefit on account of three levers 
which kick started at the beginning of the year. First was the cost deferrals which we talked 
about in terms of promotions, the wage hikes, the recruitment fees which we had 
implemented at the beginning of the first quarter and we clearly see that coming back and this 
will start impacting the margins. It has helped us in the first half, but it will start impacting 
the margins – we have talked about that from January 1, 2021 we will rollout wage hike 
across all levels. We have also mentioned that the promotions which had been limited largely 
to the junior level employee will now be across. So, we will see headwind from that. 
Second is we had cut discretionary expenditure like travel, as you can see that in our results, 
of course travel has come down dramatically, some of the more discretionary expenditures 
like brand building etc., also were cut back. We will see some of that going up as well. 
Third, is the strategic cost levers, which for us is the most important. This is an ongoing 
program which we have around the offshore onsite mix. We have seen some benefits of that 
temporarily and as Salil had mentioned in an earlier question, we will see some timing issues 
of that as travel returns, but strategically we have seen that coming down over a period of 
time and our intent remains to continue to see that onsite-offshore mix changing. 
For the pyramid, we have done a lot of work around broad basing the pyramid offshore and 
are now looking at that in the onsite as well. The hub strategy helps us inculcating freshers 
from community colleges, etc., and the onsite pyramid as well. 
Automation remains at the heart. We continue to get more and more productive and efficient 
for our clients. Some of that is passed back to our clients as discounts and improved 
productivity and part of that goes to margin improvement strategically. So, these are the 
different strategic levers. 

 
19 
 
As we have talked about the three-pronged approach, we will see some of this come back but 
it is premature to say that how much of this is sustainable. Work-from-home is very 
premature as of now in terms of what does it do for facilities or travel, but we think that some 
of this will come back and if we move to a hybrid model, it remains to be seen, how much of 
that benefits we can keep. We will have to invest more in technology, in communication, in 
security. So, there may be some balancing there as well, so it is a bit premature to talk about 
that. 
Bryan Bergin 
Just to clarify, so that last bucket or that last prong around strategic levers, how much was the 
benefit YoY in margin from some of those operational actions? 
Nilanjan Roy 
I do not think we have given this number out before but I can tell you the year before that in 
FY20, we had set a target of $150 mn of savings and we had overachieved against that 
number. 
Bryan Bergin 
Two quick housekeeping ones I may have missed here. Did you say how much the Vanguard 
deal was within the $3.15 bn of signings? And how much is the inorganic included in your 
updated FY2021 revenue growth outlook? 
Nilanjan Roy 
We have not and we do not mention the deal sizes. In terms of our inorganic growth, it is a 
very, very small portion. Many of them have just kicked off in terms of the signing 
implementation. So that impact is going to be very marginal for the rest of the year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 

 
20 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations to the management team on a fantastic 
quarter. My question is also on profitability. Now, I understand that certain cost deferrals 
have led to an increase in the margin band this year. But at the end of day for Infosys, the 
margin band has kept on, bouncing around quite a bit in the last three to four years. Now, 
many of the companies work with a certain aspirational margin band. So, how should really 
one think about, the current year’s margin band increase? Should one assume that this is the 
more sustainable band going forward? Or, any thoughts on this would be welcome. 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think we have been very focused over the last two years in the margin guidance band of 
21% to 23% because the year prior to that when we rolled out the new strategy, this was 
about making the investments in the hubs, in the sales force side and clearly that had an 
impact on margin. So, we have been very conscious that we need to get the stability in 
margin, which is why 21% to 23% margin guidance was given in the prior two years. For us 
the most critical part is to continue to show stability rather than what exactly what you 
mentioned was much more volatile. Clearly, this is an exceptional year in more ways than 
one with so many moving parts and variable elements. Many of these, like I said, will not be 
sustainable. They are, one-timers in terms of deferrals. So, things will come back to normal, 
but for us, we are confident that our strategic levers will continue to help us making sure that 
we continue to stay in a steady and stabilized margin environment. Of course, our aspiration 
is to always improve margins, but in no way can we take the 23% to 24% as something which 
you can model and go ahead from. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Sorry, did you say that 23% to 24% is a sustainable margin band? 
Nilanjan Roy 
I said there is no way you can take 23% to 24% as a sustainable number going forward. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 

 
21 
 
That absolutely helps. The second thing is I was surprised with the increase in RPP. I thought 
that we are living in recession. The increase in RPP is a remarkable achievement, is that 
largely operations led? Do a cost takeout a figure in client discussions quite a lot? And if yes, 
when does the impact of that really come in into RPP going forward? 
Nilanjan Roy 
This is the first one quickly on RPP, the 100 bps is a combination of multiple factors. One is, 
of course, a day's impact during this quarter. We have seen some improvement in 
productivity as well through our automation. So, these are the two large ones, and slightly 
more moderated discount environment. But like I said, discounts always are not secular, so 
you can always see these ups and downs as well. These are the three carve outs within that 
100 bps. Salil, you can take the other one. 
Salil Parekh 
The point on the cost discounts versus RPP with client discussions, as Nilanjan was sharing, 
the environment in Q2 especially has been quite stable vis-à-vis discounts. What I mean is 
not anything unusual, it has been a small number anecdotal and so we feel quite comfortable 
at this stage and there is none of that large sort of thing coming in into the RPP. But as 
Nilanjan explained, there were some specific reasons, we are also quite focused on RPP. We 
will make sure over time, we find a sustained method of doing it should we watch and see 
how that goes over the next few quarters. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a blowout quarter this quarter. I think most of 
my questions have been discussed. So let me focus on another topic here, which is your 
headcount. Nilanjan earlier pointed out that this quarter, we have seen a fairly muted 
headcount addition. How do you see this in the rest of the year? That is the first part of my 
question and secondly, I appreciate that you said that, there are some strategic cost levers and 

 
22 
 
there are some that you cannot predict given the fluidity of the situation. I heard you quote a 
$50 mn target that you were looking at for your strategic cost initiative savings. How has that 
trended so far? What is that target? Could you quantify that please? 
Pravin Rao 
On the headcount, the headcount increase will be in line with the growth. This quarter, we 
had 5,500 additions, about 3,000 were freshers both in India and abroad, and about 2,500 
laterals. Our utilization, if you recall, was much lower in Q1 and it has improved significantly 
but the number of hiring was on the lower side this quarter. So hiring in subsequent Q3, Q4 
will obviously be dependent on the growth. In terms of freshers in India, this year, we expect 
to onboard about 16,500 people and next year we are planning to add another 15,000 people. 
This is mainly freshers in India. 
Nilanjan Roy 
I will finish the cost optimization part. We planned for $150 mn, we have exceeded that. We 
are well on the way of doing similar numbers this year, well above $150 mn, but like I said 
lot of this then gets compensated by price and wage hikes etc. So, it is not that all these 
money flows into the bank. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Salil, back to the digital growth numbers that we have seen, we have seen a fairly steady 25% 
kind of growth number on the digital side. Given that this is definitely a scenario where we 
are looking at possible acceleration in digital spends overall, how do you see the scope for 
this number accelerating in the next 12-24 months? 
Salil Parekh 
Diviya, if you look in the previous financial year, we had growth numbers around 30%-35% 
in one of the quarters and even higher in some other. But there are two factors, one, our size 
of the digital also is quite large, so it is pretty close to half of our company today. That is 
practically an over $6 bn business growing at 25%, which is quite remarkable. So, that has its 
own sets of constraints especially in services type of companies and second is the underlying 

 
23 
 
secular trend. Today as we were discussing earlier, the cloud part of digital is on a terrific 
growth path in terms of the market, in terms of what clients are doing, in terms of what large 
partners are doing. And then there are other areas for example, on data, on experience which 
are having good traction. So, we will obviously try to drive that faster still, but we also have a 
large size, so we have to find a way to keep it at this level as well. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Sorry, if I might just sneak in one last question, you did talk about how legacy is likely to 
kind of be taken out, the core gets modernized and therefore that trend of negative 
momentum that we have seen could continue. But we have seen in the last two quarters, the 
pace of core decline accelerate. Do you expect that will stabilize and go back to where it was 
pre-COVID as customers start to stabilize? 
Pravin Rao 
Okay, I can take a shot at this, Salil, you can add. My one sense is, given the nature of the 
pandemic and how clients are reacting to it, you will see a lot more of spend on technology. 
And clients also realize that for them to implement and take advantage of technology, their 
legacy has to be modern, it has to be agile. Otherwise, it is tough to get the benefit and to 
drive any innovations in their own organization. So at least I do expect the pace of 
modernization of legacy to continue much more aggressively than what we have seen in the 
past. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you and congratulations. Indeed an exceptional performance all around. Just the first 
question, Salil, a very strong performance both on revenues and deal wins. If you could just 
unpack this a bit more, how much of this is a reflection of the overall demand environment 
versus your ability to gain share in the new state of play and what is helping you do that? 

 
24 
 
Salil Parekh 
The way we see it is, we have had YoY revenue growth. Some of our large peers have had 
YoY  declines. We definitely see market share gain going on in that play. A part of it is, some 
of the strategic choices we made and investments we made over the past several years, for 
example, scaling up digital, working in a very focused way on looking at large deals, looking 
at what we are doing including what Pravin was describing earlier on localization, an extreme 
focus on reskilling that we have put into place and our own internal digital infrastructure, 
which has helped us. 
We are completely digital from the inside and also have scaled the work-from-home very 
rapidly in this COVID landscape, which has given increased trust to our clients. Part of it is I 
think, has been with the demand environment itself in a good shape, specifically for these 
sorts of activities where the investments have come. Of course, there is a lot of it in our 
business, as you know well, is the steady execution, a continuous sort of traction to that. So, I 
think those are the combination of things which are sustaining us so far and hopefully we 
keep at the execution and that sustains further. 
Ankur Rudra 
Just a follow up to that, you know, I think this was asked before, but maybe you can unpack 
this a bit more, your implied guidance for the second half, it appears to be slightly at odds to 
the strength we have seen so far in the first half including the current momentum of the deals 
won. Is this due to some planned offshore shift or conservatism on the outlook based on 
something you are seeing out there and building in? 
Salil Parekh 
Today, one person’s conservatism is another person’s aggression. We see a very good 
guidance increase on revenue. There is furlough effect in Q3 and as you know in Q4 Infosys 
historically had a fairly muted quarter. There are no specific constraints from which we 
model it. We generally model it from the view of what we have seen as the past – view of the 
business plus the current deals that we have closed and the pipelines that we are seeing. We 
are seeing good traction all around as we have described. It is a big change from 0% to 2% to 

 
25 
 
2% to 3% - we have moved the bottom by 2 percent points, so it is a quite big change in 
terms of revenue growth guidance. 
Ankur Rudra 
Just lastly, the pandemic is clearly giving you a significant margin tailwind. Is it time to think 
about this strategically? Will you, for example, think about this to enter market spaces in 
situations that you otherwise wouldn't participate to try and expand your addressable market 
if this tailwind sustains? 
Salil Parekh 
Without knowing specifically which addressable market you are thinking of, the general 
answer would be yes. There are markets which we would love to be in, however, what we see 
today is the ones we have defined have got a nice traction in them and we can deepen our 
presence in those quite well. Given our operating model, we can build a good business in 
them at our margin structure for the future. But generally we would look at other market as 
well. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Salil, first a clarification, did I hear you right when you said that the vendor consolidation is 
still something that you are in talks with the clients and we have not yet seen a major deal or 
a relationship conversion so far, is that the right way to understand that? 
Salil Parekh 
On vendor consolidation there is discussion, it is in our pipeline. We have seen few small 
things moving. My sense is those things will play out over multiple quarters, because this is a 
business which has an inherent stickiness. But there is a big change in perceptions in this 
COVID time, in work-from-home, delivery quality, impact, stability of company and so on. 

 
26 
 
So my sense is many of those will play out over time when we have seen some early benefit 
of it, but not a material benefit. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Second what kind of macro environment are you building in, in your guidance given that the 
band also has now reduced, so have you factored in any potential second wave of pandemic 
coming in the end user markets or do you think that this is something which could be over 
and above to what your estimates are? 
Salil Parekh 
Today, we have considered a scenario which is based on how we have seen the trajectory 
move in the global economy in Q1 and Q2. If we see something dramatic in terms of second 
wave, in terms of COVID that is not something that we have put into our model. We do not 
anticipate it, of course it is a possibility no one quite knows what that scenario could be. But 
we generally modeled it on how we have seen this Q1 and Q2 evolve and that is how we 
move to the next couple of quarters for this financial year. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
On the order book, if I take out the Vanguard deal, how does the order book composition 
look like – is it dominated by the smaller sized deals or besides Vanguard also there are fairly 
large deals dominating it? 
Salil Parekh 
We are not decoupling large deals number there as you know. What I can say is generally 
speaking, within large deal wins in the last few quarters plus the pipeline, we have a decent 
size of mega deals. There aren’t obviously loads of them, but there is a decent number of 
them and there is a decent number of other sizes as well there. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Is it possible to understand how the new versus renewal ratio would be, if we exclude 
Vanguard, will that be similar to our historical run rate? 

 
27 
 
Salil Parekh 
If you look, let us say, 12 months ago or 24 months ago, the net new number percent we see 
in this quarter is good for sure. In general, in the pipeline it seems to be a little bit higher than 
that percentage. So decoupling the Q2 number- that would not be the way to look at it as we 
look ahead. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you everyone for joining this session. We are really excited with the way this quarter 
has played out. The commitment of our employees has been incredible. It has been the most 
critical element in serving our clients. And you can see from our actions, we really make sure 
we addressed that absolutely fully. We are delighted with the growth we have seen overall 
and in digital and with the margin profile of our business. And that has really given us the 
confidence to increase both the revenue and the margin guidance. Thank you all for joining in 
the call. Take care. Stay safe.  
Moderator 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of 
Infosys that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
