 
 
 
 
 
BOMBAY STOCK EXCHANGE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF 
LIMITED 
INDIA LIMITED 
PHIROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS 
“EXCHANGE PLAZA” 
DALAL STREET 
BANDRA KURLA COMPLEX 
MUMBAI – 400001 
BANDRA (E) 
  
MUMBAI - 400051 
  
  
Scrip Code: 522074 
Scrip Code: ELGIEQUIP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DATE : 11-NOV-2020 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Sub: Intimation of transcript of the Investors conference call held on 09/11/2020 under 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015. 
 
In accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),  
Regulations, 2015, please find below the transcript of the Analysts and Investors  
conference call held on 09th November, 2020 at 04.30 PM IST. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“ELGi Equipments Limited Q2 FY-21 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIRAM VARADRAJ – ELGI EQUIPMENTS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KAMLESH KOTAK – AMSEC 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome toELGi Equipments Limited2Q FY21 Post 
Results Conference Call hosted by Asian Markets Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be the listen-only mode,there will be the opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on their touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now had the conference over to Mr. Kamlesh Kotak, 
from Asian MarketsSecurities. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
Kamlesh Kotak: 
Thanks Janvi. Good day everyone,on behalf of Asian Markets, we welcome you all to the 2Q 
and 1H FY21 earnings conference call of ELGi Equipments Limited. We have with us today. 
Mr.Jairam Varadraj, Managing Director representing the company. I will request Mr. Jairam, 
to take us through an overview of the quarterly and the half yearly result. And then we shall 
begin the Q&A session. Over to you sir, thank you. 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Thank you Kamlesh. Good evening ladies and gentlemen thank you for your time. This 
evening, I will as we normally do, I’ll take you through the quarter results for the current year, 
in comparison to the quarter results for the previous year. I will first talk about the financial 
numbers and then I will go into general business perspective. And then we will open it up for 
Q&Aand then we present what the outlook are. 
So if you look at our financial numbers, our sales have been higher than the previous year, 
second quarter by almost 10%, or roughly about +8%.Bulk of the sales increase has been the 
shift in the geography. International rest of the world revenue has moved from 45% last year to 
about 57% in the current quarter, in the current year’s quarter. And if you really look at the 
international business bulk of the growth has come from Europe, which is an initiative that we 
started a year ago, where we have created an organic growth model, we built the team there. 
And that is beginning to show some results,in US which is also been an initiative for us is also 
delivered well, Australia which is also an initiative has also been and of course we had during 
this year, we have the contribution of revenue from Michigan, which was an acquisition that 
we did in the last quarter of the previous year. So that’s really the story and on sale.  
If you look at our EBITDA that it should have been, EBITDA should have been 575 on the 
basis of constant contribution as per the previous year, actually EBITDA was 642 on a positive 
sense, so bulk of the increase in EBITDA has been coming besides our reduction in material 
cost. We’ve also have a significant reduction in other fixed costs, which is travel, 
communication, rentals and all that, to the extent of about 95 million. We had an increase in 
people cost that is primarily because of the increase in cost in Europe and the cost brought in 
through Michigan. So in an organic sense has been reduction in people cost or at least 
flatlining of people cost compared to last year. So other fixed costs, it has been lower than 
previous year like I said, this is really the contributing factors to a pretty good set of EBITDA 
numbers. Debt has significantly come down from 2600 million or 260 crores it’s down to 150, 
close working capital reduction of 625 million, 62 or 63 crore. So that’s been a very strong 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
performance by the team so that’s very good.So that’s really the summary of our 
financialnumbers.  
From a business point of view, if I start again, from Australia, Australia did very 
well,significantly better than the previous year. Southeast Asia was kind of muted, had some 
challenge, COVID challenges both in Indonesia and Thailand. But they have done well,but 
compared to the other regions, it’s a little muted. India, first quarter was April was a washout, 
May was a partial washout, and we started seeing a recovery, but it has been surprisingly good 
quarter for us in India, across all sectors, across all product vertical. So, this has been a bit of a 
surprise for us. Economic activity in India is happening, maybe not the large projects, but the 
compressors that we sell a bulk of it goes to a they are not big capital equipment, they are 
balancing capital equipment. So from that point of view, we have been seeing a very solid 
recovery in India. And we expect that to continue, but very difficult for us to say with clarity, 
whether there will be continued growth in the trajectory that we have created, primarily 
because the Diwali season is coming, people are out there, we don’t know what will be the 
infection rates, whether there will be a second wave like it is happening in Europe, and 
whether the government will resort to certain strong measures so, we have to wait and see. But 
as of now, the business outlook in India is good.  
Gulf has been a bit of a,it’s not delivered to what it promised. It’s slightly better than previous 
year, but nowhere near what you’re supposed to be doing. Europe like I said the initiatives are 
beginning to pay off. All the businesses are growing there, so which is a positive thing. US 
also, all the businesses have grown, have done better than the previous year. So we expect that 
Europe and US if external factors are not disrupted, we will continue to see some positive 
continuation of this positive outcome. Now, the subsidy that we received from Australia and 
the US was significantly high in the first quarter, substantially lower in the second quarter. We 
won’t see any of this subsidy in the third and fourth quarter unless the US government brings 
in another set of initiatives, interventions in the economy. We don’t know nothing clear about 
that there is a lot of conversation about significant intervention, but we’ll have to wait and see 
where the change in the presidency and all that how that works out, we’ll have to wait and see.  
So, this is really the business side. As far as the outlook is concerned, like I said, on sales, we 
see some marginal growth in the third quarter and the fourth quarter compared to the second 
quarter. Material cost very surprisingly, has started becoming a challenge. I don’t know 
whether it is average, pricing, Steel prices for instance have gone up by 10% to 15%. And the 
automotive demand is probably causing it and a lot of the Steel companies, factories were shut 
down in the early part of the year, hopefully, they will open up when supplies situation will 
improve and prices will stabilize. Almost all of our vendors are asking for price cut,so there is 
going to be a pricing pressure, we have working towards ensuring that we maintain our 
contribution over material costs but it’s going to be a challenge. As far as people cost are 
concerned, we expect it to be at the same levels for the balance of the year. We don’t see any 
need for increase,in fact there could be some reduction but we don’t want to put anything there 
yet.  

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
Other fixed costs as it really depends on the business, the business starts climbing up we 
expect some of these cost to come back up, for instance travel.But there are some fundamental 
changes that we have made like for instance, we decided to shut down all our off branch 
offices and bring working from home as the new normal. So there will be savings in terms of 
our rental. So those kinds of permanent changes that we have made, irrespective of the growth 
in the business, we will continue to have the benefit of that. So it other fixed costs will go up, 
we have, if you look at the levels in Q2, it has been pretty much at the same level as Q1, which 
has been a very good achievement by the team in spite of growth in revenue. But, there could 
be some creeping increases in Q3,Q4, but that will be more than compensated by the additional 
growth in revenue. So this is really the summary of our business and the outlook that we have. 
So, I will stop here and then I will wait for your questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Mr. Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Sir my first question is, with respect to the compressor segment resulting a LDE 12% growth. 
How much do you think this magnitude of growth can be sustained going forward also, and 
from which sectors have you seen growth in the compressor segment?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
Like I said Ravi, I’m not able to say for sure whether the growth trajectory can be maintained, 
because there are still so many uncertainties that are there. If those uncertainties are not there, 
we can expect the trajectory to be maintained. But please understand that 12% growth you’re 
talking about from previous year. So that’s possible to do, but you can expect the growth 
trajectory from quarter-to-quarter, because that we started from a very lowQ1. As far as sectors 
are concerned, like I said, we have been quite surprised that the growth has been across all 
side. There is nothing sure certain sectors like pharma, certain sectors like food have 
contributed disproportionately higher, but it doesn’t mean the rest of the sectors have not done 
well they’ve all done, they’ve all contributed to our revenue. I wouldn’t say anything.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And the automotive segment, automotive equipment have seen a decline 24%, 25% decline 
still year-on-year. So can we see a recovery in the second half? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
We have already seen some recovery because this is linked to that is automotive equipment 
business grows with a lag in the growth in the automotive segment. Now of the automotive 
segment had a very bad first quarter they started picking up in the second quarter, we are 
beginning to see some results of that coming into our business. So, we expect it to grow in the 
third and fourth quarter, it’s the automotive, both two wheeler and four wheeler sustain 
themselves.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. And And final question is with respect to the other costs, you had mentioned that 
some of them are structural in the cost savings, as a percentage of revenue as a number 
ofbpswisecan you quantify as to what can be retained by ELGibecause of the cost saving 
initiatives, that we are doing? 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Jairam Varadraj: 
I don’t have the numbers in front of me Ravi. I can’t really give you a specific number.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay, but the roughly 50 bps saving can be there? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Sorry? 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
50 bps saving can be there? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
No, we have the biggest cost and other fixed cost is travel right, travel and communication are 
our biggest cost, those are tied to our business. Now business growth, those numbers have to 
grow because we are going to throttle that, then you’re going to compromise on this. But very 
careful and judicious in terms of permitting like for instance we don’t allow for any travel to 
head office. So we are saying there is no need for people to come to head office. So earlier, 
those things meetings are taking place, those were all things fundamentally we have changed. 
So it’s very difficult to quantify each element by virtue of our new policies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
I have few questions. First is we have seen improvement in the gross margins and in your 
opening remarks, you did caution about increasing steel prices. So would you believe that the 
increase in the margins you have seen on the margin side is where we would have consumed 
lower cost inventory we would have got acquired during the COVID period. And hence, a 
normalized level is what we would have seen maybe last year it comes back to that level? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
I don’t think it is entirely because of low cost inventory, there was no reduction in cost during 
the COVID period. So it was a continuation of the cost,it was our, it was a better the 
contribution margins went up at a gross margin level because of better price realization, there’s 
a geography mix, that is a product mix within the geographies so it is not and certain strategic 
pricing decision. Now, this has nothing to do with our lower material costs during the first 
quarter. So now that we have realized, the better margins and on a material cost is going up, 
now we need to adjust to the extent that it’s possible, we can’t allow the top line to get 
compromised by virtue of significant cost recovery. So we have to be a little judicious, which 
is what we are working on. So whether we’ll be able to sustain to look at it today, we are close 
to about 1.4%,at material cost level we are higher compared to Q2 of last year. Now, our goal 
is to sustain this now will we be able to sustain it,that’s what we’re working on. So it’s not 
because of lower cost. It is because of better realization that we have been with, but the cost 
are growing up we need to see is it possible for us to bump up the pricing or shift in mix to be 
able to recover. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. Second question is what you had highlighted during a call when COVID lockdown has 
just hit that looking for better sweating of the assets where we’re also open to using our 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
foundry for third party projects. Have any progress on that front and how would we see any 
benefit coming on that site?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
We haven’t, we’ve started the progress,we started engaging with customers. We’ve got two, 
three customers with whom we have started pricing dialogues. So but have we got orders–
19:11not yet. So we don’t expect any contribution from the foundaries this financial year, but 
we expect that to happen next financial year.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
And my last question is, if you could give us some highlight in terms of the newer product that 
we had highlighted about the oil free compressors. How are we progressing on that and if you 
could break the answer between domestic and international?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
Well, I don’t want to give specific numbers because it’s very competitive sensitive. I can only 
say our overall oil free portfolio has done exceeding well across the world, both in India as 
well as international market. In international markets, the starting point, starting base was very, 
very low almost zero. So from that point of view, it looks phenomenal but numbers are still, 
when you look at it in absolute numbers, it’s not significant yet.Whereas in India, we have 
really pushed ourselves into the market, the starting numbers are not as low as the 
international. In spite of that, our growth has been very good, very positive and within that oil 
free segment, our new AB series has done exceedingly well. So it’s a very positive move for us 
and part of, when I say product mix, part of which is also because of this. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
I understand. Sir there is one more question if I may, so on a macro basis, we are seeing a lot 
of the companies in the electronics and semiconductor industries looking to set shop in India, 
given the PLI Scheme of the government, so as ELGi what kind of benefit that we would see, 
as some of these companies come and set shop in India? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Our oil free compressors will be a critical requirement for the semiconductor we’re already 
doing, supplying to companies outside the country who are involved in semiconductor 
business. So definitely, that will be an area but we’ll have to wait and see,there was a lot of 
talk about becoming building semiconductor business in India. Many, many years ago nothing 
came out of it. So we will have to wait and see whether this is something that will be per se. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities.Please 
go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir could you give us a sense on share of aftermarket revenues for the second quarter as well as 
the first half of FY21 versus what it was last year. Sir my question was on the aftermarket, 
could you give us a sense on a share of aftermarket revenues in the second quarter, as well as 
for the first half of FY21, and how it would have improved versus last year? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
 I don’t have the numbers in front of me. But, I can give you some anecdotal directional 
answers. When I said the reason why we have improved our gross margin, I said there is a 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
product mix shift. One of the product mix shift is the aftermarket shift. We have done better in 
aftermarket compared to the previous year. In addition, we got better pricing in our aftermarket 
this year compared to the previous year. So both of these are very positive and we continue to 
see that very strong traction, not only in India but in the rest of the world. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sure sir. Sir secondlygoing by the press releases that you have made recently, we have started 
expanding our distribution network at a rapid pace in USA. So could you give us some more 
flavor on the same as to what kind of distribution model we are building there. I reckon most 
of them are joint ventures? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
No, they’re not joint ventures at all. There are, we have four joint ventures and these are areas 
that we strategically pick, our first preference is to bring on board independent distributors and 
if we are unable to and that in strategic geographies of a given country. So if you look at the 
US we have identified the top 20 geographical areas of the US which contribute close to 60%, 
70% of the revenue and in these geographies we have to have distribution at wherever we are 
unable to get independent distributors. For us the last one of the options is to create a joint 
venture which is we have done in four locations. So, the growth in distribution has been 
positive in the US in terms of increase is not as high because they have been in the US for the 
last five, six years there is a certain maturity in the distribution model network and 
incremental, small increases are there,whereas in Europe which is we incubated Europe, one 
and half years ago and we are beginning to see very high traction in terms of number of 
distributors that have come on.  
Harshit Patel: 
Understood sir. And sir if I can squeeze in a one more question, you had earlier indicated that 
you would start production of motors for both USA and Europe market as well. So, the 
validation trials were going on when we had interacted last time. So, sir have we made any 
progress on that front? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
The last time we spoke we said validation was going on in India and that has been completed 
we have started supplying motors to the Indian market on a regular basis.We are unable to 
increase the volume primarily because one critical machine that we had ordered is stuck in 
Germany because of this COVID condition. Once that machine comes in and we don’t know 
when it is going to come and get installed because of all the uncertainties and inspection and 
transport. There will be a significant increase of supplies from that to our Indian requirement. 
So, the motors have been made for you US validation and they will be going out to the US 
market this month. And in the next financial year will pretty much cover all the major 
geographies as far as the motors are concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Jeetu Punjabi from EM Capital Advisors.Please 
go ahead. 
Jeetu Punjabi: 
I wanted to ask a high level question, as you see, I heard you say a lot of permanent changes 
where you said the branch guys are no longer having to come to headquarters and a few other 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
things that you talked about. What are the opportunities that you kind of see coming out of the 
COVID and is there anything disruptive, that could change the trajectory of the business of the 
next year or two?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
There is nothing disruptive in terms of the application of compressed air. I don’t see that any 
change happening there. It is just a matter of how you conduct your business and for us, what 
we are seeing as a result is, what we have been doing the work that we have done over the last 
maybe three, four years which had a significant cost impact during that period is now 
beginning to deliver both top line and bottom line. The cost that we incurred in America two, 
three years ago is now beginning to show results. The cost that we incurred in Europe last year 
is beginning to show results. The cost that we incurred, the investment that we made in 
Australia is beginning to show results. So, it just so happened during the COVID time. Now, if 
the COVID has not happened, maybe the growth would have been even more productive. So 
the fact that we had, we had created a international profile, geographically diversified profile 
of the business is what has really helped us in the last couple of quarters.The fundamental 
deliberate decision of the company and it has been systematically executing on it.  I know that 
in the process there were delays in getting the results but and we did revised some angst in the 
investment community whether we were going in the right direction, but this is, the last two 
quarters are redemption of the direction that we have taken.  
Jeetu Punjabi: 
Fair point, second question is I’m kind of saying if I were to take a base case that you have a 
huge US and European industrial boom pattern. Actually that’s my base case,but something if 
I’m assuming that plays out and it’s more visible from March or June onwards March or June 
21 onwards for the next year or two, that’s kind of supercycle feel that you kind of see what’s 
happening in the developed world and that transmits to Asia and India especially, as you see if 
you see that story play out. You would, in my view would you obviously participate in it and 
see excellent numbers and excellent growth rates play out,would that be a fair way to think 
about it? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Well we are now present in a significant, I wouldn’t say significant in a substantial manner, 
our presence in these critical geographies is strong. Now, if the economic conditions of these 
geographies improved, definitely, there will be a gain for us. But we’ve got to understand we 
are at the bottom of the ocean, right now market share in most cities, very small so it really 
doesn’t matter whether there’s economic growth, it’s like a fish at the bottom of the sea it 
doesn’t worry about the storm at the surface. It will continue to remain and grow and that’s 
where our growth is coming from, mainly the share in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Goyel from Enam Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 
Manish Goyel: 
Sir, would it be possible to share you did mention that Q2 had 57% revenue from international. 
How would that been looked at if you look at the half yearly basis, how the numbers would be 
looking sir? 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Jairam Varadraj: 
In half year our growth has been international has gone from 46 to 57 almost the same. 
Manish Goyel: 
Okay, dissect the numbers a bit, still if I look at India per se, the Y-o-Y revenue decline looks 
to be in Q2 looks to be just 15%, 16% which still is quite decent. So, if you can give us a 
perspective as to within India like how is industry segment or infra related demand, railways, 
waterwell, how is it looking now, how has it been and how do you see it going forward a bit 
flavor on this sir? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Like I said Manish, industrial across sectors on industrial we have grown, all of them have 
contributed, we expected many of the segments to be absolutely zero, zero contributing zero 
contribution to our revenue, to our surprise, even sectors like foundry or which we thought 
textiles, which we thought that we would not going to see any action or any activity, we have 
been able to see activity of course, like I said food and pharma have been much more active 
than the other verticals, but cement has grown, textiles have grown so, there’s been activity 
across the sector. On the infrastructure side, the large projects are continuing to be still very, 
there is no activity large power plants or steel there is nothing there but in the construction side 
primarily on roads and infrastructural construction, we see a lot of growth in equipment 
requirements for that sector. So basically road construction, building construction, that kind of 
stuff.Railway is a function of the budgetary allocation, it continues to remain at the same level 
there is no significant growth there. Whatever is muted, but we have got some significant gains 
in that segment primarily on some of our OEE customers who are exporting their machines to 
various parts of the world. So there we have got some significant gains. So this is pretty much 
aftermarket, like I said is continuing to grow. 
Manish Goyel: 
Sure,okay wonderful sir. And on the exports from the India concern that we are definitely 
seeing very good uptake from our subsidies overseas. But how is like our direct exports doing 
sir or is it that henceforth our subsidiaries will be responsible for the international market and 
direct exports from India may continue to see a decline? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
I don’t see that at all. Direct exports from India are two different like South East Asia it’s 
primarily direct export. To Africa is direct exports, so I don’t see these are markets that will 
continue to be there, I don’t think that that will change. So, I don’t see a big shift from direct 
export to sales, to subsidiary. 
Manish Goyel: 
Okay. So when we refer to our international sales, it includes the direct exports from India as 
well. Okay and sir how is the recovery on the patterns subsidiary sir, last year we did had 
certain more challenges, and we had certain one time in terms of properties. So how has it been 
performing in the current year and are we probably looking to a breakeven or profitable growth 
sir? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
patternofprofitability has significantly improved, growth in revenue has been kind of muted, 
but it’s in the right direction. We are in the middle of making some changes organizationally 
there, which we think is going to further contribute to an improvement,patternmedical and 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
groans both the top line and bottom line were very significantly. Our portable business which 
we took over from a distributor has also grown,so all the businesses there.  
Manish Goyel: 
Okay, very encouraging sir. And on the Europe front, at least looking like as you mentioned in 
your initial remarks that large part or major growth has come from Europe. So, are we then 
kind of looking to further invest in terms of deploying more people on the front end,what are 
we looking at going forward, sir?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
We had made a plan of investing a certain amount of money over a period of three, four years, 
by which time for the third year, we said we will break even and then we will recover our 
money between the fifth and sixth year, that plan has actually continuing but in a more 
favorable manner, because many of the investments in people we have deferred, we have not 
cancelled we have deferred. So as things pick up, we will judiciously keep investing in the 
people that is required to get the business that we have got, grow the business that we have got.  
Manish Goyel: 
Sure sir. And are we like with the second wave creeping in the European market, so off late are 
you seeing some restraint on the sales or still there is no challenges? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
So far we are not seeing anything, lot of countries have learned their lessons about a complete 
lockdown and the impact that it has on the economy. So when Spain went through certain parts 
of Spain went through they did, very localized shutting down rather than shutting down the 
whole country. So we will have to wait and see because this is also an impact that comes from 
the people taking holidays.August was a big holiday month in Europe, everyone went on 
holiday. Now, is this the result of that then because of that and whether it will get back to 
normal, these are all things that are open. So people, governments are not taking extreme steps, 
they can’t afford to take extreme steps like they did in March, April. So they’ve been very 
selective about.  
Manish Goyel: 
And sir last question on the working capital fund it has quite encouraging to see very good 
improvement on reduction in inventories and disabled. So, do we expect further decline, 
absolute decline or like the current levels in terms of working capital days would be new 
normal for us in terms of betterment. So, basically I was also coming to a point in terms of 
with further cash flows improvement can we expect further decline in the debt by year end? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
So in terms of working capital, there is always room for improvement. But, in the last 
six,seven months we have extracted quite a bit of the low hanging fruit. But we expect some 
marginal improvement in age receivables, age inventory, but it’s not going to be as dramatic, 
as we had seen in the first six, seven months.But in terms of our debt level, considering the 
current trajectory of our revenue and profitability, we are very conservatively we believe we 
can reduce debt at the rate of above 5 crore in the second half of the year. So that we are 
reasonably confident, they also expect that like I told you about the mortar plant, there is a 
machine that was ordered that got delayed. There is another machine that we bought, that we 
bought for our rotor production that was partly paid, and it is sitting in Italy. So these are 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
machines that have to be brought in,when things improve and transportation inspection, all that 
happens, if it does happen in the year, our investment in CAPEX, we’re also investing in 
CAPEX for facilitating virtual inspections, so customers don’t have to come to our facility, 
they can see the machine being run and they can see the machine being tested, we using pretty 
sophisticated technology to make that happen. All that will probably at the max we will spend 
about 15 to 20 crores if at all, if these machines are ready to be shipped. So, debt levels will go 
down more in the balance six months 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual 
Fund.Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
So pardon my ignorance for that. So Atlas Copco in the recent call, was talking about a 
massive change in the customer behavior towards adopting more industry 4.2 a lot of sensors 
in that and interconnecting with the entire ecosystem of the facility. In lieu of that, how would 
be ELGi placed in that,that’s my first question.  
Jairam Varadraj: 
We have our own IoT device which has been tested in India over the last two years, we have 
built a platform which is a global platform,we have also developed a partnership with a global 
company to be able to provide a global SIM card all this is going to be launched into the 
market in the month of March. Now unlike other competitors who sell the IoT device as an 
added thing, with a service contract, we have designed our machine our device in such a way 
that we will be making it as a standard fitment into our product. Now, so any customer it 
doesn’t matter what the size of the customer, we will be able to read the customers machines 
on a continuous basis and provide opportunities for the customer to reduce cost, to reduce 
downtime, and a whole host of other services, including quite a bit of predictive algorithms 
that they have built for preventing failures. So we are, well on top of it, we expect to see that as 
a positive initiative for the next financial year.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure, that’s helpful. Second question is continuing on the same lines, would it be possible to 
outline the areas of R&Dand innovations which we would be focusing on. So one we did 
mentioned on the IoT side, but and we saw a good product coming out of oil free compressor, 
if you could outline without impacting your competitive advantage, that will be useful.  
Jairam Varadraj: 
So, like I’ve always maintained, we are innovation and technology product development is all 
focused from a customer’s point of view, a customer’s point of view is energy 70% to 80%, 
depending on the type of product, 70% to 80% of the lifecycle cost is energy costs. So our 
singular focus in all our technology and product development initiatives is to keep bringing 
down the energy consumption of the compressor, which means making it more and more 
efficient. And we’re even as we speak, we are upgrading our cranes and are introducing new 
machines that are just pushing the bar on efficiency, and we are moving up, we are now top 
three in most of the models in efficiency in the world. And our goal is to be the number one 
and we will get there and we have already launched models, which are where we are number 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
one. So this is a journey that we are going to be involved in. The other one is, how to make 
more and more efficient oil free machine which is an ongoing process.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line ofRitivik Sheth from OneUp Financial. Please go 
ahead.  
Ritivik Sheth: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the European investment from your previous 
response it looks like that, if we see growth then we will go forward and invest which we had 
planned at the time of FY20 budget of about 25 to 30 million over three years. So, is this a 
shift from previous strategy, where you are going to invest irrespective of the revenue and now 
the new strategy is that if we see revenue, growth and if we see opportunity, then we will go 
forward and invest? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Well, COVID had not happened, we would have continued down the trajectory of our earlier 
strategy now that COVID has happened there is a certain tentativeness and the team, rightfully 
is taking a step back reviewing what the consequences are, because after all responsible for the 
top line and bottom line. The bottom line is deliberately planned to be negative, but we can’t 
get more negative than what was plan.So, today we are less negative than what we had planned 
and so the team is ensuring that we stay at that level. So they have to be a little bit more 
deliberate. 
Ritivik Sheth: 
Okay. So we will wait for the revenue to kick in or the opportunity we see before committing 
more capital? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Yes. 
Ritivik Sheth: 
Right, sure okay.And sir second question is on the tax rate, what is the tax rate we should 
assume on a consolidated entity level?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
As you see, the tax rate is gone up to what 40% odd 45% I think and that is primarily because, 
Europe is a loss because of the, it’s a deliberate loss, so effective tax rate gone up but where 
we are paying taxes, the rates have been quite normal. It’s only at the consolidated level you 
have this normally. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line ofBhiman Shah  from One Up Finance.Please go 
ahead. 
Bhiman Shah: 
Just two quick questions,there is a stated journey that you had charted out and in the medium 
term to be among the, already we are among the top three, would you say there are any 
adjoining pieces that need to be corrected or we are lagging behind,that’s question number 
one.Question number two, just to fill up the entire product offering how would you say #A 
how we are placed in terms of offering spaces and so on and so forth in in a very efficient 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
manner irrespective of the geography that we service and two, at a later date, are we possibly 
planning to enter the larger machines, which is the centrifugal by any chance?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
So, I don’t know what you mean by adjacency. Can you help me understand that? 
Bhiman Shah: 
Sorry,The spares and so on and so forth. So, #A we are doing only the equipments and the so, 
are we to kind of completely have all the offerings within the compressor family, do we want 
to get into at a later date, even the centrifugal? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Absolutely, we have developed our own centrifugal compressor we have sold it in India, we 
will have to go through the process of validation and learning which we will do.Today, if you 
look at our range of compressors that we have from a product opportunity point of view, we 
are close to around 80%, 85% of what the product opportunities are. So, we are well placed in 
from a product platform, geographically we are well placed in close to 60%, 65% of the 
opportunity. So, if you take up China from the denominator, we are close to at 90% of the 
opportunity we are playing, so at the end of the product a 90% of the geographies and we had a 
significant presence both on product and geography.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hritik Sheth from Anvil Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Hritik Sheth: 
Sir a couple of questions on how do you see growth panning out over the medium term for us, 
two questions one is that, as you the highlighted earlier in the calls and anticipate the global 
market share for compressor, the global market size for compressor is $15 billion,how do you 
expect that to move over the next say five years, what is the growth rate that we should be 
assuming and secondly, in a market like India, where we’ve seen that the market has been 
cyclical in nature and whenever we see from a bottom to, from a trough to like the peak, we’ve 
seen turnover double in three years historically for us. So, do you see some evidence that 
something of this can happen in India, because in terms of market share, whatever we lost, we 
have gained back is what I assume over the last couple of years. So, do you see something of 
this sort happening for the industry in India and your thoughts on global compressor market?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
Yes, the local compressor market if I look at historically, it has grown anywhere between 1.5% 
to 2.5% on an annualized basis and that is basically what we have to expect into the future. As 
far as India is concerned, yes we have gained share in almost all verticals that we are operating 
in but there is still room for us to improve. For the India play is to not be worry about the 
growth of the economy because we don’t control it. But to focus on growing our share of 
whatever the size of the market is, and that’s our strategy for India. And we’ve been executing 
it systematically and we’re beginning to see results. As far as the international is all about, like 
I said, we are officially at the bottom of the ocean. Does this matter what is happening to the 
economy at the top of the surface of the ocean, we have a lot of headroom to grow. And that’s 
what we are doing and in spite of markets, shrinking we are growing our revenue which means 
we are growing our share of the market 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Hritik Sheth: 
Sure.Sir one question I might have missed because I joined the call a little late, have you given 
growth rates of this quarter for Europe, USA and Australiafor us? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Sorry, I can’t hear you very well. 
Hritik Sheth: 
So, I joined the call a little late have you given the grown rate for US, Europe and Australia for 
us, in absolute percentage? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Sorry, but I am not able to hear you at all, there is some distortion.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Goyel from Enam Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 
Manish Goyel: 
Sir. Just wanted to clarify when you said 57% of revenue from international markets, is it of 
the total sales or is it only for the compressors business?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
It’s compressor business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Kamlesh Kotak for closing comments. 
Kamlesh Kotak: 
Jai, just a couple of points, I wanted to understand,this 10%, 12% growth that we have seen in 
compressor business,would it be possible for you to get some sense as to whether the, which 
one has grown faster than the average in terms of US, Europe and India in particular?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
Well, if you look at regionally Kamlesh India has not grown,the first quarter we didn’t, if you 
look at India which includes standalone India, it’s about negative 2%. But you look at the US it 
has grown pretty significantly. I don’t want to give the specific number,but it has been a 
significant growth. 
Kamlesh Kotak: 
Between the two US and Europe? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
I would say US is higher. Europe, is zero, the previous year was zero. So, in terms of I’m 
talking now about the areas where we have created the initiative, Rotair of course was there 
last year but Italy was the worst hit in the COVID time. So, previous year was very solid 
forRotair. So current year there has been a de-growth. That initiative we started in Europe has 
grown phenomenally because the last year was zero.  
Kamlesh Kotak: 
So as we speak with this kind of initiatives that we put in and the kind of numbers we see, is it 
fair to assume that we are on track now to grow 15% CAGR over the next three to five years 
with more or less this margin band?  
Jairam Varadraj: 
Kamlesh, if you look at our the MD&Ain the annual report we had made a commitment that 
we will come back with a more realistic midterm plan. Rather than keep talking about CK2 we 

 
ELGi Equipments Limited 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
said we will break it up. We said that we will try and complete that by the end of the first 
quarter. Unfortunately, we have not been able to but we have done significant amount of work 
in terms of calibrating. So, if you can bear with me till the end of this quarter, that is a third 
quarter we will have a very clear roadmap defined in terms of where we want to go, and how 
much we are going to do year-on-year. Not just on sales, but also on profitability, and on 
capital and all of that.  
Kamlesh Kotak: 
Great, wonderful good. So we don’t have any further questions, Jai, any closing remarks you’d 
like to make sir? 
Jairam Varadraj: 
Yes, I just want to, one of the key things that we have seen in our company in the first six 
months when of this crisis is the phenomenal participation of our employees. I cannot, it’s very 
difficult for an outsider to understand this. But, I’ve been there and watching it under the 
toughest conditions of supplies not being there. The threat of infection constantly being there, 
with the demand going up, our operations team has just done a phenomenal job. And I would 
be not doing my job, if I don’t acknowledge that in a forum like this. Please understand you 
must have seen the cases of COVID in many factories of a similar size and I will challenge 
you, our people have been so careful, socommitted to ensuring that they remain safe. And 
therefore the company continues, we have less than 20 people who have had an infection and 
that too very young people, and they’ve all recovered, the team has just done and people have 
said you tell us when you want us to come Saturday, Sunday, it didn’t matter. And, I want to 
just acknowledge the performance of the operations team. And on the front end, all the 
challenges of unable to travel, difficulty and not advisable to travel both the sales and service 
team, not only our team, but also the distributor’s teams all over the world, had just done an 
outstanding job and taking our company to our customers. They’ve just done a phenomenal 
job. So this has just been great to have built a team like this.  
Kamlesh Kotak: 
Great, that’s commendable.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Asian MarketsSecurities, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
