  
 
            BLOOD TESTS • DIAGNOSTICS • WELLNESS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited  
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 250 D, Udyog Bhavan, Hind Cycle Marg, Worli, Mumbai - 400 030. 
 
 
CIN: L73100MH2000PLC192798 Tel No.: 8422 801 801 Email: support@metropolisindia.com 
 
 
Website: www.metropolisindia.com 
 
 
Global Reference Laboratory: 4th Floor, Commercial Building-1A, Kohinoor Mall, Vidyavihar (W), Mumbai - 400 070. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Ref: MHL/Sec&Legal/2020-21/154 
 
 
 
 
  Date: November 23, 2020 
 
 
To, 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542650 
 
Head Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051. 
 
Scrip Symbol: METROPOLIS 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Earning Call for Q2FY2021. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcripts of the Earning 
Call held on Wednesday, November 11, 2020 at 5.30 p.m. (IST) wherein the management of the 
Company discussed the Financial and Operational Performance of Q2FY2021. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Poonam Tanwani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: ACS 19182 
 
Encl. a/a 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
“Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
Q2 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SRIRAAM RATHI - ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AMEERA SHAH - MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. VIJENDER SINGH - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH AGARWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Metropolis Healthcare Limited Q2 
FY2021 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are 
not the guarantees of future performance and involves risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sriraam Rathi from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
Thank you and good evening everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities I welcome you all to 
the Q2 FY2021 earning call of Metropolis Healthcare Limited. Today we have with us 
senior management team of the company represented by Ms. Ameera Shah, Managing 
Director, Mr. Vijender Singh, CEO and Mr. Rakesh Agarwal, CFO. With this I will hand 
over to the call to the management. Over to you Madam! 
Ameera Shah: 
Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us for the Q2 FY2021 earnings call and I 
hope you and everyone around you are safe and in good health. I am joined today by Mr. 
Singh, CEO and Rakesh Agarwal, CFO and SGA our IR advisors. The presentation and 
press release have been issued to the stock exchanges and uploaded on our website as well. 
I hope everyone has had the opportunity to go through the same. 
Let me start by sharing with you that we at Metropolis Healthcare has been conferred with 
the Frost & Sullivan Company of the Year Award in the Indian Diagnostic Services 
Industry 2020. We have been recognized for our excellence in growth, innovation and 
leadership. This is indeed a proud moment for all of us at Metropolis. We are pleased to 
share with you that Metropolis and its entire employee base has remained committed to 
serving the nation during the pandemic and work tirelessly ensuring that our timely results 
test and accuracy has been consistent throughout. With leading the industry in terms of 
commencing RT-PCR testing in March 2020 setting up dedicated teams for COVID and 
forging corporate tie-up for testing remedy. We have continued to improve traction on our 
overall business. While we may not have been very vocal about the opportunity considering 
the unpredictable nature of the COVID-19 business, we have put all efforts in serving 
customers and that has only strengthened our brand equity. This is truly the strong 
resilience of the Metropolis Team. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 25 
Let me now move ahead by giving you a strategic lense of the four pillars that we believe 
will continue to drive our business growth ahead. The first is our growth on the non-COVID 
piece of the business. After nearly six months of gradual uptick, we achieved 100% 
recovery in non-COVID PCR business in September 2020. This is the result of our efforts 
on increasing physical coverage with doctors opening of clinic, scaling up home testing 
services, tie-up with institutions and corporate and all this has ensured we are able to 
strengthen our business model. We continue to focus on achieving growth in non-COVID 
business and foresee the business to resume normalcy in Q3. The second is home testing 
services, we strongly believe that home testing is an important part of our strength and 
Metropolis brand proposition in the minds of consumers and when it is bundled with large 
test menu, safety measures, best-in-class turnaround time, the results fall in line in form of 
higher growth where home testing services as a percentage of B2C business excluding 
COVID now contribute 19.6% of revenues in Q2FY21 up from 14.6% in Q2FY20 This 
configuration has been aided by our presence in nine locations currently which we plan to 
scale up to over 65 locations by the end of Q3. This is regarding home testing. Number 
three, the third piece is the digitization efforts that we have built in our brand which is 
continuously engaging and communicating with consumers creating digital partnerships, 
digital records for consumer, doctor engagement B2B portal enabling us to become a 
complete end-to-end digital service provider for not only customers but for every 
stakeholder. Happy to state that we have reached an audience to a magnitude of 25 million 
via our digital communication efforts. The fourth piece is M&A efforts which we believe 
has a tremendous opportunity for given the large unorganized share in the diagnostics 
industry and given the need of the consumer to be associated with a strong knowledgeable 
brand which has reached strong testing capabilities and safety and trust as part of its ethos. 
While we continue to evaluate opportunities for small M&A, we are also open and are 
evaluating mid and large size M&A deals. Depending on the strategic fit, scale and size of 
business the valuation parameters could differ. For us leadership position of the acquired 
business, brand recall amongst consumers, integration of the brand and overall health 
quality of franchise will determine closure of deals for us.  
Q2 FY2021 has been a strong quarter for us we achieved the highest ever quarterly revenue 
as well as our best EBITDA margin till date. Clearly the operating leverage benefits played 
out in the quarter which were driven by increased utilization of lab and patient visits 
coupled with superior product mix, increased home testing visits which reached almost 20% 
in B2C for non-COVID tests and this is a better margin profile on the back of many 
efficiencies on costs and processes that we have built in the service offering, automation 
and digitization which have led to increased cost control and monitoring and cost efficiency 
initiatives where we have encouraged innovation and critical thinking be to operational cost 
efficiency and five increased revenues and economies of scale benefits. Having said this a 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 25 
contributor to the revenue growth has also been large-scale COVID testing which is 
unpredictable and its contribution going forward is likely to be dependent on external 
factors. While large part of savings initiatives is sustainable, we believe it is our duty to 
reward our employees who have worked tirelessly throughout this pandemic. We are 
therefore announcing revision in employee salaries for their loyalty and support to 
strengthen the Metropolis brand. This will have some impact on margins going forward 
however they will still be strong and healthy and therefore our efforts will be more geared 
towards increasing the non-COVID revenue of which we believe the following will be the 
drivers; increase in elective surgeries has increased as number of people will opt for 
surgeries then what was the case during the peak of the pandemic, higher number of doctors 
will open clinics for longer duration leading to higher patient visits in the doctor ecosystem 
and therefore diagnostic ecosystem. Number three, increase contribution from B2G 
revenues in our case NACO and MCGM contracts, Number four - shifts of testing from 
unorganized labs to organize labs like us on the back of increased awareness amongst 
consumers of the importance of hygiene and safety in diagnostic testing and number five, 
higher traction from wellness tests which will open up further as consumers start realizing 
the need for periodical tests and updating of their medical history. 
I will now highlight a few points that we believe as an outcome of our continuous efforts to 
build a strong franchise. Number one, we continue to maintain a healthy and improved 
balance sheet we are a zero debt and net cash company. We have improved our working 
capital cycle on back of steady increase of B2C portion of our business. Our cash 
conversion continues to remain healthy, OCF to EBITDA is at a healthy 86% for H1 
FY2021. We have seen tremendous response to our digital engagement activities which has 
seen a steady rise in website traffic, call volume and home visits. We continue to strengthen 
our existing IP systems by rolling out new and improved updates to the existing system like 
in-house support through digital platform, improve health data analytics and securing 
information systems through continuous monitoring. Our near-end targets include 
consolidating our cloud infrastructure and providing robust end-to-end support along the 
data privacy. We are also in the process of finalizing partners for long-term digital 
transformation in B2B and B2C. While customer focus is key at Metropolis, other 
important stakeholders are also an important part of our ecosystem. We have spent 
considerable time during COVID-19 to rope in and introduce new doctors to the service 
network, new hospitals and labs have gotten added and all this will help us create deeper 
inroads in the end markets. Our efforts in testing during COVID has got us tremendous 
engagement opportunities with government and decision makers allowing us to play a more 
meaningful role in the Indian diagnostics journey ahead. Lastly, increasing employee 
engagement efforts through digital training models thereby increasing new benchmarks of 
performance. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 25 
Let me conclude that we are going through a strong path of growth for non-COVID 
revenues coupled with healthy margins and a strong balance sheet, a capable and highly 
technical team that have showed their skill in the last two quarters and created a stronger 
Metropolis brand. That is all from my side. I would now like to hand over to the Vijender to 
take you through some of our operational parameters. 
Vijender Singh: 
Thank you Ameera and good evening everyone. Let me give you a perspective on our 
operational parameters. For Q2 FY2021 we reported patient visits of 2.62 million 
registering a marginal growth on year-on-year basis. We conducted 4.83 million tests versus 
5.2 million in Q2 FY2020. Revenue per patient and revenue per test increased on account of 
high value COVID-19 test, on a like-to-like basis non-COVID revenue per test and revenue 
per patients stand at Rs.926 and Rs.444 respectively. This meant a growth of 8% and 3% 
respectively on year-on-year basis. This growth has primarily been attained on the back of 
volumes returning from high-value specialized tests. As guided in previous quarter, we had 
announced a one-time rationalization exercise, to this effect we have continued our 
rationalization exercise of the bottom pyramid of the network, which was counterproductive 
in our overall scheme of things. This one-time exercise has largely ended in September 
2020 and will lead to better productivity and efficiency as well as improvement in 
management bandwidth. Our revenue profile among focused, seeding and other cities stood 
as follows; focus cities (five cities including the city and peripheral area around 
metropolitan region) contribution has moved up marginally from 56% in Q2 FY2020 to 
57% in Q2 FY2021 on back of increased testing requirements from urban cities. Seeding 
cities (eight cities including the city and peripheral area around the region) contribution has 
moved from 19% in Q2 FY2020 and 21% in Q1 FY2021 while other cities contribution has 
moved from 25% to 22% in Q2 FY2021. Our B2C revenues in focus cities in Q2 FY2021 
for non-COVID business has now reached 60% as our brand continues to gain more 
traction. It has been a measure of our efforts to focus deeply on ensuring standardization of 
service levels across touch points, consistent doctor and patient engagement, focused 
marketing efforts to all stakeholders and ensuring convenience in delivering diagnostic 
services through increased home testing services. With respect to test mix on volume and 
value basis including COVID-19 tests which are part of specialized test, the volume and 
value mix for specialized test has seen an improvement. We continue to increase our non-
COVID revenue while focusing on increasing our utilization levels of our collection and lab 
network while our aim is to grow our non-COVID revenue, the overall revenue growth will 
also depend on how COVID shapes up, which is difficult to predict as of now. However, 
September as panned out, we believe non-COVID revenues will rise faster as situation 
normalizes across the country. Our capabilities on testing on back of largest test run ensures 
faster penetration of Metropolis brand in geographies will enable us to outperform. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 25 
I would also like to highlight on our HR initiative. Ours is a people business and hence we 
make sure that our employees motivated and happy. In addition to the revision of the 
salaries that Ameera mentioned in her speech we have also taken several initiatives, which 
includes the MD Shaurya Award for the frontline staff which is a personal contribution 
from Ameera, ESOPs for senior management team. Further we have constituted an 
employee welfare fund as well as reoriented all the insurance schemes along with medical 
testing and provision of medical assistance for employees and immediate family. That is all 
from my side I will ask Rakesh to take you through the financials. 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Thank you Vijender. Good evening to everyone on the call. Let me give you a snapshot of 
our financial performance. Happy to share that we have been able to surpass our own 
expectation that we laid down during our last update. On the revenue front we have been 
able to scale up revenue from Rs.68 Crores in June 2020 to Rs.105 Crores in September 
2020. The revenue growth was strong on month-on-month basis. COVID contributed to 
35% to Q2 FY2021 revenues. While COVID revenue remained elevated in July and 
August, it stepped down in September 2020 wherein we saw higher growth in non-COVID 
revenues. Accordingly, we reached full recovery in revenues on non-COVID PCR front and 
believe this trend is sustainable and will remain our focus area while fulfilling COVID 
testing and subsequent revenues. We have achieved record EBITDA in Q2 FY2021 with 
margin of 32.9% before CSR and ESOP. The levers for this margin include increased 
utilization level and superior product mix which led to higher throughput at our labs, higher 
home visits test which now stand at 20% for Q2 FY2021 in B2C non-COVID vertical, cost 
optimization efforts on back of automation, digitization and innovation led mindset in our 
way of doing business. As I did mention earlier our efforts would be towards increasing 
non-COVID revenue and therefore it is difficult to predict Q3 outlook given the 
unpredictable nature of COVID-19 volumes. Having said that we are confident to grow on 
Y-on-Y basis on Non-covide tests however with partial rollback and cost saving initiative 
as we have guided in Q4 and Q1 call earlier, we expect some marginal moderation in 
EBITDA margin going ahead. 
Q2 FY 2021 our revenue stood at Rs.289 Crores, Q2 FY2021 EBITDA before CSR and 
ESOP stood at Rs.95 Crores and margin stood at 32.9%. For H1 FY2021 our revenue stood 
at Rs.431 Crores a growth of 1% on Y-on-Y basis, H1 FY2021 EBITDA before CSR and 
ESOP stood at Rs.107.8 Crores and margin stood at 25%. Our PAT for the quarter stood at 
Rs.60.5 Crores with a margin of 21%. For H1FY2021, our PAT stood at Rs.63.4 Crores. 
We have continued to focus on collection efficiencies. Our debtor days have improved from 
55 days in March 2020 to 49 days in September 2020. Overall working capital days have 
improved from 11 days in March 2020 to 4 days in September 2020. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 25 
Our liquidity position remains very strong with Rs.325 Crores as on September 2020, OCF 
to EBITDA stood at 86% for H1 FY 2021 versus 86% for H1 FY 2020. Recently rating 
agency reaffirmed its Crisil AA minus that is stable rating on non-convertible debentures 
and the long-term loan facility of the company and has also reassigned its Crisil A1+ rating 
to the short-term bank facility of the company. That is from my side. Now we now leave the 
floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Anubhav Aggarwal from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
One question was on the home testing that you mentioned about 20%, I just wanted to 
understand in your network some of the home visits will be captured in the central let us say 
your labs versus your service network I mean just wanted to understand what percentage of 
home visits will directly be serviced by the central lab? 
Ameera Shah: 
We cannot hear you very clearly Anubhav your question was what percentage of this? 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
What percentage of the home visits will be captured by the central lab versus let us say 
captured by your franchises? 
Ameera Shah: 
Most of our home visits are done directly by the company; minority will be done by the 
franchisees. One of the key things that we are trying to accomplish is sort of an operational 
standardization of experience and therefore the expansion also that we are doing in terms of 
the home services to many more cities will be primarily done for direct model versus for 
franchise models. Having said that the direct model does not need additional cost on the 
P&L as we are doing it through a direct staff. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Sure that is the reason you mentioned that margins are higher for home business because 
you do not have to share margins to franchise? 
Ameera Shah: 
That is one of the reasons that gives us a better margin. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
And the second question was on the service network as after let us say reorganization 
restructuring this service network you have about 2450 centers right now. when you think 
about this let us say over next two years to three years, what kind of number are you 
thinking about I am just trying to get a direction would you be like less than what you are 
today or would you be like 3500 or 5000 I mean what kind of number you are thinking 
about let us say two to three years down the line? 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 25 
Ameera Shah: 
So I think in H2 we are looking to add about 150 centers which has already begun the 
expansion and I think in 2021-2022 we are looking to add about 600 to 700 centers I think 
the general trend will be to continue to expand 600 to 800 centers per year it could be a little 
bit more little bit less but that is the approximate range so we will continue with our brick 
and motor expansion. We do not believe that that is going to in anyway compromise as we 
said the rationalization exercise that we did from April to September was a one-time 
rationalization and consolidation after three years of expansion just to maintain hygiene in 
the system and we have already now finished the rationalization and started our expansion 
again. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Sure thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: The first question is a slightly broader industry question in recent weeks’ industry 
participants have pointed to COVID testing potentially being a recurring business line over 
the next quarter and beyond but with increasing optimism around the potential approval of a 
COVID vaccine how do these developments influence our strategy for COVID testing 
business going forward? 
Ameera Shah: 
See our view has always been and you would have noticed that Metropolis probably has not 
been extremely vocal on COVID being either a big driver of business or not because at the 
end of the day we believe that this is not completely influenced by us as we know pricing is 
influenced by the government, our volumes are dependent on cure and therapy and vaccine 
and therefore we have sort of kept a neutral stand quarter to quarter. Having said that as you 
have seen that we just announced we at Metropolis have done the maximum COVID PCR 
business in Q2 which has just gone by compared to any of our players so I think going 
forward I think regionally we see a changing pattern of COVID in parts of west India we 
are seeing COVID infection fall currently but that does not mean what is going to happen in 
November and December we do not know, but in October and parts of November we saw it 
fall but we saw an increase in other parts of the country so I think regionally you will 
continue to see highs and lows in different parts of the country and depending on which 
market we are strong and we will be able to absorb that opportunity so I think the COVID 
opportunity continues to be alive, but it will be unpredictable in its lack of consistency 
quarter to quarter as it will come in different geography also as the vaccine comes to market 
antibody testing and PCR testing will again become very relevant we do not know what the 
effectiveness of these vaccines are practically yet and people who get the vaccine will again 
need to check whether they have got the antibodies or not along with also people who 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 25 
continue to get infections as things have been out so yes the opportunity is alive, we 
continue to expect it to be there many quarters to come. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it that is helpful. Second question is on the margin line, could you talk us through what 
the different factors are in this 400 basis point leap I think we have been doing pre COVID 
close to 28% range now it is a 32% range as business trends move towards steady state do 
we think some of this margin expansion we have shown is sustainable I understand our 
wage costs may step up starting in Q3 we did 28.5% I think last year in Q3 so do you think 
a 30% margin range is something we can aspire to on a sustainable basis? 
Ameera Shah: 
Well I think there were three things that really contributed to the margin expansion. One is 
the factors of economy scale obviously having growth of about 29% or 30% growth with 
the same similar fixed costs and similar variable costs have also added to that number one 
point in terms of the margin. Number two is the changing mix of channels as we alluded to 
our home visit channel has gone up and we believe the way we are building home visit has 
a better margin profile and what we will continue to do and therefore that has aided with the 
increased ratio of B2C and home visit business. The third I think has been really good work 
done by the team in terms of cost management not only on manpower cost where there has 
been a lot of productivity done, but also on using digitization and automation as we have 
been indicating for the last three quarters we are going to do to really help streamline not 
only manpower productivity but other costs as well and therefore we are seeing some of 
those benefits come into play in the cost management as well. We believe that most of these 
costs that we have reduced will be sustainable, there will be obviously certain things which 
in the long-term interest of the company are advisable to do like obviously giving wage 
increases and things which are normally required. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it that is helpful. Just one housekeeping question if you could share with us RT PCR 
and antibody testing revenue split and volume numbers? 
Ameera Shah: 
So the antibody testing for us is a smaller component compared to the PCR testing and we 
have found that the antibody and antigen testing is about 3.5%, Rakesh you want to come in 
with some more information on this. 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
3.5% is right. We have done 3.5% of antibody and antigen test and the rest of the tests are 
basically on RT PCR. So RT PCR from the percentage is 34% to 35%. 
Ameera Shah: 
We continued to see this as a big opportunity for Metropolis going forward on the antibody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment 
Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Congratulation on excellent set of numbers. I have just one question with this PCR testing 
the patient which has been tested COVID positive so there are a lot of tests associated with 
that which could be of a one-time nature so can you give some color how much is that and 
which may not be repeated once the COVID is out? 
Ameera Shah: 
See there are certain tests which are not only for COVID, which are for many different 
infections and diseases. So for example there is a test called D-dimer I think which is what 
you are probably referring to, which is an indication of whether there is any potential heart 
disease caused by COVID. Now these tests obviously are prescribed not only for COVID 
but they are prescribed for many different infections or disabilities or illnesses so these are 
what we are calling as a COVID rub off test and there is a group of such tests which are 
getting prescribed more during COVID, but they were getting prescribed even before 
COVID so we do not have a separate quantification for that because it is very difficult to 
determine what is being prescribed only specifically for COVID or without for other 
reasons and therefore we only look at the COVID antibody and antigen separately along 
with PCR and those go into the non-COVID bucket. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Any color directionally if you have that kind of a test gone up substantially during Q2 
because of COVID? 
Ameera Shah: 
They have gone up significantly yes I do not have the exact quantification for it. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. 
Ameera Shah: 
But it is not a very large number that makes you feel that if COVID drastically falls then 
that entire revenue is going to get wiped out, it is not a very big percentage.  
Rakesh Agarwal: 
The pie which is there for test are various small in overall number, so it is not a very big pie 
for us. Obviously the number may have gone up but still whatever number has gone up that 
constitutes a very small pie in the overall. It is a very low single digit kind of a number. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay thanks and second question is with this now unlocking so what kind of I mean 
unorganized to organized opportunity we are seeing and what kind of offer are we getting 
for consolidation or merger and acquisition? 
Ameera Shah: 
See unlike some other industries which are very heavy with debt therefore you are seeing a 
lot of distress sales happening that is obviously not the case in healthcare. The entry barrier 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 25 
in this industry is very small and therefore you do not tend to see people who have got too 
much of debt. What we are seeing is that there is sort of three levels of labs, and I am happy 
to run through each of them. The bottom level is where you have got almost 90% to 95% of 
the industry are sitting in that market, which are the independent mom and pop labs of 
which majority tend to be run by non-medical people and very few only 10% are run by 
pathologists right. Now in those laboratories anyway they were not very compliant, their 
cost space was very low and they did not have many costs and therefore we are seeing that 
while they continue to struggle obviously healthcare being largely defensive they have 
come back to about 60%, 70%, 80% of their normalized revenues compared to the year 
before and therefore they are making less profit, but they are not under some very heavy 
stress or load that they have to sell. Also these tend to be very, very small, they tend to be 
one or two lakh rupees per month kind of revenue and therefore obviously these are labs 
which we have no interest in buying. You then have second layer of labs which are the 
regional players which have grown and become strong in one city or two cities or five cities 
in a geography or in a region. Now like this there are only about 10 to 15 such labs all 
across the country and therefore they tend to be very safe, some of them are not built in a 
good way some of them are built on heavy discounting, bad practices and we have 
obviously very little interest in buying. The good quality business franchises have been built 
on good practice with good quality of business and those are very few so obviously we 
continue to evaluate any such opportunity that comes our way and as I indicated in the 
speech we are very open to doing also mid-size or large-sized acquisitions and we continue 
to explore all such opportunities along with smaller acquisitions. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Thank you that is great. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Gindori from AlphAccurate. Please 
go ahead. 
Chetan Gindori: 
My question is with respect to our EBITDA margins so I understand that with the operating 
leverage benefit and the cost savings, our EBITDA margin has gone up in this quarter so 
when this COVID revenue is gone, say it comes down over next two years and the non-
COVID revenues again scales up, can we expect the overall industry margin and your 
margin also to move up to the 30% kind of bracket? 
Ameera Shah: 
In industry there is no such thing as an industry margin because every company has its own 
unique business model and therefore depending on their product mix and depending on 
their channel mix and the quality of business that they do how much they discount they do 
not discount and what are their prices each company’s EBITDA margin has a different 
potential so it very difficult to comment on anybody else but if I can comment on 
Metropolis alone we believe that next year COVID is not there at all you have already seen 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 25 
us having historical EBITDA of between 28% to 29% and we believe that if we are able to 
execute the things that we are looking to execute, there is potentially an upside in terms of 
margin profiles. Whether we will want to continue to just build margin or reinvest that 
margin into better growth opportunities I think it is a decision we will make at that time 
maybe we will continue expanding the centers aggressively because we are already at a 
good margin so we will take that decision I think closer, but yes definitely if we are able to 
execute what we are planning. There is an opportunity for a margin upside. 
Chetan Gindori: 
Okay and just to follow up on that so is it is it safe to assume that our current fixed cost 
structure and our current facilities can support a much higher level of non-COVID revenue? 
Ameera Shah: 
That is right, I mean we have seen for example our existing infrastructure support an 
additional 45% of growth in the month of September through the same infrastructure so I 
think that should indicate that the answer is very clearly yes. 
Chetan Gindori: 
Okay thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Anmol Ganjoo from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
I have a couple of questions one is that when you guys characterize COVID revenues, are 
you also considering the associated tests like D-dimer or they would be classified under 
non-COVID revenues? 
Ameera Shah: 
When we are talking about COVID PCR revenues we are only talking about COVID PCR 
not any other tests. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
Okay. Thank you that is helpful. The second question is around home visits so the B2C 
revenue comprises around 20% of home visits this quarter 19.6% is what you have put on 
the presentation, what did this number look like either previous quarter or the corresponding 
quarter last year, any color on that? 
Ameera Shah: 
I think it was 14.6%. 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Q2 last year is 14.6% from where we have moved to 19.6% this year. I am talking about 
retail B2C in Non-Covid. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
Just trying to understand what are some of the vectors of realization because we have seen 
fairly healthy realizations one is obviously COVID and the other is home visits, but if you 
could just throw some light on how this looks like for next four quarters or more sustainable 
trends there that will be helpful? 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 25 
Vijender Singh: 
I think overall last quarter one versus quarter two, home visits have definitely given us a big 
spike and accordingly we have done our capacity sprucing up as well so this is going to 
continue from strategic point of view also we want to really invest behind this home visit 
services and beyond that in order to make it much more robust, we want to also add little bit 
more features to this not just a diagnostic, but something related to other pieces also from 
wellness point of view so this is going to continue in our next year's strategy as well, but 
important here is that we have seen in Q2 there has been a good traction on the footfall as 
well so that is what Ameera also mentioned that in H2 we plan to add another 150 centers 
so primarily these two things are going to be our key strategy point, home visit and then 
number two is opening up of centers. 
Ameera Shah: 
Anmol just to ask you that if you see our even keeping aside COVID, our revenue for 
patient has increased about 8% from about Rs.850 to Rs.925 approximately and this is not 
including COVID at all. What we have seen is that the mix of specialized testing has come 
back to about 39% in Q2, which was obviously lower in Q1 and approximately the same 
percentage contribution it was last year as well so as the specialized work comes back to 
normalcy we hope that the realization per patient will get benefited by that. Obviously as 
we have maintained before our goal is not to keep only increasing the realization per patient 
but actually also to get enough volume for the system so it is a fine balance between like 
you said our EBITDA margin economy the scale operating levels that we get and we 
investing it into growth and at the same time the expansion that we get in revenue per 
sample and reinvesting it into volume so the idea is to maintain that healthy balance 
between the two and not just focus on any one KPI to keep maximizing only profit or only 
revenue per sample. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
Okay thank you that is extremely helpful. One last question before I get back to the queue 
so you spoke about that there are not enough targets because of the fact that you guys are 
choosy in terms of what you will pick in terms of an asset but have we seen that you know 
last couple of quarters of disruption has at least pushed the organic market share of the long 
tail that the industry has to you and in that sense are you guys growing faster than the 
industry because I cannot imagine that such a period of disruption for the industry would 
not be beneficial to you guys I can understand that there might be assets that you might not 
want to pick up because of hygiene reasons and other fitment reasons etc., but is there a 
greater acceleration of market share shift than what we saw same time last quarter for 
example? 
Ameera Shah: 
I think what the feedback we get on the ground and common sense so like you rightly said 
there is a move of people moving from unorganized to more organized brands like us. 
Having said that, unfortunately, there is no hard data available on the industry from any 
third-party provider that allows us to validate that in any quantifiable way. So while I can 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 25 
tell you it is what we are seeing on the ground, but there is no robust data points to back that 
up but what we hear from our team yes and also when obviously there have been only about 
200 labs across the country out of 100,000 which has the capability to do COVID testing 
and with the heighten visibility that COVID testing has gotten it is very natural for 
consumers in their mind to separate now labs who have the advanced capability in COVID 
versus everybody. So I do believe that there will be a national move to these but whether it 
is already happened and at what pace it is very difficult to know. 
Anmol Ganjoo: 
Thank you that is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
My first question is related to the volume like as I can see in the presentation that the 
September month the sales has grew by 6% non-COVID business and also in the last 
quarter we had observed that realization has improved significantly so how is the situation 
right now in the month of October is our volumes back to normal or still we are in 
degrowth? 
Ameera Shah: 
I cannot obviously comment specifically on October numbers at this point, but overall we 
see a trend of non-COVID business continuing to grow quite well. Obviously there will be 
seasonality factors which will come in, in this half of the year there will be some months 
which have more festivals and holidays and some months have less which is quite typical to 
our business, but generally the trend is that non-COVID business is increasing. Again it 
depends on state by state there are some states which have never assured in a very strong 
lockdown and their things were normal from day one and therefore you never saw such a 
slump in business in the like in Q1 but like there were some states which actually 
completely shut down their states and therefore that became a psychological barrier for 
people to step out, so I think region to region we are seeing a different reaction but overall 
the trend that non-COVID is definitely increasing, volumes are increasing and is it 100% 
normalcy everywhere, no, but generally that is the trend. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay and second on the rationalization as you had mentioned this is a one-time 
rationalization effort in the three years of expansion so how old these centers in the system 
which we are closed? 
Vijender Singh: 
So these were primarily last two and a half years average but these are generally the centers 
which have been which were opened in other city categories which we call as ARC so these 
ARCs operate from smaller towns and we thought that it is good that we should sort of 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 25 
rationalize those centers who are not completely loyal, who are not following certain 
specific protocols of the company so it was spread over the last two and a half years. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay and last question is related to the seeding city contribution which has now picked up 
to 21% so can you give any directional comment on this, how much of the target 
contribution you are expecting from these cities in the next two years or three years time? 
Vijender Singh: 
See if you look at we have three categories of cities, one is focus where there are five cities 
in this category and one of our endeavor has always been to increase our B2C ratio in these 
cities and what we share the data in Q2 our B2C ratio in these cities have reached to 57% if 
I include COVID if I exclude COVID then the contribution is about 60% on B2C so this 
probability is going to be our key focus area and in future also we will continue to improve 
B2C ratio in these cities. 
Praveen Sahay: 
But seeding city how much that 21% you continue to do so because that is I think B2B is a 
focus area or contribution is higher, so how is that going forward? 
Vijender Singh: 
No I think important for us would be to look at you know our focus where our contribution 
is high and then from B2B it is good that we focus B2C. On seeding cities we have two 
different kind of markets where there are certain markets where our B2C contribution is 
high there are certain markets like North India, Delhi or Calcutta where our focus has been 
more on to B2B side which will continue to move but definitely going forward we want to 
as I mentioned just in one of the questions that we want to really invest behind home visit 
and these are the markets where I think home visit will create a platform for us to get into 
B2C area in these markets. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sir on the home healthcare business that you are planning to invest in is there is an 
opportunity cost on the volumes that we get on this business while I understand that 
because we are doing it on our own, the profitability might be higher but would not these 
volumes ideally be a walk in into your franchisee center and therefore more a 
cannibalization of growth rather than new volume or am I looking at it the wrong way? 
Ameera Shah: 
See I think in healthcare business there is the way we see the business if you like in other 
industries you may categorize and say these are brick and mortar traditional and then there 
are new age companies, in healthcare my strong belief is that there is not going to be this 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 25 
division at all there are going to be some healthcare companies which move towards being 
new age which means being more asset light, being more digitally mature knowing how to 
have handle and omni channel strategy and most which will actually not have the ability to 
make this transition and the one those of us who are able to make this transition will be able 
to capture new consumers, new customer profiles in a strong way, but both models will 
continue to exist so there will continue to be the traditional brick and mortar approach 
which is going to continue to be majority of healthcare business and then on top of that 
there will be this more new age digital/home services which will come on as an extra piece 
that can get added on now will there be cannibalization between the traditional and the new, 
there is bound to be some amount of cannibalization like there has been in another 
industries be it retail or something else, but the opportunity cost of not doing it is far worse 
than the opportunity cost of doing it and I think overall if we look at these two together we 
believe that we will continue to expand our market share and expand our brand in the mind 
of the consumer and thankfully not in a fashion where we are losing margin but in a fashion 
where we are gaining margins so in our mind it is a must be versus an optionality. 
Neha Manpuria: 
If I were to extend the question a little bit given that some of these regional players have 
become particularly strong during COVID with the large increase in their revenues that they 
have seen, the unorganized to organize shift, could there be a case that they benefit more 
than the large players do and the second part of the question is how difficult is it for a 
regional player to scale up from health care or do you think the digital piece of it makes it a 
bigger tool for the larger players than the regional player? 
Ameera Shah: 
It is a good question look I think the regional players which were already strong in certain 
cities have definitely benefited during COVID so whether they have benefited more than 
the pan India players or less is very difficult to gauge because obviously these are all private 
entities which we do not have access to information but they have definitely benefited like 
we have benefited, do they have the ability to roll out digital/home services yes they have 
the ability the question is do they have the right management teams and do they have the 
right mindset and I think the fundamental issue that we have seen with any of these 
companies who have tried to scale, the biggest challenge is that most of these tend to be 
doctor-led and managed and therefore their ability to commercially scale up as a business 
with systems and processes tends to be maybe not as strong and therefore usually are not 
able to cross borders and move from the city that they are strong into new cities so they will 
end up making a lot of profit in their core cities, but do not necessarily have the ability to 
scale from a geography perspective. So they might have gotten stronger in their own city, 
but I do not see them necessarily having now the ability to become regional or to become 
pan India. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Susmit Patodia from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Ameera a couple of questions if you do not mind first is I was just thinking about when we 
speak to a few insurance companies they are now saying that COVID test is a test that they 
are also getting done, are you seeing business coming there and is that a stream of revenues 
that you think can be sustained? 
Ameera Shah: 
I think mostly insurance companies are doing it in behalf of in some cases TPA are doing it 
on behalf of their corporate that they are tied up with or in some cases insurances are doing 
it selectively so far we have not seen this becoming a significant source of revenue. 
Corporates, yes it has become much larger than before but insurance companies specifically 
we have not seen it become a very large piece yet. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Secondly just from a thought perspective do you think about new tests which can become 
5%-10% of your revenues three years to four years down the line like we see this with 
consumer companies thinking about new products becoming a certain percentage of 
revenues down the line if you can tell us how you think about this or first of all is it relevant 
in diagnostics? 
Ameera Shah: 
We see certain products gain traction there is usually never a black swan event that is 
happened like COVID that have just taken one product to the top of the list like it has in the 
last six months for any diagnostic firm. Traditionally what happens is the tests take a long 
time to gain acceptance among doctors for them to start prescribing it for their patients it is 
a few years journey, not an overnight situation and therefore the same reason it is difficult 
to dislodge those tests from the proper list so we expect to see COVID definitely as a topper 
I would say for few quarters to come that version of COVID may change for example today 
we are doing a COVID PCR tomorrow if a saliva base test come which is of a different 
technology that may replace the COVID PCR but COVID as a product we definitely expect 
it to continue to top the list for a few quarters. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Right so you do not think internally about developing a new test which can become 10%? 
Ameera Shah: 
We develop tests all the time; we develop this every quarter but what I am saying is that 
those do not move to the top of the list in a short span. 
Susmit Patodia: 
5% to 10%. 
Ameera Shah: 
Even they do not even become 5% to 10%. They will see a very small percentage of the 
revenue if you look at the 4000 varieties of tests we do, your top 30, 40, 50 tests will 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 18 of 25 
contribute a significantly large quarter part of your revenue compared to the tail end of your 
test. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Got it and the third question now that you are on the expansion path again on these service 
centers if I were to see your 2016 to 2020 journey centers are up 60% CAGR and your B2C 
revenues are up 20% CAGR is that a fair proportion to think about when you expand let us 
say 6x in the next five years? 
Ameera Shah: 
I will give my comments on this usual there is a gestation period for a center to start 
breaking even and making money whether we set it up or whether a franchise sets it up. 
Usually we see about a year to a year and a half is an operational period for a franchise 
when they set up our APSC Patient Service Center and obviously that is assuming that it 
happens in a focus city where the Metropolis brand is reasonably strong and then it takes 
about almost four to five years for it to come to some sort of maturity that is usually the 
gestation period because when you set up a center it is not a pure OTP product so you are 
actually going in there and going to all the doctors in the area and going and trying to move 
them from the unorganized players to your brand in a systematic way and doctors who have 
had relationships for 30 years in other labs take their own time to move, you have to also 
create a visibility in that area with your patient and therefore while you may set up the 
distribution in an expansion phase very quickly like we did, it does not mean the revenues 
will flow at the same percentage but they will definitely take a longer time to flow like I 
said maturity is four to five years. 
Susmit Patodia: 
So I just wanted to understand that if centers go up let us say 6x in five years, the topline 
should go up at least 2.5x in that five years because that has been the track record for the 
last four years. 
Ameera Shah: 
That has been the track record, Vijendra anything you want to add? 
Vijendra Singh: 
I think definitely the company like Metropolis is going to leverage or benefit primarily 
because now people are more aware about hygiene and safety and our strategy on this 
expansion is basically it talks about going closer to patient now during COVID why it is 
important because people may not like to travel too far and far distance of course they 
would have an option of home visit, but of course that they can also visit to the nearest 
outlet which is like Kirana shop so I think going forward definitely this is going to help us a 
lot in terms of going closer to patient. 
Susmit Patodia: 
And just last question before I get back in the queue is any thoughts on radiology, has 
anything opened because of this crisis any change towards that segment? 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 19 of 25 
Ameera Shah: 
I think nothing this is a significantly long-term opportunity I think short-term radiology 
centers who obviously demonstrated an ability to be safe and hygienic or getting the 
COVID crisis gained over the unorganized because it is so driven by a sort of brick and 
mortar and it is not as scalable as pathology in terms of home services etc., but the general 
mindset around radiology continues to be the same, which is on high-end radiology which 
is on PET scan and MRI and CT but we do not like the financial profile of the business. We 
do not like the unhygienic practices of the business we are okay with the low end radiology 
which is X-ray, ECG etc., and that is an area that we may continue to explore as we already 
have in many of our centers, we may continue to expand. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Thank you and best of luck and Happy Diwali to you and your team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Just to start with few clarification, realization for non-COVID which is 925 essentially 
includes antibody antigen test? 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes when we separate out COVID but of course antigen and antibody tend to be much 
lower usually antibodies test realization is much lower than this including antigen is much 
lower so if anything it decreases the average realization does not increase. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay and secondly when Rakesh said about 3.5% being antibody, antigen and 35% being 
RT-PCR then did not really catch that number what does that really mean? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Basically what we are saying is whatever revenue we are projecting for Q2 that revenue 
constitute 35% of COVID PCR revenue and 3.5% of antigen and antibodies. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Of the total sale reported? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Revenue yes. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay perfect and so my first question now essentially is as Ameera mentioned on the 
growth driver going forward I just wanted to delve a bit deeper on that, could you help me 
understand within the focus and seeding cities which are the markets where you think the 
growth would definitely be higher in terms of next three years if we take that kind of 
horizon, could you help me understand how will Metropolis look in terms of test mix or a 
share of B2C on the overall business not in focus cities and wellness just a broader picture 
of the company overall over next three to five years will be really helpful? 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 20 of 25 
Ameera Shah: 
So on B2C part as the KPI that we always look at is B2C in focus cities because looking at 
it overall in the business depends a lot on what the contribution of other areas are so that we 
see there is a long KPI to follow so I will continue to tell you the B2C in focus cities. As we 
have said from day one that our goal is to get to 65% of B2C in focus cities we have as of 
this quarter reached 60% and we started from mid 40s so we think we have come where we 
have done great progress on this and we continue to march forward towards this goal. We 
will expect to see a focus city growth on B2C continuing to be very positive and we will 
also expect seeding city growth to be positive. If you look at focus cities again you have got 
two parts which B2C and B2B when you focus on B2C you are naturally saying that B2B is 
not necessarily going to give you as aggressive a growth in that particular focus market 
because not necessarily, but sometimes they tend to be slightly in conflict with each other. 
From focus cities the goal is B2C growth which will be the area we will really prioritize. In 
seeding cities it will be the overall growth that we will prioritize and we hope and consider 
to see that both of these will continue to have similar percentages that they do us now 
because we are also seeing the other cities which is of a low base are also growing quite 
aggressively so just a matter of arithmetic we do not expect to see a drastic change as a 
contribution you see now two to three years from now we do not expect to see a drastic 
change in any of the contribution metrics. As far as the test product mix similarly as you see 
our routine semi-specialized and specialized have been going in a certain direction and we 
expect that will continue. We expect the semi-specialized piece to keep moving downwards 
but not in a hockey stick approach but in a very gradual move down and we expect to see 
routine and specialize in a gradual move upwards. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay perfect. 
Vijendra Singh: 
I think you are right overall if the B2C ratio goes up in focus cities like Ameera said that in 
two years from now we want it to be at 65 that automatically will change the whole level. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Right got it and lastly if you could give direction on the non-COVID business for the 
second half as in could see like 15%-20% Y-o-Y growth or we see like more like single 
digits? 
Ameera Shah: 
I mean if you look at our historical things before COVID happened you see that 2017-2018, 
2018-2019 our growth was 18% and 2019-2020 was obviously impacted by the last 
fortnight because we were about 16% non-COVID and I think we were reasonably 
comfortable with those numbers so I do not see any reason why it should fall to a single 
digit growth. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect thank you so much. I will come back in the queue and wish you a very Happy 
Diwali and Prosperous New Year. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 21 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
Two questions, one is some kind of a shape of an emergent integrated health system 
probably is beginning to emerge whereby let us say all the players in the healthcare system 
kind of get linked together so whether hospitals and nursing homes then the medical 
fraternity doctors and the fraternity of diagnostic chains like yours, medicine dispensary and 
insurance firms now B2C brand driven business more profitable, consumer oriented builds 
equity without any question but over a period of time aggregation of the health chain as an 
entire system would make it inevitable for many different constituents to play along any 
thoughts on that? 
Ameera Shah: 
Sure look I do not disagree with you I agree with you that over time we expect to see a 
more integrated approach in healthcare where all parts and shares stakeholders of the 
ecosystem ideally should come together. What I am actually seeing is the government is 
actually driving the agenda through the National Digital Health Mission of which I am a 
part of the committee as well of really being the super highway which connects all the 
different stakeholders in the ecosystem at least from a perspective of storing data and 
keeping an interoperability of data when a patient moves from X hospital to Y hospital or 
goes from one diagnostic center to the other and I think if that happens then the government 
becomes a key storage in charge or at least a platform in charge of allowing a consumer to 
control and own their own data along the way I believe this will be a good move because it 
will make life easier for the patient and easier for the doctor to make a clinical decision. 
Now that is one piece of it the second piece that is happening is there are a bunch of players 
who are trying to create health platforms for the consumer and the patient to say that look 
we will help you through your record we will help you see your doctors etc., while that is an 
aspirational project on the ground we have not necessarily seen that takeoff in a huge way. 
While teleconsultation did increase in the last six months, the kind of teleconsultations that 
increased for mostly zoom calls that doctors did from their own telephones with their own 
patient bases, tele consultations through third-party platforms have not gotten as much 
traction and even if they have, they have not necessarily become revenue generators but 
they have become more sort of free feature that consumers are using because they have the 
opportunity because platforms are providing it so whether this marketplace is going to go 
on to become something that changes the consumer and doctor behavior frankly it is too 
early to tell at this point of time but the integrated approach of healthcare players coming 
together so what the government is trying to do and through free markets will definitely 
happen. I hope that answers your question. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure that is exactly the point I was kind of making that National Digital Health Mission 
seems to be the first attempt to kind of aggregate, first of all data pieces are loose then you 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 22 of 25 
intelligently bring them together, you store them, create systems make them interoperable 
and then the first signs of a more sophisticated system which can link everything can 
emerge so it was basically from that perspective so yes that does answer. Second, 
technology increasingly will not just be the bread and butter and converting routines into 
efficiency or the ease but it will be not just a business advantage or a competitive advantage 
but may become inevitable and a significant differentiator so from that perspective artificial 
intelligence, data science, data analytics again an emergent project nothing in the 
immediately but over a period of time unless one thinks about it today those kind of things 
will take longer time tomorrow to shape up therefore predictive diagnostics greater 
capability to engage and create a true brand equity, your thoughts on that? 
Ameera Shah: 
Absolutely again if you see obviously a lot of interesting concepts but some of them also 
land up becoming buzz words and we are trying to make sure that we differentiate between 
the buzzwords and what we genuinely believe will help us do better in our business so there 
are two areas that we genuinely believe will help, one area is creating this digital ease from 
a patient and consumer perspective right and how do you create engagement like they have 
in other fact of their life be it retail or be a banking or be a telecom or whatever else and 
how can we create that ease of working with Metropolis and engaging with us so that is 
number one. The second is the other stakeholders in the ecosystem how can we make life 
easier for them to engage and therefore makes them more addicted for a proven Metropolis 
brand. I think these are very clear opportunities. Now on the back end when we talk about 
artificial intelligence we talk about machine learning these are good concepts, but the 
question we must bring is where the advantage is. Now tomorrow can we use the data and 
the knowledge base that we enhanced as a group and use it to improve the quality of clinical 
diagnostics that we are doing using artificial intelligence, absolutely, it is possible do we 
have the data sets which are ready do we have the knowledge bases which are ready the 
reality is there are no companies which actually have it, they have to be built. So while we 
do have some amount of data on the back end you do not necessarily have these a 
pathologist who is today sitting and looking at reports and deciding whether okay this is a 
positive or a negative or a normal or abnormal how do you capture that pathologist 
knowledge and put it into a computer and enough data of that and therefore create artificial 
intelligence I think it is a journey that all of us will have to go through as diagnostic players 
what is the end goal of that, the end goal of it is that are you able to reduce your manpower 
cost on pathologists and be able to replace it with AI. Today if you look at the cost of 
pathologists as a percentage of our total cost base which is not very significant and therefore 
I am not sure whether this particular thing from a productivity basis is going to impact us in 
a large way in the long term from a quality or diagnostic basis can it help the answer is yes. 
So there are efforts on our side to work on some of these projects which we believe will be 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 23 of 25 
slightly more mid to long-term, but the work has already begun in terms of what we are 
working on at the backend. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure now because artificial intelligence while the level they are stuck but it is increasingly 
becoming more synthetic rather than remaining on the artificial and to that extent I think the 
strides being made are probably faster than one may wish to acknowledge. The last part is 
were any of our technology systems were attacked because they have been a lot of 
malicious attacks and in a business that we are in and very sensitive field particularly 
malicious attacks can leave us vulnerable so have there been any attempts within the 
country or from outside or anything significant experience and kind of a path to protect 
oneself from? 
Ameera Shah: 
A good question absolutely I mean I think there were attempts of attacks on our system in 
August and September and we are happy to report that none of them were successful. Our 
system was strong enough to stop any such attacks having said that this is an area of 
continuous progress and improvement, hackers are getting smarter and therefore as 
companies we need to get smarter and therefore we have additionally as an extra precaution 
also engaged information security, data security experts to come and work with us in this 
quarter to evaluate and audit all our systems and help us to become even stronger, but we 
have been happy that at least whatever attempts were made thankfully was not successful. 
Bharat Shah: 
Just on the lighter note hackers are not getting smarter while they are probably rascals 
where they are among the smartest lot of people. Thank you Ameera. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will be able to take one last question; the last question is from 
the line of Anubhav Agarwal from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Couple of clarification Ameera, one is the service network that we have today what 
percentage of the revenues roughly comes from them I am talking about like once the non-
COVID business are normalized or let us say maybe in FY2021 what percent revenues are 
getting somewhere? 
Ameera Shah: 
What percentage or revenue are coming to us through our third-party network? 
Vijendra Singh: 
Third party in fact the contribution has been back to normal actually what we used to pre-
COVID days and in Q2 we have seen a good traction on third party as I said primarily since 
as I mentioned that strategy has been going closer to patient I think somewhere down the 
line with this expansion is helping us a lot in terms of where the patient does not want to 
travel far distance so they come down and using our third party centers. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
But Vijendra what will it be as a number like is it like less than 10%, 20%? 
Vijendra Singh: 
I think I can tell you that it is more than double digit but what we should look at is how 
third-party centers are growing. I think there has been a significant growth coming from 
third party at least in last quarter. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Okay and just one more question on your lab network utilization what kind of percentage 
utilization total processing capacity you are at let us say tomorrow there is a surge in 
antibody testing how are you placed for that? 
Vijendra Singh: 
So I think the first is that if you look at last four to five years we have not expanded our lab 
network, it is still at 124 labs, only marginal increase and with so much of expansion on 
third party I think we have been able to sustain what growth has come on account of the 
expansion and primarily because we had enough sort of capacity at the back end and still 
we are capable of handling any sort of growth like Ameera mentioned that in the month of 
September we had a growth about 45% and we were able to service through our current 
capacity. 
Ameera Shah: 
Specifically on COVID antibody luckily out of 125 labs I think quite large number have got 
the capability of doing immunoassay testing, which is the technology required for COVID 
antibody and therefore we feel like we are quite well set to be able to take advantage of 
antibody as it scales and of course it depends also on what TAT is going to be required 
usually this is not a critical test where you have to give a result in two hours or three hours 
but we believe we have infrastructure ready for that. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Sure thank you that is helpful. Just one last clarification your app now has improved 
dramatically the digital app what percentage of tests typically are you looking through the 
app now? 
Ameera Shah: 
Currently it is still small because the app as you know the improved app has only been 
launched recently we believe there is still a lot of good things to come and we will now be 
pushing it as we move forward. Currently the digital acquisition is happening more from a 
corporate portal thing versus the app, the app is also contributing to it, but it is still an 
insignificant number. As we move forward we will be happy to share by the end of the year 
some more details on the digital side of the business in terms of acquisitions in terms of you 
know the distinguishing between the portal the app etc., and give you a little bit more 
visibility. 
Anubhav Agarwal: 
Thank you I am done with my question. 

 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
November 11, 2020 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Ameera Shah: 
Thank you everybody for joining us today. We hope everybody continues to be healthy. As 
a company we are happy with our set of numbers and most importantly we continue to be 
excited for the next quarter. We think we are on strong financial fundamentals, our 
operating parameters are getting better thanks to the digitization and automation that we are 
doing and we are back into expansion mode as far as our network expansion and home 
services distribution goes and as we said we continue to evaluate good opportunities and 
hopefully we will be able to make one of those happen sooner than later fingers crossed and 
I think I just want to make sure that sort of everybody is fully aligned with us when we say 
that we will continue to put our best foot forward as far as COVID testing whether it is 
antibody, antigen or PCR testing, or the new technologies that come in and of course 
continuing to push the non-COVID business which is completely in our influence to be able 
to do that. Thank you again. Happy Diwali to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that conclude the conference. 
Thank you all for joining, you may now disconnect your lines. 
