 
 
 
 
 
 
E-filing 
 
SEC/1711/2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17th November, 2020 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
 
Kind Attn.: The Manager, Listing Dept. 
 
BSE Ltd.             
Corporate Relationship Department,  
27th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 532259      
 
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Dept.  
 
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Investors Concall Transcript – for Q2 FY 2020-21 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 and all other applicable regulations, if any, of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended from time to time. 
__________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
We are submitting herewith Concall transcript of Apar Industries Ltd. for Q2 FY 2020-
21 Earnings Conference Call made on November 06, 2020. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Apar Industries Ltd. 
 
 
(Harishkumar Malsatter) 
Assistant Manager – Secretarial & Legal 
 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office: APAR House, Corporate Park, V N Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, RC Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
HARISHKUMAR 
SHAMJI MALSATTER
Digitally signed by HARISHKUMAR SHAMJI MALSATTER 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=fe992165aa566f3cb7ea8f5629d02f131bb6188f45d58684b
dc41599ba65c8b7, 
2.5.4.20=e53e878071d899901b79cc428e2d162e64fa439a154c61da257
95ae409200a00, postalCode=390007, st=GUJARAT, 
serialNumber=d3ab76fe749fc4eb8b1153cdb29c1f0a53ca896fad0c8a6f
61c857cd83bd0131, cn=HARISHKUMAR SHAMJI MALSATTER 
Date: 2020.11.17 11:46:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
Apar Industries Limited 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Conference Call 
November 06, 2020 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Apar Industries Limited Q2 FY21 earnings 
conference call hosted by Four-S Services. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of 
today's presentation. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on their touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Samayak Jain of Four-S 
Services. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Samayak Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Four-S Services, I welcome all the 
participants to the Apar Industries Q2 FY21 earnings conference call. Today, on the 
conference, we have Mr. Kushal Desai - Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya 
Desai - Managing Director and Mr. V. C. Diwadkar - CFO, Apar Industries. I will now like to 
hand over the call to Mr. Desai for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: 
Thank you, Samayak. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to our Q2 FY21 
earnings call for Apar Industries. At the outset, I hope all of you are healthy and safe. Let me 
start the call with a quick update and then I will go into details of the segmental performance 
of the three businesses.  
 
So Q2 FY21 saw some amount of continued challenges of COVID-19, especially in the 
execution for domestic market. There has been a lower activity across domestic project sites 
in the second quarter and that of course is combined with what is the slower period due to 
the monsoon. There was minimal production in the railways and defense manufacturing 
facilities and a lot of tenders were deferred either from the lack of budgetary support at that 
point in time or the lack of meetings taking place for finalization between various central 
government and state government bodies. Transmission and railway tenders also has been 
postponed, many of them from April 2020 to sometime in the third quarter of 2021 which 
you hopefully see them coming to light, so putting these factors together, it has resulted in a 
lower domestic revenue and order booking, however, since we had already set our focus on 
increasing export revenues and especially for our specialty oil business with the location of 
Hamriyah plant it has actually helped us to counter some of the headwinds. We hope that in 
the second half, we will see tender activity pickup and some of it will clear the pent-up 
demand that is in place plus the government should hopefully, both central and state 

 
 
Page 2 of 22 
government, be able to allocate more money given that the GST collection has now come in 
reasonably well for the last 4 months. 
 
Now, coming more specifically to numbers in terms of our performance, in the second 
quarter of FY21, Apar posted consolidated revenues of Rs 1,482 crores which is 19% decline 
year-on-year and this was largely contributed by 29% decline on the domestic revenue side. 
Our export revenues were stable and actually grew as a percentage of the total sales 
contribution contributing to 42% of our total revenues compared to 34% from a year ago. 
There was a smart recovery in our specialty oil and lubricants volumes due to a strong 
demand as well as very large client base that we have developed over the years and EBITDA 
post FOREX adjustment came in at Rs 118 crores which is 8% higher than the same period 
previous year and the EBITDA margin is at 8% which is up 201 basis points compared to the 
same period previous year. 
 
Both the specialty oils and lubricant segment and the Conductor segment posted a higher 
profitability compared to the previous period in Q2. So profit after tax was at Rs 53 crores for 
the quarter which is up 58% year-on-year and one of the features that I could highlight in this 
is there has been a 56% decline in finance cost as the quarter saw lower rate and also some 
amount of improved working capital cycle. Some of it of course was contributed due to a 
lower topline, but a larger portion came from these other two factors.  
 
Looking at the first half H1 FY21, Apar posted a consolidated revenue of Rs 2,775 crores with 
an EBITDA of Rs 153 crores and a positive PAT of Rs 30 crores. The management reduced 
receivables and inventory in absolute terms by about Rs 609 crores across the divisions as 
you look at the closure of 30th September and we have also completely repaid all the 
moratorium and short-term funding that had been taken to tied over the initial months of the 
lockdown, so for all practical purposes by the end of September, our cash flows were 
absolutely back on course. 
 
In terms of couple of highlights in the Transmission and Distribution sector as such, so T&D 
companies won orders of approximately Rs 7000 crores in this quarter which is a marked 
reduction over the same period previous year. 22 TBCB based transmission projects are 
currently under construction as on September 2020 and we would imagine that activities 
would pick up pace in the second half for completing their execution. Most of these are for 
evacuation from infrastructure projects which are essentially renewable energy projects. Rs 
1.08 lakh crores of loans have been sanctioned under the liquidity package for the stressed 
DISCOMs of which Rs 30,000 crores has been so far disbursed. So the government is also 
working on some other systemic reforms like new draft electricity amendment bill 2020 that 
will recast the cost which are reflected and tariffs bring in compulsory smart metering, DBT, 
DISCOM privatization, financial discipline for DISCOMs etc., and if this happens, then it will be 
a huge step in the right direction using legislation. Also the government plan  for the Indian 

 
 
Page 3 of 22 
railway electrification still stands at completion by the financial year 2024 and 23,765 railway 
kilometers are still required to be converted. 
 
Coming onto the more specific segment wise performances, our Conductor revenue declined 
30% year-on-year and came in at Rs 628 crores in Q2 FY21. This was mainly due to the 48% 
decline in the domestic revenues and largely coming in from the COVID-19 related issues as I 
have explained earlier in terms of project sites and the work going on project sites which only 
started normalizing a little bit closer to the end of quarter. Exports declined marginally by 3% 
year-on-year, but still contributed to 56% of the revenues up from 40% in Q2 FY20. So overall 
volumes fell by 22% year-on-year to 33,797 metric tons. There was an improved demand for 
the copper transposed conductors used in the transformer industry and OPGW based on new 
approvals which we have obtained. EBITDA per metric ton post FOREX adjustment came in at 
Rs. 11,791 per metric ton compared to Rs. 7,789 per metric ton a year ago. If you look at the 
new order inflow, we had inflow of orders of about Rs 805 crores in the quarter which is 9% 
lower than same period previous year. The order book at 30th September 2020 was Rs 1698 
crores, 1700 crores for all practical purposes and orders in the pipeline are Rs 380 crores and 
these orders are basically where we are L1 and the formal order process or financial 
arrangements are still in the pipeline. 
 
When you look at the first half FY21, the conductor's revenues came in at Rs 1,337 crores 
down 30% year-on-year. EBITDA post FOREX adjustment came in at Rs. 9,071 per metric ton. 
The new order inflow in the first half was Rs 1,122 crores, so that is about 24% lower in the 
same period previous year. In the Conductor segment, we were able to reduce receivables 
and inventory to the tune of Rs 294 crores.  
 
Specialty oil revenue increased 5% year-on-year to Rs 599 crores driven by about 20% 
increase in our export revenues. We have achieved the highest Q2 sales volume over the last 
decade which came in at 1,13,897 kL which is 16% higher than the same period previous year. 
Exports contributed to 42% of the revenues compared to 36% a year ago. Our Hamriyah plant 
which I had mentioned earlier paid off in terms of strategy of having multiple locations in 
multiple countries was able to run at a capacity utilization of 98% for the quarter versus 65% 
in Q2 FY20 and we were also able to add several new customers to that site who wanted to 
de-risk their supply chain given that the COVID-19 numbers from India were kind of peaking 
towards the end of August, beginning of September. So white oil sales both in the domestic 
and export market was up by almost 50% year-on-year whereas transformer oil declined due 
to poor demand from the utilities and transformer OEMs for the same reasons as I had 
mentioned earlier in my opening remarks as well as with Conductor division. 
 
The auto lube side of the business and industrial lubricants have done quite well while the 
revenues are up 15% year-on-year. Our focus on the agriculture segment on the lubricant 
side where we supply to Eicher, Sonalika and Escorts; contributed to approximately 25% on 
the oil revenues versus 23% a year ago. We also gained from reasonably good recovery in the 

 
 
Page 4 of 22 
retail side led by increase in the volumes of tractors as well as two-wheelers. So if you look at 
the EBITDA per kL after FOREX adjustment, so that has increased by 130% over the previous 
year same quarter, so that came in at Rs. 6,538 per kL. Q1FY21 lockdown also created 
obviously ordering and supply disruptions and that caused a negative reflect in Q1 with 
higher price inventory, but the benefit of it came in Q2 as the orders got executed, but with a 
cheaper inventory level, so to that extent there has been some amount of an exceptional 
occurrence taking place due to this. 
 
If you look at the overall first half, the oil business posted a revenue of Rs 950 crores which is 
down 20% year-on-year. The EBITDA per kL post FOREX came in at Rs. 4,500 per kL which is 
still 32% higher than the same period previous year. When you look at reduction in terms of 
receivables and inventory, it came in at approximately Rs 94 crores. 
 
And finally if we look at the cable segment, so cable revenues declined by 31% and came in at 
Rs 254 crores. This was due to an overall low market demand. We did have a lot of delayed 
payments from EPC customers and some of the utilities and the competitive pricing resulted 
in quite a few unremunerative margins in particularly the commodity lower end of the power 
cable segment. The export revenues contributed to 12% of revenues. Power cables continued 
as I mentioned to be highly competitive. The elasto and e-beam cable also was affected due 
to the lack of production as the factories of railways and defense were in the first half, they 
have run at less than 10% capacity. Our expectation is that in the second half, we will start 
picking up, but some of the orders have been pushed back to the first quarter of next year, 
which is from April onwards. 
 
The Solar sector projects were low in the first half, but towards the end, tha t means from 
September month onwards they have started picking up. So we expect a much better order 
flow and it has already started from the month of October for the solar DC cables. The optical 
fiber and telecom side also saw relatively lower offtake. There has been a deferment of 
deliveries in a few cases. The EBITDA margin post FOREX came in at about 4.4% versus 11.2% 
in the previous year. The export order booking for the second half however is a lot better on 
the cable side.  
 
In the first half, FY21, cables posted a total revenue of Rs 504 crores which is 34% down 
compared to the previous year and the EBITDA margin posted was 3.7%. There has been a 
reduction of Rs 221 crores in receivables and inventories.  
 
So just to summarize, going ahead in the second half FY21, we expect definitely better 
tendering to be in place compared to the first half. We are also expecting a higher utilization 
in the railways and defense facilities. Revival in demand has already showing signs of picking 
up in the mining sector, the wind power as well as the solar segments. Our execution of 
export orders will also improve in the second half, especially in the cable business as I 
mentioned earlier. So with this, I come to the end of my comments. I would like to thank all 

 
 
Page 5 of 22 
of you for joining our call and wish you good health. We would like to just open up the floor 
for questions if any. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pratiksha Daftari from Aequitas. Please go ahead. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
So my first question is with respect to Conductor segment, so now that order inflow is more 
tilted towards export, I wanted to know how is the margin profile for these export order and 
how does it compare to our existing business and whether the working capital requirement 
or the days for this business would be higher as compared to our existing? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Generally, our export business has been giving us better margins than the domes tic business 
on the Conductor side. The only problem we see is that the government of India is 
undergoing a transition with regard to the export refund scheme for certain taxes. Earlier, it 
was in the form of MEIS scheme. Now, they have said they will have a sunset for that and 
they will introduce a new scheme, so we are not clear as to what the new scheme in terms of 
the numbers will be compared to the existing scheme, so there is a possibility that there 
could be some different kind of rate that they have fixed up, so that we will know in a due 
course of time and with regard to working capital cycle, generally for the export is a little 
higher, but the rate of interest cost is lower compared to the domestic side. So overall 
finance cost per say is actually reduced and also we don’t have to hedge in terms of the 
export because of the natural hedge we are buying raw materials in dollars and selling also in 
dollar terms. So the hedging cost is somewhat reduced in the export compared to the 
domestic whether we buy from Indian producers or we buy from the duty paid imports, they 
have all back to the LME rate which is in dollars, so we have to take up forward cover also for 
that and we have to incur the cost of the rupee, dollar as it fluctuates. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And like good margins has been better this quarter for Conductor segment, our EBITDA 
margins have been about 6%, do we think that this margins are sustainable considering that 
our metal prices in general are going up, the key raw material prices are going up and would 
we be able to like  sustain these margins in H2? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Basically, we have hedging mechanism for the raw materials and our entire business model is 
based on the value addition on the raw material, so we typically take back to back hedging 
position against the orders that we take, so as such even if the metal prices are high or low, it 
does not really make a difference for us. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
So those margin improvements would be like because of cost optimization? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes, one part is of course to do with the order mix because now in the Conductor business we 
have not just the conventional conductors, but we also have other types of products that we 
have introduced over a period of time, so that has contributed to some extent and also 

 
 
Page 6 of 22 
certain cost we had to reduce with COVID situation and the lockdown, so we have taken 
certain steps to reduce our operating cost. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And with respect to volumes, what I have, last year we have done average quarterly volumes 
of 40,000 tons, so do we expect to get something close by say Q4 or this year volumes will be 
substantially lower? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
As things stand they look like they will be lower, because in India lot of the tendering has got 
postponed, so we will be taking somewhat of a reduction in volume on the local business. We 
are trying our best to try and make up on the export side, but probably net-net, we may still 
see a reduction in the volume and also some of the other businesses where railways are 
involved and all, there has also been slowdown basically, so a lot will depend on how quickly 
people want to catch up on the 6 months which are practically been lost.  
Kushal Desai:                            So if you see the plan, we are approximately 140,000 tons we had planned for the year and if 
you see the first half, it has come in at around 66,000 tons. Pro rata basis, it is a little bit 
lower. As Chaitanya said here, there is just some uncertainty in terms of exactly the call of 
that will happen. Our sense is that second half activity will pick up because the corona virus 
situation has improved to some extent and I think the arbitrariness in the way in which 
project size would be handled pre-September, I think that also had settled down, so hopefully 
we don’t have a huge spike after Diwali, which disrupts things, but otherwise I think the 
second half should look a bit better. It is difficult to take exactly what it would look like, but 
the general trend looks like it should be a bit better. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
That is great to know. So on the interest, but I think it is commendable reduction and cost of 
40 crores over the  quarter was great number, but I just wanted to know that now that we 
are expecting that in general the activity will improve in H2 and the business in general will 
pick up, how much of this interest reduction is going to be sustainable? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
This interest is sustainable actually, but if we do more business, then more working capital 
will be required, that is true. 
Kushal Desai: 
If you just look at the whole first half situation, the revenues had been down by about 20%, 
whereas the interest cost has been significantly reduced, so it is some on account of 2 fronts, 
one is lower interest rate itself and secondly more discipline in terms of the whole working 
capital cycle, so being more selective in terms of who we do business with, what are the 
payment terms, inventory optimization, all that sort of stuff. So there is a certain portion as 
Mr. Diwadkar said which is sustainable. Only 20% of it has come down on account of the 
volume which was lower or rather the value which was lower. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And sir, if you could just give us the non-fund based limit number along with the breakup? 

 
 
Page 7 of 22 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
I will just give you. The total non-funded number, interest bearing is Rs 916 crores, out of that 
Rs 578 crores is LIBOR based and Rs 338 crores is domestic. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And sir, now this year, this 6-month period, our balance sheet shows that there has been 
increase in short-term debt, so are we moving onto a model where we will be taking more of 
fund based limits and maybe we are reducing non-fund based limits or is there…? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
No, it is not like that actually, it was before for the initial COVID period, we had moratorium 
finance and that moratorium finance later on, because it was costly. The moratorium finance 
the bank gave, but that was costing 10.8%, so we did a buyers’ credit of 5.4% actually and 
repaid the moratorium finally, but our model will remain same as the suppliers credit  what 
we have been doing actually, the same model will continue more or less. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Sir, with respect to oil segment, so how much was the decline in transformer oil revenues? 
Kushal Desai: 
Decline in transformer oil volume was mainly in domestic. Domestic was down a little over 
16% in the second quarter compared to the same period previous year, but it was more than 
made up by whatever happened, the applications where white oils and pharmaceutical oils 
go into, even they go into medical formulations, food packaging, all these areas we saw 
substantial increase. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And sir, this margins now you said that Q1 we have high priced inventory in the raw material 
cost and Q2 we had lower priced and there is an exceptional gain here, so how do you see 
this margins normalizing? 
Kushal Desai: 
That is why I mentioned that the average that we see in the first half is what we pretty much 
are at that level even in Q3 now. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
So average margins of H1 is sustainable? 
Kushal Desai: 
At least yes, so far the Q3 seems to be also pretty much in that line. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And sir, what about our new client, I mean the volume that have come from the new clients 
and there is a sudden surge in utilization in Hamriyah, is this because the COVID disruption or 
we would be able to retain these client  and these volumes? 
Kushal Desai: 
Several of our existing clients also became new clients for that facility because people wanted 
to, our customers are always looking now at the supply chain risk. Also, there is an acute 
shortage of containers and the freight rates have substantially gone up and India has seen a 
relatively higher increase in freight rates compared to other locations. So when you look at 
the whole analysis of things, risk mitigation just in terms of location versus delivery etc., 
customers etc., we are one of the few who is able to provide out of India , two alternate 
locations which are unconnected to each other in terms of supply chain risk. So we have 

 
 
Page 8 of 22 
gained market share as well as the business has got split a little bit between India and 
Hamriyah, so the two effects have happened. So one is, we signed on new clients and this is 
an absolute increase with clients and secondly, there has been some movement out of India 
into Hamriyah as part of risk mitigation strategy that customers have had. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And sir, with respect to working capital requirement, I think this segment has been the one 
which has the highest working capital requirement in terms of days , so how is that fairing? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
It has improved actually. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
What would be days like in this segment? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
76 days, debtors and inventory, 51 days. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And this would compare to earlier of? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
About 4-5 days improvement is there as far as debtors is concerned and further you will be 
able to see some actions have been taken, actually some decisions have been taken, the 
impact of that you will be able to see in Q3 and Q4. 
Kushal Desai: 
The inventory also includes the inventory which is in transit, so what we have got on the 
ground actually is less than 30 days today and you have about 30 days of inventory on the 
high seas for goods in coming into the three manufacturing plants again. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
And sir, my last question, sir we know what we have understood is that the overall orders in 
T&D has gone down and the release package for DISCOMs, what we have understood is that 
the disbursement is really low, since most of our business is dependent on power sector, lot 
of our segments are dependent there, how do you feel is going to be the demand in medium 
term from this segment? Do we see any material change happening which could help us or 
adversely impact us? 
Kushal Desai: 
Our exposure is much more to the transmission sector and distribution. The transmission 
sector still seems to be relatively in a better position. The state governments have actually 
gone in and kind of frozen any expenditure happening for some period of time because there 
was a huge allocation that they had to make for fighting the coronavirus related issues in the 
absence of the GST payments coming in from the central government. Now, with the central 
government, the GST collections having improved and they have already started releasing 
money to the state plus there is some discussion going on and the few states have already 
started borrowing from the GST window that has been created for funding, our sense is that 
the transmission projects will come back on track lot faster than the distribution. So on the 
distribution side, we really have only the cable business which has a direct impact and off 
that the bulk of our cable revenues come from 3 states as far as the distribution companies is 

 
 
Page 9 of 22 
concerned which is Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka and to some extent Kerala. So these 
three states are relatively not in such a bad position as far as the DISCOM is concerned. 
Gujarat, the DISCOMs have traditionally been profitable and in Karnataka, lot of our work 
goes on between Bangalore with B and Mangalore with an M and those are fairly profitable 
hubs in Karnataka. So there will be some impact, but it is not going to result in derailing 
whatever business that we are seeing on that front. Our concern has been more on the cable 
side on two fronts, one is the general demand has been relatively affected and secondly, a 
very profitable portion of our business for supply to the railways and the defense sector and 
because no production has been happening over there, it is less than 10% for 6 months. 
Activities have started picking up, but you got a lot of deferment in supplies happening, so I 
think that is where we see a bigger red flag than any problem on the utility distribution side. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
So sir, how soon do we expect the transform activity to pick up and what would be our trigger 
point for railway and defense for their production to pick up, like you are saying that it is 10%, 
so? 
Kushal Desai: 
I think the question on the defense and railways that is really anybody's guess. Private sector, 
our plants are running at the full capacity from middle of May, these guys are struggling to 
follow all the norms which the government has set for all the manufacturing companies in 
terms of the precautions to be taken etc., but having said that lot of the plants are located in 
the Eastern part of India and in the South, ICF for example is in Chennai, so there the 
coronavirus situation also has improved, so our sense is that it will start picking up. Definitely, 
Q4 will have big impact and I am sure they will run on overtime and churn out a lot of stuff, 
but difficult to exactly predict. All I can say is that it will be much higher in second half than in 
the first half 
Chaitanya Desai:               
 And on the transmission part of it, what we see is that it has been more delayed due to 
procedure aspects with regard to opening tenders. It is not stuck up because of financing and 
typically these are tariff-based competitive bidding projects whereas the finance will be not 
from the central government, they will be again based on bank financing of people like Adani 
Grid, Sterlite Grid and Power Grid  and some of their other boot operators. So to a large 
extent, it is just a procedure of also physical meeting and awarding and things like that. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Sir, typically for us to benefit, I am assuming there will be some delay, like first the tendering 
has to begin and then order flowing to us and our execution….. 
Kushal Desai: 
That is why we feel that the second half will be better than the first half, but we are 
continuing to concentrate more on some of the export projects where the part seems to be 
clear and the orders have already come into the system. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Maulik Patel from Equirus Securities . Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Maulik Patel: 
Just a few book keeping questions, lot of questions are already answered, so what are the 
CAPEX we are looking for this year and the next year? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Maulik, we have already incurred about Rs 17 crores CAPEX and not much CAPEX is now 
planned actually at the most another Rs 15 crores, I will say. 
Maulik Patel: 
So this is for this financial year, anything you have planned for the next financial year? 
Kushal Desai: 
Maulik, there are no major projects which are there. If you take maintenance CAPEX and 
everything put together, it would probably be in the range of around Rs 40 odd crores. 
Maulik Patel: 
Sir, the question is in the context of the last two years, not this year, but the previous two 
years we invested a lot into the creation of the facilities and others and now given, so are we 
looking to reduce our long-term debt in next two years significantly from the current level? 
Kushal Desai: 
Whatever long-term debt we have, in the next couple of years, it will be largely paid off. 
There is one ECB that we have is a little bit longer term, but as due days come for this, we 
intend to pay it off and then not likely to have to take any more debt on. So we are on a debt 
reduction mission as opposed to needing any further long-term borrowing as such. 
Maulik Patel: 
My second question is that, given this all pandemic and the way the things are working, have 
you seen any of your business particularly from the export that the competition from the 
China is lower or the buyers are preferring more about non-Chinese players, something that 
you have observed? 
Kushal Desai: 
So If I just run through both the conductors and cable business, are the ones which have been 
facing competition from China as such. One thing on the cable side is tha t the inquiry levels 
have substantially gone up and it has translated in some amount of business coming and we 
believe that it is as the expense of diversifying the supply chain related to China, but I think 
the bigger kicker will come in when customers are at a position to travel here and complete 
doing all their diligence because we have done whatever due diligence has been done with 
customers, have been done all online where with cameras moving around and equipment 
and things like that. So the work has already started and there is a definite interest in terms 
of diversifying supply chains away from China, but customers need to establish that not only 
quality, but even delivery and things like that are all falling in place, so we see a longer-term 
trend for sure. 
Maulik Patel: 
So that is more prevalent under the cable business, right? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, in our oil business, we don’t compete with the Chinese at all. The Chinese are very 
internally focused. The conductor side, there is competition in certain markets outside India 
while the Chinese have been active, but the sense we get is that the clients are, if other 

 
 
Page 11 of 22 
things be equal, they would prefer to buy from may be an India party compared to a Chinese. 
That is from trust point of view. One of the markets where you will see the clear benefit and 
our tenders, quotation, discussions have reached significantly more serious levels, has been 
in Australia. You see the Australian business on the cable side substantially increasing in FY21 
compared to FY20 in spite of all the other limitations that I mentioned and in some of the 
other places also I would imagine that this will take place. So I wouldn't bank on some huge 
numbers changing in Q3 and Q4, but this trend is a trend which is definitely going to be in our 
favor and we are working as hard as we can in terms of putting more and more resources 
under the export side to build that part of the business and in the longer term I am sure that 
business will shift in our businesses from China to Indian companies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Patwa from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Sir, I wanted some book keeping numbers, what would be the amount of LC and guarantees? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
The total LCs are 916 crores. Out of that 578 crores is LIBOR base and 338 crores is domestic. 
These are interest bearing LCs, correct. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
So this has come down sharply, sir? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Yes, it has come down. 
Kushal Desai: 
Saurabh, 30% of it has come down only because of the volume which is lower, but in some of 
the cases, as the cash flow has improved domestic purchases and even from the export 
purchases, smaller purchases we are just taking on a direct basis without opening letters of 
credit. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
So historically last 3-4 years, what has happened is I think we have seen improvement in 
Conductor business, especially in terms of EBITDA per ton, but our incremental financial 
charges are actually negated that positive impact, so I think in this quarters, financial charges 
were I think less but least in last 3 years or may be actually, so what is the kind of trend you 
are seeing or there is any change in strategy or in terms of market conditions? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
We have tightened our working capital, overall actually as far as debtors are concerned, 
inventory which earlier also Kushalbhai mentioned actually, so you will see this trend actually, 
whatever you have seen in this quarter and the last quarter also, we will see this trend going 
forward actually. We also said that we are having more focus on the working capital. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Because our debt has been coming down, but this LC based part has actually negative almost 
positive thing. I am not saying about this quarter, something in last 3 years or so, the trend 
has? 

 
 
Page 12 of 22 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
I agree with you actually. Earlier that trend was there actually, whereas finance cost has 
increased actually, so now you will see that the finance cost is going down. 
Kushal Desai: 
One of the things Saurabh that you may have even picked up from the last call that we had in 
the call before that, this was before the pandemic even hit that, we had already put a plan in 
place to make sure that our finance cost came down and the total working capital cycle 
became more efficient and we were prepared to drop the bottom end of the business if that 
was required in order to achieve this particular objective. So we have actually gone in and 
executed it, so you will see that to some extent the business volumes also have suffered. On 
the cable side itself, if you take some of the customers where the orders were relatively large 
for 200 crore of business, we have not pursued, even though we were at the final stage and 
customer wanted to place the order on us because we couldn’t agree on the right 
commercial terms, etc. I think slowly larger players who will also burn themselves if they 
don’t follow this discipline will start falling in line because the banks have become very tight 
in terms of extending credit for dues which are beyond 90 days etc. This discipline is 
something which we had already started. That is why the benefits of it have shown up in the 
first half of this year, but if something which we want to go forward with that. In fact, in the 
previous question also I had mentioned that the reduction in the interest cost is much more 
than 30% which is the reduction in the sales value that we have had. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Sir, I also wanted to understand our strategy on the cable part, so the drop has been sharp, 
but many of these projects now there is a competition increasing which from other e-beam 
cables, plant being added in the country, so may be some 3-4 years down the line, how do 
you think the competitor scenario and how do we see ourselves? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, the competition has increased on that front, but we have done two things to secure our 
own volume. One is that we have started expanding our footprint outside India for the same 
sets of cable including solar cables and other e-beam cables. The second thing is we have 
forward integrated into doing railway harnesses, so that gives us much bigger leverage 
because you are using our own cables to then provide value added service to the various 
locomotive companies as well as the coach companies. So the harness business also will help 
so that is another additional source of growth using the same e-beam cables, but the cables 
are cut and put together in a ready to use frame, just like how you have harness for cars, 
where company like Motherson Sumi being leaders in that space. We are the first guys to get 
approval from JBM for the electric vehicles, the buses, so we got the first order of 99 buses 
and that is to be followed by another 140, so that also we are supplying an electric harness, 
the cable in the harness form to JBM. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
Sir, if I can just last one more question if I can just add on, sir, in this Hamriyah, now we are 
reaching our utilization level which we were always targeting and I think our presentation 
also mentioned that large part of it is also due to new customer addition, so would it be fair 
to assume that going forward, so are the initial target when we were setting up the plant was 

 
 
Page 13 of 22 
that we were moving the export demand to Hamriyah and we will focus more on the 
domestic market, are we nearing that thought process? 
Kushal Desai: 
Not entirely Saurabh in the sense, our idea is to utilize our Indian capacities and then 
Hamriyah capacities incremental. Some of the cannibalization has taken place to win overall 
share of business from customers by providing de-risked supply chain which none of the 
other Indian competitors of ours has been able to provide. If you see the Hamriyah capacity 
for the quarter was 98%, for the half year it is 76% and we can actually look at 
debottlenecking and produce more over there with minimal investments in piping and other 
things, so we will do that as and when it comes up. The other thing that we revolve to is that 
certain product lines which we are executing now out of India where the products are of 
higher value and more specialized and we moved some of the more commodity products of 
white oil etc., to Hamriyah which they can execute reasonably efficiently. So one of the things 
that has been demonstrated in this quarter is, if we look at the fixed cost structure of 
Hamriyah, even though they ran at about 98% capacity compared to the previous quarter 
which was in the mid  50s, the cost structure hasn't changed very much because the plant is 
highly automated whereas in our Indian plants if we were to step up that kind of production, 
there is almost a linear increase that happens on the variable cost front. So we expect to 
continue to push as much of the commodity business of white oils and certain geographic 
spread to the Hamriyah plant and we are using the most specialized infrastructure here to do 
more specialty grades out of India. So you still see both the plants export happening from 
both locations. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
But then this will increase our blended margins compared to our historical say like what we 
used to make between like 4500-5500 what was generally the average, so does this make a 
longer term, medium term change to this, so obviously last two years have been weak, but? 
Kushal Desai: 
It absolutely should. In the last two years, we have had finance cost and FOREX changes 
affecting this. More and more volume we do out of Hamriyah, they are also immune to any of 
the FOREX recognition related things because the whole business is a dollar run business. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
And also as you mentioned that the fixed cost of Hamriyah was same even 2 years? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, because the plant was extremely automated. It is significantly more automated tha n the 
transformer oil, white oil facility we have here in India. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
So the more we do, more beneficial it is and vice versa? 
Kushal Desai: 
Hardly, when you increase your production from the mid-50s to 98, it gives an addition of 
around 10-12 people in total at the lowest level. We had added some forklift operators, 
things like that. The rest of it, the management staff remains exactly the same, because he is 
just sitting in front of computer terminals and just processing more volume. 

 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Upadhyay from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Sir, if I go by your presentation, then HEC revenue share during the quarter has fallen to 13% 
compared to 15%  year-on-year, even our copper conductor for the railways have contributed 
only 5% vis-à-vis 22. Broadly, if I see there is a higher margin contributing product 
composition has come down during the year, but instead of this the EBITDA per metric ton 
has gone up, could you throw some light on this part sir, which are the things which are 
missing out here? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
This is because of the per order profitability. See, we have cut down some customers where 
the margins were lower actually, but we said that we will go away with this business, but we 
will not take the lower margin business. So you are right actually, the conventional conductor 
and rod business, profitability has improved, also it has to do something with the cost 
reduction actually. Lot of cost reduction initiatives were taken, actually pre -COVID and after 
COVID also obviously during that period, so that has also helped this. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Second sir, in the outlook on the domestic transmission oil, because what has been yes, I am 
like we have been suffering in terms of gaining margin in this segment and even in the 
current quarter, if the exports business which has done extremely well, but the transformer 
oil within the domestic is something which is suffering. On the other hand, we are seeing 
much better traction across the white oil and the lubricant segment, so any long-term 
business decision which we are planning to have so that to shift our focus more towards the 
non-transformer oil segment or will continue to have our strategy 50-50 across the 
transformer and non-transformer? 
Kushal Desai: 
So to tell you honestly, the volume which is coming out of the different segments, they are 
not interdependent. We can follow an independent volume on transformer oil versus on 
white oil and lubricants, so we have consciously been trying to grow our lubricant volumes 
and we have been succeeding in doing that. In terms of transformer oil, the domestic 
demand itself has been soft and then as you may have heard earlier, we put a lot of more 
discipline in place in terms of financials and even profitability that we would want a minimum 
profitability, so customers, who we are not able to get that from, we have decided to just 
allow that business to just fall off. So in the half year, the profitability of our transformer oil 
business also has gone up commensurately. That is how, because it is still a chunk of the total 
amount of volume that we do. It is around 34% of the total oil business that we have. So the 
profitability on that also has gone up and we will continue to follow this because as we 
mentioned before this year started that if some volumes have to fall, we are okay with it, but 
we have to concentrate on a profitability and return on equity, equity return on capital 
employed. We are following through on that. 

 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
So one-off benefit which we had this year was it applicable across oil segment for both the 
lubricants and industrial as well? 
Kushal Desai: 
No, actually the lubricant doesn’t have that. It happened more in the case of transformer oil 
and to some extent the white oil. It is actually pretty simple in the sense that you had orders 
which you were suppose to execute in the first quarter, but customers were not able to take 
the product because of lockdowns and various other related issues. So they deferred the 
schedule into the second quarter. In the mean time, we booked new business in the first 
quarter, which obviously had to carry prices that were more competitive and prevailing in 
that period, so we used more expensive raw material to service the cheaper price order and 
then when these got deferred into the next quarter, we used the lower price raw material 
which came from the lower crude prices, etc., and executed those deferred orders, so as the 
consequence to be fair we have been saying that we want to evaluate the profitability of the 
business, it is better to look at it for the half year, but this impact is actually something where 
you can ignore when you look at the half year and whatever we have done in the half year, 
we are seeing the similar kind of profitability in the Q3 as we speak today. Q4 is again a little 
open here where new US president is going to come in, we don’t know what the impact will 
be of these lockdowns and things in overseas countries because all of these has fairly 
sensitive bearing on prices of crude and crude production and things like that. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
And sir, on your order book within the conductor segment, can you just give us a breakup, 
how much would be the high margins and how much would be the conventional one or as 
Mr. Diwadkar said, see now because of this change in the business metric, even the rod 
business have now better margin, so we should assume that this entire order now comes 
under the high margin segment? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Yes, but still if you want actually, the HTLS conductor order for Rs 329 crores and copper 
railway conductor orders is about Rs 95 crores out of the total order book of about Rs 1700 
crores. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
329 for? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
1700 crores total order book. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
329 was for? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
HTLS. 
Kushal Desai: 
It is same as HEC. 

 
 
Page 16 of 22 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
And copper railway is 95 crores because the railway tenders have got postponed as we said 
earlier, they are not able to work virtual, they require personal meetings and all the things, so 
for us it will start in this Q3. 
Anuj Updhyay: 
Lastly sir, in your slide where you have mentioned about the capital employed across various 
segment, it is showing that the capital employed across the conductor segment has almost 
gone up by 2.5x from 200 odd crores in June 22, it is like 490 crores? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Actually, see there, whatever we show as current liabilities, they are interest bearing liability, 
so we do not look too much. What has happened actually, we have paid out the current 
liability. Lot of current liabilities we have paid out during this period and further you will see 
during this October, November, December also we will be paying off some of the liabilities. As 
you are seeing, the LC number also has come down. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Yes sir, that have come down significantly and if I can add one more sir, lastly on the renewal 
space, are we seeing any traction sir, across the solar and wind for our e-beam segment? 
Kushal Desai: 
As I mentioned, yes we are seeing more traction now starting to come on both the segments, 
from September onwards we started getting increased orders on the solar DC cables. They 
are the cables which are used for the panel wiring. It wires the panels of the, where we are 
the largest producers in the country of that. So that business has started kicking in and our 
expectation is that it will do very well compared to the first half in the second half. The 
project size are pretty clear today for execution and most solar size don’t require more than 6 
months in terms of execution cycle from start to finish. So you will see a lot of activity 
happening in solar in the second half and the activity in wind also has started picking up 
where order inflow from Suzlon, Gamesa all these guys have started increasing, so both those 
segments will do lot better in the second half compared to the first half. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adit Shah from Vibrant Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Adit Shah: 
My first question is that Rs 53 crores is perhaps the highest ever quarterly profits which we 
have reported as a company and it is commendable considering that the revenues are much 
below our highest ever also in terms of the volumes and one of the biggest reasons has been 
the significant reduction in the interest cost. So what I understand is that there is no change 
in the way the business in terms of the dynamics. It is just that we are being more cognizant 
in terms of the kind of orders which we take in terms of the creditors and basically low 
receivables days, is my understanding correct? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Correct. Two three other impacts are there, rate impact is also there, commodity price impact 
is also there plus what specific actions which we have taken which earlier we have discussed 

 
 
Page 17 of 22 
that we have done away with some marginal customers actually where the final cost was 
higher and the margins were lower. 
Adit Shah: 
So effectively, LIBOR movement is not in our hand neither commodity prices, so that impact 
may get negated, but the one which we are doing from our end would be sustainable, that is 
what I am saying, I get that. Sir, do you have any guess on whatever interest cost could be on 
a quarterly basis around 40 crores less than that or it is very difficult to say that? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
Again, this is driven by the interest cost. As you rightly said, nobody can predict what will be 
interest cost actually, but if this remains like this only, it should be below Rs 40 crores. 
Adit Shah: 
Sir, one question is that we had released a lot of capital, most than 600 crores to reduction in 
the inventory and receivables, however, we actually repaid more than that and actually took 
up borrowing on the balance sheet in terms of short-term borrowing. So what the idea 
because of just arbitrage, the short term borrowing was at a lower cost, so it is better to 
repay the creditors? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
See, some of these liabilities when they become due, you have to pay, so we have paid those 
and the LC liabilities have gone down actually. 
Adit Shah: 
Sir, my second question would be in terms of segments, you have mentioned for the 
conductors you are budgeting for 1,40,000 tons for the year which we should be on track, can 
you sort of suggest similar guidance for may be oil what we expect in the second half and also 
cables, is it possible or no? 
Kushal Desai: 
Our original plan was to do 1,40,000 for conductor, we don’t know exactly where we will end 
up. We have ended up doing 66,000 in the first half, so we believe that the second half 
should be better, but at this stage to give a  guidance it will be a little bit difficult. The only 
trend which we can give probably is that is the second half looks to be better than the first 
half in terms of volumes as things are done of settling down and obviously the first two 
months was a big drag. Things picked up in the next couple of months where some of the 
backlog was cleared, but generally we see second half being better than the first half. 
Adit Shah: 
Sir, my second question would be that if I look at your business segment wise, we see that 
the cable as a relatively weak export franchisee in terms of the share. Is there any particular 
reason for that in terms of the kind of products which we are making? Are they not suitable 
for international standards or is it that we have not focused on international market? Do you 
want to add any comments there? 
Kushal Desai: 
Traditionally, our exports in the cable business were happening more into Africa and we had 
ridden on the back of our Conductor business and approvals which we had in Africa, lot of 
world bank and African development bank aided projects and things, so today we are actually 

 
 
Page 18 of 22 
expanding our cable footprint to cover countries like Australia, the United States and other 
places whereas specially we see that predominantly in the past, Chinese companies have 
been primary suppliers and where there is an opportunity, there has opened up. So we 
started focusing on our cable export business from the December ending quarter of last year. 
This is September-December quarter where we have two new sales people added just before 
the lockdown started, so there is a significantly increased focus on the export business. It is 
just that difficult for customers to come and do inspections etc., business has started, but I 
think it will accelerate as the quarters go by and especially once travel opens up because if 
you want to buy high value critical type of products, you obviously want to have a much 
better look and feel in terms of the manufacturing facilities and the infrastructure which we 
have and things like that. So in fact to some extent, China is benefiting because of the lack of 
people being able to do all the diligence properly. Once the diligence starts, I think companies 
like us and countries like us will be able to accelerate this transition. 
Adit Shah: 
And sir, do you think that export business within cables would be in terms of profitability at 
par with the domestic business or better? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, it should be in the same range, if not better for, may be even better in terms of working 
capital for sure because many of these are all LC based sort of transactions and the customers 
are dealing with many of them are big EPC players and also utility. So that is the reason why 
profitability in the export markets should be lower than like-to-like products in the domestic. 
Adit Shah: 
I get that sir and is there any opportunity with niche sectors in cables like defense what you 
do in India or that is too far away? 
Kushal Desai: 
No, I think that would be a bit utopian for us to think that would come about because the big 
defense providers come from the United States, Russia, France, these sort of places, so the 
defense is going to be largely an Indian thing. Of course, we are going to see increased 
business there because this make in India has been actually accelerating and then we have 
done many more than 50 prototypes for the various armed forces, that is navy and even the 
army of different types of cables and things, so they are all under testing at various stages 
because defense is a long cycle business. We will pick up, but that business will be domestic, 
our e-beam cables and the other power cables we expect are larger share to come from over 
the next couple of years. 
Adit Shah: 
Do you want to comment on the new products which we have launched over the last 12 to 18 
months like the one for transformer? 
Kushal Desai: 
It is also CTC copper transpose conductors. In my opening remarks, I had mentioned that 
these are getting more and more approvals from the transformer manufacturers and the 
utilities. In fact, that effort has been significantly slowed down because of the lack of being 
able to travel and meet, but in spite of all that we have got more and more people approving 

 
 
Page 19 of 22 
where the process was started prior to the lockdown. We are following through on it, 
approvals are coming through, so you will see a jump in the business of the copper transpose 
conductors. Similarly, we will benefit from the OPGW product line because significant 
competition was coming from Chinese manufacturers in that and with the new rules which 
are in place, we have almost excluded from being able to quote on the business. As the 
tenders are coming up, the share of business which we will gain will be much higher. 
Adit Shah: 
And sir, the rod thing is like intermediate product in the conductor value chain, is that what it 
is? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Part of it is and part of it is actually going into other applications which are not through the 
electrical field, more the mechanical products. 
Adit Shah: 
Sir, is there any opportunity there to focus there also or is it like more tactical and optimistic 
in terms of rod business? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
We have been doing this business, but it has been gradually increasing over the years, so that 
is more sustainable business with better margins also, so we would be concentrating on it, 
but it is a relatively more niche product. 
Adit Shah: 
Sir, on the oil business, you had mentioned that the India facilities are not as mechanized 
versus the Hamriyah and there is much more operating leverage there, so we don’t plan to 
do that investments in India and make it at par? Is it not feasible? 
Kushal Desai: 
It is not that this is not feasible, it is just that the CAPEX involved is fairly huge, so we look at 
the cost benefits, it make sense to continue to operate in India the way we are and move to 
more specialized products where the volume runs are little smaller, more SKUs, those sort of 
things whereas in Hamriyah you get a very good operating leverage because the plant is very 
automated. When you go from 50 to 100% capacity, then cost is only very incremental. Here 
it would be more linear, so we are trying to utilize that. The specific question was that how 
are we going to operate between the two plants in terms of export, customers, etc., so you 
can use the two plants on a complimentary basis. 
Adit Shah: 
Sir, one more thing which I just noticed on the linked in page is that we have something on 
Arkos-based branded two-wheeler batteries and lubricants, do you want to sort of, what 
exactly is that business? Are we tying up with the Singapore based company because you 
already have relationship with Eni do you want to comment on this? 
Kushal Desai: 
The Arcos-based products are those, we have brand leverage on that brand which we are 
bringing in, so we used to do some amount of retail in the case of power oil and the power oil 
brand has a connotation of basically an oil and largely a transformer oil where we are very 
famous for that brand and we wanted to look at extending products across different car care 

 
 
Page 20 of 22 
segments etc., so the first product that we have actually brought on and experimented with is 
two-wheeler batteries and we will be talking much more about it in the coming quarters 
because we just launched and it got launched just pre-COVID, so now the business is trying to 
pick up, supply chain getting settled, but the Arcos brand is a brand that we want to use 
across product categories, not just lubricants but also looking at batteries and then other 
allied products. We will become significant enough when it make sense to talk about that 
business, so it is a very infancy stage right now. 
Adit Shah: 
Sir, one final question, based on the management's estimate, the capacities which we have 
across India and even the Middle East cultural products, you also talk about in terms of return 
on equity of 20%, so what I understand is that you believe that this company has an earnings 
power from 200 to 250 crores, is that the right number which you feel, or can it be 
significantly higher than that also? Just to understand what do you think is potential sort of 
profit-generating power of this business because I think for the last quarter, it has been 
underperforming in terms of its true potential, you want to comment that? 
Kushal Desai: 
The capability is to definitely get to the 250 crores and then the product mix will drive 
profitability that goes higher than that and that is what we are focused on trying to deliver. 
Unless you start sharing some of the commodity business, there is a crutch that everybody 
actually uses, so we have taken a much harder call now, saying that we are dropping some of 
the business that doesn’t make sense and focusing on higher value business. So as these 
things start picking up traction, whether it is CTC for transformers, whether it is OPGW, all of 
this is starting to show some signs, it will deliver then higher EBITDA margins on a blended 
basis per ton or kL etc. If you see our lubricant business also has been regularly growing up 
and the performance of that was getting a bit hampered just because of fluctuation in prices 
which happened particularly in the previous 18 months. That having leveled off, the results 
are now much more evident to be seen. The operating leverage really comes from the mix. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Sir, my question is again pertaining to the finance cost, maybe we have seen a lower 
commodity prices in H1 and now commodity prices have moved up, so do you feel we will 
stick to our guidance of, let us say, less than 40 crores per quarter of finance cost in spite of 
commodity prices moving up? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
40 crores should be possible actually with the lower interest cost which is there, plus what 
actions we have already taken as far as the financial discipline is concerned across all the 
businesses. 
Dhiral Shah: 
So you don’t see much deterioration in working capital because of this commodity prices 
moving up, right? 

 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Kushal Desai: 
The commodity prices have moved up, but they haven't spectacularly moved up, it is still, oil 
has moved a little bit down, copper and aluminum have moved up, but they are not at all 
time highs or any such thing. 
Dhiral Shah: 
My question is again, let us say, may be in coming quarters, let us say moved up to all time 
high, do you feel you can maintain this kind of quarterly run rate of finance cost? 
V. C. Diwadkar: 
If it moves up by 100%, then obviously we will not be able to manage. We should be able to 
manage actually because of all the actions which we have already taken. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And sir, now we are more focusing on the value addition part, so what kind of EBITDA margin 
we are likely growing to sustain in coming quarters? 
Kushal Desai: 
We will go by metric tons, so in the conductor business our target at this time is to get to Rs. 
12,000 per ton on a sustainable basis, so all the actions are targeted towards getting there 
and our oil business sustainability has gone across 4500 per kL and in the case of cables we 
want to be double digit EBITDA per metric ton, but cable will take a little bit longer because of 
all these other issues that have happened with defense and things like that, so until that 
normalizes because that is quite a profitable part, but on the conductor and oil side, we are 
pretty much already there and if you take the second quarter and for oil the entire first half 
of the year, so it is the cable side that we need to focus in order to bring it up into that double 
digit back again. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And sir lastly, with the kind of current gross block which we have, what kind of potential 
revenue we can generate sir on that? 
Kushal Desai: 
See, our current utilization across the facilities is only in the mid 70s, if you exclude the 
Hamriyah plant which produce 98% in the quarter, so we can easily produce 33 to 40% more 
than what we have seen in the last quarter and then we have crossed the bridge when we 
come to it. Our whole focus is really that if we lined up with the capacity constraint, we will 
see whether it make sense to put more money to expand capacity or to drop product lines 
which are more commodity and not paying us enough and focus more on value added 
products because we don’t want to play a volume game anymore, we are conce ntrating on 
getting our metrics in place. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Kushal Desai: 
Thank you. Thank you everybody for patiently being on the call. I will also like to take this 
opportunity to wish everybody a happy Diwali and a prosperous New Year and certainly we 
see as I had mentioned in my closing remarks of my initial talk that we see a better second 
half with increased tendering and higher utilization from the railways and defense facilities, a 

 
 
Page 22 of 22 
revival in mining, wind and solar segment which already seems to be underway and our 
export execution will only increase as time goes on and we are also able to leverage supply 
chains, de-risking from China into India as such. So with that I would like to thank everybody 
and wish you all good health. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Apar Industries Limited, that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
