 
November 12, 2020 
 
                               
 
 
The Secretary 
 
 
  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
          “Exchange Plaza”,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
  
 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
  
Subject: Management Transcript for Q2 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
We would like to provide the Management Transcript for Q2 FY 2021 Earnings 
Conference Call, which was held on November 5, 2020. 
 
The transcript of the Q2 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call is also available on below 
mentioned Youtube video link: https://youtu.be/ps-tMu5X7II 
 
We request you to take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Deepak Fertilisers 
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
Gaurav Munoli 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: as above 

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
 
Q2 FY2021 
 
November 5, 2020 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sailesh Mehta – Chairman & Managing Director  
Mr. Amitabh Bhargava – President and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Mahesh Girdhar – President, Crop Nutrition Business 
Mr. Deepak Balwani –Associate Vice President, Investor Relations 
                             
 
Hosted by  BOBCAPS 
 

 
Page | 2 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q2 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call of Deepak Fertilisers and 
Petrochemicals Corporation Limited hosted by BOB Capital Markets Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shaheen Mirza from BOB Capital Markets. Thank you 
and over to you Mam! 
Shaheen C Mirza: 
Thank you moderator. Good day everyone and welcome to the Q2 FY21 Earnings Call of Deepak 
Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation. From the management we have Mr. S. C. Mehta, Chairman 
& Managing Director, Mr. Amitabh Bhargava, President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mahesh 
Girdhar – President, Crop Nutrition Business, and Mr. Deepak Balwani – Head of Investor Relations. I 
would now handover the call to Mr. S. C. Mehta, Chairman. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sailesh C. Mehta: 
Thank you. Very good afternoon and I hope you and your families are all safe and healthy. We still have 
some miles to go before we have the vaccine out, so we all need to be continually careful. It is my 
pleasure to welcome all of you for Q2 and H1 FY2021 result, and I trust all of you would have received 
the results in the presentation, which have been uploaded and I will take the opportunity to share some 
further thoughts on it and then of course more details will be shared by our CFO, President Finance, 
Amitabh Bhargava. 
 
So during the COVID times we saw some continued operational challenges in terms of somewhere the 
supply chain areas or somewhere getting sufficient number of people and I think probably lot of 
industries faced that, but we are now seeing a gradual revival that is coming in as the lockdowns are 
getting eased. 
 
As far as recently good monsoon and the water level then all the major reservoirs are up at the desired 
level. We did have some head of fact and some additional monsoon, which had a little bit of an impact 
in terms of delay in Rabi season, but going forward we expect you  Rabi to be good. 
 
Now I am very pleased to share that our company in terms of the financial operational front has really 
done well and growth trajectory has been better based on higher margin businesses and cost 
optimization and very frankly speaking I am indeed pleased to share that our H1FY21 has been the 
strongest ever  possibly in the  past five to six years. 
 
Our H1 revenue from operations increased by about 23% year on year to roughly around 2,786 Crores 
and the operating EBITDA  doubled to around 465 Crores in H1. Our PAT, I am happy to share it is up 
4.5 times to Rs. 202 Crores in FY21 and with the good collection and the business all around, our 
borrowing also reduced significantly with the net debt to equity ratio improving from 1.25x as on March 
31, 2020 to 0.91x as on September 30, 2020. 

 
Page | 3 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
 
We also had our rights issue as lot of it would be aware and we successfully raised around 178 Crores, a 
little oversubscription and both from our existing a new institutional shareholder. Additionally, we also 
received our second tranche from International Finance Corporation Washington of around 210 Crores 
and so all of it will ease knock away the liquidity but improve the leverage profile. 
 
So one of the key aspects that help us while they continued strong delivery from the CNB our Crop and 
Nutrition Business and I would say this is the fourth consecutive quarter where you know things have 
been going well and as we saw some of these impacts coming of COVID even in the rural area, our field 
operators were really challenged due to movement and farmer issues and all that. So despite these 
challenging times, I must share that the team came up with somebody out of box ideas of digital connect 
with host of retailers and farmers through webinars and so our farmer touch point continued to be strong 
and that has reflected in continued strong volumes of sales off our differentiate NPK product and that is 
something which I am seeing from a very positive light, that is not only the differentiation is something 
that is being well understood at the dealer, retailer and farmer level, but it is also getting reflected in 
certain price premiums, and it is also I would say reflected in repeat sales. 
 
So, to that degree the promise that was made in terms of yield improvement is clearly showing up at the 
field level and building up the confidence. As far as the IPA goes, Q1 of course was an extraordinary 
jump because of the panic that the virus set in and as was expected we have seen the prices normalize 
and this is something, which was expected and this is something, which we are seeing panning out and it 
should normalize to the pre-COVID areas. 
 
We are continuing to focus on the needs of the farmer sector and we are also looking at somewhere 
gradually putting across our B2C products hygiene product under the brand name ‘CORORID’ and that 
is something, which we are seeing it of course very small today, but we are seeing that is a good 
promise. 
 
During Q2, we also sought the demand for grades of nitric acid gradually improve and our Dahej plant 
in particularly has witnessed now coming back into good performance and this is something that also 
added to our IC, business, our industry and chemical business, and the second half again we are looking 
at the gradual acid business for the intermediates and others coming back to normal the pre-COVID 
time. 
 
As far as the TAN segment goes, the customers were infected meeting the coal, cement and others were 
impacted by COVID and which did result into subdued sales. Also, we saw exports getting impacted 
because of again similar kind of situation all around. Yet we continued to push at all sites and what we 
found was at least you know our collections were really very good because of all that push. 
 
In the second half, we expect you know the improved performance on the TAN business in any case and 
monsoon is normally mining activities are at a low end  and we now expect you know the expected 
typical H2 as being good for the TAN business. 

 
Page | 4 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
 
Going forward we also see the central government is more of encouraging Atmanirbhar initiative and 
also well aligned with our growth story and capex outlet, which are you know very strongly going to 
bring the import substitution to us and to the country. 
 
Fundamentally, as I see it even this COVID crisis has shown that we are very beautifully aligned with 
the India growth story and that has stood this test of the crisis where one-third of business interlinked 
with fertilizer and food security, one-third into the industrial chemicals linked to the Pharma sector and 
one-third into the mining sector you know for India’s requirement of power derived from coal or its 
need for infrastructure drawn from limestone cement. 
 
So we find that you know this crisis has validated our strategies and reconfirm to us with great degree of 
confidence that all the three sectors that we are into beautifully aligned into the India growth story and 
despite variety of crisis that everyone went through for us these three fundamental areas of strength 
stood very strongly to support you know this H1 great results 
 
So, with this now, I handover to Amitabh Bhargava, President Finance and CFO for a detailed 
presentation on the financials and you know all the rest of the operational performance, Amitabh. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Thank you, Mr. Mehta. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining the Deepak 
Fertilisers and Petrochemicals conference call to discuss the Q2 FY2021 results. During the quarter 
ending September 2020, we felt much improved environmental business operations as overall economic 
activities revised to a large extend particularly on the demand side post relaxation of lockdown; 
however, as Mr. Mehta also mentioned the operations and maintenance challenges at our production 
facilities decreased in this quarter due to pandemic issues and its impact on availability of manpower 
and mandatory intermittent shutdowns undertaken by us, but overall we continued our journey of 
delivering robust operational performance this quarter on the back of a very strong showing in the first 
quarter of FY2021. 
 
During Q2 FY2021 we reported total revenue growth of 22% YOY to Rs. 1,404 Crores operating 
EBITDA  increased by 66% YOY to Rs. 193 Crores. Operating margin increased to 13.8% in Q2 
FY2021 as compared to 10.1% in Q2 FY20. Net profit increased three times YOY to 81 Crores and Q2 
FY2021. The company has delivered staggering operational performance in the H1 FY2021, which is 
indeed best ever performance in last 5 to 6 years. 
 
Our fertilizer segment delivered fourth consecutive profitable quarters. Net debt reduced from Rs. 2,769 
Crores as on FY2020-2021 to 2,201 Crores as on H1 FY2021. Net debt to equity improved to 0.91X as 
on H1 FY2021 resulting in lower financing cost. 
 
In chemical segment manufactured chemical business reported revenue of Rs. 541 Crores in Q2 
FY2021. IPA revenue increased by 42% YOY to Rs. 149 Crores in Q2 FY2021 and despite the fall in  
prices QOQ the NSP were higher YOY resulting in robust margin in manufactured IPA. 

 
Page | 5 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
 
IPA sales volumes were impacted by about 25% YOY due to some plant constraints. Sales volumes of 
nitric acid during Q2 FY2021 into 21% over the previous quarter as a result of normalization and 
business activity across downstream industries; however, it was lower by 8% compared to Q2 FY2020. 
 
Capacity utilization at Dahej Plant improved to 80% level during Q2FY2021 as compared to 68% 
during the corresponding quarter last year. Our TAN revenue is decreased by 21% YOY to Rs. 187 
Crores. Despite the seasonality and low demand in Q2 due to monsoon the impact of COVID and the 
resultant lockdown were also felt across both for the domestic HDAN, LDAN and AN and export 
vertical across    TAN business. 
 
Demand on coal and limestone mining is expected to improve in Q3 as the economy continues to come 
back. Fertilizer segment delivered fourth consecutive of stable quarter led by significant increase in 
volumes favorable monsoon surplus reservoir levels, record high Kharif crop and sowing and softening 
of raw material prices. 
 
Manufactured fertilizers reported increased revenue by 29% YOY to Rs. 540 Crores in Q2 FY2021. 
Sales volumes of manufacturing well fertilizer that is NP and NPK increased by 29% YOY and fertilizer 
trading business increased by 65% YOY to 152 Crores in Q2 FY2021. 
 
Overall margin improved significantly due to 100% migration from plain grade to differentiated grade 
market. We successfully started production of new NPK N14 at Taluja and superfast themselves grade 
at Panipat. The company has reached around 3.8 million farmers social media and activity engaged with 
1.9 million farmers until September end. Around 5 lakhs plus farmers were directly reached through 
direct calling and then modes. 
 
Our H1 performance is a reflection of our focus on business improvement, better product offerings 
numerous initiatives that they have undertaken to improve systems and processes to optimize our cost 
over the last few quarters. We remain confident of continuing our growth trajectory while extending full 
support to our customers, suppliers and other valued stakeholders in these testing times. 
 
With his we would be happy to take your question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Dhwanil Ketan Shah from I-Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Ketan Shah: 
Good evening and congratulations there are very good set of numbers. Sir, I had couple of questions. 
One was on the, IPA division as we have seen for the IPA prices of almost come to the pre-COVID level 
and in this quarter, we had a realization of Rs.105 - Rs.106. So, going ahead how will our spreads pan 
out and then how much will it impact to our profitability that is one and the second question Sir is on 
Capex  any timeline about when it is going to commission? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
As far as the IPA prices are concerned by the market prices in terms of her our sale prices it would 
difficult to say where they would settle during this quarter, but what I can tell you is that the imported 

 
Page | 6 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
cargoes that are now coming in when the pre-COVID we started at about $800 a ton and a short up all 
the way up to $1400 to $1500 per ton. We are currently hovering in the range of $950 to $1000 per ton 
and you know we have seen some of volatility in these prices that they had gone down and from the 
bottom of about 850 they have again found up to these levels. So, we know to see what how price is, but 
that is the level of imported prices we are seeing in the market. 
Dhwanil Ketan Shah: 
Just a follow between up to Rs. 107 in September and this in December we settled at somewhat at Rs. 80 
to 85 hypothetically. So, in that case how will our spreads used, in terms of profitability how will that 
impact us? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Those are not coming down. What I would say that one is 106 or 107 numbers that you are quoting is 
for the quarter which is average during the quarter not necessarily the September number. In fact, 
September number has progressively come down from July, August. So at you can do a back of the 
envelope calculation that if the person and the prices are remaining where they are we do roughly 
manufacturing volumes of during the quarter anywhere between 14000 and 18000 depending on all 
production level, and every Rs.5000 decrease to that extent you could do that calculation 
Dhwanil Ketan Shah: 
The second question about the capex. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
In capex as far as the projects are concerned the ammonia projects, we have reached a stage where the 
entire land is acquired. We also received approval from Maharashtra Pollution Control Board in terms of 
the consent was established and we are at the fag end of negotiating our contract with the EPC 
contractors. So, the contraction should commence very soon, and I would say it takes roughly 26 to 28 
months to complete the projects. So, in that timeframe we would be completing our ammonia project. 
As far as TAN project is concerned, we are still at a stage where we are applied for environmental 
approval  and it only after obtaining an environmental approval that our capex would begin. 
Dhwanil Ketan Shah: 
Currently Sir the next one was there is no commissioning as of now? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Completion of both these capex would be minimum of 26 to 28 months. 
Dhwanil Ketan Shah: 
Then on the fertilizer segments we will be doing very well since last three quarters, as you have also 
mentioned. The raw material in the fertilizer segment has also softened. So, going ahead Sir what kind 
of margins, you think is sustainable in this division and then any pressure on the raw material prices or it 
is still at the similar level? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
While the ammonia price is at the same level, there has been some increase phos acid prices in this 
quarter and as far as the margins are concerned, it is a factor of multiple variables in terms our overall 
production capacity utilization. So, all that I would say that if you would have seen our performance in 
Q1 and Q2. Our volumes of our smart pick products, which will be differentiated products has gone 
substantially up and we have also to that extent received with additional volumes because this would 
premium products and then we are quite hopeful that despite the variations in raw material prices we 
would be able to sustain our profitability going forward. 

 
Page | 7 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
Dhwanil Ketan Shah: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Good evening Sir. Sir I have the two questions like my first question is on what was the reason behind 
the auditor resigning and can you throw some light on that and the second question is like an IPA and 
other chemical crises are getting normalize now. So, can we consider this named as in base now, this 
gives you earnings of base quarter now? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
To your first question I think we have permitted to stock exchange the letter which BSR our statutory 
auditor had written to us at the time of resignation. It is a commercial reason that we had quoting. So 
that this was potentially as you know commercially means we had a debate in terms of our audit fee. We 
couldnt arrive at common  compensation on that. Equally as far as the TAN business is concerned as 
you are aware that Q2 is typically a lean quarter because of monsoon, we also face certain challenges on 
the production side. So TAN business H2 both from a demand and production point of view to be a 
better half. So is it combination of all these factors or some factors may growth again that, but there are 
other factors or other business, which are expected to do that. It is difficult to for me to say that whether 
this is the base quarter or not, but I have given you an indication on what is happening in each of the 
business. 
Hiten Boricha: 
I am just followup on this Sir. Why not we appoint an auditor with similar credentials like BSR, the new 
auditors are unknown to us. So just that is few colors on that. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
If you see the new auditor and the audit completed, they are auditing as you see their track record. I do 
not see where we are coming from on this question because practically many large companies located in 
Pune are being audited by this audit firm. They have a strong presence and they are audited which been 
in business for several decades if I am not wrong, at least more than 18 plus years. So, our audit 
committees and board has considered all these factors while appointing the new audit firm. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Thanks for the detailed explanation. Thank you I will get back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dikshit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Dikshit Doshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir just one clarification that you mentioned the current IPA prices are 
around 950 to 1000 rupees a ton and our Q2 realization was around $1400 per ton. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I could not hear you, could you please repeat the question. 
Dikshit Doshi: 
I think that IP prices currently are around $952 per ton and our Q2 realization was around $1400 per ton, 
right? 

 
Page | 8 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Let me clarify. What I said is that pre-COVID we had seen the prices import prices about $800 per ton 
and during Q1 and Q2 and particularly in Q1 the prices shot up to  $1400-1500 and then they started 
coming down and current levels are more like $950 to 1000 ton. 
Dikshit Doshi: 
Secondly Sir, still our capacity utilization in fertilizer has been quite low and we are seen a very good 
performance in H1 with the volumes of upwards of 60% and with the good monsoon and good Rabi 
season, can you explain this growth momentum to continue even in H2 and further improvement in 
utilization can we expect some hire margins in going forward may be next year? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I could not quite hear your question your voice is breaking but let me try to answer your question is on 
capacity utilization. We actually started a second trade in sometime in July so that we have 
progressively baring the disruptions that we see we have tried to increase our capacity utilization. It is 
expected given the demand that we are seeing of our differentiated product that we should be in a 
position to increase our capacity utilization in coming quarters. 
Dikshit Doshi: 
With the increase in the utilization can we expect some more improvement in EBIT margins of NPK 
division may be in H2 or next year? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
With increased in capacity utilizations the margins are certainly expected to improve fairly some 
operating beverage standpoint. At what stage in H2 or next year I won’t be able to comment because I 
said it earlier that despite variations in the raw material prices given the work that we have done in the 
market on our differentiated products we expect then we are hopeful that we will be able to maintain our 
profitability in NPK segment. 
Dikshit Doshi: 
Sir what are the plans in terms of capex for this year and next year? How much we are planning to 
spend? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
As far as the ammonia project is concerned, I have mentioned that we are at almost at fag end in terms 
of getting all our approvals in place, so construction should commence. Given that there are only three 
to four months left, I would rather be able to have a better sense on what we would spend on next year, 
but in this financial year whether we commence construction for two or three months that is not clear, 
but we can assume that roughly about 150 Crores to 200 Crores of capex on ammonia project would go 
from now until March. TAN like I said is the state that we are obtaining environmental approval, so we 
do not expect that any major capex would not come in TAN? 
Dikshit Doshi: 
Next year how much do you expecting in FY2022? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Next year ammonia I would say would be roughly about 600 Crores to 800 Crores depending on the 
progress level in that project. TAN is difficult to predict it. It is the function of when we would get the 
environmental approval, but in the first year of TAN construction again we expect similar kind of capex. 
The first year from the time it starts it would have similar 600 Crores to 800 Crores kind of additional 
cost. 

 
Page | 9 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
Dikshit Doshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bachhraj Nahar from Mili Consultants. Please go 
ahead. 
Bachhraj Nahar: 
Thank you for opportunity. My question is government of India has recently used price of natural gas. 
So our chemical product how much going to be the benefit on various chemical, which you are 
manufacturing based on the natural gas and whether there is a plan to start methanol because the price of 
methanol has gone up quite substantially 25% to 30% in last three months so are we planning to restart 
our methanol plant? Thank you. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
As per gas prices are concerned, we typically buy a basket of LNG at a market price. The gas price that 
you are referring to is the gas, which government has control in terms of the prices, which is in APM gas 
or whatever is the term right now for it. Earlier it was called APM gas, so that market determined gas, 
which is rather price-controlled gas but that is available onto certain sectors based on the priority and 
location. We buy gas like I said based on these LNG prices basket of LNG negotiates with all gas 
suppliers. So, there is no one to two links between what come and thus to the prices and because the 
government formula is based on the price indices of some of the gas surplus country and they do not 
necessarily reflect the LNG prices. In general, but to answer the question is that the gas prices you have 
seen more than benign sort of raw material and prices as far as gas is concerned. That is the dependence 
on gas and to some extent on the utility that we run with this gas. Rest of the ammonia and majority of 
ammonia we are purchasing or importing from various sources, so only limited to the extent about 
domestic or own manufacturing of ammonia that gas prices impact us. As far as methanol prices are 
concerned, yes, we are watching the methanol prices and it will go for three to six months because the 
gas contracts we tie up or for us minimum period of 3 months. So we need to take a view as what 
happens to methanol prices that three months’ timeframe and of what price we are able to tie up gas 
based on that we will take we will take a view but certainly your point that methanol prices are looking 
attractive for us to consider starting methanol plant that is definitely the case. 
Bachhraj Nahar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishit Shah from Aequitas Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishit Shah: 
Good evening sir. Thank for the opportunity. Sorry sir I actually got disconnected in between some of 
my questions might be repetitive. Sir first I wanted to ask you what is the current capacity utilization in 
TAN segment and what are the capex plans for this because we feel increase them and also coming from 
this commercial coal mining and going forward. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
As far as capacity utilization is concerned, as you know in 2017-2018, we had actually crossed the 
capacity utilization beyond 100%. So, we had actually in 2018-19 in terms of capacity utilization of 
105%. Eventually because there were challenges in terms of shutting of coal mines and also some 
slowdown in infrastructure, which is what growth are capacity utilization came down to 91%. In the first 

 
Page | 10 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
half, I think we have done about 74-75% capacity utilization, a lot of that is I would say also because of 
the pandemic related challenges that we have seen besides some demand that has challenges that we saw 
in Q1 and the Q2 was not so much apart that demanded was more about production related challenge. 
As we see how like I said H2 we expect it to be better both from the demand and production suspected. 
So, we are hopeful that we would improve the capacity addition from the current level and that we are 
contemplating as far that as in 19 that we are actually crossed the 100% capacity utilization in our 
facility. 
Nishit Shah: 
How much time does it take post acting all the environmental approval to set up TAN new capacity? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
26 to 28 now. 
Nishit Shah: 
Sir comments to this fertilizer segment I wanted to understand how much market share did we get? So, 
we do look at the market share gain or that is not how we look at our fertilizer segment? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
What is your question? Can you repeat them? 
Nishit Shah: 
Sir. I wanted to understand how much market share did we gain in the fertilizer segment in key States 
and do we see that going forward also? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Market share and if you talk about the H1 as such my relations also there, my colleague Mahesh is also 
there, by as far as my knowledge goes, market share remains at the same level as far as H1 is concerned 
Mahesh can you throw more light on that please. 
Mahesh Girdhar: 
Certainly Amitabh. Good evening everyone. Thanks for this question. I agree Amitabh that our market 
share remained at the level it was previous year because as you are seen earlier Amitabh speaking about 
our differentiation strategy. So, we are actually moved up in our growth of the differentiated product 
with the unique grades in the market. So, we have completely moved into specialist kind of product 
segment vis-à-vis value proposition. Overall market grew as you know that H1 overall agriculture 
during this COVID period was much better than any other industries, so we grew with the market in 
terms of market share. 
Nishit Shah: 
I wanted to understand raw material prices for Phos Acid and ammonia? 
Mahesh Girdhar: 
What is the question? 
Nishit Shah: 
Raw material price phos acid and ammonia, which is the raw material? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Ammonia I mentioned by largely the prices Q1 and Q2 have remained flat. There is too not much 
change there. In Q2 the phos acid prices have gone up and Mahesh can you just quote the numbers in 
terms of Q1 and Q2 what has been the change? 
Mahesh Girdhar: 
The Q1 and Q2 change was only $17-18 per ton for phosphoric acid. Ammonia remained static or 
slightly downward, I mean the entire. 

 
Page | 11 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
Nishit Shah: 
Currently it would be around $640. 
Mahesh Girdhar: 
Currently the phos acid prices has gone up by about $54 over Q2. 
Nishit Shah: 
Okay and Sir are we taking price hike for our fertilizers now? 
Mahesh Girdhar: 
As you know that in case of fertilizer, we are governed by the Department of Fertilizer the subsidized 
fertilizers. So we are taking governed by certain norms, but within that norms normally whenever price 
is going upward down there is a pass through happening by the industry and done by us as well so there 
is some time in lag and some time it is close to that, but in our case certainly our prices will change. 
Nishit Shah: 
Last question what will be the subsidy outstanding for first half? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
It is I think 481 Crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the performance. The first question in terms of the capex 
plan that we have which is going to start commissioning, Sir what is the funding plan for the same? How 
much for total capex will be required and when will be see the peak debt in terms of once the project is 
completed. Thank you. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I think you partly answered your own question but to answer rest of your question as far as ammonia 
project is concerned, we had here even the limitation that we had financially closed that project to the 
extent of 70% of the project at cost we have already tied to debt. As far as the TAN project is concerned, 
we had made initial investments in equipment, but going forward we would be signing or financially 
closing these projects given that the construction is some month away and we would require 
environmental clearance. We have sufficient time to close this project so if this would again be funded 
partly by debt and by equity so that is the plan for and I have already indicated that the capex that is 
expected in the first year of these project construction from there on. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the clarification. Sir what would be the peak debt in that case once two projects or 
commissioned may be 24 or 26 months down the line which is fag end of FY2024 so at that time what 
we expect in terms of the overall Debt. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
I do not think that figure because both these projects are timeline depending on TAN projects lot of 
construction the peak debt could call in FY2023 and FY2024 and that said we also during this period we 
would be increasing our capacity utilization in fertilizer business. Equally we would there are known for 
Dahej and NPK projects which are getting amortized year-on-year, so those repayments are taking 
place. So it is very difficult for me to put on number to it, but we are mindful that we need to maintain 
couple of leverage ratios and therefore our internal generation as well as our monetization of our non 
core as we would plan it in a manner that our peak debt and leverage ratio do not go out of control. 

 
Page | 12 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the clarification. Sir only as you mentioned that ratio because of utilization so what was the 
ratio and the what was the issue and we are now normal operating capacity. Thank you. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Yes, the issue is resolved, and we are back to normal operating capacity. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thank you Sir in terms of incrementally focus so may be over three to five years period once these two 
projects are completed ammonia as well as Tan. How do we look in terms of revenue so still would it be 
50-50% chemical fertilizers, or will it be more inclined towards the one of the segments? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So from here on TAN you could do back of the envelop of calculation that we are looking at TAN 
capacity is about 370000 ton while our current capacity utilization last year for example was 440000 
tons in that ratio you could do a guesstimate of what kind of additional revenues that you would get 
from the TAN project. Ammonia is more of since it is going to be consumed internally it would not as 
such need to increase in revenue consolidate revenue it would be accreting as far as the margins are 
concerned, EBITDA are concerned. Today we are purchasing that cost is being purchasing ammonia 
from outside once the ammonia project is there it will be internally transferred to that extent revenues 
would go up only on a account of TAN additional capacity and like I said there is also capacity 
utilization ramp up being  done that is happening in the fertilization segment and that would be another 
factor which would change during the revenue composition going forward. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just one last clarification on the ammonia project are we tied up for natural gas or have your initial 
conversations with the players outside would you be able to provide gas once the project is 
commissioned? Thank you. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
We have discussion with gas suppliers. We have not yet signed agreement, but as such the discussion 
are on. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks a lot, and best of luck Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik 
Good evening. Just a couple of questions from my end. One is I needed a clarification the item of 
purchase for finished goods for this quarter will that be completely attributed to the trading business? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
It is all outright. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Second question is if you can just throw some light or share more information on the kind of propylene 
prices maybe the last three to six months how is it? It will usually fall into one to one with the crude oil 
prices in your view. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So there is a strong linkage with the crude oil prices because propylene and its benchmark in terms of 
the total will work are linked with propane and butane prices that are LPG prices and both of these are 
crude derivates so they are strongly linked. That said as you in refineries or refinery slate each of the 
product has its own demand supply dynamics and that is pretty much in a way decides to refinery 

 
Page | 13 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
margins also. So, to that extent LPG may have its own demand supply equation, but broadly it would 
follow or the trend wise if you follow the crude trend. 
Lokesh Manik: 
We will be having it in index contract with the refineries to ensure that we do not get these fluctuations 
of the derivative products, do we follow such 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Our prices are linked with the LPG prices and to that extent whatever happens to LPG prices 
internationally particularly the Middle East prices of LPG in a way the company puts benchmark on the 
propylene prices. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Thank you so much. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Chitroda from PhillipCapital India Private 
Limited from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Chitroda: 
Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on good set of numbers. I had two questions; one is 
already been answered. So, the second question is slightly over medium to long-term. As a strategy 
Deepak Fertiliser are we planning to foray into the related sectors which I think you have already quoted 
yourself so are in any plans to foray into agrochemicals or seed because I think we are already there in 
states like Maharashtra, Gujarat, and some of the south zone states where we have a good understanding 
or scalability. So, any particular reasons in the past that we have not been forayed into that or any plans 
to do that going forward? Thanks. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
What I can confirm to you is that our Board has not taken any such view and as and when the board 
takes a view, we would be announcing it to the stock exchanges as well as to investors simultaneously. 
Deepak Chitroda: 
But any more plans or going forward or anything like that? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Plan is about board decides and let the board take a decision we will inform you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Kumar, an individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Kumar: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My question is on the resignation of the statutory auditors, so 
considering that the cash flows are improved and the tax rates have now increased, why was it not 
considered prudent to let us to take on the request of the new auditors to consider the fee hike? I mean 
why was it that they did not take the hire and that relationship may go up after the financial year. So, can 
you throw some light on that? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Nitin I think their expectations on the few and the rightly, so they have their own reasons in terms of 
their resource recovery.  Their expectations on the fee was a multiple of what we were paying earlier 
and like I said I am not commenting on they were right or wrong, but they were trying to recover their 
costs and based on that they had made certain proposal which was not acceptable to the board nor the 
audit committee. 

 
Page | 14 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
Nitin Kumar: 
Sir followup question to that I understand that the present auditors might be talking the relationship on 
contract is causal from the looks of it that any announcements from the stock exchanges. Sir can we 
expect of auditors or associates to feel that you let us say the big four, Cap Managers is out of question 
for the other three for the next financial year? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
See one is a casual means that till shareholders approve. It is irrespective of who comes in and that is the 
terminology. We have approached much all the reputed auditors. E&Y for example is our internal 
auditor. We have certain other assignment that has been that we have an engagement with the one other 
big four auditors and the fourth one was not really too willing to come into the additional or rather the 
new assignment. So, we did explore everyone. Like I said we already had an engagement which is 
conflicting because E&Y are our internal auditor and then the board and the audit committee looked at 
all other audit firms of repute and based on that they have taken this decision. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Mehta from Deep Financials. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just small bookkeeping question out of the 109 Crores chemical segment 
EBIT, what could be the contribution of IPA if you can share it? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Yes, if we could move to the next question, during the call I will answer this question if you answer. 
Ravi Mehta: 
No problem. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Sumana Kundu an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sumana Kundu: 
Congrats for the good set of members and thank you for providing the opportunity to ask this query. So, 
my question is, are you planning to cut down more debt in future. If so, what is the plan for coming two 
years keeping in the eye that the capex is going to come for ammonia and TAN? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, one is out of if you see September end number this year a big part of the loan is actually is a long-
term term debt by and large working capital has been cut down substantially. As far as the term loans 
are concerned, each one of them and most of them were taken for the capex purpose and to that extent 
we had an amortization, which is currently on for these long-term loans. So progressively these long-
term loans will get repaid. As far as working capital is concerned, given that first H1 was good half for 
us both from internal generation as well as some external points that we had raised, we brought down 
our working capital, but looking capex would obviously go up in the non-season period. Also, it depends 
on government subsidy disbursements. That will also determine to what extent our working capital goes 
up or remains at this level. So, I think a combination of these factors, are our attempts would be to 
manage the working capital as efficiently as possible and term loans in any case the existing term loans 
would anyway get amortized. It is a new term loans that will come from a capex perspective. This is 
what adds up. So, I think that is the way I would that say the working capital loan is a function of how 
season moves and how we are able to manage the working capital and then the government subsidy. 
Rest I did specify that it was. To the earlier question, the acid and IPA as I talked about of 73 Crores and 
TAN had an EBITDA of 36 Crores. In terms of makeup of Tan and IPA acid combined. 

 
Page | 15 
 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2021 
Sumana Kundu: 
I have another question regarding this CORORID brand, we have launched right? So what is the 
response we are getting for this brand and how much we are thinking going ahead so that what is our 
thinking for going ahead, how much concentrate do you want to give on this band and just wanted to 
know about it? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
The initial response has been good. We are evaluating because of market factor how much of that is the 
trends of above products distribution. So, we will take a view on expanding this once we have authority 
based on from our first two may another quarters of response in the market. Because as of now, the 
geography wise we have kept as limited, so our decision to expand it beyond this geography I will 
evaluate based on three, four quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions in the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Amitabh Bhargava for closing comments. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Thank you everyone for your participation. For any further queries or clarifications please get in touch 
in investor relations team. I thank all of you once again. Thank you. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
             
Reg. and Corp. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No.: 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India 
         Web: www.dfpcl.com; CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without 
limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to DFPCL’s future 
business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future 
expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause 
actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general 
market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive 
pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative 
developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. DFPCL undertakes no obligation to 
publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
 
 
Deepak Balwani  
Associate Vice President – Investor Relations 
deepak.balwani@dfpcl.com  
+91 20 6645 8733 
 
Rohan Rege  
Churchgate Partners 
deepakfertilisers@churchgatepartners.com  
+91 22 6169 5988 
