NilajCs/2020 /131 
Date: November 10, 2020 
To, 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 530377 
Dear Sir, 
To, 
The Listing Department 
NILA 
INFRASTRUCTURES 
LIMITED 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: NILAINFRA 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call held on November 09. 2020 
A conference call was arranged on November 09, 2020 to provide the information about the 
financial and operational performance of the Company for the second quarter and half year ended 
on September 30, 2020. 
In this connection transcript of the call is enclosed herewith for the information of exchanges and 
dissemination. The same is also available at the website of the Company at www.nilainfra.com 
which may please be noted. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Nila Infrastructures Limited 
n\r--4. 
Dipen Y Parikh 
Company Secretary 
Membership Number: A24031 
Encl: aja 
CIN : L45201 GJ1990PLC01341 7 
Registered Office: 
1st floor, Sambhaav House 
Opp. Chief Justice's Bungalow 
Bodakdev, Ahmedabad 380015 
Tel.: +91 79 4003 6817 I 18,2687 0258 
Fax: +91 79 3012 6371 
e-mail: info@nilainfra.com 
www.nilainfra.com 

Nila Infrastructures Limited 
Q2 FY2021 Conference Call 
November 09, 2020 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2021 Conference Call of Nila 
Infrastructures Limited. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal 
from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you Ayesha. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Nila 
Infrastructures Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the company’s Earnings Conference Call for Q2 FY2021. Before we begin, I 
would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today’s 
conference call maybe forward looking in nature. Such forward looking statements are 
subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptions 
made by information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
 
I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s 
earnings conference call and give it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us 
Mr. Deep Vadodaria – Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Prashant Sarkhedi – Chief Financial Officer 
and Mr. Himanshu Bavishi - Group President, Finance. I would now request Mr. Deep 
Vadodaria to give his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir! 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Good afternoon friends, I hope you are keeping safe and moving ahead with caution. I 
welcome you all to the earnings call for the second quarter of the financial year ending 2021. 
As you all know that the COVID-19 Pandemic has impacted the economy and the market 
sentiments significantly, being a constitute of the economy it has hit us too. 
 
Certain projects that were slated for commencement of execution have been either called-off 
or are being reviewed by the relevant client which is the government authority in our case. As 
the prime focus of the entire government is to abate the further spread of COVID-19 
Pandemic. While certain others have since been delayed for want of certain government 
approvals and sanctions. We believe this financial year we will have to live with such 
disturbances. Meanwhile, concurrently we are optimistic as the government has accelerated 
its focus to address the socio-economic impact by increased delivery of say thousand 
solutions with improved access to living conditions to a scale needed to respond to the needs 

 
 
Page 2 of 7 
of the vulnerable and marginalized population. Resultantly, the government will float more 
opportunity for affordable housing as merits of staying at home has been established as the 
most resilient remedy to abate such Pandemic. Also, it is likely to act as stimulus and 
contribute to a speedier recovery of the civic urban infrastructure and especially the 
affordable housing sector. We are actively accessing the developments and adjusting our 
sails. We are putting all efforts to overcome such hurdles and perform as there are enhanced 
prospects, so in slum rehabilitation, affordable housing and medical facilities. We remain 
optimistic about our business and growth returning to normalcy. The affordable housing 
segment has seen green shoots of demand with beneficiary interest witnessing rising trends. 
We are getting ready to bid for a lot of new opportunities which we have identified, favorable 
orders in pipeline to be executed across segments and geographies over the next few 
quarters. Our long-term outlook towards the civic urban infrastructure business remains 
positive. 
 
Now coming to our order book as of 30th September 2020; the company has confirmed order 
book of about Rs. 4051 million. The company’s order book is in line with its core competence 
of affordable housing with 75% orders coming from this vertical, that is Rs. 3207 million and 
25% coming in from other civic urban infrastructure projects. PPP which is a Public Private 
Partnership side of the business is the major contributor to this with 58% orders coming in 
from there which is Rs. 2390 million. Geographically, the state of Gujarat accounts for 88% of 
the orders which is Rs. 3566 million and principalwise government entities accounts for 71% 
of the construction orders which is Rs. 2899.3 million. The major government client 
comprises of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation and government of Rajasthan. Overall, the 
company is executing the construction of 7693 units of affordable housing. 
 
With this, I now invite Mr. Sarkhedi our CFO, to discuss the key financial and operational 
highlights for the quarter under review. 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
Thank you Mr. Vadodaria and good afternoon friends. I will quickly take you through the 
financial and operational highlights for the quarter ended on 30thSeptember, 2020.  
In the terms of the quarterly performance, consolidated revenue of the company stood at Rs. 
234 million down from Rs. 534 million as compared to the corresponding period of the 
previous year. The company could not generate any meaningful revenue due to the COVID-19 
induced lockdown as well as the reverse migration of the labourers and monsoon. 
On the profitability front, the operating EBITDA for the quarter 2, FY21 has witnessed a loss of 
Rs. 8 million mainly due to cessation of the income while the overheads were being incurred 
for certain projects and operations towards the PPP projects that are in the preliminary 
stages. The reported loss for the quarter ended was Rs. 29 million, the depreciation has 
remained constant as there has been no major increment in PPE. The finance cost reduced 
due to the lower utilization of the fund-based limit consequent to the lockdown of the 

 
 
Page 3 of 7 
operations. The company has honored all financial obligations and refrained from the availing 
the benefit of the moratorium under the "Reserve Bank of India COVID-19 Regulatory 
Package”, except holding the reduction in SBI’s DLOD limit – wherein the utilization was well 
below stipulated drawing power. Due to the loss incurred, the standalone net worth of the 
company is Rs. 1376 million and standalone Gross Debt is Rs. 1426 million, while the cash and 
bank balances on standalone basis is Rs. 56 million. The net debt to net worth competes to 
1x. 
In terms of the half yearly performance consolidated revenue of the company stood at Rs. 
300 million, down from Rs. 1044 million as compared to the corresponding period of the 
previous year. On the profitability front, the operating EBITDA for the first half 2021 had 
witnessed a loss of Rs. 38 million, the reported loss is Rs. 69 million. 
I now open the floor for questions and answers that may be required to the further 
clarification, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question, may press ‘*’ and‘1’ on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. The first question is 
from the line of Gauri Ahuja, an individual investor, please go ahead. 
Gauri Ahuja: 
Good afternoon sir, thanks for taking my question. Just trying to understand the last six 
months has not been the best but can you explain how the situation is today, have we 
reached pre-covid levels in terms of projects. Also,loan book has come down significantly, just 
want to know and why that is happening with you all, is there a reason and what is the 
strategy to counter that? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
I am going to answer your first question. So well the normalcy has resumed in terms of 
manpower, so depending on the site we are talking about, we have reached almost 80% to 
100% in many cases to pre-covid levels in terms of execution. So, we are going to have a 
scheduled short break again for Diwali, so let us see. We are very hopeful that from this 
quarter at least the normalcy in terms of revenues are going to be restored but on yearly 
basis, the full recovery is still about two to three quarters away. I believe, hence 2022 
financial year should be the full year where we expect normal revenues to return. And on the 
second question, I would have Prashant sir, he will help you with that. 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
I am not able to hear those questions. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Maybe if she can repeat the second question, thank you. 

 
 
Page 4 of 7 
Gauri Ahuja: 
Yes sir, so your loan book has come down, your order book has come down significantly, so 
just wanted to understand what is the explanation behind this and what is the strategy to 
counter it going forward? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
We have taken a debt for the new projects which are going to be start up, all those projects 
are under approval right now and that is why the debt level has reducing and the execution, it 
is a particular quarter phenomenon where we have expected that few of the orders going to 
start where government has not given the approval on time, so that is why. In future, 
definitely if you remove these things for six months from our topline, our second half with 
comparatively will double into the overall revenues then there would be nearby changed 
operations, we would be at the previous levels. Debt for upcoming year will be below one. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Just to add on to his answer in terms of the order book, so we had one order in this quarter 
which the client has in terms of change of design withdrawn back the order. This is a DICDL 
order in Dholera smart City which was for construction of their service buildings, now that is 
because of the employer’s request. So that has deleted from the order book, plus we were 
expecting couple of orders to come into this quarter but because of clearances of opening the 
bids things got delayed on the government’s end, it is going to come in this quarter. So again, 
same ways, the answer that Prashant gave in terms of the debt, it is a quarter phenomenon, 
the order book pipeline is pretty strong and we are confident that we are going to keep on 
adding the order book and stay in the area that we are very comfortable in, which we are at 
this point because of the pipeline that is down there, thank you. 
Gauri Ahuja: 
Thank you for answering that, just one last question. Are you looking to explore projects 
outside Gujarat and Rajasthan as well? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
We have said it multiple times; yes we are but at this point of time we are first concentrating 
on resuming back the normalcy. So while we are on, there is nothing really significant which is 
coming out of other states but we are closely watching a few states, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Steven Velkes, an individual investor, please 
go ahead. 
Steven Velkes: 
Hello good afternoon sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. Sir my question to you 
is, what is the update on the logistic park at Bechraji? With the slowdown of the auto sector, 
are we seeing any progress here and what is the outlook for this segment? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Yes, so in terms of the logistic park, the logistic park has been as it is because of two reasons; 
one is the auto sales which had taken beating a couple of quarters leading upto the lockdown 
and then subsequently the lockdown happened. So, we had a little bit of slowdown in terms 
of the demand while we have been able to keep the existing users which are already there in 
the logistic park, queries have started flowing in. And just answering that question, as is 

 
 
Page 5 of 7 
further in terms of the auto sector demand being there, demand has obviously picked up but 
somewhere the Suzuki production facility that our logistic parks are near are not totally 
dependent on the local consumer market and they are going to largely export a lot of 
production that they are going to manufacture. So it is not really relevant but however, in the 
current terms the auto sales have picked up, however it needs to be seen if it is going to 
remain in that pace once the festival period is over. 
Steven Velkes: 
Okay sir and my second question to you is, so have the orders which you have mentioned has 
started flowing, have they been increasing from the government as well as the private sector 
or only one of them? And also my second question is what the order book pipeline is and 
what is your confidence to win them? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So the opportunities are from both areas of course, private and government but largely we 
have only focused on government entities and only very select limited private players. So 
opportunities are definitely there in pipeline and we know a lot of bid which are going to 
come in this quarter and the next quarter, so we are very confident in terms of how the 
opportunity phase is going to go. And answering the question on the pipeline, pipeline also 
looks robust because we have bidded for few orders which are going to open in this quarter 
and few of the orders as I said were delayed by the government. So now we feel that it is 
back on tracks and the pipeline looks robust to us. The chances to win back is obviously once 
the bids open there scrapped, a bid that we were L1 and it got scrapped but going forward all 
the bids that we have bidded for right now are of slum rehabilitation which are the bids that 
they cannot scrap because of various reasons. 
Steven Velkes: 
Okay sir and follow up sir, can you please quantify the order book pipeline on a proximate 
basis? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
So there are 8-10 separate bids that we have bid for, we will send you those details but it 
should quantify, in terms of the quantum, I will have to check. I do not have the immediate 
number handy with me right now but yes orders in pipeline and a good chance to win them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Malhar Mehta from M M 
Advisory, please go ahead. 
Malhar Mehta: 
I have couple of questions; one is since majority of our order book pipeline is from 
government sector and especially Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation, the funds that 
Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation has, have already got diverted towards Covid, so do we 
see any change in the order book of AMC or the payment that they are going to make on our 
order book, that is the first part of the question. And the second part of the question is, that 
what is the run rate that we expect in the H2 of FY20? 

 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Okay, so answering your first question. Yes, there have been funds that AMC has diverted 
which has resulted into them re-arranging few of their civic urban infrastructure projects, so 
we were in L1 in one of their bids for creating a vegetable market which has been since 
scrapped but all the orders that we have bidded for right now are slum rehabilitation orders 
where there is no exchange of money from AMC. And AMC is purely a facilitator and that is 
the same sort of contracts that we do with AMC even on EPC contracts, where AMC is merely 
a facilitator and the money is coming in from the state government, the central government 
and the beneficiary. So, nothing coming out of the AMC budget, so we are not concerned on 
those orders. And answering your question on the second part, the H2 run rate, we see 
normalcy returning in terms of H2 but as I said the time which is lost in terms of the lockdown 
and situation then becoming normal because of the reverse migration that time has been lost 
and not all of it is something that we can make, however we are trying to do the best that we 
can in terms of pushing the execution and we expect the H2 of the year to be in line with 
what we have been able to do in H2 in the successive years but obviously the situation is not 
something that we can predict in all terms with the rise in COVID across the world, we cannot 
rule out another COVID sort of disruption, not maybe by lockdown but how we have to 
manage the disease going forward. So no real visibility on that count but we personally hope 
that the run rate is going to return back to the normal levels of H2 that we have been 
achieving.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishab Shah, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Rishab Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to ask this question; there are certain projects in our 
order books like Sabarmati that for many quarters are not getting executed, what is the 
reason for the same? 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Well Sabarmati has not been there for many quarters. Prashant Sir if you can help me with 
this, if you identify this bid that gentleman is talking about and why is it dormant? 
Prashant Sarkhedi: 
That is a PPP project and it has been there for about 2 quarters. 
Deep Vadodaria: 
However, I do not understand it from Sabarmati, Rishab but since we are talking about delay 
in terms of execution, there are many slums that we are supposed to start, unfortunately the 
government has asked us not to move the people out at this stage and have execution began 
because of the COVID crisis. However, things are returning back to normal, so we are very 
hopeful that in the next few weeks we will be able to move these people out and start 
execution on the ground.  
Rishab Shah: 
Okay. What about Sonaria and Gulbai Tekra? 

 
 
Page 7 of 7 
Deep Vadodaria: 
Same thing, just a difference in Sonaria, Sonaria is a reconstruction project which is a 
reconstruction of old government buildings, so there again the government has the same 
guideline, so we are just expected to get clearances from the government. The members are 
willing to move out obviously, so that is not really a problem in most of the cases. And as 
soon as we have the clearances, we are going to begin the process in terms of relocating 
these people and starting execution on the ground.  
Moderator: 
Thank You. We would request the participants to please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. As 
there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Deep 
Vadodaria from Nila Infrastructures Limited for closing comments.  
Deep Vadodaria: 
Thank you friends for joining us today. Going forward we will continue on the growth path; 
we will look forward to having you with us in the next quarter’s call. In the meanwhile, our 
team and our IR team will be more than happy to assist you. Thank you again.    
Moderator: 
Thank You. On behalf of Nila Infrastructures Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
