 
Regd. Office: 45/47, Veer Nariman Road, Mumbai 400 001. Tel.: 022-61497000 
Email ID: legal@bajajelectricals.com Website: www.bajajelectricals.com 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L31500MH1938PLC009887 
November 11, 2020 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street Mumbai 400 001 
: Code No. 500031 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
: BAJELEC - Series: EQ  
  BAJ21A -Series A NCDs INE193E08038 
  BAJ21-Series B NCDs INE193E08020  
  BAJ22 -Series C NCDs INE193E08012 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub.: Submission of the Transcript of the Investor Conference Call of Bajaj Electricals Limited 
(“Company”) held on November 5, 2020 
 
Further to our letter dated October 30, 2020, and pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”), we enclose herewith the transcript of the Investor Conference Call which was organised 
by Ambit Capital Private Limited on Thursday, November 5, 2020 at 4:30 PM (IST) to discuss the 
financial results of the Company for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2020.  
 
We request you to take the above on record and the same be treated as compliance under the 
applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully,  
For Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
Shekhar Bajaj 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 00089358 
 
Encl.: as above 
 

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Bajaj Electricals Limited 
2QFY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
  
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DHRUV JAIN – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHEKHAR BAJAJ – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – BAJAJ ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUJ PODDAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - BAJAJ 
ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
 
MS. POOJA BAJAJ – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - 
BAJAJ ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANANT PURANDARE – PRESIDENT & CFO - BAJAJ 
ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bajaj Electricals Limited 2QFY2021 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhruv Jain from 
Ambit Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Dhruv Jain: 
Thanks. Welcome to the 2QFY2021 Earnings Conference Call of Bajaj Electricals. From 
the management today, we have with us Mr. Shekhar Bajaj, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Anuj Poddar, Executive Director, and Mr. Anant Purandare, President and 
CFO. Also, we have with us Ms. Pooja Bajaj. Over to you Sir for your opening comments. 
Shekhar Bajaj: 
Good evening to you. Welcome to this conference call. I am sure that you must have seen 
the results and it looks very exciting. We are also very excited. They are from a level of 
minus Rs.29 Crores in Sep 2019 quarter to plus Rs.72 Crores for this quarter. In CP 
business our EBIT has increased from 4.7% to 10.7%, which is very, very exciting, but I 
must mention that this is not a sustainable number so that you do not do a multiplication 
and add the next two quarters on this basis. So I thought it is important to clarify that this is 
not a sustainable margin because we knew there is a supply issue and further in the Q2, we 
have cut down our publicity, which from Q3 onwards will start., We have started our brand 
building activity w.e.f. October. So, there will be a major publicity cost, many expenses, 
which company did not incur in the Q2 will be incurred in the Q3. However, we can still 
expect compared to last year improvement about 1% in-spite of the lock down, but I do not 
think it is going to be anything around 10%. It is not envisaged, hence very important to 
understand, so that the expectations are more realistic. 
 
Coming to EPC business also, we are very fortunate that many of our old projects, which 
were incomplete, got completed. Not the UP project, but Bihar project, which were earlier 
there and therefore contingencies built as per accounting norms, were finally reversed and 
therefore it improved our bottom line and hence the profitability, which is being shown in 
the Q2.As far as EPC is concerned, operating margins of this quarter may not be sustainable 
so therefore those two things you must note down. One thing is coming out very clear that 
we are playing very conservative and that is why you know for the Bihar projects and all 
because when we complete the project, we do not know whether we will get the payment 
and whether we will complete the project on time, so we always keep sufficient provision 
and that got completed in the Q2 and therefore major reversal has taken place. So that 
becomes an important aspect to understand that there is no additional liability that we 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 17 
should expect in the coming years. As far as, the UP project is concerned, we have made 
enough provisions. So, I think next two quarters, the market is very buoyant. It is going to 
be more of a supply side challenge. The demand is very strong, so if we can improve our 
supply, I think we should be able to continue, and our double-digit growth should be very 
much there. There should be no problem for the next six months. Double-digit growth will 
continue in the consumer business. EPC business is something that as we said that it 
depends on if we get good business and good margins, we will take it. If we do not get, we 
will not do it just to get the topline or to get a growth. The growth is not the objective as far 
as EPC is concerned. It will be based on margins and based on payment terms, which is 
very critical so that our cash flows improve. You must have also seen that our Debt has 
substantially improved from an approximate level of Rs. 2000 Crores last year in March of 
2019 to Rs.1000 Crores approximately in March 2020 and now it is down to Rs.500 odd 
Crores, Rs.550 Crores or so. So that is a substantial improvement, which is taking place and 
therefore our interest cost had gone down to 50% of the previous year. In Q2 also against 
Rs.45 Crores, it has gone down to Rs.22 Crores. So, in every aspect, the balance sheet is 
much better. Outstanding is much better and, we are continuously working to see that we 
get further collections from the pending outstanding. So, once that gets cleared then CP 
business is doing well. There is no financial problem there. Margins are okay. There is also 
one other aspect, which we have to just keep in mind, this may get impact by 0.5% to 1% is 
that the raw material & commodity prices have started to go up and with that may be we 
may not be able to pass on all to the market place so that can also impact our margin. So, 
these were my opening remarks. Now Anuj would you like to add something. 
Anuj Poddar: 
Yes sure. I have had a few points to what the chairman had said to put in the context of 
what we have been talking about earlier to all of you. I think I am very pleased with our Q2 
results and this frankly is the continuation of the larger strategy that we have been following 
since last year and that was both driven by balance sheet focus last year, but with an intent 
to then see the benefit in the P&L this year. Despite the fixed headline point, I will not 
repeat the numbers since you all have the numbers. (1) Number one is our focus in the 
consumer products business and growing that. We have seen the benefits and the results of 
that. Right now, it is about a 13% growth in consumer business. I think the demand is 
clearly there as we are probably picking up in the market, but the real focus for us has been 
to service that demand. The supplies have been the biggest constraint in the last few months 
and the company has managed to service that demand effectively and benefiting on the 
topline and the bottomline and that has been a current focus and continues to get focused in 
Q3 also, to take advantage of the market place. (2) Point two, there is very sharp 
improvement in profitability of margins at all levels. The chairman has already spoken 
about that. There are a couple of points there that incidentally is the highest ever quarterly 
profits for our consumer business for our company and at an absolute term. In margin terms 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 17 
in percentage terms also it is the highest margin for our consumer business since 2010. So 
that is the good news. Having said that as Mr. Bajaj has already shared, I think Q2 margins 
will not be extrapolative for the reasons mentioned. I will be happy to dive further into that 
on the question if you have and give you a little more color on that. EPC, we benefitted by 
one-time closure. Having said that there will be a certain amount of drag or losses on the 
EPC for another three or four quarters, like I have been maintaining, but our focus remains 
to keep reducing that loss while you know growing the consumer business so that net out, 
we are starting to show growth and positive trends of the company. 
 
On the balance sheet, we have already seen the strong cash flow numbers to break that up 
further into Q2. Q2 operating cash flow was Rs.322 Crores positive. That is strong 
performance, but that again is not extrapolative. I will be happy to take questions on that. 
 
Finally, on the debt figure of Rs.559 Crores if you remember our last investor call that is the 
guidance we have given for March 2021. I am happy to report that we have achieved that in 
September 2020. We will aim to continue to improve on that. Let me take a pause now and 
open it up for questions please.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Good evening Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question if you could help us in 
terms of the growth in various categories of appliances, consumer part of business? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Sure. Our Appliances have grown by about 14%. Our Fans has grown by 20%. Morphy 
Richards has grown by 12% and Lighting has been flat  
Achal Lohade: 
Right and has the growth been even throughout the quarter or you saw the exit being better 
and how is the current quarter looking like in terms of the momentum? Has the momentum 
remained good or you are seeing some softness out there? 
Anuj Poddar: 
The July month was slightly negative single digit negative Y-O-Y, but August and 
September, the growth has picked up, so we were at a good run rate. We have entered the 
current quarter also at a good run rate. Having said that Diwali is now next week, so 
typically primary sales in October have been very good. We want to see if the demand 
continues to hold up as strong post Diwali to see how the full quarter will pan out. 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. You commented on the supply constraint. So, are you talking about supply 
constraints for us specifically or the industry? Were there any lost sales according to you for 
us in the quarter? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, I think the supply issues are industry wide. It has progressively improving every month. 
So, I remember back in June and July or July and August we did have significant supply 
issue. We fixed that month on month, but having said that even September, we did have 
certain stock outs. We have become at a festive level not at a category wise level, but we 
have had supply constraints. Had there been no supply constraints, our sales would have 
been even higher. October also it has reduced, but it has been little. November I can 
confidently tell you that from what our current stocking levels are, we think we should not 
have any stock outs in November at all. So, it has been progressively reducing every month. 
We could have done better in Q2 had it not been for supply constraints. Q3 should be better 
on that front. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. Just last question if I may with respect to the margins, you said the EPC margins 
specifically there has been one-time reversal? Can you talk about the quantum of the 
reversal of the provision and you also said the losses could be there for EPC in the segment 
for another three to four quarters? I was just curious you know are we looking at this turn 
around getting pushed further to sustain the quarter next year? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, first on the onetime thing, our CFO can confirm we had about eight or nine project 
closure. These were small projects and non-UP project and we have had a margin relief at 
about Rs.40 -44 Crores if I remember this number correct. In terms of the turnaround, 
irrespective of the margin releases, etc., we will continue to focus on the EPC cost and the 
losses while we continue to bear that. I think when I shared with you on the last call the 
numbers, initially we had hoped that post March 2021 we should not have losses in EPC, 
but at that point I had shared in the last call that will probably go into two quarters of the 
next financial year particularly because of COVID, etc., set us back by a couple of quarter 
and EPC execution and unlike consumer demand, EPC execution takes its time. You cannot 
catch up for that at a faster pace so to that extent which we believe around September we 
should be able to get out of that. So that in absolute terms, it should continue to reduce and 
if we keep growing consumer, the net effect should remain in the positive side. Probably 
CFO can just confirm the margins that I spoke about. 
Anant Purandare: 
They are around Rs.40 Crores? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Yes. 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Achal Lohade: 
Great, I will come back in the queue for followup. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Garud from Ocean Dial Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Garud: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. I wanted to understand the growth, which we have seen 
across these appliances and how has the aggregate growth for the market been and is it 
purely from the market share gains and if that is the case when do you expect the 
unorganized guys come back to normalcy and may be the normal trajectory coming back on 
a competitive level and aggregate growth level for consumer durables? 
Anuj Poddar: 
To the first question aggregate growth at an industry level, I think we are on par with our 
top two or three competitors, there is 1% or 2% point difference between us and a couple of 
them. A couple of others I am not sure, but I think I will just put that down to slight 
variation in that product mix or something like that, but largely in par at an industry level. I 
think the difference for us has been at the bottom-line level and that has also been part of 
our focus. On the market share, etc., I think most of our top three players in the larger 
organized players have grown market share and smaller unorganized players have lost a 
certain amount of market share during this period partly because of our ability to turn 
around supplies and manage this period of the last five or six months. Will that continue, I 
do not know. I will hope that we are capable of continue to do what is right to hold on to the 
market share. In general, as the management our aspiration and target remain to outgrow 
ahead of industry average growth. So, at Bajaj Electricals, we will continue to work for that 
and therefore the definition at least we hope to continue increasing our market share at least. 
Ashutosh Garud: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhargava Buddha from Kotak Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhargava Buddhadev: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations team for a very good performance. The 
first question is in terms of, is it possible to quantify what are the receivables pertaining to 
the EPC business as on September 30, 2020 and what is the retention amount and when can 
this get liquidated? 
Anuj Poddar: 
I will hand this over to our CFO. 
Anant Purandare: 
Yes Bhargav, the EPC receivables are as of September 30, 2020 are Rs.1721 Crores and out 
of this, there is a retention money of around Rs.660 Crores. 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And can we expect this retention money to get liquidated in a year’s time minimum 
whatever? 
Anant Purandare 
See these are across various projects, Rs.200 Crores pertains to UP EPC projects. Around 
Rs.250 Crores is related to old rural electrification projects and around Rs.180 Crores is for 
the transmission line towers. So, all these retentions, there are different due dates for the 
collection, and they are all again linked to the closure of project, financial closure of project 
and the retention money. So, this will come in the phased manner. It will not come as 
everything at one time. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
I mean given very strong cash generation that has happened and possible that some of this 
can also close in the next six months? Is it fair to say that a year from now, Bajaj Electricals 
can become a debt free company? 
Anuj Poddar: 
We hope so right. Having said that we must be balanced in our view. We have managed to 
overachieve right now in the first six months compared to what our full year target was but 
let me also tell you why Q2 numbers are so strong. On the consumer side, we have 
extended our credit period with most vendors, etc., in this period and you know our 
inventory levels had also gone down because we were selling out everything in a stock out 
situation. Both elements will gradually reverse out. So, to that extent, the cycle will 
normalize in the working capital. On inventory given the stock outs, etc., that we faced this 
time rather to be on the side of caution build up higher stocks so that we do not have a loss 
of sale situation. In general inventory like December onwards will start building because as 
we come closer to summer fans and coolers, we do build that up. My point is our cash flow 
will remain positive, but not at this kind of extrapolative numbers. Will we write out Rs.560 
Crores of Debt in the next six months - No. Can we do that in the next four to five quarters - 
hopefully yes. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And lastly you mentioned in your earlier remarks that this entire gross margins 
improvement in the consumer business is not sustainable and agree this is not sustainable 
because of the savings in the ad spend, but is it possible to quantify what has been the gross 
improvement in the consumer business and whether that is sustainable or is it is possible to 
improve that going forward? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, let me answer that on gross EBIT margin. Our gross margin consumer has increased Y-
O-Y in Q2 from 27.7% to 30.2% that is 2.5% increase. The gross margin reversal will 
happen because of the commodity price will change. In Q1 and Q2 we had a downward 
movement in commodity prices, and we had a sharp upward movement since October. That 
will lead to an increase in the cost of gross margin. The second level is the EBIT margin 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 17 
where it comes into the other elements also that Mr. Bajaj has already spoken of including 
normalization of a lot of cost cuts that we have done, and this will normalize. We have 
already started spending Q3 quarter but having said that some of the cuts on overhead, 
efficiency that we have delivered we hope to maintain some of that. We do not want to go 
back to pre COVID level overheads in spends so we will be somewhere in the range. We 
will see improvement in margins, but not to the level we enjoyed in Q2. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Okay. Thank you very much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Good evening Sir. Congratulations for the strong results. I missed the initial 5 to 10 of the 
call so kindly excuse if I repeat couple of my questions. Sir first question would be given 
the strong growth that we have seen in consumer and demand coming back what would be 
the broad sense in terms of now or looking at growth in the next six to 12 months? In 
addition, the kind of market share gains that we have seen do we believe a good share of 
this market share gain should sustain an improve going ahead given the new product 
launches and revamp and marketing ad spends will queue up for the rest of the year? That is 
my first question? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Mr. Bajaj will answer, and I can supplement it. 
Shekhar Bajaj: 
Basically, I think before you came in, I already mentioned that these types of margins are 
not sustainable because there were a number of costs, which did not incur in the Q2. Plus, 
we cut down the publicity substantially in terms of brand building, because of the supply 
constraints. So there was no logic of spending money when you cannot meet the demand 
also, which we have started in October so therefore to that extent, the margins will come, it 
will be better than last year clearly, but it will be nowhere near 10%. It will be anything 6% 
to 7% level I think this is where we may end up at and as far as growth is concerned double 
digit growth clearly, I see. If the supplies are better, it may be even better. Anuj would you 
like to add. 
Anuj Poddar: 
This demand question, this Q2 maximum was pent up demand, which means pent up versus 
regular demand right. I think in another word that people do not talk about, which is work 
from home demand, which is different from pent up demand. Pent up demand is simply 
because of lock down, people could not go out and buy and therefore they came back in two 
to three months post lock down to buy what is pent up. That part is long over. Now if you 
see with the second cycle of demand, which is the work from home demand because people 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 17 
put a higher level of gadgetization at home to upgrading the appliances. So, I think two to 
three months of pent up demand and we add two to three months cycle of work from home 
demand. At some point that curve or wave will also be over. Then it comes back to the 
normal demand cycle. So, I think question really is what is that normal demand cycle going 
to be. There I think my guess is as good as yours. We are waiting to see. Since we have 
started well as I have said earlier in the call that we are waiting to see what happens after 
Diwali. Somewhere the commentary always has been that rural has done well in the last 
five to six months. I would like to believe now going forward urban should also pickup if 
we see the genuine numbers on COVID and the general numbers of economy, etc., 
somewhere the economy kicking in should see the urban demand also come back. Having 
said what is the level of growth we will see in that. Our target internally is to push to meet 
the FY2020 numbers. This year we lost two months, but in 10 months can we do 12 months 
of FY2020 number. If we can do that itself is good. If we achieve growth over and above 
that, to me that is a bonus. The market share as I spoke earlier is good. As the management 
tend to keep growing our market share and grow ahead of industry. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir what would be the proximate market share gain that we witnessed in the last six 
months? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Renu that is a very general for this very, very significantly by category to category, but I 
will say all the top three to four players have gained at the cost of others. So right now, we 
have not gained versus of the three or four players, we did gain versus the others. I think 
when things normalize it comes back between the three to four players are, we are gaining 
share or not. 
Shekhar Bajaj: 
Renu I like to just add that there is a significant fall in the market share of the unorganized 
players and therefore most of the organized players have seen improvement in their sales 
turnover so therefore they must be gaining from their unorganized players because they did 
not have the supplies. When we had a problem of supplies, they would have a much bigger 
problem and then this changed everything. That was there. I think we gained market share 
there, whether they will come back or not after a quarter or so, we will have to see. That is 
the market share gain that we have received. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure Sir and Sir related to the consumer business have we guided anything with respect to 
the ad spends of the second half of the year given that now we have a strong portfolio and a 
few launches in place so what kind of ad spend do we plan to support that in the next six 
months ad spend or A&P spend accumulatively? 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Anuj Poddar: 
Our original guidance has been that our ad spend will hover between 4.5% to 5% of 
consumer sale. We under spent in the first few months due to pandemic and supply 
situation, but that will normalize going forward. I do not think it is the time to cut ad spends 
as the market is growing, demand is there, and we have the longest strategic objectives and 
we will meet our objectives. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure and Sir my last question would be on this side on Nirlep as we have started now 
coming with more aggressive on that portfolio also in terms of A&P spend as well as our 
portfolio ramp up so if you can give some inputs in terms of initiatives on the portfolio 
expansion and distribution and if you have any near to medium term targets for this 
portfolio? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So Nirlep also while we do not disclose Nirlep separately into the product category but let 
me share that Nirlep also had very firm growth in the past few months. In fact, Nirlep more 
than many of the others has seen a lot of supply constraints. Our factories have been 
running at far more than 100% capacity, which we could have done it more and we could 
have seen more growth in that. In terms of A&P you are correct, so Nirlep also as a brand 
with something that we are supported recently. We have got that on air, etc., the 
advertisements on that. In terms of portfolio expansion, I do not know if Nirlep specifically 
or overall, but you know I cannot talk too much, but we continue to drive strategic portfolio 
expansion. We are not expanding or widening for the sake of topline, but you know we are 
in the key focused area where we will see new launches coming in. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure, thank you and all the best Sir. I will get back for followup questions again. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Riddhima Chandak from Roha AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Riddhima Chandak: 
Good evening Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is regarding our 
alternative sales channel revenue contribution so in FY2020 it was approximately 31% in 
which ecommerce and government channel contributed significantly that is 26% and 41% 
so now in the first half what is the current contribution and going forward what sort of 
percentage we are looking at in the consumer channel? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Let me answer that in Q2 because Q1 is an aberration. It is not a good quarter to compare. 
You know 70:30 you are correct. That remains at 70:30 now, in fact it ranges at about 71%, 
but that is because if you look at alternate on one hand you had very strong growth on e-
commerce. The last quarter it was about 10% to 11%. Last quarter when I spoke it was 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 17 
about 12%. This quarter it is about 13%. E-commerce has grown share, but at the same time 
government channel, has degrown the absolute terms and the MFR has stayed close to flat 
to slightly no performance. So overall the alternate channel mix is at about 29%.  
Riddhima Chandak: 
So, going forward it could remain in this breakup 70:30? 
Anuj Poddar: 
E-commerce will continue to grow very strong. MFR which is modern retail will grow from 
here than it did in the past two quarters. The government will remain subdued and we 
remain negative on that because of various policy changes that we are seeing. 
Riddhima Chandak: 
Okay and what is the rural and urban contribution breakup? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Rural and urban, we do not publish because we do not have accurate way to measure that. It 
is very difficult to do that, but still largely urban for us. Rural growth has been stronger than 
urban, but the total share of urban remains higher than rural. 
Riddhima Chandak: 
In the year FY2020, we almost had 190000 to 200000 retailers are we focusing majorly on 
tier 1 cities in the coming quarters? 
Anuj Poddar: 
I think in the last quarter we have added another 2000 or 3000 retailers or retail counters, 
but for us given our beneficial numbers and reach, the greater focus is to growth asset to 
have sales growth and get higher wallet share and higher billing per counter rather than 
grow number of counters. We are seeing greater benefit in that given where we are at 
present. Having said that of course we will keep growing, but relatively greater focus on 
getting more billing per counter. 
Riddhima Chandak: 
From the information point of view so our growth is very good during the quarter, I know 
that we are short of supply in some of our product categories, but is it majorly of volume 
driven growth or value driven like are people buying more of premium product categories 
or so? Can you give us some clarity on this? 
Anuj Poddar: 
For us it is volume and value driven growth. One is there is more demand in terms of 
volume. In our case, it is not per person spending higher because of them moving up the 
ladder. If anything, I think what I should say there is arbitrage in the lower side on 
purchase, but we have also had our value also come because we have had certain price 
increases since July/August. So, it is more volume combined with our price increases rather 
than upgrading our products and consumers. 
Riddhima Chandak: 
Okay so price increase in what is the percent 2% to 5%? 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Anuj Poddar: 
2% to 2.5%, it is not across the board. 
Riddhima Chandak: 
Sorry. 
Anuj Poddar: 
2% to 2.5%. I am just giving a very general point. It is not across the board. 
Riddhima Chandak: 
And any Capex for the FY2021? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Not significant. We are investing and we are seeing certain other internal things, but not 
Capex, or big-ticket Capex. 
Riddhima Chandak: 
Thank you for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Sir I just want to understand more in the power 
appliances category, particularly on the water heater side. Sir how have you seen the 
competition in this category? Can you give some comments? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, I do not know if you meant for water heaters specifically or appliances in general. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
It could be great if you can give appliance in general and water heaters also? 
Anuj Poddar: 
You know I always say that we are in the business with a very low entry barrier. We always 
have competition. We always have new players coming in and new players are not small 
unorganized players. They are large players. Even in our businesses, the appliances we have 
seen the commentary for another competitor. Many of our competitors may not have been 
focused on appliances, but let us say on fans, they are growing aggressively in appliances. 
We are very conscious of that okay, so we will keep seeing more competition from the large 
established players as well from new players coming to the business. That is the reality. So, 
I do not think that is something we can expect not to happen. So, our only gain frankly is to 
keep running faster but keep investing our products on so that we can maintain our growth 
in a market share and that includes water heaters also. I do not want to take names, but you 
know about the players here aggressively targeting that segment also. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay so you have seen any addition of the new players in the market for water heater 
specifically? Anything you have observed? 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Anuj Poddar: 
Let me put that up. In the last six months, I have not seen new players, but I have seen 
established players who are our competitors, but who are not erstwhile strong in water 
heaters coming aggressively into that and obviously there is competition. Similarly, in the 
kitchen and other things there is competition. Over the next one to one and half year, I do 
see new players also coming in. I think new players took a back seat in the COVID times, 
but in the normal times they will also come back. In COVID times if the new players do not 
venture, but established players continue to drive expansion. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Sir on the e-commerce side, I just want to understand your strategy going forward like how 
you are selling, are you going through established players like Amazon and Flipkart or you 
are going through your own portal or you have any plan or intention or moving through 
increasing investing into the e-commerce space like is there anything in the pipeline? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Mayaank your voice was not very clear but let me try and answer that. On the e-commerce 
side and the last question, you said, which is are we going to invest in our platform of mark 
place frankly no? We do have our web site. We have an omnichannel strategy, but the fact 
that consumers do not go in major brand size. There are established markets places. There is 
no way we can compete with Amazon or Flipkart. So, we are very clear we are a brand 
owner. We are a product owner and that is our competent not to compete in the market 
space but rather to partner with these markets. We work very closely with these 
marketplaces. In general e-commerce has been an area of strength for Bajaj Electricals and 
we will continue to provide innovation what we use to do that, but it remains a focus area 
for us and we tend to continue growing on that. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay Sir thanks. 
Shekhar Bajaj: 
I like to just add one point, which actually nobody has asked this question, but I just thought 
to share with you is that lot of people are not realizing that our customer care that is after 
sales service setup is so strong on an all India basis. So people like Flipkart and Amazon 
find it very convenient to sell our products because they know that a good service will be 
offered, which many of the people who may have a good product and is very competitive 
with price in consumer durables, the after sale service is very critical. So that is something, 
which we are best in the small appliances, we are clearly in terms of after sales service, our 
customer care set up is stronger. So that can also be a big advantage for Flipkart and 
Amazon that once they have sold it, they do not need to worry. This point, which nobody 
ever raised it so I thought I would like to share that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you for the followup opportunity Sir. I am kind of harping on this with respect to 
cost reduction you did not talk about the A&P was you for the Q2? Is it possible to 
quantify? 
Anuj Poddar: 
A&P was I think 2.1% in Q2 against a general guidance of 4.5%, but also keep in mind 
4.5% to 5% is an annual guidance. There is always quarter wise fluctuation even in normal 
year. So Q3, which is a big quarter. In fact, Q2 normally is the lowest quarter because Q3 is 
big quarter it is a festive quarter. Q1 and Q2 are summer quarters. They are spending on 
fans and coolers, so Q2 generally tends to be a lower quarter. It is even lower this year 
because we chose to cut back on it.  
Achal Lohade: 
So, is this 2.1% would you have the number for Q2 FY2020 as of now? 
Anant Purandare: 
Absolute number for the half year it is around Rs.30 Crores to Rs.32 Crores and for the 
quarter it is 17 Crores. 
Anuj Poddar: 
What is last year’s percent. 
Achal Lohade: 
Meanwhile let me ask on the cost reduction, I mean we have talked about that in the past? 
Where are we in that journey? Have we kind of reached 40% to 50% of our target cost 
reduction or it is still long way to go? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Which one EPC cost reduction. 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes, EPC cost reduction? 
Anuj Poddar: 
I think it is lesser than 40% yo 50% cost reduction yet because these are not linear cost 
reduction that we do. We have certain execution to do. We maintain the infrastructure and 
then based on the each of project, etc., once current projects are over then you can take 
more explicit calls on that. 
Achal Lohade: 
I wanted to check with respect to supply disruption is it largely for the categories where 
there is import dependence or is it across the product categories and the market share gains 
is more evident for this imported categories or it is across the board? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, one is let me clarify imports are very small percent. We are largely an India sourcing 
company. Number two the supply disruptions are more on the Indian local sourcing. It is 
not so much to do with imports. The market share by imports quite frankly we do not 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 17 
measure the market share based on imports, but I think market share is really across the 
board versus the unorganized sector that we are. 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay got it. Just the A&P if you could give the quantum for last year same quarter? 
Anuj Poddar: 
That is Rs.21 Crores last year September quarter. So do your math on that. 
Achal Lohade: 
I will take it offline. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Bhor from Premji Invest. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Bhor: 
Great performance in the quarter. Just one clarification. You said 1% margin over last year, 
which is full year FY2020 versus full year FY2021 you will do 1% better? Is that 
understanding correct? 
Anuj Poddar: 
That is correct Akshay. The general for Q1 our analysis, but otherwise on an annual basis 
we have been guiding improved margins by 1% point. 
Shekhar Bajaj: 
Just to add Q1 we ended up with the consumer business minus 50%? We 0%, 50% and 
100% in the month of June so it became 50% on an average negative growth. By the end of 
half year we have now reached a minus 20%. We are hoping that minus 20% will get 
nullified before the end of the year? Internally we are looking at January. By the end of 
January if we can catch up then February and March, we should have some growth 
compared to last year. 
Akshay Bhor: 
Understood Sir. I was trying to understand you are saying that sales will be like last year so 
this margin number that you are talking about is a comparable full year margin number, 
right? 
Anuj Poddar: 
I am not sure if I got your question right, but the last year margin was, the FY2020 margin 
we said it will take nine months. Our margins should be at 1% point higher. 
Akshay Bhor: 
For nine months? 
Anuj Poddar: 
For annum we want to expand the margin by 1%. 
Akshay Bhor: 
Understood. That is right. My next question is you have been guiding for a double-digit 
margin over three years now so fast forward to FY2023 now? Is there a comfort level for 
you to get to that double-digit margin? 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Anuj Poddar: 
I hope so if we can get that faster. If we have more such quarters, we will take it. If we have 
guided for four years, if we are going to do it of course we will do everything we can. Just 
to add, we are very conscious of that. Even this quarter expansion has happened because we 
were very conscious of costs, etc., but with that said it is important that we do not dilute our 
strategic objectives for the short term operating goal, so we do have certain investments and 
certain things that we need to fix and certain product spends. So, we will do that 
irrespective of a short-term P&L impact. That is the reason I guided that way. 
Akshay Bhor: 
Understood and on the EPC side Sir the receivable numbers are still very high? It is sort of 
Rs.1700 Crores receivable on the topline of the 1500 to 1700 Crores this year? What is the 
timeline with respect to getting the money back? The related question being asked is just 
this number seems a bit off in terms of where is your topline and this right now in 365 days 
of receivable? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So Akshay that remains a challenge from the faster collection if anything these six months 
the collection has slowed down rather than improve in terms of payouts from the 
government to the client has not very good particularly in the UP side. For various reasons 
there are delays. We continue to engage very aggressively with them to get that speeded up. 
Hopefully second half collection on UP should be much better than the first half collection 
in UP. So, lot of the collections that we see have happened in a non-UP project and not in 
UP projects, but to me that is not a risk on collection. It is a risk on time. That is likely 
outside our control. So just to clarify that is not to do with anything else. That is true with 
other contractors too and therefore I say it is not a collectability issue. It is timing and 
payment issue because the issue is at the clients end and not at our end. 
Akshay Bhor: 
My question is let us say one year out once all these transit issues are out of the way what 
kind of receivable levels should we be comfortable with? If are doing Rs.1500 to Rs.2000 
Crores as topline again similarly the overall capital employed side on the EPC side? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Akshay on the EPC business the revenue of P&L from the working capital or the receivable 
so that is not a normal linear business where you are measuring. You have a different P&L 
and revenue goal based on your order booking and fresh project and that is guided by and 
these receivables are part of the legacy and not linked not current P&L. So normally we 
make sure it does not come into play. So, our focus is both are separate revenues. Revenues 
will keep driving going forward in terms of future projects, strategy and order book how we 
are going to build that out. The receivables we continue to work on the target selection and 
what are the cast flows received because of the focus on that, but that again does not move 
into linear. It moves into chunks, but if there is some good traction. Hopefully in the next 
six months, we should have some traction in UP. I cannot give an absolute guidance but 

 
 
        Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 17 
hold us accountable to trend or direction on that. Every quarter you will see that coming 
down. 
Akshay Bhor: 
Great thanks team. I will leave it at that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Shekhar Bajaj: 
Thank you very much for the questions. This is the shortest investors meet we have had so I 
think generally people are satisfied that is why there are not too many questions and we are 
very positive as far as the market is concerned in terms of demand for consumer products. 
Also new projects, which are going on are problem with EPC is that we have got old 
money, which are blocked up, which are slowly collecting in UP project, but otherwise in 
the current whatever EPC business we are doing our objective is that next year we should 
look at a possible rotation of the money may be three rotation at least 2.5 to 3 times rotation 
takes places. So even with a 5% or 6% EBITDA we can have a 15% to 18% ROCE, which 
should be our objective at least in the EPC business. If we see that type of return then it 
becomes worthwhile to expand that business, but at this moment our objective is to first 
stabilize, get our old payments and as somebody suggested are you going to become cash 
positive. So, this time in we took approval of Rs.100 Crores of FD may be allowed because 
till now we always were borrowing money. We have never deposited money. So, this time 
our finance people said that it can happen in some quarter if the collections are very good 
you may be running positive and therefore at this moment, we never had permission from 
the board to deposit and take FDs or mutual fund. So that we have taken approval this time 
to show that our finance people are very positive about our collection’s performance in the 
future. So, I am very positive. I think the market is expanding. We are very strong in our 
distribution as far as rural market is concerned and therefore rural market is where I think 
maximum growth is going to come and I think we will benefit out of the RREP, the range 
and reach expansion plan that we bid over the last three, four, five years that is the benefit 
that we should be getting in the future and also clearly the e-commerce is going to be 
something where the maximum growth is going to come. So, we have kept our full side 
towards that to see that we can continue to grow, so with these words I think we will close 
this meeting and thank you very much for joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ambit Capital that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
