 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd Office: A 18, First Floor, FIEE Complex, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase II, New Delhi - 110020 (India).  T +91 11 41610660 F+91 11 41610659 
GE T&D India Limited
L31102DL1957PLC193993 
 
T-5 & T-6 , Plot I-14, Axis House,  
Jaypee Wishtown, sector-128,  
Noida-201304, Uttar Pradesh 
 
T +91 120 5021500 
F +91 120 5021501 
 
https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited 
 
November 24, 2020 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
MUMBAI 400 001 
The Manager 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East) 
MUMBAI  400 051
Code No. 522275 
Symbol: GET&D 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript - GE T&D India Limited Earnings Call for Investors held on November 11, 2020 
 
Please find enclosed a copy of the Transcript of earnings conference call with analysts/ institutional 
investors held on November 11, 2020 in respect of financial results for the second quarter and half year 
ended on September 30, 2020. 
 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GE T&D India Limited 
 
 
 
Manoj Prasad Singh 
Company Secretary  
 
MANOJ 
PRASAD 
SINGH 
Digitally signed by MANOJ 
PRASAD SINGH 
DN: cn=MANOJ PRASAD 
SINGH  c=IN o=Personal
Reason: I am the author of this
document
Location: 
Date: 2020-11-24 12:16+05:30

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
GE T&D India Limited Second Quarter and Half Year 
ended 30th September 2020, Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. PITAMBER SHIVNANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, GE T&D INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, GE 
T&D INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NAGESH TILWANI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, GE 
T&D INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP ZANZARIA – COMMERCIAL LEADER, GE 
T&D INDIA LIMITED  
MR. SHAILESH MISHRA – OPERATIONS LEADER, GE T&D 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ANSHUAL MADAN – COMMUNICATIONS LEADER, GE 
T&D INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUNEEL MISHRA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, GE 
T&D INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MANOJ PRASAD SINGH – COMPANY SECRETARY, GE 
T&D INDIA LIMITED 
                                    

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the GE T&D India Limited Second Quarter and 
Half Year ended 30th September 2020, Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today from the management Mr. Pitamber Shivnani – Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sushil Kumar – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Nagesh Tilwani – 
Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria –Commercial Leader, Mr. Shailesh Mishra –
Operations Leader, Mr. Manoj Prasad Singh – Company Secretary, Mr. Anshul Madaan –
Communications Leader, and Mr. Sunil Mishra – Head of Investor Relations. 
As a remainder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Suneel Mishra – Head of Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Suneel Mishra: 
Thank you, Steve. I wish all of you are safe and healthy. So welcome to today's conference call 
with our management team. As we know, this conference call has been organized to present and 
discuss financial results for the second quarter of the current financial year ended on 30th 
September, 2020. 
Please note that this conference call is scheduled up to 6:00 p.m. I hope you would have received 
the investor analyst presentation, and the same also has been uploaded at our website. I hope you 
have also read the disclaimer as per Slide #2. 
So I would now request Mr. Pitamber Shivnani, who is our Managing Director, to begin this 
conference call, highlighting key events of the quarter. Thereafter, Mr. Shailesh Mishra will be 
presenting slides on operations and execution. Then Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria will give us an update 
on order and market, followed by Mr. Sushil Kumar, who will be speaking on financials. 
So I now invite Mr. Shivnani to begin the conference with his opening remarks, and take us through 
Page 3 and 4 of the deck. Over to Mr. Shivnani. 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
Thank you, Suneel. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening. Thanks for joining the call. We hope 
you and your families are healthy and safe. I would like to start this call by giving you a brief 
overview about the last quarter and then would request my other colleagues who are present in the 
call to go through the details. 
I must say, I am encouraged by our progress we made in the second quarter. Despite the ongoing 
effects of COVID-19 pandemic on our year-to-date results, we have building momentum across 
all product lines, and I am proud of our team's efforts to quickly spring back into action and putting 
operation back on track after the easing of lockdown restriction. All our factories and project sites 
are operating at 90% to 100% capacity now. I want to thank all my GE colleagues who have been 
working round the clock to serve our customers, our communities and our company. 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
In quarter two, our order booking remained pressured due to the pandemic, but our actions helped 
us drive an improved profitability and cash performance. Our sales revenue was up by 6% to Rs. 
871 crores compared to Rs. 820 crores during quarter two of last financial, year and Rs. 643 crores 
during Q1 financial year 2021. Quarter-on-quarter sales was up by 35%. Financials, our EBITDA 
in quarter two financial year 2021 was better, which was backed by strong execution and numerous 
cost saving actions taken by our operational teams. We delivered an EBITDA of Rs. 42.8 crores 
in quarter two against an EBITDA of Rs. 3.9 crores in second quarter of last financial year. 
Otherwise, we booked new orders worth Rs. 540 crores in quarter two. As the market unfolds 
gradually, we will have more opportunities to target. And my colleague, Sandeep, will touch upon 
the orders in detail later in the call. 
India is making great strides towards renewable energy generation and have committed to more 
than double its non-fossil fuel target to 450 gigawatts by 2030, which is much beyond 175 gigawatt 
committed earlier as a part of 2015 Paris Climate Agreement. This will open a steady stream of 
evacuation opportunities for grid industry. In the next five years itself, we expect an investment 
inflow of US$15 billion in Indian transmission space. This was primarily driven by increased green 
energy capacity, expansion of central and state utilities, growth in industrial sector and 
restructuring of aging assets. We are also expecting a steady growth of opportunities in our 
neighboring countries like Nepal, Bhutan, Sri Lanka as they strengthen their power infrastructure. 
GE T&D India Limited has advantage of having a solid manufacturing footprints in India, backed 
by more than 60 years of manufacturing presence in India and world-class manufacturing facilities. 
We are well placed to meet the growing demand in the transmission space. To drive sustainable 
profitability and incremental revenues in this emerging market, our belief in selectivity, acquiring 
profitable business remains undeterred. We remain committed on delivering the projects timely 
and with high quality by continuously strengthening our operational excellence. We leveraged the 
first two quarters of financial year 2021 to drive lean initiatives across our organization to improve 
our operational excellence, cash collection and supply chain recovery, all of which helped us to 
deliver a better quarter in terms of profitability. Going ahead, we will continue to drive these 
optimization and improvement wherever required.  
Cash over revenue continues to be my mantra. I am confident that these efforts will help us to 
perform even better. Our order book remains healthy, and we continue to have a solid backlog of 
Rs. 53 billion. With that, I will hand over to my colleague, Shailesh, to talk on operational 
highlights of Q2. Over to you, Shailesh. 
Shailesh Mishra: 
Thank you, Mr. Shivnani. And welcome, and good afternoon, good evening to all the participants 
who are there on the call. So as Mr. Shivnani was saying that there are various operational 
excellence, lean measures are taken during these last two quarters and prior to that also. 
We have also been putting lot of emphasis on the environment, health and safety. We all have our 
own GE standards, however, always customers and institutional certificates give us a more stand 
onto the activities which we are doing, that we are moving in the right direction. In line with this, 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
we received an award for excellence from National Safety Council of India. Herein, we usually 
have to nominate our projects and they are evaluated on the standards with which we have done 
the execution. So this was definitely a feather in the cap when we talk about the safety standards, 
which we are following. 
Also, quarter two had been pretty good in terms of operational activities. There had been a strong 
execution. With a little bit of lull which we saw in Q1, where we had to close down many of our 
sites, some of our factories as well. Q2 really picked up very well. Customers also wanted their 
projects to be commissioned on time, and they wanted to recover the time losses, which had 
happened in Q1. In line with this, we just tried giving a collage of picture, the projects which we 
have commissioned in Q2. And it is a mix bag of our various customers. 
For an example, we did a 66 kV HPPTCL project, which is in Himachal Pradesh, which is a state 
electricity board. Industry project for HMEL Bathinda refinery, this is a 132 kV and 220 kV GIS 
substation, that was commissioned in the period of Q2. We commissioned two projects of Odisha 
Power Transmission Company Limited, which is again a state electricity board, and this is 132 kV 
GIS substation, both the projects were commissioned during this period. NTPC, Darlipalli as well 
as Kahalgaon. Darlipalli is a 765 kV switchyard which is commissioned in this period. There are 
some more activities which are pending, and we are closing that at the site. The Kahalgaon project 
is a 400 kV GIS project, which is also commissioned in this period of Q2. 
So these are from the central utilities. Same project for Bhuj. Bhuj is a 765 kV substation. In that, 
400 kV and 220 kV portion is commissioned during this period of Q2. 765 kV portion will also be 
commissioned in the present quarter. And the Adani Ghatampur Transmission Limited, which is 
basically customer is a developer, so for them also we commissioned at 765 kV AIS substation at 
Greater Noida. 
So these were some very strong operational and execution related activities which we completed 
in Q2. With this, I will hand it over to Sandeep for the commercial update. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thank you, Shailesh. And good afternoon, everybody. So the market remained muted from the 
commercial side or from the order standpoint in Q2 as well. As you are aware that there was a 
limited activity which happened in the state sector. And in the central sector as well, the TBCB 
opportunities have got shifted, so for example, which were earlier due in September are now due 
in November, December; and two, three packages are due in January. So there was a shift in the 
TBCB opportunities of Green Energy Corridor as well. 
We secured an order intake of close to about Rs. 540 crores, as Pitamber said, during the quarter. 
And in which the important package was the 400 kV GIS substation along with transformers to be 
built in Nepal. And this is basically for the hydropower evacuation to be done from Nepal. So an 
important milestone for there, because this will be one of the large projects which we will be doing 
in Nepal. 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
OPTCL, of course, we have a very good strike rate in OPTCL. And practically, for last two to 
three years, most of their automation business which comes has been won by GE. And in that same 
continuation, we won the implementation of the substation automation systems for the seven 
packages of 220 kV. 
During last few years, we have been a consistent partner for Tata Power as well for building a lot 
of substations of 66 kV in Delhi. And accordingly, we also won the latest one which was Bhalswa. 
And of course, Avaada last year, we won the various packages of 400 kV subscription and 
transformers to be built for evacuation of their renewable project. And in the same continuation 
we received the orders for further two numbers of transformers for their evacuation of the power 
plant. 
If you really look at the H1 scenario, then the order intake is close to about Rs. 982 crores from 
Rs. 1,107 crores last year. But this year, what we are looking is also a reduction in the market 
because of the COVID situation. 
So thank you very much, and I hand over to Sushil. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Thanks, Sandeep. And good evening all. Moving to Page 8 on financials, but before that I will 
highlight the L1 position, which is mentioned on the Page 7. So besides the Rs. 540 crores of 
orders that we booked, we have about Rs. 500 crores of L1 position of orders end of September 
2020. 
And now moving to Page 8 on financials, first talking about the Q2 performance. The revenue for 
the quarter was at Rs. 871 crores, which represents a growth of 6% versus last year. The revenue 
was higher than even Q1 where we registered about Rs. 642 crores of sales in the first quarter of 
this financial year. Because of higher revenue, execution and stronger cost management, etc., the 
earnings before interest, tax and depreciation, EBITDA, for the Q2 was at Rs. 43 crores versus Rs. 
4 crores in the last year. This EBITDA in the Q2 is about 4.9% of the revenue versus only 0.5% 
of the revenue in the last year. This increased EBITDA on account of stronger execution and 
cost control also led to the improvement in the performance at the PBT level. So for the quarter, 
we registered a profit before tax of Rs. 13 crores versus a loss of Rs. 77 crores in the last year. 
In the last year, we had booked an exceptional item which was the impairment of assets for one of 
the manufacturing facilities to the extent of Rs. 53 crores. Excluding that exceptional item also in 
the last year, we had an operational loss of Rs. 24 crores. So this year, we have basically a profit 
before tax of Rs. 13 crores versus an operational loss of Rs. 24 crores in the last year.  
Before moving to the H1 performance, I would like to highlight that in the current quarter we have 
booked a provision of about Rs. 5.3 crores on account of investment in the IL&FS entities, which 
is disclosed in the notes to the financial statement. 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Moving to the H1 performance. Revenue at Rs. 1,513 crores, approximately 3% lower than the 
last year and H1 EBITDA at Rs. 43 crores versus Rs. 46 crores EBITDA in the last year. While 
the revenue and EBITDA are close to the last year level, however, current financial year is 
impacted by the lockdowns that we had in the first quarter. So if we take out the impact of COVID 
and the lockdown, then it's a very strong execution in terms of the remaining and the profit if we 
compare on an apple-to-apple basis versus last year. 
On the cash flow side, in the current financial year, on the H1, we generated an operational cash 
flow of Rs. 19 crores, which is also highlighted and given in the cash flow statement enclosed in 
the financial statement. And this Rs. 19 crores operational cash flow vs the utilization of about Rs. 
314 crores in the last year. 
Our net borrowings end of September stood at Rs. 442 crores, whereas it was at Rs. 430 crores end 
of March 2020. 
So that was overall summary of the financial performance. With that, we will now open up for the 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the questions-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Renjith Sivaram from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Congrats on good set of numbers ,sir. It's very, very good to see such performance. So if you can 
give some clarity on the future order outlook, you told Rs. 500 crores is L1, but we have been 
hearing about this Green Energy Corridor and that Leh-Ladakh HVDC for quite some time and 
there were some smaller HVDCs also planned. So what is the progress out there? And also, we 
hear that the Chinese competition will be kind of mitigated given the current geopolitical scenario. 
So in that, do you see an advantage where you can stand to gain in terms of a pricing perspective 
and in terms of your market share perspective? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So thanks, Renjith. Sandeep here. So basically, the Green Energy Corridor, of course, you are right 
that they have been shifting. But now it's like kind of the last day, because I think one package got 
submitted and balance we have about nine packages which will get submitted in November itself, 
and one in December and probably three in January. So based on our interaction with the various 
developers also who are participating, etc., so what we are seeing that now the time for submission 
has actually come and so basically, the other HVDC projects of Adani, the formal inquiry is already 
in place and the discussions have started there. So that is one activity also which is now on, and 
we expect that the ordering of that package to happen in the Q4, which is there. 
And of course, the last question what you asked about Leh-Ladakh. So what we understand that 
the power grid has already prepared the detailed project report and submitted to the Government 
of India. So of course, a project of that magnitude, etc., is going to take time. But we still feel that 
the next year would be the timeline when that package possibly can also get decided. So this is just 
an update. And of course, we understand that when this Green Energy Corridor project will be 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
executed, there will be a matching capacities, which states will also be required to build in order 
to take this power to their various stakeholders. So we expect further investment to come from 
state side as well. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. And regarding the Chinese competition, sir, do you see market share easing out or pricing 
improving or it's early days? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, at least in one or two product lines, like for example, transformers, etc., we have seen a slight 
increase in pricing. But of course, that is also dependent upon the improvement in copper, etc., 
prices as well. So it's a combination of both the things. But in many of the product lines, there is 
already a surplus capacity available. So there we don't see a big impact of Chinese competition 
going out. But in two product lines, two or three, we see a better realization of prices next year. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. And sir, the TBEA has put a lot more capacity in India. So is there a clarification like 
Chinese who import or is it Chinese who manufacture in India are also not allowed to compete? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So basically, in that if you really look at, there are two aspects of it. So one is that if you are a 
Chinese, for example, if your principles are Chinese and then you have a factory in India or a 
company in India, then also you need to get it approved in order to participate. So that is one aspect 
of it. So that, I think, process what we understand from the market, TBEA has applied. But the 
approval is not there, and of course, it's very difficult to predict also. So that is one thing. But 
second other thing is that even when you are bringing the component levels from China, that is 
also, of course, there will be a restriction on that as well. So the overall situation, we will have to 
see going forward, how it evolves. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Yes. And congratulations for good operational performance and cash flow during the quarter. My 
first question would be to understand a bit more on the cost initiatives that you have undertaken. 
And to what extent you believe that these fixed over a reduction that we have seen in the first half, 
which have continued in the second half or the second quarter also would be sustainable? Because 
then other expense reduction, if it remains at these levels or able to increase it by 10% to 20% on 
a sequential basis, it can easily add a couple of percentage points to the operating margin in second 
half. So if you can give some clarity on the kind of sustenance of these cost structure. That's my 
first question. 
Sushil Kumar: 
So thanks, Renu. We explained in the last call that we have taken various actions of cost cutting, 
that included lower travel, optimizing of all the things that we do in terms of the base cost, etc. 
Overall, in the first quarter, we saved about Rs. 12 crores to Rs. 15 crores of other expenses. And 
this quarter also we continue to maintain that trend. And with the initiatives in place, our endeavor 
is that we spend on only a need basis and continue to spend as minimum as we need for the 
operations. So our endeavor will be to continue this effort.  

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Renu Baid: 
So even if we see relative improvement in execution, say, something back to close to Rs. 1,000 
crores kind of quarterly run rate, our other expenses in a normalized or current situation should not 
be more than 11%, 12% of the revenues. Am I right to understand that? Because about Rs. 100 
crores, Rs. 120 crores should be the broad outer limit for Rs. 1,000 crores kind of execution run 
rate. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes. I will put it differently. If you look at the cash flow statement in detail, it highlights that 
during the current H1, we have booked about Rs. 26 crores of bad debt reserve, right? So that is 
embedded in the other expenses of about Rs. 188 crores that we have booked in the H1. So our 
endeavor is that as the other expenses increase, if the execution increases and some of the expenses 
are related to revenue like freight and repair and maintenance and operations of the plant increase. 
Because we are selective in terms of order, etc., so we should have an offset to a large extent 
coming from these bad debt recoveries. That's also an endeavor. But yes, there will be some 
increase to push the revenue if we can grow the revenue further. 
Renu Baid: 
Agree. Yes. Got it. Thanks for the clarification. Second question would be to understand a bit more 
on the execution side. Since we have been very particular in terms of cash flow focused execution, 
how is the environment in terms of the customer readiness to lift deliveries? We now are sitting 
on a healthy backlog of Rs. 5,100 crores, I am sure, of which close to 70%, 80% will be executed 
in the next financial year. So do we perceive any execution headwinds for the next 12, 18 months? 
Or broadly, the environment now looks fairly stable, excluding any uncertainties on the second 
wave, etc. But rest all the things remaining same, do we expect execution to materially improve in 
second half from end customer offtake perspective? 
Shailesh Mishra: 
Basically, we have seen that, of course, in Q1 there had been some slowdown on execution and in 
Q2 we picked up all those projects. You also would have noticed in past calls wherein we had been 
mentioning that we are cautious in terms of taking projects. So enough due diligence happens when 
we take up a project. And we are seeing that the projects which we take, they do not have kind of 
headwinds of cash flow or probably the issues related to the land, etc. So at this point of time, the 
kitty of projects which we have with us, I really do not see much of that kind of challenge. Of 
course, cash flow in one or two projects it remains a bit of a challenging situation, but I do not see 
anything big impact coming in this space, particularly the projects in our kitty, which we have. 
Renu Baid: 
Right. As in my reason for asking was just the last 1.5, two years we have seen consolidation 
revenues post completion of CK-2 and now that incrementally short cycle orders from renewables 
will come in the next calendar year. Should we now see revenues coming back to the Rs. 4,000 
crores kind of run rate from next year onwards? At least one shouldn't expect any new headwinds 
popping up. 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
Normally, we do not give forward-looking statements. So we will not be able to respond to this 
actually. 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Renu Baid: 
No issue, sir. Sir, my last question to you did mention of certain initiatives to diversify the revenue 
in the business stream on the industrial and infra segment like rail and metro. So would we have 
any updates on that or any particular steps that have taken further to diversify the portfolio? That's 
my last question. 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
See, at present, we are not thinking of updating on rail segment side because that involves largely 
traction transformers, which is both inside the locomotive. We do not have, at present, any plan 
for that. 
Renu Baid: 
Okay. So broadly, it would be industrial as well as the grid portfolio that we continue? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Puri from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Congrats for good set of results. Sir, two things. First, in terms of gross margins have actually 
come off in the last four to five quarters, at about 28% odd levels versus historical past range has 
been between 30% to 34%. So do you see any reasons why these margin should bump up or should 
remain in the same level given there is overcapacity in many of the product segments? Or are we 
looking at changing the mix of the orders as such, which can be a little high margin month, like 
grid automation proportion has gone up in the recent times? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes. Thanks, Abhishek. So basically, if you look at on a yearly basis, in the last financial year 
2019-2020, our gross margin was to the extent of 27.8%. And in the first half year, we are doing 
about 29%. So there has been some improvement if you compare with the last year. And as 
explained in the earlier calls, so the backlog that we executed in the current financial year is coming 
from the orders that we booked in the last 1.5 to 2years. And as we have been more and more 
focusing on selectivity and the right kind of orders, our endeavor is to take it a few percentage 
points higher, as also we have been explaining in all the earlier calls. So we generally target in the 
range of 30% to 31%. That's the assumption that we normally go with. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Understood. That's helpful. Sir, secondly, in terms of the Naini facility sale as well as some of the 
warranty provisions that we did last time and in two quarters earlier. And similarly for Essar 
Project, the receivables that have stuck of more than Rs. 50-odd crores. If you can give an update 
on all of them, when do we expect recovery of that? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
So on Naini sale, I will respond and the balance, Sushil will respond. Naini sale is progressing in 
the right direction, but the land lease transfer is yet to take place from UP government to the buyer. 
And once it is completed, the transaction will get completed. And Sushil, can you take the balance 
part? 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Sushil Kumar: 
Sure. I think your question is on the ESSEL project, and it has been also mentioned in the notes to 
the financials. We continue to have about Rs. 50 crores of dues from this customer. As mentioned 
in the notes, the project itself is expected to change hands and move to a new developer or 
promoter. This application for change of promoter is with CERC. Due to the Supreme Court 
decision, CERC is not able to pass any order till the member law is appointed. We expect that in 
next few days or a few weeks, the government will appoint member law, and then hopefully, we 
should have a favorable order of moving this project to the new promoter. And we then expect to 
get the past dues liquidated. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Have we already spoken to the new company who is taking that over in terms of continuity of the 
project? Or would they come and renegotiate? 
Sushil Kumar: 
We have obviously pre-discussions with them, we had several meetings with them, and they will 
continue the project once they take over the project. 
Abhishek Puri: 
Right. My last question is on the overall strategy that Pitamber has come in and spoken about, 
which will be focused on cash over revenues and quality improvement. Any of the examples that 
you can highlight in terms of what kind of orders that we are taking or what kind of decisions that 
we have taken that should remove the volatility that we have seen in this business over the last, 
you know, every three year, four year cycle we see a huge amount of provisioning coming in or 
some of those kind of changes, which have been brought in by the management, that will be helpful 
to understand and bring in more certainty on the business model. 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
So I will respond to that. Actually, we are very cautious and selective in booking the orders, 
considering at secured payment. So that is our focus at present, actually. And on quality front also, 
we are focused. So we want to have quality in all actions starting from offer submission till the 
completion and closing of the project. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Just to add to that. In fact, we have been always selective. It's not that this is something being done 
now. But these provisioning that had to happen because of the financial situation that changed with 
the customer. So some of the customer financials did not happen rightly, and the bankers did not 
finance because of the liquidity issues that we had in the Indian economy and the projects got 
stuck. But now as an alternative, in terms of payment security, we generally demand for the secured 
payment terms, like letter of credit, etc. And we are doing more thorough due diligence at the time 
of taking the projects about how this will be funded and the strength of the promoters, etc. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
My question is on the working capital. And we appreciate your emphasis over cash over revenue, 
but when we look at the working capital, we see that on a day sales basis it looks to have improved, 
but it is largely coming from payables, which may not be sustainable, the receivable days have 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
been moving up. So on a sustainable basis, what is the level of working capital to sales that one 
can expect so that there is a positive cash generation on a consistent basis? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Thanks, Bhavin. Especially for this quarter and this half year, we will have to look at the overall 
working capital. Because most of the execution happened in the last half of the second quarter, 
because first half there was a lockdown, and then once the lockdown is open we had to procure 
inventory and then manufacture. So most of the deliveries and shipments could happen by end of 
Q2, and that's why you see an execution improvement and revenue going up to Rs. 870 crores. So 
this increase in activity led to increase in payable as well as increase in receivables. So there is an 
offset of payable in the receivables. Overall, on the total working capital basis, we have made 
slight improvement, and our endeavor is to further improve the working capital by, first, 
strengthening the payment terms as we talked about. And second, liquidation of the old receivable 
and inventory. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. And then the second question, at the beginning of the financial year, you were guiding that 
the Rs. 500-odd crores debt which is there, and the target is to become debt-free over the next four, 
five quarters. It's remained broadly similar, and we do understand the pandemic impact. But how 
should one think about the debt reduction over the next year? What could be the new targets? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So that debt-free kind of target was before pandemic that we talked about. And now with pandemic, 
of course, there have been a lot of changes, which then leads to a delay in the realization of effort 
that we are making. So at present, we are in a stage where from the quarter-on-quarter consumption 
of cash, we have kind of stabilized in terms of the cash performance. And this quarter, you see 
there is a slight uptick, and we have been in the positive trajectory. As I said, some of the efforts 
on the liquidation are past due, and the liquidation of the struck inventory, etc., should lead to the 
result of improved cash flow in the coming quarter. But of course, situation of debt free in, like, a 
couple of quarters will not be feasible. So it may take a little longer period, maybe 1.5 to two years. 
But long term, our endeavor remains that, that we want to go into that direction by different actions 
that we take. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. Last question is, so when we are going through the annual report, and we saw some 
significant increase in the warranty expenses, Rs. 8-odd crores has gone up to Rs. 140 crores. And 
similarly, there was an increase in the bad debt provision and that continues. So on a steady-state 
basis, how should one think about these expenses? And what is that normalized level that one can 
expect? And by when are we expecting this? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So in terms of the warranty expenses, the payable disclosures have been made in the financial 
statement that they have been made on the best-estimate basis as per the accounting standard, and 
that was onetime charge that was taken. On the bad debt side, we have been, as we said, making 
efforts and cleaning and making settlements with the customers. We also have seen some recovery. 
So if you look at the other income of the current quarter, there have been some improvements 
where we settled and negotiated with the customer to realize part of the cash also. It will take a bit 
of a time to clean up everything of the past. The good thing is that with the selectivity we are not 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
building up any future cases as of now that we see, which will lead to kind of stuck cash or stuck 
working capital and so on. So with continuous improvement, hopefully in few quarters, things 
should look better. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. Just last question to Mr. Sandeep. How is the competitive environment when we see the 
bidding? Can one expect a slightly better pricing environment as we have been expecting and we 
want to be selective on the pricing front? Are we seeing that in the underlying environment? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So in the product line, where the capacity is like matching the market demand, yes, there is a slight 
uptick in the prices, which is there in the market. But where there is an overcapacity, because of 
the, I would say, not adverse, but there is a slow market conditions due to COVID, the pricing 
pressure is slightly more. So it's basically a mix which is there. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Okay. But from a past one-year basis, the environment is worse off or better off, directionally? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I would say in one of the product lines better off. But like project business, etc., it like not so good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead, 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Two questions. Firstly, based on the delays that you have seen in the order award happening 
through the year. Do you still believe that we can at least match up to the order intake that we did 
in the last financial year? And if not, what does that imply for our next year sales growth target? 
So internally, are you sort of revisiting what you're likely to do next year in terms of revenue 
recognition because a delay in orders could obviously push out execution next year? That's my 
first question. 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
Yes. So at present, we have an order backlog of Rs. 53 billion, which is quite a healthy order 
backlog. And how the market behaves and how much we will book in quarter three and four, these 
are forward-looking statements. We will not be able to comment on that. We have to see in quarter 
three and four how the market behaves, how the tender openings happen, actually. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Sure. My second question is more from the parent perspective. So we have seen some bit of 
strategy reorganization happening where the parent entity has decided to exit the new coal power 
plants. And that, in a way, has sort of had an impact on our group company here in India in business 
prospects at some level. While that has not still happened on the T&D side, but can you at least 
sort of in a way, elaborate whether what kind of discussions you have had with the parent, how in 
terms of the growth prospects here in India, the validity of the business and stuff like that. So that 
sort of gives us confidence at least GE is here to stay at least on the T&D side. 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
So as far as this call is concerned, this is pertaining to GE T&D India Limited. And GE Power 
Limited is a separate legal entity, and you can have separate queries on that call actually. As far as 
T&D is concerned, we don't have any inputs on that client from the parent company. 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Sushil Kumar: 
So basically, just one aspect of it is that we are part of renewable business. And as you understand 
that renewable globally is a growing portfolio and GE is very much into the renewable part of the 
business. So I think for us, it is business as usual. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nisarg from Lucky Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Nisarg: 
Sir, after having experienced several challenges over the last few quarters, first of all, 
congratulations on beginning this journey of excellence in operations. My question is very basic, 
sir. Your peers are at 9% to 10% operating margins. We are obviously lower due to our internal 
issues. By when do you think we can go to those margins? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So we are taking all the steps. I mean, it's again a forward-looking kind of question that you're 
asking. And we have been answering it some shape and form differently in all the calls earlier, that 
our focus is to improve the execution and once the execution goes up, it gives economies of scale. 
At the same time, as you rightly pointed out, there have been provisions booked in the past because 
of the customer financial issues, etc. So, with the selectivity, we need to actually make more effort 
there, and we are continuing in that direction. Hopefully, the things should stabilize, and we should 
not see such charges in the future again. And if that happens, then obviously the cost control 
measures that we have put in place, not having the onetime charge of bad debt, etc., there should 
be an improvement in the P&L. 
Nisarg: 
Sir, your execution and revenue booking in the quarter is not substantially lower than some of your 
peers. So there is no big mismatch there. But without a forward-looking statement, is it safe to 
assume that 80% to 90% of the charges or losses or everything that you had to book is now done 
and over with or you have a few quarters still left? Because that's a sort of a black box for investors. 
And for that, you will only have to tell us what is left and what is not left? 
Sushil Kumar: 
See, every quarter when the financial statements are prepared, they are prepared as per the 
accounting standard, evaluating and making the best estimate on the business information. So as 
of end of this quarter, what reserves  had to be taken because of the relevant assessment, we have 
taken that. So there is nothing for the future, except we have been highlighting one significant item 
of the past due related to ESSEL project, whereas we also believe that we have a strong visibility 
of collection subject to the approval from the CERC. 
Nisarg: 
Sorry, I missed that. Sir, what is the quantum of that amount and that is already booked in the P&L 
or that is yet to be booked? 
Sushil Kumar: 
That amount is about Rs. 50 crores. That is not provided in the P&L because we believe it does 
not require a provision, because that project is expected to change hands to the new promoter and 
base on which we will be able to collect money. 
Nisarg: 
Okay. But beyond that, whatever had to happen has already been booked, in your opinion? 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Sushil Kumar: 
Every quarter the necessary process which needs to be taken based on the assessment of the 
projects and customers are booked. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jigar Shroff from Financial Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Jigar Shroff: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, if you could talk a bit on the export opportunity 
because relatively, the globe is doing much better than India. So if you could talk something about 
the export opportunities, sir. 
Shailesh Mishra: 
So I think, of course, export opportunities, we are seeing a good market uptick in neighboring 
countries, like, for example, Nepal, Bangladesh also may be in time to come, we will see some 
good opportunities coming there as well. Africa and all definitely, due to the market which is there 
and we are working with all practically EPC companies to supply the product. So I would put it 
exports as a stable portfolio today. 
Jigar Shroff: 
What would be the proportion of exports in our order, sir, in this quarter? 
Sushil Kumar: 
For the quarter, the export order is roughly 20% of the total revenue. On an H1 basis, the export 
stands at 24% of the revenue. 
Jigar Shroff: 
24% of revenue. And how do you see it going ahead? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So I will more answer it from the full year basis. On the financial year 2019-2020, the export share 
of revenue was about 18%. There has been an improvement and hopefully, with more projects 
adds in the neighboring countries and some of the product supply across Middle East and other 
regions, that's something the commercial team is targeting. We'll target to register a better number 
than the current performance on the export side. 
Jigar Shroff: 
So directionally, the trend is up, that's what, right? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes. Directionally the trend is up. 
Jigar Shroff: 
And the margins, I mean, export vis-a-vis the domestic business? 
Sushil Kumar: 
It's a little difficult to generalize on the company basis because it's dependent on specific product 
line or the different product portfolio and the geographies  . So some of the export markets may 
have a better margin or much higher, some of them may have a lower margin. It's very difficult to 
generalize this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Renu Baid: 
Yes. I just have two follow-up questions. One, if you can help us share insights in terms of what 
is the customer mix that we have for the backlog today between the state private TBCB and center 
in terms of customer? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So out of the total backlog, approximately 60% of the backlog is from the private customers and 
the rest 40% is from the state electricity board and central PSU. 
Renu Baid: 
And within state and center, would we have any broad mix? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So out of the 40%, approximately 22% - 24% is with the state. And the balance, about 14% to 18% 
is with the central PSU. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Second is on the export side. Ssince you have already shared the percentage mix, can you 
also give some input in terms of the absolute growth that we have seen in the export portfolio in 
the first half of the year? And because the mix keeps varying depending on how domestic execution 
happens. So what is the absolute growth in exports in first half and in terms of various initiatives 
to expand the footprint in the external market? Are we adding a presence in new markets or 
geographies which were earlier not looked up aggressively? And is the bulk of growth in export 
largely driven by the Indian subcontinent or we see equal quantum of growth being driven by 
Middle East, Africa or similar other markets? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes. Just give us a couple of minutes to find the absolute number in terms of the export volumes 
for the first half year. And I will let Sandeep to answer on the export growth driven by neighboring 
countries or across other geographies. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Renu, I think we had, for example, this last project of Nepal, what we took so was a big number. 
And we have some further opportunities of big projects in the line or in the Q4 from the 
neighboring countries. So presently, the share of neighboring countries in the overall export for at 
least next one quarter will be much higher. 
Renu Baid: 
Okay, right. But any initiatives to expand presence in Africa, Middle East and other markets or 
both markets remain relatively soft in terms of demand expense? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So presently, basically, for example, most of the Africa and the Southeast Asia is already fed from 
the Indian factories. So I think we continue to focus on those buckets and just keep working with 
the players or the customers there to enhance our presence. 
Sushil Kumar: 
On the volume side, Ms. Baid, we have shared the numbers of the order bookings. So this half 
year, we did about Rs. 980 crores of orders. Of which around more than 40% is export orders, 
including the neighboring countries. And in the last year, we did about Rs. 1,100 crores of orders, 
of which 24% was export orders, approximately. 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Renu Baid: 
My question was more from a revenue perspective, growth in export revenue. I can take it a bit 
later offline, that should not be a problem. One last question, if I can ask, would be on the 
automation side, given that as the renewable capacities are getting added up. So can you share 
some insight in terms of how some of the key states will be absorbing enable capacity? How are 
the spending in terms of grid automation and with grid stability offerings? And have you seen the 
overall tendering activity pickup on that side of the portfolio as well? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
So I think from the grid automation, so there are two aspects of it. One would be the grid 
automation, which is like substation oriented. So that would depend upon the number of 
opportunities, which is actually coming from the substations, which are used for the evacuation of 
the power. So that has anything to do whether it's a renewable or whether it's a coal-fired or whether 
it's a hydro one. So if you have a substation, you have a grid opportunity. Of course, from the 
automation side that if you're looking for the control centers, etc., we are not seeing any large 
opportunity presently coming. I think there is one opportunity, which we are talking with power 
grid might come up. But otherwise, not a big traction on the overall control center side of it. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Ms. Baid, the answer to your query on the revenue side. Last year, we did about Rs. 215 crores of 
export sales. And this year, the export revenue is more than Rs. 350 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhaskar Deshpande from Fair Deal 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
I would like to know someone had asked regarding the parent company in the recent change in 
stance of certain orders in terms of the GE Power, another separate company, that is transmission 
and distribution segment, which is our main business. The parent company continues to be keenly 
interested in this line of business. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Excuse me. Can you repeat the question, please? 
Sameer Deshpande: 
I wanted to know that our business is transmission and distribution is the main business of our 
company. And GE, which is the best company. Is it having all the latest technology and as well as 
keen interest in this transmission and distribution business? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes, yes, definitely. We are a global business, present in more than like 70, 80 countries, and we 
have all the latest technologies available, and globally we remain as a focused business. 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
And already Sandeep has said, we are a part of renewables, which is a growing business in globally, 
actually. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
So that would not have any change in stance of the parent. And does the GE parent company also 
help us in bidding for the contracts in India as well as broad? 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So basically, in case, for example, if there is some qualification requirement where our principles 
are required or if, for example, if there is a backup which is required in terms of any technology 
or in terms of any assistance, yes. But otherwise, as a legal entity, we are present in India for more 
than, what, like 50, 60 years. We have done quite complex projects, etc. And the factories are 
equipped with latest technologies and our project groups have the qualifications as well available 
with us. So at least participating in India, we are kind of self-sufficient. 
Moderator: 
We take one last question from the line of Sumit Jain from ASK Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumit Jain: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Of the receivables of Rs. 91 crores, which obviously 
would include the SL projects, Rs. 50 crores and the Rs. 9 crores item, for which you have not 
taken any provisions. Barring this, what is more than 6 months due? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So this number is not readily available, and we can probably take that separately later. 
Sumit Jain: 
Okay. And the Rs. 26 crores, the bad debt provisioning in the Rs. 188 crores of H1 other expenses, 
what is the corresponding number for H1 last year? 
Sushil Kumar: 
It's also mentioned in the cash flow. The number for the last year was around Rs. 23 crores. 
Sumit Jain: 
Okay. So broadly, when does the cleanup end? It's not asking about when the margins go up or 
asking for a guidance. But, a) in terms of P&L cleanup and b, coming back to cash flows, again, 
because this is a noncash item. So I mean, it doesn't impact the cash flows. But the pertinent 
question is actually your working capital being stable is actually a result of payables going up. 
When do you see finally some respite, a, on receivables; and b) eventually that gives you room for 
you to actually reduce payables or reduce your working capital intensity, release more capital from 
working capital and increase your cash flow? 
Sushil Kumar: 
I have already answered this question, but I will answer it again. So end of every quarter. And as 
per the accounting standards and principles and the policies of the company, we do evaluate each 
and every account, whether there is a need of provision or not. Whenever there is an incremental 
provision required, the same is made, based on the new development or any change in the financial 
provision of the customer or any litigation or settlement-related adjustment with the customer. So 
there's no, let's say, items which should have been provided and have not been provided and which 
were required by the accounting standards. So that's where I will say that we don't like keep 
unreported items that way 
But lot of things depend on the change in the financial position and you, as investor community, 
have much more knowledge about the changes and the liquidity issues that the Indian power sector 
is facing for the last few years. So that was more on the provisioning side. In terms of the 
receivables, I answered this earlier in this quarter because we shipped out and the execution ramp-
up happened in the second half, which is the month of August and September. That's why you see 

 
GE T&D India Ltd 
November 11, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
that increased level of purchases, manufacturing and the revenue and the sales were done in the 
second part of the quarter. As a result, you see the shipment to the customer which ended up in the 
receivable increase and corresponding increase in the payables. On an overall working capital, the 
working capital has improved slightly and we will continue our effort and journey to improve and 
bring down the working capital and realize more cash operationally. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suneel Mishra for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Suneel Mishra: 
Yes. Thanks, Steve, and thank you, everyone, for your participation. So I wish you all a very happy 
Diwali in advance. And if you have any question or query, you can directly contact me or you may 
also contact Mr. Anshul Madaan, who is our communication leader on the e-mail ID given on our 
website. So thanks again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of GE T&D India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
