                                                                       Mastek Limited                                              T   +91 22 6722 4200 
                                                                                                         #106,107 SDF-IV Seepz, Andheri (East),                F   +91 22 6695 1331                                       
                                                                                                                                              Mumbai 400096, Maharashtra, India            W www.mastek.com                                     
 
                                                                                                                       
Regd. Off.: 804, 805 President House, Opp. C.N. Vidyalaya, Near Ambawadi Circle, Ambawadi, Ahmedabad - 380 006. Gujarat, India. Tel No: +91-79-2656--4337 E-mail: info@mastek.com CIN-l74140GJ1982PLC005215 
 
 
SEC/71/2020-21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                      November 12, 2020 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Tel No. 022- 22723121 
Fax No. 022- 22721919 
SCRIP CODE: 523704 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Tel No.: 022- 26598100 
Fax No. 022-26598120 
SYMBOL: MASTEK 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Ma’am(s), 
 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call Transcript – Q2 
 
With reference to our Letter No. SEC/58/2020-21 dated October 21, 2020, please find enclosed herewith the 
call Transcript in respect to the Earnings Conference Call held on the financial performance for the second 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2020, on Friday, October 30, 2020. 
 
The Transcript of the conference call can also be accessed at the website of the Company. 
 
Request you to take the note of the above. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
Encl: A/A 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
Mastek Limited  
Q2 FY21 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JOHN OWEN – GROUP CEO, MASTEK 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGH – GROUP CFO, MASTEK 
LIMITED 
MR. UMANG NAHATA – CO-FOUNDER, EVOSYS 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA GUPTA, CHRISTENSEN IR  
 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Mastek Limited Q2 FY21 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Asha Gupta from Christensen IR. Thank you and over to you ma’am. 
Asha Gupta: 
Thanks, Aman. Good afternoon to all of you and thanks for joining Q2 FY21 Earnings Call of 
Mastek. The results and presentation have already been mailed to you. And you can view that 
on our website www.mastek.com  
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have the top management 
of Mastek represented by John Owen – Group CEO, Abhishek Singh – Group CFO and Umang 
Nahata – Co-Founder of Evosys. John will start the call with brief overview of the quarter gone 
by which will be followed by Abhishek, who will be going into detailed financials and Umang 
Nahata, who will share an update on Evosys business. We will then take the Q&A session. 
I would like to remind you that everything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook for 
the future or which can be construed as forward-looking statements must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. This risk and uncertainties are included 
but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent 
annual report that you can find on our website.  
With that said, I now hand over the call to John, over to you sir. 
John Owen: 
Thank you, Asha. And I my welcome to everybody, thank you for joining us to review our 
Second Quarter Results. As, I said on our last call, our Q1 Results must not be seen as the high 
watermark for Mastek but, more of a solid and stable base camp to start our journey towards 
becoming a recognized and valuable mid-cap company. This statement remains true today, 
especially in the light of our strong Q2 performance. As cricketers, we all know test matches are 
not won or lost in the first session. However, they can give one team early momentum. It is this 
momentum that provides confidence to relax and play some shots or if you are the bowling team, 
then a few early wickets with the new ball, and then you can adopt a much more attacking field. 
Momentum is also key in a services business and this analogy also runs true for Mastek. 
Momentum gives us the confidence to accelerate our investment in building the company for a 
brighter future. Our confidence is rooted in demonstrating strong revenue growth across every 
business units in Mastek both in Q1 and then following it up in Q2. This broad-based 
performance continued in Q2 and looks set to deliver sequential quarter-on-quarter growth for 
the balance of this fiscal year. Our organic business grew, our recently acquired Evosys business 
grew and both delivered sequential growth and we are now delivering accretive growth, through 
some exciting cross-sell off successes in Europe and the US, which validates our basic 
hypothesis that one-on-one can exceed three.  

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
So in this context, I sincerely hope you are as encouraged as I am by our Q2 results. Despite my 
healthy paranoia, we seem to be seen off the dangers of the COVID new ball and we are now 
settling into building the big innings. To be clear, please don’t see these results in isolation as a 
record quarter for Mastek but more in the context of our ambition to be a solid mid-cap 
performer.  
Since we started our journey four years ago, we’ve delivered impressive revenue growth of 34% 
compound annual growth and equally earnings at 60%. Much to be proud of however, the 
opportunity in front of us is much, much bigger than these short-term achievements. In cricketing 
parlance once you get to 50, don’t give your wicket away cheaply, rather refocus get your head 
down and go on and get a big 100 and that’s exactly the same for Mastek.  
Today, we operate in a growing market fueled by Cloud disruption; we have good traction, good 
capability, and a strong reputation and proven ability to successfully compete in our selected 
verticals of UK Government and Health. Now with the addition of ERP client capabilities 
through Evosys, we now have access to a global repeatable enterprise mid-market. These 
accounts have traditionally been underserved by the traditional Tier-1 Sis, who tend to 
concentrate their resources on the more prestigious Fortune 1,000 global corporations.  
Despite the constant shadow of COVID throughout the year, we’ve executed our plans 
fantastically well for which I’m incredibly proud of, and grateful to, everyone at Mastek. We 
have a great team, and we operate in a demanding and dynamic market, which is a huge source 
of optimism and energy for our continued growth. Since moving 100% of our organization to 
work from home in March this year, we’ve maintained our high productivity and quality levels, 
which is appreciated and respected by our customers. This also includes our secure government 
contracts, where we have to innovate with the customer to ensure security standards can be 
protected, even though we do not currently go into a government office, or work on a government 
provided computer. Certainly necessity is the mother of invention and is driving a more 
pragmatic adoption of new operating models, and we are at the forefront of these efforts with 
our customers.  
Consequently, under the very high likely event of a second Covid spikes and future restrictive 
lockdowns in many of our markets, we do not see the need, nor the desire to move back to an 
office based delivery model yet. We have proven our business model is resilient, and we remain 
confident we can sustain our growth agenda, despite Covid and the many operational constraints 
and challenges it presents.  
If you remember, we worked to ensure that the impact of Covid was shallower on Mastek and 
our recovery faster than many of our peers. We’ve been delivered to this plan, that the most 
severe impacts of Covid would be front end loaded into the first half of fiscal’21. Stability, 
hopefully coming around Q3, with gradual market improvement in Q4. We stand by this 
hypothesis and probably feel the market has actually been more robust than we had predicted, 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
particularly where we repurposed SG&A investment into the UK Government, the Health and 
the Evosys business areas.  
I am therefore, pleased to report that we have now fully rebalanced our business to realign our 
capacity with the new adopted demand curve. Today, in contrast to where we started Q1, we are 
once again actively recruiting new Mastekeers to service our projected growth. As an example, 
we have recruited about 150 graduates in the first half, and we will recruit another 200+ as we 
accelerate in the second half. Although we will remain vigilant on the impact of Covid, we are 
now signaling a clear change in focus from cut & grow towards an invest & grow strategy for 
the balance of fiscal’21. Our objective is to accelerate our growth and take that momentum into 
a stronger fiscal’22.  
This confidence to shift up the gears is based on our encouraging lead indicators such as order 
bookings and accretive pipeline gives us a much-improved forward-looking visibility into the 
market better than we’ve seen for some time. I appreciate we may look at the market through a 
distorted Mastek lens, but we do see good resilience and sustainable growth, particularly in our 
targeted growth segments of UK Government, Health and the ERP cloud. The US remains a 
challenging market, but we again grew 6.5% quarter-on-quarter and see a steady road to recovery 
and that will be the focus for the next few quarters. We are acknowledging now that we need a 
stronger US business to meet our strategic goals and we must build more critical mass in that 
region which we will.  
Focusing in on Q2, we delivered a robust performance on many metrics, which is our source of 
confidence and underpins our comments on momentum. We again strengthened our customer 
base to 542 with 37 new customer wins during the quarter. In simple terms, our growth strategy 
remains land and expand. However, now we have real depth and quality behind each initiative.  
Today, we have the makings of an exciting, repeatable customer acquisition engine in Evosys, 
at the front end of Mastek’s proven capability to retain and expand customer relationships. This 
performance enables us to build a broader, stronger, and more diversified customer base. These 
wins also include major new account insertions with UK Government departments such as 
HMRC, that’s the Revenue and Customs; and Public Health England that many of you are aware 
we incubated over the last 18 months. These government pilots must now convert into 
multimillion pound growth programmes and replicate the previous expansions we successfully 
executed with the likes of the NHS, the Home Office and the Ministry of Defense. There is 
certainly a strong pipeline to support these aspirations and irrespective of how Brexit rolls out 
over the next few months, our current business outlook for the next few quarters should be 
insulated from the political volatility and rhetoric. We deliver critical national infrastructure, and 
this is not treated as discretionary spend.  
We continued our success on cross-sell with some significant wins in Europe, which further 
validates the strategic value of merging Evosys and Mastek. Acquisitions can often bring 
distraction, and we’ve talked about one-on-one equaling one and a half. But, I’m pleased to 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
report our pragmatic and disciplined approach to market integration by retaining dedicated sales 
records in column 1 (Mastek Organic) and column 3 (Evosys cloud migrations) has brought 
clarity, accountability and delivered strong organic growth. To maintain this focus and also 
exploit the huge opportunity we are experiencing from the emerging markets in column 2, we 
are now investing further in dedicated teams to exclusively expand this segment. This model is 
repeatable, scalable, and enjoys strong pull factors from the market. For our customers, it brings 
a broader range of capabilities from a proven Next Generation Services company to help them 
deliver their enterprise digital transformation. Covid has been a massive stimulus for many 
companies to upgrade their technology estate to enable remote, secure and fully integrated 
operations and unify their digital assets. This is where Mastek is seen as a fresh face to drive 
change and not protect the status quo.  
Moving forward, order bookings were strong at $77.5 million, which represents a strong book 
to bill ratio of 1.4 and our order backlog grew 23%, all signs of a healthy outlook and primarily 
driven by the expected growth from our targeted segments of UK Government, Health and the 
cloud ERP migrations. 
To give some additional granularity and comparator, our Evosys business also recorded a strong 
order performance which represented 60% growth year-on-year. In addition, their average order 
value continues to increase as they benefit from being part of a larger organization. We’re also 
seeing a healthy trend towards being trusted with more complex and larger projects. This is 
another indication of the momentum we discussed.  
Our second half pipeline in UK Government, Health and Evosys remains robust and validates 
our decision to repurpose sales efforts into those areas at the end of Q4 fiscal’20 as part of our 
Covid cut & grow plan. It’s also worth noting that a couple of game changing projects out of the 
UK Government segment moved into the second half adjudication, due to delays in procedural 
issues. 
I am particularly pleased with the momentum we’ve maintained in our revenue line where many 
peers declined in Q1, we delivered a very solid growth rate of 12%, and we’ve now followed 
that up in Q2 with another impressive growth of 5.3% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency. 
This includes successes in organic businesses in the UK and the US as well as the Evosys side 
of the business, reporting revenues of $55 million, or 56% up in year-on-year terms.  
Revenue growth has also allowed us to leverage our cost base better, which has resulted in an 
80 basis point improvement in our EBITDA levels to 21.9%. Like most companies we’ve 
significantly benefited in quarter from non-recurring cost benefits from reduced travel and living 
expenses due to the lockdown, however, our underlying trend for margin improvement plans 
remains on track. 
For sustaining this performance, I would like to formally acknowledge and thank every 
Mastekeer’s for their professionalism, their dedication and their enthusiasm, which are all 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
fundamental characteristics behind winning teams. While we recognize and thank our loyal 
Mastekeers who have supported our business, while we have been operating work from home, 
it’s also vital they materially share in the success when the company performs. Therefore, I’m 
pleased to confirm to them, that we will be reinstating their annual pay review for fiscal’21 
which will be effective from October 1st this year.  
Strategically and specific to Mastek, I’m particularly excited by the increase in offshoring 
dialogue we have seen from our customers. Certainly the UK Government is trying to square the 
circle of an increase in demand for digital solutions, offset with the significant reduction in 
budgets as the UK Government look at all ways to fund their Covid support plans. This 
represents a perfect storm for trusted and reliable partners such as Mastek to access additional 
capacity at lower cost by blending onshore and offshore delivery teams. Hopefully, this 
opportunity will develop as it differentiates Mastek from many existing suppliers.  
So in summary, I’m pleased with our performance through the Covid impacted quarters. The 
acquisition and the integration of Evosys has been well-managed to date and has not been a 
distraction to our organic business, and actually provides a strong stimulus for a more concerted 
cross-sell initiative. We are taking strong momentum from the first half into the second half, 
which we anticipate will deliver better results and not only deliver our fifth consecutive year of 
revenue growth, a milestone that will pass in Q3, but more importantly lays the foundations that 
propel us into fiscal’22 and helps establish Mastek as a recognized, respected and credible mid-
cap company. This momentum and competence is also reflected in the Board’s proposed interim 
dividend at 110%. 
Abhishek will now take us through the financial breakdown to provide more context and then 
Umang will walk us through the Oracle services business and how we align with Oracle after 
which we will be happy to answer your questions. Abhishek over to you. 
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you, John. Warm welcome to everyone on this call. I’m going to share with you the 
highlights of our performance for the quarter and half year ended 30th September. The deck 
circulated ahead of this call contains all the financial details that you may have a look at. I like 
to start with a comment that this result of Q2 is a testament of our business resilience, the 
committed workforce that we have and the trusting clientele that we enjoy, it has driven the 
stellar performance and I’m happy to report an all-round growth on all the leading and lag 
indicators of financial performance for this quarter.  
This quarter marks the crossing of a significant milestone for Mastek. We reported the highest 
ever quarterly revenues in the history of Mastek at $55 million in the quarterly revenue. The 
same could be said about our profitability as well, with PAT being at its highest since 2001. The 
cross-sell and co-sell effort, as John alluded to in his conversation, continues to gain traction. 
We closed a multimillion, multiyear deal with a leading Design and Consultancy firm in Europe 
under the joint go to market strategy, for order value being $7.7 million over three years and the 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
incumbent was a Tier-I Strategic Integrator, that tells you about the value proposition that we 
are able to build together as Mastek and Evosys.  
Moving from the milestones to the financial highlights for the quarter. If you look at our 
operating revenue, it stood at Rs 409.7 crore vis-à-vis Rs 386.1 crore, which is 6.1% growth 
quarter-on-quarter and 68% year-on-year. It’s important to add that this performance is aided by 
deliveries all around - UK, US and the accelerated growth in the Oracle Services business. Our 
operating EBITDA is at 21.1% versus 17.6% in Q1, it’s an improvement of 348 bps quarter-on-
quarter and 936 bps year-on-year. And I would say that this is the cut and grow approach that 
we had adopted early on has helped us optimize the cost, reorient the resource towards more 
responsive and profitable side of the business. And as a result, you got the revenue momentum, 
we have had the cost management and coupled with some of the savings from Covid. The 
obvious ones on travel, hospitality, marketing expenses and other stuff have catapulted our 
operating EBITDA to these levels.  
Moving on to PAT, it is at Rs 59.1 crore versus Rs 46.6 crore last quarter and that’s up 27% 
quarter-on-quarter and 140% year-on-year. PAT sans minority interest stands at Rs 51 crore 
versus Rs 40.4 crore. That’s also up 26% quarter-on-quarter and 107% year-on-year.  
Cash has been a very good story for us for few quarters now. Gross cash stood at Rs 476.4 crore 
and net cash after debt stands at Rs 223.4 crore versus Rs 174.9 crore of the last quarter. We 
repaid roughly around $5 million of debt during the quarter and our total borrowing now stands 
at $34.1 million as of 30th September. If we add the proceeds from the Majesco stake sale, which 
was received late in the October month, then our gross cash is closer to Rs 712 crore and net 
cash is closer to Rs 460 crore. The free cash flow to net income ratio stood at 145.7% this 
H1FY21 is again a testament of the focus collection initiative across all the geographies, as we 
all know the old adage, cash is king.  
We want to the customer acquisition that’s been a highlight for us for a couple of quarters now. 
And we continue to build on that, we have added 37 new customers; 7 in Mastek and 30 in 
Evosys. 4 customers of the list are $1billion+ in their revenues, and 5 of them are between half 
a billion to a billion dollar customer. And we tend to track this metrics because it gives you an 
insight into the IT spend and hence the ability to cross-sell and co sell. If I were to dice this, 
these 37 new customer acquisitions by verticals, 6 of these customers were in Healthcare space, 
5 were in Retail, 5 are in Engineering and Manufacturing, 4 is in Banking and Financial Services, 
while 3 of them are in Telecom, which gives you an idea of the diverse clientele and then said 
we are enjoying the cross. In terms of headcount, we stood at 3354 employees for the quarter 
while we added 80 trainees who went live during the quarter. 
From financial highlight, if I were to just add some color to our experiences in the various 
geographies, starting with nuclear as a geography, we had a good revenue growth trajectory. I 
would say that this quarter result is probably and arguably the best quarterly results in the last 
five years. In terms of absolute pound revenues, we grew by 4.8% quarter-on-quarter in constant 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
currency terms driven by a good traction in public sector, which in itself grew by almost 7% and 
private sector has remained flat, a reflection of the overall state of the economy and their own 
state of the business. This quarter has had some very interesting logo additions in healthcare 
space as well as other departments. We have won large contract from a newly created health 
department, which is to track and trace and provide the Covid services to the nation in UK. And 
these additions reinforces the confidence of our customers in Mastek’s delivery, in tough times 
customers tend to look at Mastek for the support, and to kind of ramp-up and shore-up the 
services that been.  
On private sector, it’s been a flat quarter, and we’re trying to ensure that it’s the bottom based 
on which we can drive and build some growth. However, what is important to note is that we 
believe the trend that we are experiencing, is driving some offshore traction and again, John 
alluded to that in his remarks, customer budgets are squeezed, they need to do more out of the 
same dollar and pound, and to that extent, they are looking at offshore. The other part of it is 
also the fact that protracted work from home means that customers are comfortable with delivery 
happening from anywhere. And those are the factors that will help in the offshoring.  
We have also been hearing about the no deal Brexit or the impacts of Brexit. And I would like 
to say that looking at our clientele, looking at their committed budget, I would say we are 
reasonably insulated. And we’ll have to continue to deliver and continue to outperform the 
customer expectation. The risk of second wave that we are talking about in the geography, again 
continued work from home is a way to insulate that and whatever happens in the larger 
environment does impact. But nevertheless, this is a solution for us. And all of these 
opportunities, all of these rather events in the economy is opening up more of transformational 
deals in offshore opportunities, which is what is exciting us right now. 
If I move my narrative to US geography, the US saw a growth of 6.5% quarter-on-quarter, 
constant currency growth in terms of revenue, aided by a couple of large customers that we 
landed, and these are new customers. We are continuing to work from home in the geography. 
And again, the budgetary constraints that I outlined in the context of UK is far more prevalent 
in context of US because of the retail customer, the retail focus that we have. And that’s driving 
from protracted inquiry on offshore delivery to help manage their cost and scale faster. The 
geography also continues to be under risk of client bankruptcies, again retail customers. So, we 
have a very aggressive and focused approach to cash collection to ensure that there are no such 
events impacting our business and our cash. With sales team in place, we believe that we’ll be 
moving forward and upward in this geography as we’ve got traction all around slowly but 
steadily US will move forward.  
Moving on towards the Evosys side of the business – clearly a very stellar revenue performance, 
services revenue grew in double digit, there’s a small portion of licenses revenue that came 
down, and as a result you’re causing overall revenue growth in high single digits. Having said 
that, the resilience of this business and the Covid impact is very, very palpable. That is all down 
momentum, both in terms of pipeline as well as order booking and some of the data points were 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
shared earlier in the call. And one of the major events that we are experiencing is Oracle opening 
up local data centers in many geographies, including Middle East, which we believe will help 
accelerate the cloud adoption, so we are hawkishly focused on opportunities arising out of such 
events. A lot more detail on managed services approach for annuity revenue versus a team for 
SAP attack, and more will come from Umang shortly. 
I’ll move forward towards the most interesting part of Majesco stake sale that we landed at $33.3 
million in cash. And that’s, now with us, which presents newer opportunities that as a 
management team we are working on it, what’s the optimal way of deploying and what’s the 
best use of that cash. So hopefully, all of these narratives give you a good idea of where the 
business is and above all, I would like to thank you all for your continued support and interest 
in Mastek. These are exciting times filled with phenomenal opportunities and we are very, very 
geared up and excited to land those opportunities.  
With that, I’ll hand it over to Umang for his comment on the Evosys side of the business and on 
the cloud phenomena we are experiencing. Over to you Umang, thank you. 
Umang Nahata:  
Thank you Abhishek, thanks John. Good afternoon everybody. So clearly a very brilliant quarter 
that we have had as a joint organization and you’ve heard a lot about it from both John and 
Abhishek in terms of the various financial and operational and client acquisition parameters. So, 
the first thing I would do is, I would really want to congratulate all the Evolites and Mastekeers 
for this gallant performance. As an organization, we have come a full circle not just in terms of 
all the business processes that we have to deliver working remotely, while client acquisition was 
always on. Executing projects remotely, and especially making them move from an on-premise 
environment to a cloud environment, especially public sector or healthcare customers who are 
very, onsite focus customers, executing those kinds of projects remotely, did take a lot of change 
of culture, change of management, change of style and approach, change of IT environmentally 
that we had and I am happy to report that we had 12 customers who went live in this quarter, 
which had completed all the cycles and steps that they had in terms of their maturity cycle, and 
we have 30 new customers who have kicked off their projects. So as you can see, the business 
is really geared up and evolved to deliver from a remote point of view. And we are constantly 
evaluating how would our future, model look like. And remote working continues to be a key 
part of that design.  
Going forward, I would also like to share some key insights into the performance of the quarter, 
the kind of wins that we have had, and the various other activities. And I would also share a little 
future outlook, in terms of where do we see momentum going forward. On the performance of 
the quarter we have had really good order booking growth drove at 65% plus growth in the order 
book, especially highlighted was the order book growth in North America and Europe, both of 
which clocked 200% plus Y-o-Y growth in the order book that we had in the geographies. The 
deal sizes is another key highlight that I wanted to bring up. So our average deal sizes are 
constantly going up and the number of large customers that we are now acquiring is phenomenal. 
Our average deal size for the 30 customers that we acquired is more than 600,000 US per 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
customer. And it is constantly going up every quarter, as we see in terms of the orders that we 
have closed and the 5 that we’re dealing with. And the other interesting aspect of our customer 
wins that he had this quarter was the good spread and in the right verticals. So the verticals that 
we have good focus on, so while we have good public sector healthcare focus from both Mastek 
and Evosys, our commercial side of the verticals are really gaining strength in the Oracle side of 
the business. And I’m sure it will soon follow with the joint sales in those verticals. So we have 
had 4 good wins in Manufacturing sector, most of them in North America, we have healthcare 
within US, again, out of private sector, healthcare setups in the US and there are Engineering 
and Construction wins all across in Europe, as well as in US and Middle East. We’ve also had a 
few good Telecom wins in the Middle East that has also supported the transaction. So as you 
can see, the commercial or non-public sector kind of vertical is also really speeding up in terms 
of growth. And I’m sure that’s a key view that we have as we go forward in terms of diversifying 
our portfolio from being health care public sector to a little more commercial oriented as we 
move forward.  
One of the other interesting observation that we had in the deals that we won and that is what I 
want to share with you is, many of these deals are on premise to cloud transformation. In fact, 
more than 50% of these customers would be customers transforming from there on-premise 
application to cloud. And in large number of these customers, we will not be in incumbent 
partner. So the clients are choosing us over the traditional GSI to replace them from on-premise 
to cloud, this is a brilliant sign, which shows confidence in terms of the next generation wave 
that we are trying to create, not just from a technology point of view but from a culture and 
partnership relationship that we want to create with our clients. And that is really good line that 
we are moving forward with.  
I will also take a minute to again talk about the joint win that we had in Europe, with the $7.7 
million transaction over three years, for one of the leading global Engineering and Construction 
consulting firms spread out globally with offices in Europe, US and other places in the world. I 
will more talk about why the customers chose us so like Abhishek mentioned, this was a 
customer dealing with an incumbent partner at Tier-1 incumbent and there are three key things 
that really made the difference here - one of course when you look at the customers have started 
looking at us with a fresh new eye of the next generation supplier, Evosys-Mastek combination, 
which has a super specialized arm in terms of cloud, but also a partner that has a much broader 
view of services that they can offer, and that’s one of the key things that really moved them up. 
So they could find a partner with specialization, but also can take care of their broader services 
and needs. The second key aspect is the asset that we have been really building and working on 
was our on-premise to cloud transformation asset known as Evosys Glide, we are very happy to 
announce that we will be releasing version 2.4 of Evosys Glide in the coming quarter, with many 
more automations and innovation in it to taking care of RPA and Chatbot and various other tools. 
So that the experience of moving from an on-premise environment to a modern cloud 
environment is much more digital much more visible in terms of the ROI that it provides. Third, 
last but not the least, is our methodology of looking at value based delivery, we call it VBD in 
Evosys, it’s a philosophy where we really want to deliver outcome to our customers. And we are 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
happy even to the go, even to put skin in the game on these contracts in terms of an outcome 
based contracts with our customers. To deliver such kind of contracting, we have built an asset 
called VBA, we have just released version 6 of our VBA asset. It’s an asset that allows us to do 
benchmarking of their current environment, evaluate the business, ROIs that we could deliver 
and then constantly not provide inputs to the client in terms of the value that we have provided, 
hence creating a much more objective model of outcome based contracting that they can sign 
for. So those are some of the key factors of the quarter that I wanted to highlight.  
As we look forward and move forward into the rest of the year and years to come. I think there 
are two key aspects of our business that are going to be important. First, of course, the growth 
that Oracle ERP cloud is experiencing. Its Oracle is constantly growing at between 25% to 30%, 
every quarter. In fact, last quarter the ERP cloud grew more than 30%. So there is a good tailwind 
behind us in terms of the momentum that Oracle is experiencing as they transform their 
customers from on premise to cloud. And clearly we have a very strong sweet spot in that market 
and group. The second, is we’ve also constantly gaining market share from competition in these 
accounts, like the example I gave you just before that we are winning many of these accounts 
out of our competition, which were the existing incumbent traditional GSIs. Our strategy for key 
continuing to win market share actually relies on three phases, three key pillars again, first and 
foremost is our ability to verticalize our solutions. Manufacturing is a key vertical, if you’re 
really trying to build on, we’ve already had good assets and good wins across Manufacturing. 
We are one of the leading providers for Manufacturing as a vertical for Oracle. And we are 
investing significantly in this vertical to build far more assets around not just the traditional cloud 
ERP migration, but also more innovative assets around IoT and other areas that could really 
digitize the Manufacturing environment that we are working with. So that’s one, the second area 
is the SAP compete market and this is where we think is the sizeable wave of business that we 
are really going to be able to penetrate. We are an Oracle only partner so we currently as far as 
our ERP business is concerned, we service only Oracle and as you know Oracle from all reviews 
of Gartner or all of the other analysts currently leading the way as far as the cloud ERP market 
is concerned. And this is the time when Oracle has a good chance of really transforming the SAP 
customers to cloud. As you must have heard SAP did announced their results and their wish of 
transforming their install base into Cloud and sunsetting their ECC environment. And we clearly 
see a wave with many of these SAP customers are evaluating not just SAP HANA, but also 
evaluating Oracle Cloud or any of the other cloud platforms as an option. And gaining market 
share out of SAP is a key part of our strategy. In fact, in this quarter itself, we had a very large 
telecom customer, a two decade old SAP install base customer migrating lock stock and barrel 
to Oracle Cloud using our SAP for Glide for SAP program. So we constantly look at investing 
into the program and we see this is a market where we will become a super specialist also in 
terms of helping customers migrate from SAP to Oracle Cloud. The third and the last piece of 
our future business that is going to be important is building a Cloud Managed Services Solution 
platform. As the cloud solution matures, more and more customers are migrating or moving or 
stabilizing their business into the cloud, and hence the managed services business in the cloud 
applications world is also constantly growing. We saw, two large deals already that had multi-
million dollar contracts for more than three year managed services that we have won over the 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
last two quarters, and we see many more deals coming out. What this view of cloud managed 
services applications would look like, is not just providing a traditional SLA based support, but 
it is a much more modern, outcome specific environment, which is, not just supporting but 
constantly delivering enhancements and value for money that the client needs and these are the 
differentiators that will help us not just continuously win new customers, but also create a lot of 
stability in terms of repeatable revenue that we will add to our business. So that’s the three key 
pillars of growth and future focus that we’re constantly looking at, of course added with our 
value based delivery model that I spoke about earlier.  
Last, but not the least, that I wanted to talk to all of you is around the cross-sell and the integration 
between Mastek and Evosys, we are moving really well in terms of integrating the two 
organizations in the right direction, we have already integrated our CRM applications. So we 
have a single view of our customers and we are able to identify cross-sell opportunities and look 
at the various potentials that we need to work on. And we are going to migrate many of our other 
applications in the coming quarters. Also, our sales teams have become much more synchronized 
over the last eight to nine months, and we have a much clear proposition and offering that we 
are talking to our customers, they’ve already had some good wins that we spoke about earlier. 
And the fight of cross-sell is also constantly building. The other aspect is trying to now invest in 
a dedicated team for the cross-selling initiative is the mix phenomenon, we have already added 
a few resources and we are looking at investing much more in terms of this 3 pillar’s, which is 
a dedicated cross-sell team. We already are sitting on a pipe of more than $30 million and we 
constantly look at expanding that pipe as we move forward with the dedicated team there and 
also bringing in many more wins in this year.  
The propositions also are quite well aligned. So while we already have a strong proposition 
around cloud ERP and cloud applications, we are now expanding our cloud proposition to look 
at various other adjacent areas in terms of cloud infrastructure, migration, cloud application 
development, cloud security, etc. So, all in all, it’s the proposition it’s the team, it’s the systems, 
all of them are starting to fall in line. And we clearly are moving towards a direction of making 
one plus one way more than three. So that’s broadly the outlook in terms of where we are heading 
and look forward to discussing more and sharing or answering to the questions that you guys 
might have. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Ashish Aggarwal from Principle AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Couple of questions from my side, firstly I wanted to understand how sustainable are these 
margins of 21%, because we have been talking about a 14% to 15% margin band earlier. So how 
sustainable are these 21% margins going forward. Secondly, the Middle East business just 
wanted to understand any specific problem we are seeing in Middle East business because that 
has been a geography where we are seeing a decline, so any specific issues around that. And 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
may be driven by some large accounts because it looks like that outside top five there was some 
revenue decline in those customers, thanks. 
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you, Ashish. I will take that question and the first one that you have on sustainability of 
operating EBITDA margins. Now it’s a very obvious question for all the IT services firm who 
are enjoying a lot of cost savings on account of Covid. But I would like to draw your attention 
to two fundamental facts, rather three. It’s not just the Covid savings, which has catapulted our 
operating EBITDA but also sustained revenue growth. If you look at it, both on organic as well 
as Evosys side of the business, we have been having a significant, a meaningful growth I would 
say, while most of the organizations have struggled with Q1 we sustained and then from there 
we grew and inorganic obviously has grown significantly. So growth gives you the leverage and 
the other part of it is it’s not about what of this is sustainable. But what is the ambition and the 
ambition here is about growth and I would take a leaf from cognizance philosophy many, many, 
many years back and they said there is a threshold after which we would like to invest back into 
the business. And as a management team and our board they’re very supportive of the growth 
ambition, and not just maxing out the EBITDA levels that we have here.  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Is there any number we are targeting that beyond this we will go and reinvest in the business?  
Abhishek Singh: 
Absolutely, high teens has always been our aspiration and clearly we have accelerated to that 
aided by both organic and inorganic side of the businesses and their expansion. So high 
EBITDA, high teens is what we like to sustain and use the rest to accelerate, the business. Other 
part of your question, Ashish was on the Middle East, I would like to qualify here that Middle 
East, there is no business or operational challenge, so to speak, I had mentioned in my note that 
services revenue has grown meaningfully, a very high rather. Whereas the license revenue, there 
is a part of our revenue that comes from licenses as well, and we are consciously looking to kind 
of minimize it and to that extent and it is a very, very low margin activity. So that has gone down 
and all of that is in Middle East. That’s why you see the Middle East revenues down, but from 
the sustainable and annuity revenue that we care for, that is not down and there are no challenges 
in the geography. As a matter of fact, the geography has experienced budget expansions as well.  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
But it seems like that their customers outside top five has declined between 6 and 10 customers, 
it seems like have declined on a in this quarter, any specific reason or this is just some of the UK 
private clients have a problem? 
Abhishek Singh: 
That’s right, the UK private where we had some de-growth, the maximum impact was 
experienced in this quarter, Ashish. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Congratulations to everyone on the Mastek team for delivering a very, very good set of results. 
Especially the ROE increasing beyond 20%, margins increasing beyond 20%, although it may 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
taper off. But all these numbers have been very good and heartening to see that all the fruits of 
the past few years are coming to fruition, all efforts. Now coming to the questions, one is on the 
macro side given that the situation with regard to lock downs, and Covid scenario is changing 
very rapidly for the worse, specifically in UK and Europe. So if John can give some color on 
that side, that is question number one. And secondly now that we have a net cash of almost Rs 
500 odd crores and so how do we plan to what are we thinking and are there some specific areas 
or skill sets that we want to acquire through M&A now that we have, again, reached almost a 
similar level of net cash that we had when we acquired Evosys few quarters back? 
John Owen: 
Okay, let me try and give you the lockdown. So, on the businesses it is lock down, as I said, we 
will continue to grow and we’ll continue to deliver so I don’t think lock down second peaks will 
be materially impacting us, because we’ve already got the operating model working. We see the 
pipeline, we’ve got a lot and are a lot of our business now is moving to fixed price from T&M. 
So, in the short term lockdown doesn’t have an impact, in the long term it obviously reduces 
economic activity and we’ve done a fantastic job of refactoring into those segments and those 
verticals that not only are growing but have the ability to pay their bills so, UK Government, 
Health and the cloud. So the quick answer Sarvesh, is the I don’t see locked down having a 
material impact as a massive human impact and we shouldn’t sort of diminish that area, because 
it is challenging for people, but at the company level, we’re managing that challenge. Regarding 
the net cash, yes we will look at how we allocate capital and where we get the best return for our 
shareholders. On M&A Yes, we would look to balance out, because the acquisition of Evosys is 
going well and it’s, too early to declare victory. But you just heard Umang a great segment. 
They’ve got a great management team and they’ve integrated that part of Mastek and there’s a 
long term view and fit. Regarding, can we accelerate our growth and fill in some of the gaps that 
we have, absolutely we will allocate capital to do that. Now, is it organic or inorganic, that’s the 
question at the moment, we’re putting some organic investment into the cross-sell, because we’re 
seeing good traction there. We may look at accelerating our inorganic, but it’s got to accelerate 
the strategy which is why the Evosys acquisition is a good, sort of proof point. Can we follow 
that up, if we were it would be around the momentum in the global market around cloud 
migration and it would probably have a geographic focus on the US because as I said, that’s the 
area that we want to accelerate. If we’re going to be a sustainable, scalable, reliable mid-cap 
we’ve got to have a significant, bigger, significant presence in the US. So that way we would 
allocate the capital, but only if we knew we could operationalize it and generate cash from that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Congratulations on a great quarter. If I make extend, John’s cricketing analogy that the 
environment looks like a flat pitch and you have been batting around. So congrats, again. John, 
I recall your comments in the previous quarter on the prospects from NHS and the Home Office, 
looking rather well and possibly executing a hockey stick kind of growth towards the end of this 
fiscal. If I can request you to just flesh out the outlook that you’re seeing today, given how the 
environment is over there. And what do you make of that? 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
John Owen: 
Well, I think if you take a cricketing analogy, you’re right, if it’s a flat pitch and they are bowling 
half vollies, hit them. So, the market is very attractive for us, probably because we’ve got the 
right portfolio, we’ve got the right focus on verticals, and we’ve got the right management team. 
So, taking that cricketing analogy, it is a flat pitch. But it’s amazing how many other people 
aren’t hitting the half vollies that are coming up.  
Regarding the NHS, the Home Office, as I said, there are some big projects, what I call game 
changing projects coming through the pipeline, that will be adjudicated in the second half, 
because government obviously changed the financial year at the end of March. So, I do think 
those will be put to contract and they’re both in the home office and particularly in the Home 
Office, and the MOD and the NHS. So those are the three big departments where we have a 
proven track record. We’re engaged in business development with them and what I will say, and 
I’ll segment it if I May, one is we will grow with what we’ve already got. But can we accelerate 
the growth and get an inflection point in that, that’s what I think the next I’d say 6 to 12 months. 
That’s the opportunity in front of Mastek and it is capitalizing on all the work we’ve done over 
the last probably 5 to 10 years of building a reputation for delivery and value for money. I think 
it’s also important to have a. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Very broadly that you’d like to quantify, what’s the new opportunity looking like? 
John Owen: 
If I look at a pipeline, our biggest order value we’ve had in Mastek is around about 10 to 15 
million pounds. We are in a consortium that is hundreds of millions of which the Mastek element 
is on three projects. Each project is worth about 25 million pounds per annum. It’s that order of 
quantum. Now, I’m not baking that into the plan, we’re not resourcing to that. But that is what’s 
in, now I do expect to win one of those, I’d like to win all three. But that I think is to give you 
an inflection point that where it would come, we will continue to grow at sort of 20% without 
those projects coming in. So, I don’t know if that helps sort of explain the trajectory. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Well, that’s interesting thanks very much. Abhishek bookkeeping question on the minority 
interest, part of the business, was the first tranche of the balance 30% stake reversals due this 
September and how should we look at reduction in minority interest in the next couple of years?  
Abhishek Singh: 
First one is due September next year, nothing has happened till date. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sorry, are you saying the first installment is due September next year, and not this year? 
Abhishek Singh: 
That’s right. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Alright sure. And I had few questions for Umang, but he has answered most of them in his 
opening comment, except what’s the recurring portion of the services component revenue in the 
Evosys? I’m sorry if I have missed this number in his opening remark. 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Umang Nahata: 
Currently, the support services account for around 30%, give or take 1% or 2%. And our 
ambition is to move that 50% in the next two to three years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Swan investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Congrats to the entire Mastek team for delivering a very good set of numbers. Just two, three 
question. One on Middle East, basically you mentioned that you have moved the business little 
bit and now you’re looking more of less of licensing and that’s why there is revenue dip while 
the margin is expanded. So is the reset has happened? or this could happen again before we settle 
in normal? 
John Owen: 
I was going to say, I didn’t pick up the whole question. But if I give you what our Middle East 
is, if I miss something Abhishek will fill in the gaps. But the Middle East is about driving stability 
and profitability. It’s about getting cash generation out of that region because it has the ability 
to absorb working capital and we want to basically turn our cash over quickly. But it is also an 
area where we innovate. So we talked about the SAP opportunity, which is massive, not just for 
Oracle, but also for Mastek and Evosys to actually support that and stimulate that growth. That 
capability was built out of the Middle East, so it also has the ability to innovate as a region. So 
the other element is, as Oracle particularly put their hosting centers into the Middle East, that 
will also unlock an area that we are very strong in, which is the military public sector in that 
region. So, I think that market will go from an on-prem to a cloud, because they’re hosted within 
the region. So the Middle East is a growth, but it’s about profitable, targeted growth, it’s about 
innovation and exporting that, and it’s about making sure that our cash generation is positive. 
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure and when we see the geographical breakup that you have shared in the other segment, we 
can see a loss of close to around Rs 4 crores. So is there some write off that we have taken in 
any of the geographies and is it more like a one off and then next quarter we should go off if you 
could just clarify a bit on Abhishek?  
Abhishek Singh: 
Yes, Sachin it’s one-off and it’s for one of the government projects here. I just won’t repeat in 
the future.  
Sachin Kasera: 
Sure. And last question on the cash and the acquisition that you talked about. So you mentioned 
that America is one of the geographies we would like to solidify our position. So are we looking 
at a significant acquisition maybe in the next three to four quarters to really accelerate the 
America growth? 
John Owen: 
I think we would. It comes down to what’s the best use of capital. And in order to do that, if we 
said we were doing another acquisition two quarters ago, you’d have thought we were crazy. 
Basically, on the reaction we had to the Evosys acquisition, over the last three quarters, two and 
a half quarters, we’ve proven that we’ve got the capability to acquire, integrate and operate an 
acquisition. Now the size of that would be questionable, it would be within what could we 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
actually consume and again, make sure the momentum is in the business. I think the reverse way 
of answering it is the market, there is enough in the market for Mastek to grow faster than the 
market, number one. In order to do that, maybe buying a company that gives us some 
acceleration factor or rounds out our capability could be attractive if that has the cultural fit that 
we have with Evosys. And so the team come in with the right construct, the right fit, the right 
deal structure and it’s actually an asset that can amortize our global capability, not just a 
geography. So, what I will say, it won’t be in the UK vertical because that’s very much 
government. It would be in the global mid-market and around cloud migration and if those 
capabilities could accelerate and we could integrate and it would make good value and give us 
more momentum, we will deploy the capital. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Just two questions, one is on the integration with Evosys, like what stage we are in? And is there 
a chance that you guys can also knock off goodwill when the integration is complete? 
John Owen: 
I’ll do the integration and I’ll let Abhishek to comment on accounting and knocking off goodwill. 
Operationally very, very well. So we’ve integrated the back office, and the finance to the 
facilities that’s into a platform we call one Mastek. So we’re trying to leverage our fixed costs 
and have a common look and feel to the organization. That is also going to have some significant 
investment over the next couple of years because we need to get a more operational digital 
footprint in our operating model. But that end is already done. We’re now working on the people 
strand, so we’re integrating. So we can move our resources around a lot more smoothly. I think, 
as we talked, Mohit, about the strategy of the mid-market, that’s where we will actually want to 
put in for every dollar, we can amortize that over the global footprint, not just in where we were, 
historically just into UK or the UK public. And we are integrating sales and marketing but in 
that very discipline, column one, column two, and column three and column two is where, as 
Umang said, we’re putting new resources and because we don’t want to distract column one and 
column three, and we will grow column two. So integration functionally going well, culturally 
going really well, everybody feels as part of one team. There’s one share price, so we’re working 
collectively. So, I’m really pleased culturally how it is going but that takes leadership from both 
sides. So, I thank Umang and Rakesh particularly for driving that agenda within Evosys. I’ll let 
Abhishek to comment on the accounting element. 
Abhishek Singh: 
Mohit, I missed your specific question, what was that please? 
Mohit Jain: 
If the integration is going like as planned is there a possibility that you guys can net off the 
goodwill as well by the end of the year.? Because you have become one company and therefore, 
you will have that option of doing it? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Okay, I understand your question. Thank you. Now, those two will follow their own independent 
path Mohit, while integration is about getting all the assets and all the energies aligned to 
accelerate the growth, accounting will follow its path.  

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
Mohit Jain: 
So that we continue to run in the same way as you’re reporting for me? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Correct. 
Mohit Jain: 
And second Abhishek was on utilization, why was our utilization be down on a Q-o-Q basis with 
such a strong revenue growth, like is there a pricing which has moved up or what would result 
into a low utilization for us Q-o-Q? 
Abhishek Singh: 
We have added trainees, Mohit, we have now started to add trainees in our organization across 
Evosys as well as Mastek. 
Mohit Jain: 
This utilization is including trainees and your net addition was not much right? It looks like on 
the revenue per employee basis that our pricing has gone up for some reason, despite offshoring 
also going up? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Yes, pricing has gone up in a couple of accounts. That’s there. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, now 2Q is at steady state sort of or is there some element of like special projects or something 
which would reverse back, like how should we take a reference? Like 1Q is a steady state pricing 
or is it 2Q which is more representative of the steady state prices? 
Abhishek Singh: 
These are good representations Mohit, we  will add people, you will have some impact on the 
utilization but overall we have had the impact that we would imagine from the first phase of 
COVID, both in terms of clientele as well as the size of the business, the revenues as well as 
payment terms and pricing discounts to include. We have been able to up operate at a place or 
two as well. So, I would say that this is a good representation of the trend going forward. Let me 
qualify that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhu Babu from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhu Babu: 
Sir, we mentioned that we’ll go through consortium in UK again for government projects, 
because actually now we are going mostly on a standalone compared to the earlier model. So 
how this consortium model and who are the leading vendors in that and would you like to pursue 
more such kind of deals? And second is whether the furlough impact will be there this time? 
because some of the IT companies are talking of higher furloughs, your views on that, thanks. 
John Owen: 
To answer you are we going through it, we’re going through a more blended channel to market. 
So, to answer the last question, which was from better, or organic growth direct selling will 
continue to grow in the mid-20s, over the year we are seen as a recognized trusted supplier. And 
that’s a direct sale, we’re also when you get into big projects, and I’ll use an example of the 
Ministry of Defense, they also want to build their own supply chain, because defense is subtly 
different. And it needs to have continuity of supply chain, so it has different criteria. So in that, 
as an example we’ve signed up to the military covenant, which means that we will take ex-

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
service people into our employment, because that’s part of the military covenant in the UK, 
which is if you want to be a supplier to that organizer, or that department you should support 
those staff as they come out to the military life into a civilian life. And it also gives us huge 
access to very skilled, both technical people and leadership. However, if you want to do big 
projects, and we’re talking national infrastructure and major supply, yes we’re in a consortium 
with people like Kinetic who is a multi-billion pound company that’s got a very strong and deep 
military background. And just to give you an idea, they came out of DSTL who do all the 
chemical checking on things like Novichok, which was obviously relevant in the UK. So that 
just gives us a totally different access to a whole new market. It’s not either or it’s both if that 
helps Madhu. 
Madhu Babu: 
Yes, and on the furlough? 
John Owen: 
On the furlough, we don’t see furlough impacting. We’ve probably balanced our business in the 
UK to be between supply and demand. We’re actually looking at bringing on more people in our 
graduate training. So no furlough, we’ve reversed everything, we don’t forget never say never, 
but it’s not in our plans for the next two to three quarters. 
Madhu Babu: 
No, sir I’m asking whether the December you’ll have that shutdown in the last Christmas week, 
that will impact? 
John Owen: 
Sorry. I think there will be elements of that. I mean Q3 is, as you say, on a T&M basis, there’s 
less billing day. So we will have that, but I think the balance in the portfolio will offset the 
furlough impacts. So yes, Q3 will have an impact of furlough, but I don’t think it will be material 
on growth. But that would probably give you a stronger Q4, so probably Q2 to Q3 you’d look 
to modest, flat to modest, Q4, much more accelerated position, but not because of the business 
because of the furlough impact. I don’t know if Abhishek, you want to give a more granular 
detail to that, 
Abhishek Singh: 
I think John you have covered the aspects. Absolutely, there will be some impact there. Some of 
the programs go through it every year and to that extent we’ll have it Madhu Babu, but that said 
the order booking that we have done and the acceleration that we have in the business, we 
endeavor to cover for it, if not more.  
Madhu Babu: 
Just one more if I can. So, last two acquisitions have been on the Oracle side. So we seem to be 
completely aligned to one platform. So in terms of the next like let us say Azure or Salesforce 
and all, so how are we placed in those platforms in terms of investments because completely 
into Oracle as of now, thanks. 
John Owen: 
Okay, if you look at TAISTech and Evosys, they just happened to both to be Oracle, it wasn’t a 
big strategic decision to go with Oracle’s number one. And if I look at it, so TAISTech segment 
in digital commerce, Oracle have lost position in that over the last few years, where if I look at 
their ERPs, as Umang said, they are absolutely up in the Magic Quadrant, creating massive 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
leadership and momentum against people like SAP and Workday. And you’re right, our 
acquisitions would be to support that strategy and at the moment, we have enough work coming 
from the Oracle channel. With the SAP, we need some capability, but I don’t think we’d go to 
market with something like that. But you’re right, once we’ve landed a customer with Oracle, 
that customer wants to go on a more hybrid cloud ecosystem. So, most of the customers will 
have Azure in there for that Office 365, they may have some Salesforce, they may be looking at 
Amazon Web Services. So, we have got that capability and that experience from the UK, that 
we’re expanding into the global footprint. But as far as acquisition is concerned, Madhu, it 
wouldn’t be go to market, it would be more of that capability that helps. I don’t think we want 
to deflect our go to market at the moment.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratham Jain from Surana Maloo Family Office. 
Please go ahead.  
Pratham Jain: 
I wanted to congratulate the management for posting very strong financials. My first question is 
regarding the net debt Sir.  So like the management told that we have paid around $5 million in 
debt and we have a lot of net cash. So what are the plans for reducing the debt furthermore? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you. What we mentioned in our respective presentations or conversation that, that is the 
strategy that we are looking at what’s the capital allocation strategy, is this the best way of 
repaying the debt or should we actually deploy that, given that the cost of debt is very, very 
minimal, given LIBOR is extremely low at this point of time, as well as onshore, the interest 
cost is very, very minimal. So it’s in the works at this point, and if there are no better alternatives, 
then obviously, that’s the easiest option that we have as management to repay the debt, but it is 
being worked upon. 
Pratham Jain: 
In consulting business of Mastek, the organic business, sir, the business has been seeing a de-
growth for the past three years, sir at a CAGR of 38%. So is the company planning on investing 
so that this particular segment, see some growth in the future?  
Abhishek Singh: 
By consulting, I would imagine you are referring to the Indigo Blue side of the business. And if 
that’s so, we do want to share that we did restructure that business, wherein just the consulting 
part of it is reflected there, whereas the delivery of that is mostly done by the other part of the 
organization. And consulting is not necessarily our foray. It’s the sharp end of the spear that 
opens the account, the agile consulting and intelligence around it, the bigger bet there is the 
follow-up business that it enables us to bid for and win. So, that’s the effect and that’s the way 
we are looking at the effectiveness of that.  
Pratham Jain: 
Okay, sir one last question sir. Sir regarding the promoter holding, sir one year back there were 
around 57% pledge and now the pledge has become zero. So can we just give some information 
and why were the pledge created and why the pledge has been revoked now? 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
Abhishek Singh: 
Thank you for this question. It will help answer questions that many people might have had. 
Actually, it was never a pledge, it was a technical pledge based on a bank covenant that we had 
for a debt that we had raised earlier. The new SEBI circular that came in September, October 
last year, actually made it so and we ensured that we addressed it. So there was never a pledge 
and now with the interpretation and the revised status of ours, we are out of it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Ravi Naredi from the Naredi Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir this margin profit after tax 14.3% will be new normal in coming time? 
Abhishek Singh: 
Hi Ravi, thanks for your question. We’ve tried to address it through operating EBITDA 
percentage, and we were looking at it from a PAT percentage point of view, it is one and the 
same profitability at any level will flow through. Having said that, our focus is that we will look 
to reinvest beyond a certain threshold back into the business and accelerate the growth to that 
extent, for this year it is, there is a visibility, and we have a degree of certainty. Beyond that the 
way business shapes up, the way some of these costs comes back, whether it’s travel, hospitality, 
meals, entertainment, customer engagement, that will determine it as to where those percentages 
are. Having said that, we would like to endeavor to grow the business at a rate that we are able 
to sustain it. But that’s on the best effort basis.  
Ravi Naredi: 
Right sir. Thank you very much and Sir due to Corona spread in Europe again, how it will impact 
us in this current quarter? 
Abhishek Singh: 
So, Corona impact has been there for now seven months, we have been working from home, 
100% of our workforce is working from home and we will continue to do so in the coming times 
as well, at this point of time we’d like to believe that they will be able to sustain our delivery 
with the work from home models. And to that extent, we are in a better place.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshit Shah from Nrivana Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshit Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, just one clarification, if I heard John correctly, 
on the UK Government opportunity which is going to throw up in the second half of this year. 
So we roughly are eyeing around three deals worth 20 to 25 million pounds to bid along with 
the consortium. Did I hear it correct? 
John Owen: 
That is correct. Yes, they’re in the pipeline, they’re not in the forecast. 
Darshit Shah: 
Sure, got it thank you so much. And on the dividend part, sir do we have a stated dividend policy 
since we are having good amount of cash as well as we are generating good amount of cash flow 
from operation as well, around Rs 150 crore has already been generated in the first half and 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
going by this standard we’ll probably end up to Rs 250 crore, Rs 300 crore in this year. So, do 
we have a stated dividend policy for shareholders would like to know that? Thank you. 
Abhishek Singh: 
Sure. See, based on the SEBI norms, we are not obligated to have one, but we do use a certain 
guidelines to determine it. And there are some other factors also, which is about the sustainability 
and the serviceability, as well as the best deployment of the cash. And we use those parameters 
to determine it. And endeavor is always to kind of maintain and grow northward on the dividend 
percentage. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirmal Bari from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirmal Bari: 
My first question is on the employee expenses, you stated that we are taking salary hikes from 
1st of October. So if you can state a number for, as in what would be the range for salary hikes. 
And secondly what would be the net additions that we are looking at in the second half in terms 
of employee? 
Abhishek Singh: 
I’ll take that John, I don’t know whenever there was an echo or the question. So Nirmal, the 
wage hikes are being worked upon as in principle, we have agreed to go ahead. What’s the 
affordability and what’s the right way to do it, it’s being worked upon. Having said that, it’s not 
going to be significantly different from what we had last year. And the headcount addition is as 
a function of the businesses both the lateral and trainees, the hiring of lateral folks as well as 
trainees. So we continue to add based on the business visibility and at this point of time, as John 
said, the H2 looks to be stronger than H1. So we’ll have some meaningful addition over the year. 
Nirmal Bari: 
Okay, thanks. And the second question is on offshoring. So, in Q2 of last year, it’s been some 
time since then. But we talked about the 20 million pound opportunity with the UK Government 
for offshoring, since then work from home has become a bit more acceptable to maybe to the 
government as well and so, what is the opportunity there in terms of the agreeability of the 
government in terms of offshoring and how do we see that ratio moving? 
John Owen: 
Okay, so when we started, we have about 60 offshore seats doing government work. And there 
is no reason why that can’t go up 10x over the next two to three years. So that’s the scale of the 
opportunity and the scale of the ambition. We’ve got a proven model with the NHS, we’ve got 
a proven model with the Home Office and we’ve got a proven model now with the MOD. So, 
and that I think will grow, as I described it’s the perfect storm, because governments are going 
to have to look at budget reduction in their capital budgets over the next probably five years to 
pay for COVID. And they may have a massive digital program that they’ve got to deliver, 
because that’s a way of giving better citizen services and better value for money. And you can’t 
just reduce manpower and rate cards in that, so it is a perfect storm where if you want to deliver 
that digital agenda, you’re going to have to look at different ways of getting access to capacity 
and capability. So it naturally moves to an offshoring model, but it’s more intelligent offshoring 
than just here, we’ve got some low cost labor in a low cost country, because the cost of 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
management and the risk is massive in that, so it will be blended. And we’re probably at the 
forefront of the queue of people who they would trust to ramp up an existing model to deliver 
that. So that’s where we’re at, but we’ve got four or five customers who are actively looking at 
this dialogue with us from UK Government. So, it’s a massive opportunity but we really are in 
the foothills of that opportunity. But you’re right, because of COVID the client is more open to 
that and more innovative because they’ve seen the value of working remotely. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of J Vivek from JS Investments. Please go ahead. 
J Vivek: 
Congrats on excellent set of numbers, Sir. I wanted to inquire about the opportunity size of cloud 
implementation for Oracle, in view of increasing work from home and what’s the growth rate 
we expect, and do we confine ourselves to only to Oracle cloud technology? Or are we open to 
the other AWS and other cloud technologies and how’s the competition intensity in it? And how 
are we performing? Thank you. 
John Owen: 
Okay, I’ll let Umang talk about the Oracle bit. But, as Mastek we’ve always had a very strong 
capability in Amazon and Azure because that’s a lot of the work that we’ve done and helping 
UK Government moved to those platforms. So we have strong capability what we’ve never done 
is go to market with those companies. We’ve been more engineering solutions with them, where 
we engineer and go to market is obviously Oracle who have clear leadership position in the ERP 
and EBS space. But I’ll let Umang give some commentary on that. 
Umang Nahata: 
Thanks, John. So although the working remotely or working from offshore definitely has 
increased with COVID. However, the kind of customers that we are not dealing with are much 
more large scale and their expectations and outcomes. So it is more fixed price bids with outcome 
expectations and therefore there’s no direct pressure on rates that we’re seeing on the SaaS cloud 
side of the business. Just to add on John’s comment, as far as the cloud application business is 
concerned, which is the SaaS, ERP, SCM, etc. There we are working only with Oracle. But as 
far as the cloud in general is considered like the cloud migration or using cloud for App 
development and innovation, there we work across the board with Oracle, Microsoft, AWS, etc. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Soham Das, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Soham Das: 
So, I had a couple of few questions. I’m actually referring to the annual report and I found the 
interest cost was very low in terms of $17.7 million as the interest cost for the term loans, as 
against Rs 1.8 billion for the term loans. Can you actually elaborate why exactly this is low even 
though the LIBOR plus 190, LIBOR plus 150 interest costs up to about 2..5%? 
John Owen: 
I’ll let Abhishek cover that, but living in the geography, I can assure you LIBOR where it is, is 
very uncomfortable. But it’s good for borrowing money, but I’ll let Abhishek give more detailed 
answer. 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Abhishek Singh: 
Sure John, thank you. So simple answer to that is, if you look at last financial year the borrowings 
were limited to $10 billion and kept reducing, though the line of credit was much higher and that 
was at LIBOR plus 150. And, to that extent it’s not very high, even if you round it to 2% on that, 
represents the number and a majority of the borrowing was done at the February end of this 
financial year, the 45 day or 40 day worth of costs, or possibly lesser days of the cost was 
reflected in the last financial year. This financial year, you have a full-fledged impact there. So 
not sure exactly where we’re missing it, but it could be just the timing for which you are 
computing. 
Soham Das: 
Yes. I think that explains it and my second point is that, in the last quarterly call, you talked 
about the conversion of marquee conversion of $200,000 client to a $4 million client, how is that 
shaping up. Are we seeing any more development in that area? 
John Owen: 
All our customers are, so if I look at that one in particular, that customer has an active plan there 
with us to increase what I will call our scope in that account. So the phone call comes in because 
we did an ERP, we did the managed service, and then the phone call, basically you’re at the top 
table when opportunities are being looked at. So the conversation went something like, do you 
guys have full stack developers because we’ve got a project that we need to do. You then have 
another question, do you guys have MuleSoft skills because we need to integrate this asset and 
that’s the beauty of this strategy of working with Evosys to get us to the table and Mastek to 
keep us at the table and grow. It’s a very complimentary strategy. When we both got 
complementary skills, what it means to the customer is, I can go with one organization for my 
full transformation. Now we’re only as good as how we deliver. And based on what Umang said, 
we’re very good at delivering through the assets and repeatable toolset, a consistent outcome 
and we’re quite happy now to look at contracting for that outcome, which again, is a massive 
differentiator to what their incumbent service companies do. But to answer your question 
formally, yes the customers that we land are starting to expand on a gradual basis. And that’s 
why we are putting more investment into that column to sales team to take more customers on 
that journey. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from Crest Wealth PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Devang Patel: 
In the US, we see politicians make more noises about against H1B visa’s or job moving overseas 
when the unemployment rate goes up there. So similarly in the UK, do you expect any backlashes 
in government contracts, there is no offshoring? 
Abhishek Singh: 
So, I’ll put it this way that protectionist sentiment has been there for some time now. We are 
seeing it in varied degrees across various countries and over last few years, it has been a norm 
that said, economics and politics is not barest of each other. While the politicians would have 
their own postures, the reality of business operations is always out there. So we have had some 
raising in thresholds of minimum wages in UK that was much ahead of, let’s say the H1 visa 
rhetoric’s that we heard in US of the geography. Singapore and Australia were hard on expat 

 
 Mastek Limited 
October 30, 2020 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
visas much before some of these trends were witnessed. So as an industry, it’s nothing new and 
we look to service our customer in the right shore model. Sometimes it’s onshore, sometimes 
it’s near shore, and sometimes it’s offshore. So we won’t focus too much on that, at this point of 
time, we have what is needed to service our customer.  
John Owen: 
Just to help sort of, from a UK perspective and you’re right the US has probably gone a little 
more protectionist. But that will probably change in the next few months. The UK, ironically, 
it’s a minimum wage threshold for visas, which is primarily driven by the European Union 
legislation, which in Europe tends to be protectionist. As the UK comes out of, through Brexit, 
the bilateral relationships and visa constraints will actually relax is my estimation. Because we 
do need access to Indian labor, both in our technology sector, but more in our health segment as 
well. So, I think Brexit allows the UK Government to drive a more targeted immigration 
strategy, which will benefit India generally, but it will definitely benefit the technology sector 
and the health sector.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
John Owen: 
Okay, thank you very much. It’s been a long call, so let me close quickly. Thank you for your 
continued support and your interest in Mastek. It is greatly appreciated, and we welcome the 
challenge, the questions and keeping us honest. So thank you for that. Hopefully, what you’ve 
heard today is a real change in tone and a real changing in the gears. We’ve gone from cut and 
grow, to cut and invest, we expect the second half to be stronger than the first half. And we’ve 
got this lovely word, ‘Momentum’. So, lots of questions we also have resilience in our operating 
model, and we have resilience in the markets that we serve. The verticals of UK Government 
will grow, Health will grow, and the ERP cloud migration will continue to grow. So we have 
lots to be optimistic about moving forward, we generate cash, and we have a strong balance 
sheet. And as we said, we will look at our capital allocation of what’s the best way to drive 
further growth for Mastek over the next few years. The acquisition of Evosys is going very well 
and it gives us confidence to maybe look at using the cash there. But the reason the acquisition 
is going is because we’ve got a great team and you’ve heard it from Umang today and Abhishek 
is this is a team that’s committed to grow this company and fulfill the potential of Mastek. That 
being said, Q2 very, very good, very happy with it. But we reset to zero and we start again, but 
we’re optimistic Q3 and Q4 will be better. So with that, we’ll close. I thank you for your support. 
I thank you for your interest. Please keep us honest, and we’ll keep delivering for you. Thank 
you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Mastek Limited, that concludes 
today’s call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
