 
 
Page 1 of 38 
 
 
 
“Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited Earnings Call Q2 FY21 & H1 
FY21” 
 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MUKUND KABRA – DIRECTOR, ADVANCED ENZYME 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. B. P. RAUKA – GROUP CFO, ADVANCED ENZYME 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NITIN TIWARI – ANALYST, ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 38 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Advanced 
Enzymes Technologies Limited Earnings Conference Call Q2 
FY21 & H1 FY21. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Nitin Tiwari from Antique Stock 
Broking. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Thank you, Aisha. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. 
Thank you for joining us on the Advanced Enzyme 
Technologies Limited second quarter and first half FY21 
earnings call. Today, we have with us the senior management 
team of the company led by Mr. Mukund Kabra – Director 
and Mr. B. P. Rauka – Group CFO. We will begin the call 
with opening remarks from the management, which shall be 
followed by a Q&A session. I will now hand over the floor to 
the management for their opening comments. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Mukund Kabra: Good evening, everyone. I am Mukund Kubra. It is my 
pleasure to convey our quarter 2 results of the financial year 
2020-21. Firstly, we hope and pray that you and your families 
are in good health and spirit during this turbulent time. 
In the first part of this call, as Nitin said, we will take you 
through the earning and the business highlights followed by 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 38 
the question and answer session. To commence with, I would 
talk about the nutraceutical industry as it is projected to grow 
substantially in coming years. The factor behind this growth 
would be rising awareness regarding calorie reduction and 
weight loss in countries like U.S. and India is expected to 
promote the application of nutraceutical. Use of nutraceutical 
is gaining attraction as preventive healthcare due to no side 
effects of enzymes and probiotics and the increasing 
popularity of enzymes across various industries like food, 
non-food and nonfood process industries. The constant 
innovation in research and development activity to improve 
enzyme specificity as well as stability is further expected to 
propel the growth. 
Now, I would like to give some color on operational aspects. 
Despite of COVID pandemic situation, we are able to 
maintain our healthy export levels. Even the margins have 
improved further comparing with past quarters. As we 
mentioned in our last earnings call that broken supply chain 
and logistical issues are hampering the export business, but 
now they are coming back to normalcy, except in Europe as a 
continent, which is again facing the second wave of 
lockdown. All over the manufacturing units are running 
efficiently and progressing well towards normalcy. We are 
following all the government guidelines in terms of keeping 
precautions and safety. Our R&D units are operational, and 
we are working as per government guidelines and progressing 
well on achieving normalcy at pre-COVID levels. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 38 
Talking about the business updates, our probiotics business is 
growing good and is expected to improve further in the 
coming quarters. Our animal feed business and industrial 
enzyme business has faced several challenges due to COVID 
in quarter 1, mainly quarter 2 witnessed improvement in sales, 
but still far from the normalcy. Moving ahead with the call, 
we proudly announced that we are positive on all the 
parameters and working relentlessly towards our goal for this 
financial year. As you are aware, we strongly believe in 
delivering long-term value to our stakeholder. I'm glad to 
announce that we have a decent growth in profitability 
because of our product mix. In past, we explained that our 
annual financial results are more relevant to derive our 
performance and also for comparative purpose. We are happy 
to say that our EBITDA stood at Rs. 110.2 crore, 48% of sales, 
increased by 9% from Rs. 100.8 crore, 45% of sales in 
financial year '20, and our PAT increased by 12% and stood 
at Rs. 73.4 crore, 32% as compared to Rs. 65.8 crore, which 
was 30% in last year. 
The outlook for financial year '21 is positive with lower 
single-digit growth is what we can see right now. The rest, it 
depends upon how situations plan out because Europe has 
again fell in lockdown due to second wave of pandemic. We 
are still in pandemic situation with the Coronavirus pandemic 
still persisting and has an effect on the supply chain front. So 
we get more clarity going forward in quarter 3, and we will be 
able to say more precisely and with clarity how the year would 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 38 
plan out, but we expect even in such a tough situation, we are 
here to defend and we are committed to growth without 
sacrificing our margins and maintain the stakeholders' value. 
Now, let me hand over this to Raukaji, who is our CFO, who 
will walk you through the company's financial. Raukaji? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Thank you so much, and good evening, everyone. The 
financial highlights for 6 months as of 30th September, 2020, 
the revenue is increased by 91 million. This is about 4% 
increase from 2,218 million to 2,309 million. And our 
EBITDA has increased by 9% from 1,008 million to 1,102 
million. PBT increased by 126 million, which is about 14% 
increase from 891 million to 1,017 million. And PAT is also 
increased about 12% from 658 million to 734 million. On Q-
on-Q basis, our numbers are like growth is about 99 million 
in our topline, which is revenue. And this is about 9% growth 
from 1,105 million to 1,204 million. And EBITDA has 
increased by about 68 million, which is an increase of about 
13% Q4, 585 million. PBT, profit before tax, is up by 4% by 
21 million in absolute number from 498 million to 519 
million, and PAT is increased by 38 million from 348 million 
to 386 million. Year-on-year, revenue is increased by about 
8% from 1,114 million to 1,204 million, and EBITDA is 
increased by about 24% from 473 million to 585 million. 
Profit before tax is up by 25% on year-on-year basis from 416 
million to 519 million. And PAT is increased by 21% from 
318 million to 386 million. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 38 
And the couple of questions generally being asked is about 
evoxx. The evoxx, the topline for the 6 months is 111 million. 
And we are EBITDA positive in this company by 5 million. 
JC Biotech sale is about 214 million for 6 months, which is 
the procurement of serratiopeptidase from them by the parent 
company 
Advanced 
Enzyme. 
And 
the 
sale 
of 
serratiopeptidase for the 6 months is about 488 million. So this 
is from my side and I feel we can open the house for question-
answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of Rohit 
Sinha from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
So as we are seeing that, I mean gradually we are inching up 
in the topline, and I think first time we have touched 120 
crores on the quarterly run rate. So just wanted your thoughts 
going forward, when we can expect this run rate to touch 
somewhere 150 crore kind of figure. And where basically it 
would be coming from, from your human side or animal or 
bioprocessing side? Or it will be across the segment? 
Mukund Kabra: Thank you, Rohit. As we were like already talking, like we 
plan to double our revenue in next 5 years. This is the COVID 
time, and it's a difficult time to really project when and when 
and how it will achieve. We still say that we have 3 horses or 
3 divisions right, which will grow. One of them is pharma and 
nutraceutical. The second vertical is animal feeds and the third 
one is food one in this bioprocessing. Okay? And horizontal 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 38 
is like we are providing. So the growth will come from this 
segment. It's difficult to say when the run rate will be 150. 
Right now what we expect is for this year we should have a 
positive growth maybe in some lower single digit. And as we 
move on, the clarity will emerge when and how we should 
really expect the growth to accelerate. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Sir, secondly, on the margin side, in this quarter, we have seen 
lot of other chemical companies getting benefit out of that 
lower crude oil prices. And because of that, margins kind of 
to a normal level. For Advanced Enzyme, crude has nothing 
to connect rate, and despite that we have a significant margin 
expansion. So just wanted to know which are the factors 
playing for us in this quarter? And it is a product mix or raw 
material benefits? And going forward, how we should see this. 
Mukund Kabra: So Rohit, there's couple of factors. The cost of the raw 
materials has gone up instead of going down on a price basis, 
like if you talk about per kg, raw material cost has gone up. 
But it's a product mix. At the same time, improvement in the 
efficiency in the production which has increased the margins. 
You rightly said, crude has no impact on us. It's a very minor 
amount which we use. So crude has no impact right now, it is 
just the efficiencies and the product mix. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shikha Mehta 
from Equitree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shikha Mehta: 
I was wondering if you could help us with the pricing on the 
animal enzyme front because I think since meat consumption 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 38 
etc. has gone down post-COVID, how is that shaping up for 
us? Are we seeing a decent amount of demand and 
improvement in pricing now or still not? 
Mukund Kabra: So Shikha, we have seen some improvement when you 
compare it with quarter 1. But if you compare it on quarter-
on-quarter, we are like I think 10% below the level. 
Shikha Mehta: 
We're still 10% below pre-COVID level or below... 
Mukund Kabra: Yes, below pre-COVID levels, we can say that. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, can you give how much sales you did from 
pharma this quarter and this half-year? 
B. P. Rauka: 
So let me give you, for this quarter, the human nutrition, this 
includes nutraceutical also, the sale is about 885 million. And 
animal nutrition is about 132 million. Bioprocess, which is 
food, bioprocess non-food is about 123 million. Roughly 10% 
of our sales come from there. And nonfood bioprocess is 
about 5%, 63 million. 11% has come from animal nutrition, 
human nutrition is about 73% and bioprocess is 16%. This is 
the sales break up for the quarter vertical-wise or depending 
upon the product bifurcations which we carry out. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Right. And sir, do we have anything on our radar about 
inorganic growth? Have we found any companies that were 
looking to acquire or is anything on the radar on that front? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 38 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes. Of course we always work on that. And whenever we 
will find any suitable target, I think we'll be definitely looking 
for that. 
Mukund Kabra: Yes. At the appropriate time we'll come back, Shikha. 
Shikha Mehta: 
And sir, if you can give how much percentage of our revenue 
came from our top 10 clients this quarter? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, so 10 customers, we have about 38% to 40%, that is the 
range which generally we get the numbers. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Right, sir. And if you could give how much R&D spend for 
the quarter and for the half year? 
B. P. Rauka: 
R&D spend is about this quarter is 50 million. And total 
spending for the half-year is about 89 million as compared to 
88 million last year for 6 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin 
Agarwal from Akash Ganga Investments Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Agarwal: So presently, we are utilizing around 60% of our capacity. I 
know you had hinted this year you're unable to give further 
guidance more than single-digit growth. But by when do you 
feel you will be able to utilize around 90% of the capacity in 
the next 2 years, you will be able to reach that number? 
Mukund Kabra: So Akash, 3 to 4 years, we should be able to there. 
Ashwin Agarwal: Which year? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 38 
B. P. Rauka: 
3 to 4 years. 
Ashwin Agarwal: No, the capacity utilization is around 60% right now. By when 
will you touch the number 90% capacity utilization? 
Mukund Kabra: So we think that we can double the revenue with this capacity, 
what is the existing capacity what we have. So we feel that in 
the next 5 years, we should be able to double the sales. That 
should give you somewhere at 3 to 4 years down the line 
probably we should reach to the 90% of capacity utilization. 
Ashwin Agarwal: So one of our large U.S. customers, the revenue had halved 
and we had made up by domestic sales. So could you give us 
light whether those revenue or lost sales with the customer 
again will we be able to meet that demand? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, I just wanted to mention that so on the top customer, we 
have no sales in last 3 quarters. And when we really look at 
the U.S. numbers, U.S. numbers in the second quarter, we 
could see a growth of 9%. So if I exclude on YTD basis the 
sales number of that particular customer, where we had some 
sales during last 2 quarters of FY '20, but no sales in this 2 
quarters. So U.S. business has really grown very well. It is 
more than 35% of growth in the U.S. 
Ashwin Agarwal: So that business is a permanent loss, but in spite of that we 
have grown? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, you are right. On dollar terms, if I really look at my U.S. 
numbers, we had about 14.5 million sales in YTD of FY '20. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 38 
And this year again we are having about 13.8 million. So we 
already made up in that sense. So yes, slightly it is lower about 
5% which I think we should be in a position to make up in this 
year. 
Ashwin Agarwal: One of the promoters group who is inactive sold around 3% 
of their stake, and they still control 12%. So any such 
transaction, will it have an impact on our operation, any 
management change or anything such? 
B. P. Rauka: 
No, they are not involved in the operation as such, No? 
Ashwin Agarwal: So that will not have an impact? Those will be financial 
investors only? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Absolutely. 
Ashwin Agarwal: And any plans are there by then to sell the balance stake also, 
sir, any idea on that? 
B. P. Rauka: 
We have no idea about it. 
Ashwin Agarwal: Sir, lastly, what is the expected tax rate for this year and next 
year? 
B. P. Rauka: 
You mean to say effective tax rate? 
Ashwin Agarwal: Yes. 
B. P. Rauka: 
So it is likely to be 28% this year as well as next year also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kiran Kumar from Safal 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 38 
Kiran Kumar: 
I just wanted to understand at Advanced Enzyme, they cater 
to multiple sectors. Are we also planning to explore into new 
sectors in terms of applications of enzymes? Or how does it 
go? 
Mukund Kabra: So we have 3 verticals, as I was explaining. So our focus is 
right now on these 3 verticals. One is human and 
nutraceutical. We further categorize this into core pharma, the 
nutraceutical, biocatalysts and probiotics. The second sector 
is animal nutrition. And the third one is bioprocessing where 
we again bifurcate into food and nonfood. So our focus is on 
the food area. So right now all the application development 
and other things, whatever we are doing is based on these 3 
verticals. And the probiotics is the horizontal vertical which 
fits into all these segments. 
Kiran Kumar: 
And we have significant amount of cash on books right now. 
So do we have any concrete plans to utilize how to spend this 
cash? Like give out dividends or maybe look at strategic 
acquisitions? What are the plans we have right now for the 
cash? 
Mukund Kabra: So we always look for the cash is required for the company to 
grow. We are the growing company. So we believe that we 
need to have cash in hand for any right opportunity. Of course, 
we are always searching for the inorganic growth as well for 
the acquisition, and that is constantly going on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Shah from HP 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 38 
Amit Shah: 
First, I wanted to understand basically the margin profile of 
enzymes in India, vis-a-vis USA? So what margin do we get 
in India? And what we get in USA? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, margins are slightly better in U.S. because in U.S., we 
are into a business where we generally give kind of very 
customized solutions. So U.S. business is getting a slightly 
higher margin compared to India business. 
Amit Shah: 
So going forward, would we want to focus a lot on U.S. rather 
than other markets? Or what is our strategy and also 
geography? 
B. P. Rauka: 
So the focus will always be there whenever business is more 
and wherever the growth potential is more. But yes, I mean 
India is for us like the entire manufacturing activity, research 
and development activities, everything is happening in India. 
So India being, you can say the core manufacturing happens 
here. So we need to always work on one side of like how do 
we improve our productivity. And U.S. of course we get lot 
of understanding what exactly market is looking for and how 
the nutraceutical market is behaving, what kind of growth 
potential is available in U.S. as well as across the globe. So 
the focus as such will continue and the U.S., because we are 
already present, we have our own subsidiary companies in the 
U.S. So definitely that is the market where the focus will be 
more. But Europe, again, we are working on so many things 
to really expand our customer base in that particular market 
also. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 38 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neeraj Prakash from 
Nepean Capital. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Prakash: I just wanted to know a couple of things. One is just on a 
previous participant's question I wanted to follow up on the 
loss of a large U.S. customer. Can you just let me elaborate on 
what was the reason for the loss? And incrementally is there 
a risk of further losing other large customers? 
Mukund Kabra: Neerajji, we had IP-related issues with the large customer. We 
don't want to share our formulation and other things with 
them. We decided to walk out with that business instead of 
giving it to him. So we don't expect any further sale with the 
large customer right now. Moving to your other question, can 
we lose further the customers, yes and no, because you can 
never predict whether you will lose or not. But right now, the 
concentration of a large customer is quite reduced compared 
with this customer, which was about at one point of time like 
he was like controlling 22% of our sales. So right now we are 
quite diversified in terms of the sales. But even though we say 
that our business is sticky, but you never know. 
Neeraj Prakash: Sure. Just a second question on utilization. As you mentioned, 
you are at about 50%-60% utilization. But you still have very 
healthy EBITDA margins of 45%, 46%-plus. So as you 
mentioned in 3 to 5 years when you reach close to optimal 
utilization, what kind of margins do you foresee both on the 
EBITDA and the PAT front because you will definitely see 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 38 
some operating leverage play out on both those margins, 
right? 
Mukund Kabra: We always maintain that our EBITDA should be there 
between 40% to 48%. That is what we always project and 
always feel that. Yes, as we move on, some of the costs will 
also go on like the salary costs and some other fixed costs will 
also move on. Even like R&D cost will also go up. So we 
think that we should be able to maintain the range of the 
margins what we say rather than saying that we will improve 
or do this or do that because we still need to grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajdeep 
Singh from ASK Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rajdeep Singh: 
Kabraji, you alluded that with current capacities, you plan to 
double revenues in next 5 years, which is 15% kind of growth. 
Sir, just wanted to understand qualitatively, the enzyme 
market per se is growing at 7%, 8%, annual growth rate of 
15%, what would be the driver for this growth? Would it be 
the existing client addition, getting more wallet share from 
there or new client addition or would it be volume? Or would 
it be price? Would it be new products? And how do you 
approach your clients? Do you approach them or the clients 
approach you? Just qualitative understanding. And within 
each of the 3 segments between animal, human and industrial, 
which would be the growth driver which would grow faster? 
Mukund Kabra: So let me just break it out into the parts, right? So we believe 
that like all of the 3 segments should grow. You go into the 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 38 
different, different areas and there are different, different 
challenges. One of the things is, if you compare it globally, 
we are still very small, still very tiny. So there is lot of 
potential to grow. And I think like that can answer you if the 
enzyme industry is growing at 7%-8%, how you can grow at 
15%. Yes, we are growing, even like this quarter of the other 
quarters also we have grown more than 15%. But because of 
the top client, we can't see those numbers. If you just remove 
those numbers, you will see that the growth is more than 20%. 
So we don't have a doubt that we cannot grow. We feel that 
we will grow. The challenges are different in different 
industries. As I was saying, in the food industry, probably, 
you need to target more into the Europe and U.S. areas where 
lot of opportunity is there. We have certain excellent products. 
We think that we can play the second supplier role out there 
in the food industry because there is only one who is the 
leading one. And we feel our products are, even if not better, 
at least comparable in the baking industry, baking areas and 
the market are there. So probably, that's the other area where 
we can have growth. In the animal feed there are lot of players, 
but you need to have a lot of registrations, and it takes time. 
We are in the process. We are halfway of the mark. We have 
a lot of registrations done in the last few years in the Asian 
countries, and we are working in the U.S. and other areas right 
now. So we believe that growth should come from 
nutraceutical areas or pharma areas, we think that we will 
grow in these areas too. We have certain excellent 
combination of products which we think that will grow like 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 38 
the immunity booster and other products, which have a lot of 
demand at this point of time in the market also. We are 
working lot in this area to the biocatalyst areas where we think 
we can change the manufacturing processes, for example, 
statin or other API drugs, which is through the enzymes, 
which is conventionally being done through the lot of 
solvents. And a lot of steps are involved. And economically it 
is not viable. So with the evoxx, we are working heavily. We 
are spending lot of money on the R&Ds to convert and to 
develop these enzymes, which can convert all of these APIs 
through the enzymes. So that will be also the growth driver. 
So we are banking on lot of 3, 4 different horses. We believe 
that at least 1 or 2 horses should take us to the path. Which 
one, I think that time will tell us, but these are our areas to 
grow. 
Rajdeep Singh: 
Sure, sir. That is helpful. Sir, what has been the client addition 
over last 2-3 years? And what has been our pricing growth 
over last 2, 3 years? Just wanted to understand that. 
Mukund Kabra: Prices in premium market is more or less stable. They don't 
grow, they don't go down too drastically. We do get benefit in 
terms of like export market, which is again like 40%, 50% of 
the market overall, including like U.S. sale because of the 
dollar fluctuations or the rupee depreciation. On the client 
additions, we don't track the numbers. But Raukaji can tell 
more about it. Raukaji? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 18 of 38 
B. P. Rauka: 
So I think whatever growth we have in this 6 months, we have 
got a growth of about 4%. So roughly I think 1.5% has come 
from the new customer and balance 2.5% is from the existing 
customers. 
Rajdeep Singh: 
And sir, what has been this number over last 2, 3 years? We 
have added clients? 
B. P. Rauka: 
No, the number of customers, please don't go because we are 
in a segment where we also supply B2C, so where we have 
more than 10,000-15,000 customers. What I'm saying is, if the 
name is something new for us, that is how we track. So my 
growth on YTD is say 4% on the topline. So out of the 4%, 
1.5% has come from the new customer and 2.5% has come 
from the existing customers. 
Rajdeep Singh: 
And how do you see the geographical is changing in this 15% 
per annum growth trajectory? U.S. will still be the growth 
driver? Or it is the European market or the RoW market? 
B. P. Rauka: 
So are you saying going forward? 
Rajdeep Singh: 
Yes, going forward. 
B. P. Rauka: 
So going forward, that's what I mean as Mukund has 
mentioned, we have presence in Europe through our 
subsidiary companies. We have presence in U.S. since I think 
2011, then after the acquisition, earlier this company was set 
up somewhere in 1976. So these are the 3 markets where we 
have our own subsidiaries. So definitely our focus will be 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 19 of 38 
there on these markets. And apart from that, other markets we 
are tapping from India. So we do export from India to African 
market and Russia. So our focus will always be there where 
we can really crack some customers. In terms of like food 
enzymes, Europe is a big market. We have registered dossiers 
which are the requirement of the European Food Safety 
Authority. And from this registered dossiers, we are going to 
get definitely a very good mileage because that will help us to 
expand our reach to other customers, the customers which we 
have, but we will be able to attract more customers because 
once the registration happened, it's like attraction in that sense 
that, yes, it is another company, this is offering the products 
which are equally competitive, equally efficient products. 
And there, like a couple of products as such where we are #2 
in the sense, like if you really consider another big player, 
which is Novozymes. So there like we will play a very major 
role to expand our reach to the European markets and to 
expand our sales of that particular food enzyme basically. And 
yes, of course, U.S. will continue to be our focus market, and 
we are expanding our B2C business in U.S. And so far, we are 
doing like online sales, and we could see that there is a good 
growth in that particular business. And probably going 
forward, we do have plans that we can replicate the same 
strategy in India because now India, we could see that there is 
a lot of attraction in terms of like people are looking at the 
nutraceuticals, where immunity has become a big issue in last 
8 to 9 months. So here we do have lot of opportunities which 
is untapped so far. So probably, that is the area where we will 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 20 of 38 
definitely focus on that going forward. And animal feed 
supplement, as Mukund mentioned that we have been 
working for registration of several products across countries 
in Southeast Asia. And now we could see that some of the 
countries we have got the approvals, and some countries, 
approval process is on. So once the approvals are in place, it 
will definitely help us to supply our products on those 
particular countries where the market is really big for the 
animal feed supplements, which is our enzymes for particular 
industry. 
Rajdeep Singh: 
Sir, this is helpful. And lastly, sir, what are the B2C revenues 
in U.S.? And on the PLI side, are you planning to see that 
opportunity on the fermentation side? 
B. P. Rauka: 
I think the major manufacturing will continue to be happened 
in India. And B2B business, I think we have about... 
Mukund Karba: This year it was around 5 million. 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, B2C. 
Rajdeep Singh: 
Sir, you said online business, B2C you have, just wanted… 
B. P. Rauka: 
That is B2C. Online business is B2C. 
Mukund Karba: This year, we expected to be about 5 million. 
Rajdeep Singh: 
5 million? 
Mukund Karba: USD. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 21 of 38 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayaz 
Motiwala from Nivalis Partners. Please go ahead. 
Ayaz Motiwala: And since you do this call once a quarter, I would request you 
if you could have a slightly better line because it's been very 
difficult to pick you some of the things that you mentioned. 
And so please pardon my repetition on the questions on the 
same. Sir, firstly, the question on capacity. You said you have 
a capacity utilization in the ballpark of 50%. Is that correct? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Right. 
Mukund Kabra: Yes, around 55%, yes. 
Ayaz Motiwala: Yes. Sir, the question that I have on the capacity is how does 
the capacity get created? While we are confident that this will 
get utilized, and as you have said that on the next 3, 5 year 
basis, you think your numbers could probably go up by a 
factor of 2. This fermentation etc., can you explain how does 
this capacity get created and why this level is a good level still 
to make the margins that you make? 
Mukund Kabra: I couldn't hear you exactly. But what I understood is how we 
calculate the capacity. So normally, we have a lot of products. 
We have more than 55 basic enzymes and probiotics what we 
manufacture. It's difficult to measure the capacity with each 
product because each product has a different cycle times. So 
we measure in terms of fermentation capacities what we have 
because mainly we are in the fermentation industry. So the 
fermentation capacity multiplied by the tails and the 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 22 of 38 
utilization of the fermenters, that's what gives us the capacity. 
So it's always a rough number. So that is how we come out at 
somewhere around 55%, 60%. 
Ayaz Motiwala: Yes, right. So this number of 55%, 60%, taking that at face 
value the way you put it, which is based on fermentation 
capacity. Sir, would you expect larger batch runs and batch 
product sizing going forward, which will give you this 
utilization because the basic nature of your business is not 
changing, which is you need that 60, 80 building blocks in the 
base enzyme, the way you described it, right? So how are you 
going to utilize this capacity from 55%, 60% to 100%, sir? 
Mukund Kabra: No. We don't compromise on the margin. So we go with our 
product mix and targets, right, instead of just making it cheap 
and giving it cheap, right? 
Ayaz Motiwala: No, sir, I didn't mention about margins at all. I meant to say 
that would you have larger batch runs on these products? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Sir, that depends on what exactly is the requirement because 
we need to keep some stocks ready of the semi-finished 
goods. So when we run those, I mean when we need to 
manufacture particular products, then we run the batches in 
sequence, right? So we keep the stock ready. 
Mukund Kabra: We run on a minimum inventory basis normally because our 
product cycle time is very high. So if you want to start the 
product and to end the product, probably you need more than 
a month's time. And again, if that slot is available. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 23 of 38 
Ayaz Motiwala: Sir, on the key customer, or the 20% customer which you 
talked about, and that's, again as I said, the audio was not very 
clear, and please pardon me. That customer has bought 
nothing in FY '21 for the first 2 quarters is what you said, 
right? 
Mukund Kabra: Yes. No sale. 
Ayaz Motiwala: For the last 3 quarters? 
Mukund Kabra: Yes. 
Ayaz Motiwala: Right. And sir, what is the customer doing? Are they sourcing 
indirectly from your suppliers or have they gone out of buying 
this product? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Products, I think we are not supplying to them. And I think 
beyond that, we have no idea what exactly this people are 
doing. 
Ayaz Motiwala: Yes. So sir, we see a presentation where you have a 5-year 
number after you've gone public in 2015, '16. And the revenue 
growth has been 8%-9%, whereas the profit growth has been 
pretty impressive even in this particular year, which is a very 
tough sort of COVID period. So what gives you the 
confidence? Have you done a lot of business development 
where you have lot of clients who are now going to scale up 
their business and operation, batch sizes, order sizes, where 
you think the business can double in 5 years, which you've not 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 24 of 38 
done in the last 5, 7 years or if you look at your IPO 
perspectives even in the past? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, I think that is what was explained that a couple of 
verticals are there where we have some products. And where 
we have focused ourselves, earlier issues were different. So 
now the focus is kind of laser-sharp, and depending upon the 
market requirements, now we have realigned ourselves. And 
our focus is on those markets where we have the products, and 
those are kind of our strength. And so those products, 
whatever work was required to be done in past, we have done 
in couple of I think years. 2-3 years, we have spent lot on 
R&D on those areas. And we have improved. Now we could 
see that there is traction. And the traction is so much that the 
market will open up for us, particularly when we were talking 
about the food enzymes in European market, and nutraceutical 
segment, not only in the U.S., but India too. Animal feed 
business is another area where like if you really want to export 
some products, that challenges were there. You need to have 
your products registered, you need to give them lot of studies. 
So in the last 3 years, we have done lot of work and we worked 
on getting our products registered and then appointing the 
distributor. So based on all this work which we have done, we 
are confident that now the opportunities are available would 
be tapped, but earlier we used to spend our time and focus on 
the products there, the strength was not there, but yet we were 
working to develop those products. Now we said, okay, that 
is the one which we also will carry out, but focus should be 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 25 of 38 
on the area where we are very strong. And that has really 
resulted us to give more clarity in this consolidation phase of 
last 2 years. And that gives us the confidence, yes, we can 
grow to doubling our sales in 5 years, although this year is 
gone without that kind of effect because of this COVID 
situation. So maybe from '21 onwards 5 years down the line, 
this will happen. Hope I have clarified your question. 
Ayaz Motiwala: Yes. This is very helpful, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha 
from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Sir, as we were talking about the opportunities evolving after 
this COVID thing, so any color or any clarity we got that how 
it would be shaping up going forward? Or still it is on the early 
stage of talking angle only? 
B. P. Rauka: 
I think, Rohit, this clarity, even nobody is able to give you in 
that sense because this pandemic now everywhere people are 
talking about the second wave of it. So I mean that is really 
difficult. But what I'm saying once the normalcy is there, 
probably we will get more clarity on growth. 
Rohit Sinha: 
No. Obviously in the current whatever area we are working 
on there, obviously we are seeing some kind of growth. But 
any addition because of this COVID where the stocks are 
going on? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 26 of 38 
B. P. Rauka: 
No. Even in COVID, like I think our couple of products, 
which are like immune boosters, and those are the products 
which are picking up in the B2C market. And we could see 
some kind of work on some of our products, which we see that 
it is definitely working on immunity development. So those 
are the products. Definitely, over a period of time, we will 
position ourselves to create a more robust market for 
ourselves. 
Rohit Sinha: 
And sir, as per my understanding, I think we have a good 
amount of product portfolio with us. I think we should be 
focusing more on the marketing side for these things. So are 
we hiring something on the marketing team or how we are 
expanding our marketing team there? And if this will lead to 
some kind of increase in employee costs as well? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, that is a consistent effort every I think entrepreneur has 
to do. So when you want to grow, you need to really grow 
your team as well as your resources and the spending. If there 
is a growth, I think the growth in terms of topline and the 
employee cost, it doesn't go in the same proportion. So that's 
the reason we always say that there may be some kind of extra 
cost, but the profitability is another aspect where we always 
work. 
Mukund Kabra: So whatever, Rohit and whatever said and done, you need to 
improve your productivity all the time. We cannot say that we 
are at a level where we should only focus on the marketing. 
We need to focus on all the aspects. Just to give you some 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 27 of 38 
brief, even if these quarters we improved lot of because of our 
productivity. So you will see that the raw material numbers 
have gone down. That has increased the productivity. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Right. And sir last question, as you are also now indicating 
that it would be some acquisition angle also. So how big it 
could be? And which region or which segment you would be 
more focusing on? 
Mukund Kabra: So these are the 3 segments like the verticals what we 
explained. So we will be focusing on these 3 areas and 
something like related to this. So the opportunities are there, 
some are small, some of them big. Let's see which 
materializes first. Okay? 
Rohit Sinha: 
So I mean are we still also looking at the size of acquisition 
more than 50 - 60 crore, or it would be below 50 crores, I 
mean in the range of 30 - 40 crore kind of thing? 
Mukund Kabra: We are open for everything, maybe 30 - 40 crores or max up 
to 500 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham 
Jain from Lucky Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Jain: 
Just a question on the dossiers you mentioned you filed in the 
European equivalent of the FDA, right. You've been 
mentioning this for a while. And I want to understand, I know 
given the context it's going to take some time, but do we 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 28 of 38 
expect that to give our revenue this year? Or will it come in 
only next year? 
Mukund Kabra: So we registered in somewhere around like 2014, and we got 
it in somewhere around like 2019, '20. So that's a long process 
for registration. It takes more than 5 years for us to just get the 
approvals, and not for us, for everyone. We were among the 
first few ones who got it. After we explained this, this year for 
European markets you need to travel. And you need to make 
a lot of different customers. You need to do a lot of trials 
because this is application-based products. Now unfortunately 
this year is gone because of the pandemic. So there are all the 
travel restrictions. All the marketing people are still working 
from the home. Nobody is able to travel outside of India as of 
now for the marketing purposes and other purposes. So we 
don't expect lot of revenue to come this year. Probably as we 
move on, we expect revenues to get in. But this will be slow 
process. 
Shubham Jain: 
Understood. Sir, most likely in I think this year, but next year 
we'll see as it goes. 
Mukund Kabra: Yes, as we move on and as this COVID situation it clears. 
Shubham Jain: 
Understood. The second question I had was on the B2C 
business, the online sales, which if I am not wrong we started 
only this year. And we're saying we should be doing around 
US $5 million this year. So my question was what is the kind 
of growth you're seeing quarter-on-quarter? And what do you 
think can be the potential of this product or this application? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 29 of 38 
Mukund Kabra: So we haven't started recently. We started this business 2, 3 
years, 4 years back. I'm not sure exact date right now. 
B. P. Rauka: 
2012. 
Mukund Kabra: We started initially in the U.S. market. Last year, the revenue 
was about 3 million. I mean like from March '20, the revenue 
was about US $3 million. This year we expect it to grow to 5 
million. And in the next 2 to 3 years, we expect lot of growth 
to come from this even into the U.S. market. Probably, we 
believe that we can develop from here from this year in the 
next 2 years. So the growth drivers mainly are like our own 
products like the products like immunity boosters, weight 
loss, systematic enzymes, which we have created lot of 
formulations, even like some of the formulations we are 
taking lot of traffic on the COVID and other areas as well and 
which we have a lot of good success. These are the 
formulations, our end-to-end customers. And we believe that 
this area is going to grow. Did I answer your question or I 
missed something? 
Shubham Jain: 
No. I think that was pretty helpful. Just one follow-up on that. 
What is the brand under which we sell the products? Is it direct 
to customer? 
Mukund Kabra: So we have a company named AST Enzymes. All these 
products are sold under the AST Enzymes. 
Shubham Jain: 
AST, that's correct, right? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 30 of 38 
Mukund Kabra: Yes, AST, yes. 
Shubham Jain: 
And do we sell it through Amazon or do we sell it through our 
own website? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, it is through Amazon also. 
Mukund Kabra: It's a combination of all. 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes. 
Shubham Jain: 
Understood. And typically what brands or companies do we 
compete with on this? Like is there some local competition, 
or is there any global competition we get in these kind of 
products? 
B. P. Rauka: 
There are several nutrition companies in that sense. 
Shubham Jain: 
Typical nutrition companies only, right? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes. 
Mukund Kabra: Our USP is like we are an enzyme expert, right? So we know 
the enzymes better than anyone who is there in the market. 
Shubham Jain: 
Okay. Understood. The other last question that I had was, like 
you had mentioned in one of our interactions that we were 
able to develop this whole baking line of products with a R&D 
that you were doing. Just to understand, are there any enzymes 
or processes that you are developing that you think are closer 
to execution or fruition? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 31 of 38 
Mukund Kabra: So there are a lot of molecules. We're always on 4, 5, 
molecules at least every year, right? So there are a lot of 
additions in our basket. The difficulty in our business is we 
don't get the revenues for the next 2, 3 years, even if you have 
added anything, and it takes time. So this is always a constant 
process. We always had 4, 5 different enzymes at least every 
year when you had different products in your portfolio as you 
move on. But to see them converting into the business, it takes 
time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Jain 
from ITI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Jain: 
Sir, the way you highlighted out of this 4% year-to-date 
revenue growth, 1.5% was from new customers. Can you 
highlight from the same number for new products, whatever 
you have launched 2 or 3 years back, the way you said you get 
revenue after 2-3 years after launching these molecules or 
enzyme, so how much growth out of this 4% that you have 
got from these new products? 
B. P. Rauka: 
No, it's not so easy because most of the enzymes are sold in 
blended form, right? So it is really very difficult because we 
have several different enzymes which are supplied in bulk in 
a combination. So how much is coming from one product 
because when you give to the customer, you give it a 
combination. So it really becomes difficult to track in that 
sense. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 32 of 38 
Mukund Kabra: No, it's very difficult, but at the same time, I can see that some 
of the revenues which are coming right now into the 
biocatalyst area is like being developed 2-3 years back. 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes, biocatalysts, probiotics, in that sense we can say, yes. 
That is a growing business where we can see in that sense. But 
when probiotics is mixed with some other product, then it 
becomes really difficult to track that particular in the... 
Bhavesh Jain: 
And sir, any outlook on this R&D spend? Because I guess 
from last 2, 3 years, it will be hovering at around 18 - 19 crore? 
Yes. Before that, it was at 11 crores. So any outlook, whether 
it will go up or it will remain at the similar amount for next 
couple of years? 
B. P. Rauka: 
I think it will remain in the range of 4% to 5% because as the 
topline grows, then the R&D spend is also, if it is based on the 
topline, so the growth in terms of increase on the topline is 
growth in the R&D spending as well. But yes, there are some 
plans going forward. I think Mukund can highlight those 
plans. We already acquired the land in Nasik. So going 
forward, we will be spending some money on development of 
our R&D capabilities in the Nasik, where we have done land 
acquisition, we have acquired the land. So probably there will 
be a time period of about 3 years where we'll be spending 
about roughly I think 60 to 70 crores. 
Bhavesh Jain: 
Any further scope to reduce net working capital tighter? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 33 of 38 
B. P. Rauka: 
Very difficult because basis several products, and we are 
increasing our portfolio again. So inventory level always we 
need to maintain. And the inventory, again, there are several 
inventory. You have the raw material, semi-finished. This is a 
major issue which constitutes a major portion of our 
inventory. And we have 3 different plants to manufacture the 
enzyme. One is like in Hyderabad, one in Sinnar and one in 
MP. And apart from that, couple of subsidiary companies. So 
everywhere, you maintain some kind of a stock. So inventory 
level is always higher in that sense. And now although the 
COVID situation is very bad, but yet our debtors level is kind 
of constant, but yet we also need to maintain the debtors level, 
which is about 60 to 65 days of the debtors. So we feel like 
about 105 to 115 number of days of the sales will continue to 
be our working capital investment. 
Bhavesh Jain: 
And sir, final question. What will be our organic CAPEX 
apart from this inorganic acquisition which you have 
highlighted? 
B. P. Rauka: 
I think it's about 12 crore. 
Mukund Kabra: Normal CAPEX, 10 - 12 crores a year. 
Bhavesh Jain: 
Okay. And this R&D which you have highlighted over next 3 
years? 
Mukund Kabra: Yes, 3 to 4 years. 
Bhavesh Jain: 
Okay. That 60 - 70 crores? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 34 of 38 
Mukund Kabra: Yes, roughly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tapan Modi, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Tapan Modi: 
So just one thing I wanted to understand as well. So basically 
as you have explained and spoken earlier wherein U.S. set of 
numbers are quite impressive with 35% growth as such. 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes. 
Tapan Modi: 
So since we are in mid-November as such, so do you foresee 
the same level of growth in quarter 3 and 4 as well? 
B. P. Rauka: 
I mean it is really in this pandemic situation, very, very 
difficult to let me tell you give any kind of estimate because 
the problem is now in some of the countries, again facing the 
COVID situation. So is it really very difficult to say about it, 
yes, that we are kind of going to have the same kind of a 
growth. 
Tapan Modi: 
But for October and November, sales are little bit improving 
as compared to previous months or something? 
B. P. Rauka: 
So we won't be able to comment on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumedh 
Pawse, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sumedh Pawse: Sir, my question is on Page 4 of investor presentation, you 
have said second-highest market share in India, and second is 
integrated enzyme here. So can you name the first one? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 35 of 38 
B. P. Rauka: 
Second-highest market share in India, that is what you are 
saying, right? 
Sumedh Pawse: Yes. So the first one, name of the first one? 
B. P. Rauka: 
First one is the multinational company which is I think 
Novozymes. 
Sumedh Pawse: And second question is, since your general guidance of 
doubling the revenue in 5 years, so what was the CAPEX 
level? Will it be similar or a bit increase? 
B. P. Rauka: 
I think we don't have to spend any substantial amount on 
expanding our capacity as of day. But once we reach to a level, 
at least we need to plan 2 years ahead of the time by which 
our capacity utilization is going to be, say, about 100% or so. 
So I think 3 years, our CAPEX will be in the range of about 
12 crores or so other than R&D, which I just now spoke about 
it. And once we reach to a level where our capacity utilization 
is still around 90% or about 80% to 85%, that's where we will 
have to add some I think infrastructure in our existing plant, 
which has already been built up in such a way that all the 
utilities are in place. So by adding couple of fermenters, and 
we can double our capacity. So that will happen once we reach 
to that threshold of about 80% to 85% utilization. 
Sumedh Pawse: And the last question. What is the geographical revenue split 
do you see 5 years down the line, the U.S., Europe and India 
percentages? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 36 of 38 
B. P. Rauka: 
Yes. It should be continue the same way because our focus is 
in India market, Europe market and U.S., 3 markets. And of 
course Asian markets now because of the registration of our 
products, particularly in animal feed business. So we will 
focus on all the aspects of our business to make sure that we 
have that kind of a consistency in that terms. And then that 
depends how actually it happens. 
Sumedh Pawse: Because the European revenue share is quite low currently, 
about 5 to 7%? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Agreed, yes. 
Sumedh Pawse: So it's expected to remain the same level below 10%? 
B. P. Rauka: 
Going forward, as we have mentioned, that the sale of couple 
of enzymes which are particularly for the food industry that 
will grow. So definitely, the likely trend will be there. But 
again, we need to… 
Mukund Kabra: Those will be captured mostly from the India. It will not come 
directly under the Europe company. So it will come under the 
India company. So more or less it will remain the same on the 
percentage basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Shikha Mehta 
from Equitree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shikha Mehta: 
I just had one follow-up question. The R&D plan that we were 
talking about, which has been delayed by 6 to 8 months, is 
there any guidance on when that will commence now? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 37 of 38 
Mukund Kabra: So it will take some time, Shikha. Right now we are doing in 
land conversion related formalities the (Inaudible) (70:42) 
processing and other things. All the government agencies are 
really very slow at this point of time. So there is not too much 
of a clarity because of all of this COVID and other situation. 
So maybe like from the starting of the next year probably we 
should be able to start. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Right. And how much would that increase our PAT by approx 
on an annualized figure? 
Mukund Kabra: It is not like give you a direct number, so that... 
Shikha Mehta: 
We were speaking of some amount of efficiencies, right, due 
to the R&D plant? 
Mukund Kabra: No. So the R&Ds are always mirrored in our business. It's a 
very interesting business where we say that one plus one is 
not two, but we always say that one plus one is 11, okay? The 
reason for this is like we can increase the productivity to the 
multiple poles with the continuous R&D. But it requires time, 
Shikha. We can't expect the results to come out right away the 
moment you put the R&D plant and R&D equipment right 
away. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
November 12, 2020 
 
 
Page 38 of 38 
Mukund Kabra: Thank you, everyone, for your questions. We hope to deliver 
in the future as well. Thank you, everyone, and have a good 
happy Diwali. 
B. P. Rauka: 
So wish you all a very happy Diwali and a happy new and 
prosperous year, and please stay safe and healthy and take 
care of yourself and all the family members. Thank you so 
much for your time and question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
