~ 
Himatsingka 
REF:HSL/SEC/2020/ 73 
December 3, 2020 
To 
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai -:400001 
Script Code: 514043 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of conference call. 
To 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. Cf 1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: HIMATSEIDE 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith a copy of transcript of 
conference call held on November 9, 2020. 
Please also note that the transcript of conference call will also be available on our 
website www.himatsingka.com. 
This is for your information & records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Sridhar Muthukrishnan 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
Himatsingka Seide Limited 
Registered Office: 10/24 Kumara Krupa Road 
High Grounds, Bangalore 560 001, India 
T +91 Bo 2237 8000, F +91 Bo 4147 9384 
E hslblr@himatsingka.com 
ON U7112KA1985PLC006647 
www.hlmatsinll'ka.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 09, 2020 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, I am Moumita, moderator for 
the conference call.  Welcome to Himatsingka Seide Ltd 2QFY21 
post results conference call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities 
Private Limited.  As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you need any 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * and 0 on your touchstone telephone. Please note this 
conference is recorded.  I would now like to hand over the floor to 
Ms. Prerna Jhunjhunwala.  Please go-ahead ma’am.   
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you Moumita.  Good evening everyone.  On behalf of B&K 
Securities, I would like to welcome you all for 2QFY21 post results 
conference call of Himatsingka Seide Limited.  From the company 
we have with us the senior management, including Mr. Shrikant 
Himatsingka, Managing Director and CEO of the Company, Mr. 
K.P. Rangaraj, President – Finance and Group CFO and Mr. Ashok 
Sharma, Senior Vice President and CFO – Strategic Finance.  I 
would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Shrikant Himatsingka 
for the initial comments.  Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thanks, Prerna.  Thank you everyone for taking the time to join us 
for the call today.  I would like to start the call with the business 
update and outlook section and then Mr. Rangaraj will share with 
you some comments on our consolidated financial performance and 
then we will go through to Q&A. 
 
On the business update and outlook front, the retail environment has 
witnessed significant buoyancy during the second quarter of FY21 as 
compared to the situation that prevailed during the first quarter of the 
fiscal.  The notable developments on the retail front has been as 
follows:  There has been completion of phased store openings of all 
major retail chains across North America and the European region.  
There has been a strong demand for home improvement products 
that’s been visible.  E-commerce sales, that the retailers are clocking, 
continue to see substantial increases YOY and QOQ and Big Box 
department stores and specialty  -chain stores continue to enhance 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
their focus on their home assortments.  These are some of the pulse 
that is coming through to us as far as the broad retail environment 
goes and specifically to home products in terms of pulse. 
 
As a result, these developments on the retail front have led to 
stronger order books and buoyant demand for products.  Therefore, 
keeping all this in mind, we have covered substantial ground during 
the quarter and have been focused on ramping up our operations 
across all our facilities.  We have made significant progress vis-à-vis 
the previous quarter, but we were unable to operate our facilities at 
required levels of utilization on account of Covid-related 
interruptions.  This slower manufacturing throughput has had an 
impact on our product mix, gross margins and cost efficiencies 
resulting in lower operating EBITDA for the quarter.  Going into H2 
FY21 the capacity utilization levels in our Sheeting and Terry Towel 
facilities have seen improvements and are likely to surpass pre-
Covid levels of operations. 
 
So broadly this is what we basically have seen.  Our ramping up of 
our manufacturing facilities is progressing well but undoubtedly, we 
have some more ground to cover.  Going into Q3 we have seen 
improvement in our ramping up of capacity utilizations and we 
continue in that direction but during the second quarter we had these 
interruptions, which has impacted our performance at the operating 
level.  I request Mr. Rangaraj to share some of his views on the 
consolidated financial performance and then we will take it on to 
Q&A. 
 
KP Rangaraj: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen.  I will just give you a brief 
observations 
and 
comments 
on 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
performance.  Our operating performance was also impacted by 
foreign exchange translation losses of approximately Rs. 10 crores 
during the quarter.  In addition, Q2FY21 numbers exclude MEIS 
incentives to the tune of Rs 11.5 crores versus the same quarter last 
year.  The MEIS impact will however be compensated in due course, 
driven by increase in volumes and the ramping up of the new Terry 
Towel plant.  We remain focused on optimizing the working capital 
cycles and have reduced inventory levels by Rs 290 crores during 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
H1FY21.  The consolidated gross debt as of 30th September 2020 
stood at Rs 2,592 crores compared to Rs. 2,814 crores at the end of 
FY20. The total term debt stood at Rs.1,755 crores and the total 
working capital debt stood at Rs 837 crores.  The cash and cash 
equivalents and current investments stood at Rs 238 crores as on 30th 
September’20 as compared to Rs 224 crores as of 31st March ’20.  
Consequently, the company’s net debt outstanding as of 30th 
September 2020 stood at Rs 2,354 crores compared to Rs. 2,590 
crores as on 31st March 2020.  I complete my short update.  We will 
be happy to take on any questions now.  Thank you for your patient 
listening. 
 
 
 
 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have any questions, please press 
* and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the 
question.  If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so 
by pressing * and 1 again.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have any 
questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad 
 
Sir, our first question is from Mr. Ritesh Gandhi from Discovery 
Capital. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Hi sir, I just want to understand, when compared to your other home 
fabric peers, our numbers haven’t shown as high a recovery.  I just 
wanted to understand if there was anything specific with regards to 
product mix or something else which is leading to this or if it was 
just some specific issues to us against all other companies? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Fair question Ritesh.  Normally I don’t comment on any peers and I 
don’t intend to at this point either.  But generally speaking, there are 
some peers whose numbers are not comparable  because they have 
other segments that form a part of their numbers and some others 
who are pure play textile/home textile players.  To the best of our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
knowledge the difference really is arising from the fact that 
Himatsingka was largely shut down during the lockdown because 
our clients really were not those who were providing essential goods 
and services and therefore they remained shut as well for the most 
part and so the whole process of recovery vis-à-vis the impact that 
has hit us on the pandemic front is taking a little longer for us vis-à-
vis others.  So our manufacturing operations were pretty much shut 
for the most part of Q1 and we have had a ramp up that’s been 
reasonable as far as Q2 is concerned but we could have done a little 
better on the ramping up front.  Unfortunately, we were interrupted 
on account of some of these Covid interruptions mainly arising from 
the workforce availability and things like that which improved in the 
latter half of the second quarter and continues to improve.  So, I 
don’t think there is anything structural as far as Himatsingka is 
concerned.  There is no structural concern; it is just a timing issue 
with regard to ramping up our facilities.  Our order books and 
visibility remain robust.  We have seen a fair rebound on the top-line 
front, but we have some ground to cover in manufacturing operations 
which we hopefully will address in the second half of the fiscal. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Just to understand because obviously this entire Q2 between July, 
August and September, each part of it would be at different levels 
effectively affect the productivity.  So as we exit the quarter and as 
we go into October, now are we running at optimal capacity or we 
are still in the stage of ramping up to an extent? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah there are some parts which are optimum and some parts which 
are still ramping up and we are covering that distance.   
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
The reason we aren’t able to just ramp up because everybody else 
has indicated that the ramp up is already on and all are running at flat 
effectively because the demand is so high, is it because where our 
plants are located have had higher impact of Covid or…just wanted 
to understand or that we’ve been cautious with regards to the 
opening up? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, I think as far as the location is concerned, I don’t think it is a 
location specific issue but the central challenge that we did face in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
ramping up our facilities was making sure that the right workforce 
and the right skill was on the shop floor in the measure that we 
wanted.  That’s the piece that has taken us a little longer than 
estimated.  We have also suffered more specifically in our case vis-
à-vis our product mix.  We have had some disturbances in the supply 
chain which has been set right as well during the second quarter.  So, 
I think the workforce piece was central to the time that Himatsingka 
is taking to ramp up.  But as I said going into Q3 we now have 
certain facilities which have entirely been ramped up and certain 
others which are still in the process of ramping much better position 
than Q2. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
And if we could also understand from your end if you see the 
demand being temporary as people are actually working from home 
and therefore home-improvement has become a priority or is there 
any amount, we are hearing from a few people that there could be a 
structural gain in India’s share in actually in fashion beddings where 
our share is slightly lower.  So, I just wanted to understand maybe 
the cyclical process, maybe its structural aspects from your own 
perspectives on this. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Fair question.  So, there are a bunch of triggers out there that could 
potentially influence India’s share of the pie in major markets and so 
on.  As far as India’s share vis-à-vis China or rather competing 
economies are concerned there is a case that is out there for us to 
gain some market share given the issues that China and the US have 
faced of late and things like that.  It is translating into numbers with 
different intensities depending on the corporate.  So, it is difficult for 
us to predict whether one will continue to see sustained shifts from 
China to India.  But as far as Himatsingka is concerned we have 
definitely seen an uptick in interest and enquiries that pertain to 
capacity requests of products that were hitherto made in China.  So, 
there is a visible uptick in such enquiries and requests.  How much 
of this is going to translate to actual shifts remains to be seen, but the 
process is definitely begun.  In other words, there are some 
conversions that are taking place.  That’s as far as some of the 
supply shifts from China and other economies into India.  Then there 
is the second sort of macro theme that’s playing out which is, is this 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
heightened demand going to sustain?  As far as we are concerned the 
demand that is coming through is definitely higher than used to be.  
The absolute numbers are not astounding.  What is astounding is the 
urgency because the pull at the other end is high vis-à-vis the 
shelves.  I think at least for the time one foresees this demand pattern 
should sustain and as far as we are concerned the heightened demand 
is not just coming because of bunched up demand on account of the 
pandemic.  We are also seeing demand uptick because of the 
increase in capacity utilizations that we have.  At our terry plant we 
are seeing it because of a host of new product offerings and a 
broadening client base that we have been focusing on over the last 
year or so.  As far as Himatsingka is concerned we are also seeing 
demand because of those reasons. 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Got it. 
 
Moderator: 
Excuse me sir….? 
 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Okay I will go back in queue, that’s fine. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much.  Ladies and gentlemen, we request you to limit 
your questions to two during the initial round, thank you.  The next 
question comes from Resham Jain from DSP.  Please go ahead. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Hi sir, good afternoon.  So, I have a couple of questions.  The first is 
it is very good to see a substantial reduction in inventory over the 
last 18 odd months actually and if you can just explain what has led 
to this sharp drop in inventory?  Obviously, that was your focus as 
well.  How sustainable will this inventory be going forward? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Fair point Resham.  So, we’ve reduced the inventory by Rs. 290 
crores during the first half of this fiscal.  We’ve been sharing with 
our investors the fact that working capital optimization remains a 
priority for us.  While we did carry through with optimization, it 
wasn’t to the levels of our satisfaction.  But we have used this period 
to make sure that we have reduced inventory a fair bit.  Obviously, 
the reduction in inventory will not continue in the same pace because 
we’ve seen a substantial reduction of close to 26% of our total 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
inventory from 1087 levels to 797 levels during the first half.  So the 
rate of reduction will not be quite as near as what we have clocked, 
but I think we should be range bound from here because one has to 
be mindful of the fact that we will also be ramping up our terry 
capacities; so there will be some pull as well and we will continue 
the optimization efforts; so hopefully we should be range bound. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay, understood.  Sir, my second question is on gross margin.   I 
understood your initial remarks on the overall disruptions which you 
faced because of employees and all but when we look at the gross 
margins it has come down significantly actually given your past 
numbers.  So, what explains this significant gross margin numbers 
and what kind of gross margins will you expect for the coming 
quarters? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Well I can’t be specific about what we’ll expect for the coming 
quarters as you know, but we will go back to our normal levels of 
gross margins that we’ve had in terms of our band.  So for this Q and 
for that matter the first Q we’ve been off as far as our gross margin 
numbers are concerned for reasons as we have explained and as we 
see it we will go back to settling at gross margin bands that we 
normally clocked earlier.  That’s as far as where we expect to be 
headed.  As far as why we are clocking lower gross margins; it is 
essentially linked to lower manufacturing throughputs and we will be 
happy to take you through it in greater detail offline.  But essentially 
the lower manufacturing throughputs in addition to FX impacts have 
hit us on the gross margin front.  There is nothing else to it.  It will 
revert back to its normal bands. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Right, okay understood sir.  I will come back in the queue. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Sure. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Vikas Jain from 
Equirus Securities.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity sir.  Sir my first question is, with 
respect to….in one of the earlier participant’s question, you 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
mentioned that the current robust demand we are seeing is majorly 
because of two reasons, the work from home culture and because of 
the anti-China sentiments.  While we can understand that the anti-
China sentiment and the preference for retailers to other countries, 
will might sustain for a much longer period of time; how do you 
expect this work from home culture driving the whole demand to 
continue?  So how long can the demand from this reason can 
sustain?  Your views on this. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
My assessment was not that these are the only two factors driving 
demand.  It was the gentleman who had the question; it was his 
observation that he felt that these were the two factors that were 
driving the demand.  In our assessment this is one of the many 
factors driving demand.  The other reasons for demand uptick we are 
seeing is our client expansion, our product expansion and our 
capacity expansion initiatives that have unfolded recently.  So, they 
have equally added to larger demand that we have seen.  In addition 
to the fact that there is a theory that the work-from-home shift also 
has generated additional demand.  No doubt it has.  The China piece 
as I said has not at least in our opinion created any measurable uptick 
in demand as far as Himatsingka is concerned.  There has been a 
much larger pipeline of enquiries and there has been some 
conversion but nothing substantial at this point.  Therefore, I think 
overall, given all the factors, that we spoke about and given the fact 
that our client expansion, product expansion and capacity expansion 
initiatives are coming through, as far as Himatsingka is concerned, 
we feel that the broad buoyancy in demand is something that we 
foresee going forward at least in the near term and then we will 
review it as we go along. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
 
Right sir.  Sir if I can ask, can you just throw some light on our 
client expansion as well as the product expansion side.  In the last 
call you mentioned you had added a certain number of clients and it 
takes certain period of time to ramp up.  Can you just throw a bit 
more light on that and also on what are the new products that we 
have launched in terms of that work in full expansion and how is the 
response? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
 
So as far as the client expansion is concerned obviously, I 
wouldn’t get into names at this point.  But Himatsingka is adding 
clients both in its North America portfolio and its European 
portfolio.  It is seeing a healthy addition of clients, point number one.  
Point number two, as far as products are concerned, when the 
pandemic hit us in March it had just been five months since we had 
commissioned our new terry towel facility.  So, it was operational 
for literally 20-22 weeks before the pandemic hit us.  And then we 
have been ramping up after the lockdowns are over and so on.  So, 
the fact that our terry towel plant has been commissioned opens a 
whole assortment of new products that the group offers on the bath 
front.  In addition to that, we have introduced several, let’s just say 
segment adjacencies in both bedding and bath in order to strengthen 
our offerings globally.  So, product category expansions and client 
portfolio expansions have been pretty robust as far as we are 
concerned and is the major reason for some of the demand that we 
are seeing.  In addition, as far as client expansions are concerned, not 
only are we adding to brick and mortar sort of place but obviously 
we are seeing an uptick on the e-com piece both directly and through 
our clients.  When I say directly, shift directly to the consumer and 
shift to our clients; we are seeing that as well.  So, I guess all of this 
put together is what’s causing the uptick in demand as far as we are 
concerned. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Right sir and there’s one last question as you mentioned one of the 
reasons for the low utilization levels was some of the disturbances on 
the supply side.  Can you just elaborate on that sir? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
As I said the single largest challenge that we faced on the ramp up 
was related to workforce.  And we also saw some disturbances to 
supply chain for in-bound supplies for products and so on.  But the 
single largest challenge was workforce related which we have 
largely addressed and continue to do so.  As I was telling the 
gentleman who was on the line earlier, that some of our facilities are 
now running at optimum levels of utilization and the others continue 
to ramp up as we go into Q3.  Hopefully we will be at the required 
levels and we will hit it in Q3. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
Vikas Jain: 
Right sir.  Thank you so much sir, thanks for answering. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Ms. Prerna 
Jhunjhunwala from Batlivala and Karani Securities.  Please go-ahead 
ma’am. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you.  Sir congratulations on reaching the pre-pandemic levels 
of sales at consolidated level.  It’s quite heartening to see we are 
coming back to the earlier levels of sales.  You have spoken a lot on 
demand per se.  I wanted to understand how much of your revenue 
would be from brands and what would be the contribution now, 
given the change in our strategy that we were speaking about in the 
last quarter and how is the demand shaping up in our brands business 
versus new client basis? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you Prerna for your observations.  So as far as our revenues 
from brands are concerned, they continue to be stable.  We will 
continue to explore opportunities to enhance our brand portfolio.  
Maybe we will be making some communications to that effect 
shortly.  But, so as far as our brands are concerned, we continue to 
be focused on growing them, but I would also like to add that our 
private label businesses are also seeing an uptick.  So, may be there 
could be some corrections in terms of the percentage of branded 
revenues vis-à-vis total revenues going forward because there would 
be uptick we are seeing on the private label front as well.  But 
nothing beyond that that I see in terms of change. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay.  Actually, I would have been wanting to know the numbers of 
sales that you would have done in the revenue from them as you 
report very regularly…. those numbers…? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We will share that will you all. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay.  The second question is on the benefit of lower cotton prices 
coming into our business.  Have they started coming in or will they 
be a part of our numbers in the second half is my next question. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
For some of our raw materials we were covered so we didn’t really 
get any benefits.  On certain other parts we did.  So, some of it has 
crept in but marginally and before we could take full advantage of 
more benign raw material environment, unfortunately the raw 
material environment is not benign anymore and it’s looking the 
other way.  Raw material inflation is actually round the table 
unfortunately over the last month or so, that’s been the situation.  So 
unfortunately, Himatsingka has not gotten the entire benefit of raw 
materials and we are already seeing a little bit of an uptick on the 
raw material front.  So, on the uptick side as well again we are 
covered to some extent, so we won’t see the entire impact and we 
will absorb it in certain other areas depending on the product mix 
and things like that.  But FYI, raw materials are heading north.  
When I say raw materials, I mean cotton. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay and sir last question would be on the capacity utilization you 
spoke that some capacities are ramping up better than the earlier.  
So, could you help us understand whether it is on spinning side or 
terry towel side or bed sheet side which are seeing a better ramp up 
than other capacities? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So Prerna, in spinning there is no ramp up because it is a backward 
integration project, so it is running full.  As far as terry towel is 
concerned, it is a new green field plant commissioned recently so we 
are ramping that up.  The progress is satisfactory. I would say it is 
more than satisfactory in terms of what we are seeing, so we are 
ramping that up.  It is a new plant, so it is taking us a little bit of time 
to settle in, but it is ramping up well.  So is the case with our 
sheeting plant.  So, sheeting continues to ramp up going into H2 and 
it is the same for Terry Towel.  So, our home textile solutions 
vertical is seeing this.  As far as the Yarn and Fiber solutions space 
goes, it is stable because it is running full. 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, thank you sir, thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have any questions, 
please press* and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Sir, the next question 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
comes from Mr. Devang Patel from Lafa Asset Management.  Please 
go-ahead sir. 
 
Devang Patel: 
Sir in Q2, if you would quantify how much revenue we would have 
lost because of production constraint it would be helpful.  When you 
say in Q3 we’ll be ramping up, so when you say full ramp up done, 
is that close to Rs. 1,000 crores of revenue run rate a quarter? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Devang unfortunately I can’t answer either of your questions 
specifically; specially the second one.  As far as the loss of 
manufacturing revenues that we saw, the loss of throughput that we 
saw from the manufacturing front that resulted in gross margin 
impacts and consequently EBITDA impacts, it is visible if you look 
at our standalone numbers.  So, we have lost at least that much. 
 
Devang Patel: 
Okay, so then to understand how the business works a bit, when you 
are not able to fulfill the demand, what does the client do?  Do they 
have other vendors from where they try to fulfill their orders?  
Secondly, you had mentioned earlier that there are more enquiries 
because of what is happening with China.  How much time does it 
take to on-board a new client and are they asking for committed 
supplies?  How much time would that take to translate into business? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So, to answer your first question, yes there are other vendors, but 
clients don’t try and stone hop from one vendor to the other because 
we are running a couple of weeks behind schedule.  That’s an 
ordinary course development as far as the industry is concerned and 
it is not across the board so there are movements and deliveries all 
the time.  There is no risk emanating from unfulfillment of demand 
unless it becomes very material or chronic which is not the case as 
far as we are concerned.  Your second question in terms of how long 
it takes to convert a client who is currently shopping out of China for 
example, is not something that is determinable because it could be as 
quick as a month and it could take as long as a year; it really depends 
on the client.  The act of on-boarding and producing for them is not a 
time-consuming process.  What is, is all the formalities associated 
with changing suppliers that is typical of large retailers because they 
go through a lot of procedures and protocols when they switch from 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
one supplier to the other.  That’s what takes time.  I would say that if 
they did take a decision to move from supplier A to B, I would say 
the average timeframe would be anywhere between six to 12 months 
from when they decide of from when they started the process of 
making the decision. 
 
Devang Patel: 
Okay sir, this whole tailwind of China will take almost 12 months to 
show up in any revenue increase? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, from when they started looking out, maybe they’ve started six 
months ago.  Again, it is not 12 months from today or six to 12 
months from today.  It is six to 12 months from a client starts to look 
out for alternate sources is broadly the timeframe that I would 
estimate to the best of my knowledge in terms of the kind of 
timeframes that they would take. 
 
Devang Patel: 
Sir in the first half could you indicate how many new clients you 
added; or supplies to new clients added up to how much of our 
revenue. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, I am sorry I can’t disclose that Devang.  It is a fair question, but 
we generally don’t quantify such details. 
 
Devang Patel: 
Fine sir, that’s all from my side.  Thank you so much. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you Devang. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Aman Sonthalia 
from AK Securities.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Good evening sir. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Good evening Aman. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Sir, my question is that recently the yarn prices have increased a lot.  
How will it impact the profitability of the company? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
As I said some of our positions are covered and some are open.  So it 
will have some impacts on the cost side, which will then be 
countered 
by 
certain 
other 
measures 
including 
productivity/pricing/product mix/specifications and one would try to 
counter most of the impact but I would guess that some of the impact 
would still trickle through. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Okay sir, my next question is if the cost increases a lot, do we pass 
this cost increase to our customers or we have to bear the brunt of 
that cost increase? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
As per our experience in this industry and as I have always shared 
with investors openly, I believe that this industry doesn’t have the 
best pricing power generally speaking.  It is not about Himatsingka.  
So, if there is a substantial increase in raw material costs, its 
transmission to clients is not much and it is sluggish.  It is just the 
nature of the industry.  So right now, the increases are not anywhere 
near there, but should there be absolutely substantial increases, the 
industry struggles with pricing power.  But other than in exceptional 
circumstances, for the most part there is some inflation, it is 
absorbed by the value chain in terms of the supply chain and if there 
is some gain, it is accrued by the supply chain.  That’s how it works. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
  So overall we are quite insulated from our margins if suppose 
there is no major increase in the cost? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
 When I say major, it could be lower single digit movements here 
and there in the ordinary course, but the tendency is inflationary.  
Over the last month and a half that’s what it’s been and so we and 
others in the industry will have to mitigate it.  The mitigation 
measures are something I just outlined.  One would have to play 
within those buckets and depending on how covered the concerned 
player is that’s how the impact will be in relation to that. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
  Okay.  Sir, how is the cotton price outlook? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
The outlook is pretty…I would say…volatile and relatively to 
normally what one sees as far as the cotton commodity is concerned.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
It is difficult to predict this, but for the near term it is looking to stay 
put as we see it. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Okay sir, thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Resham Jain from 
DSP.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Thank you once again.  This quarter does it have any exceptional 
losses from the Doddaballapur unit or the European operations 
which we faced from last several quarters, has that come down? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
There has been some.  It has not been classified as exceptional but 
other than the foreign exchange impact that we spoke about and 
obviously YOY and MEIS impact, there’s an approximately Rupees 
two-crore impact that we have taken on certain store closures of our 
luxury chain.  We have ceased operations in some of our stores 
because of which we had to take a two-crore hit; so that’s also that’s 
something that’s there and things like that but this is the most 
notable of all.  There is no other exceptional piece. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay because I think last year for a few quarters we had about 10-15 
crores kind of losses from both these deletions put together.  So that 
remains same or might have slightly come down? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, it has slightly come down because of closures like for example 
we shared with investors updates on restructuring our Italian 
operations so some of that impact has come down.  There is still an 
occasional impact on account of certain residual events in that 
geography but that’s come down and our legacy business impact still 
remains.  There is marginal improvement there, nothing substantial 
and we have got hit by the store closures as well. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Yeah, understood sir. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Also Resham, as far as our interest line goes while we don’t call it 
out every time and we don’t intend to but if government subsidy like 
TUFS and things like that are running late, then we also have a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
tendency to take provisions.  That’s something that also hits us from 
time to time. 
 
Resham Jain: 
And that number is substantial sir? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We can get back to you on that. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay understood.  Sir my second question is on the overall 
utilization rate.  Last time when we mentioned…I think in quarter 
three before COVID, we said roughly about 55% to 70% utilization 
in sheeting and we were expecting to reach 50%, 55% utilization in 
towels by quarter four this year.  Where are we in that journey right 
now? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
We are on track. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay so now sheeting utilization will be closer to what level sir? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Resham I can’t specify utilizations but on sheeting we should be 
better than where we were and on Terry we also remain on track. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay understood sir.  And sir just one clarification on what you 
mentioned on the raw material prices; is it fair to assume given that 
we have a higher proportion of branded sale compared to the overall 
industry as of peers, we will be better off in terms of our overall 
gross margins towards the peers? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
No, that’s a pretty broad statement.  I am, not sure if I can say yes to 
that because it has to be analyzed.  We would have to analyze that 
because I would have to see what others really have in terms of their 
portfolio.  Does it give Himatsingka a little edge over…. vis-a-vis 
ourselves?  Yes.  As far as we are concerned it gives us some 
flexibility.  How we compare to peers is something I cannot 
comment on. 
 
Resham Jain: 
 Okay sir, thank you and all the best. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
 Sure, thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Deepak Poddar 
from Sapphire Capital.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
 Thank you very much sir for the opportunity.  Sir, I just wanted to 
understand you did mention about the gross margin going back to 
normal kind of levels going forward.  So, in terms of EBITDA 
margins as well we are looking at 21%, 22% of pre-COVID level 
that we used to do? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
 Yeah, I won’t specifically comment on the numbers but both gross 
margins and EBITDAs should course correct to the bands that they 
used to be at.  The timeframe is something I cannot specify but 
directionally that’s where we are headed. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
 Okay but that’s what you are looking at in the second half at least 
right? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
 Directionally that’s where we are headed in the second half. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
 Fair enough.  For example, for 21%, 22% kind of EBITDA margin I 
just wanted to understand the operating leverage advantage.  What 
sort of revenue you would want to achieve to achieve such kind of 
margins? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
 
Deepak, we don’t share revenue guidances but these margins 
broadly have been something that we have been clocking as we have 
grown and we feel that directionally, as I said don’t look at Q1 and 
Q2 as representation of what’s to come.  We are going to course 
correct and head in that direction and continue to seek growth on our 
revenue streams broadly speaking.  There could be some timing 
differences but that’s where we are headed.  As far as revenues are 
concerned, they will obviously continue to grow because of the 
commissioning of our terry towel plant and the ramping up of the 
same.  So, the terry towel ramp up is also going to contribute going 
forward.  So, I feel the revenues should see organic growth and our 
margins should be range bound to what they were previously in 
terms of growth margins and EBITDA. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood.  That’s it from my side, all the best sir. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Anuj Sharma 
from M3 Investments.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Anuj Sharma: 
Thank you for this opportunity.  My connectivity was intermittent so 
I don’t know if this query has been asked earlier but we had strong 
cash invasion this half approximately….operational cash of 380 
crores and you made a comment on optimizing of inventory.  I just 
wanted to know your thoughts on, is it a one-time accrual or you see 
some structural changes in the inventory and hence buoyant cash 
flows going forward? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, the cash flow is coming out of the decrease in working capital.  
As I had said to the gentleman earlier that one shouldn’t interpret 
this sharp reduction in inventory that there is sustainable reduction 
because we have come to levels where we won’t be able to 
substantially reduce as we have and we also have to keep in mind the 
fact that we are increasing our utilization levels.  So, I would figure 
that we would be range bound from here in terms of inventory 
reductions. 
 
Anuj Sharma: 
Alright but the reductions which have been achieved would that 
continue to be maintained in the sense of inventory turnover ratio? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
Yeah, I think whatever has been achieved and whatever DSO it 
leaves us with, we should attempt to be range bound from here.  
There could be movements from time to time but that’s where we 
will endeavor to be. 
 
Anuj Sharma: 
Alright, just a hygiene question on the pending capex for this year 
and next? 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
As I said and as I shared over the last couple of calls, at present 
Himatsingka operates four manufacturing facilities and over 12 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
Q2 FY21 Earnings Call Transcript 
Bengaluru, November 09, 2020 
brands.  Our sheeting plant has a capacity of 61 million meters per 
annum, our terry plant 25,000 tons per annum, our spinning is 
equipped with 211,584 spindles and we have a drapery and 
upholstery plant with 2 million meters per annum in capacity which 
is our legacy business.  Our brand portfolio comprises of the brands 
that we have spoken about which is over 12 brands.  I am saying this 
because as far as our capex cycle for the last three years are 
calibrated capex cycle has largely come to a close with the 
commissioning of our terry plant.  Going forward our capex will be 
largely organic in nature.  I estimate it to be in the region of close to 
80 crores a year…somewhere there plus or minus as far as our 
current organic requirement comes out and these will include some 
de-bottlenecking requirements.  Should there be any new projects or 
new initiatives that would be over and above. 
 
Anuj Sharma: 
Alright thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint, we’ve 
come to the end of the conference call.  I would like to hand over the 
call to Mr. Shrikant for closing comments.  Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Shrikant Himatsingka: 
So, thank you everybody for taking all the time that you did this 
evening to join us for our earnings call.  I do hope that we have 
addressed most of your questions.  If you have any doubts or any 
clarifications that you would like, do reach out and we will make 
sure we answer it to the best of our ability.  Thank you again and we 
look forward to interacting with you soon. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen this conclude your conference 
call for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using Door 
Sabha’s conference call service.  You may all disconnect your lines 
now.  Thank you and have a good day everyone. 
 
 
