jSpeed
Jj4j ReIiabIllfr
Value Performance
COMPUAGE INFOCOM LTD
25th November, 2020
To,
The Corporate Services Dept.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
USE Ltd.
Exchange Plaza,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
C-i, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street,
Bandra (E),
Mumbai 400 001.
Mumbai —400 051.
Security Code: 532456
Symbol: COMPINFO
ISIN: 1NE070C01037
Sub: Transcript of Analyst Call held on Friday, 20th November, 2020
at 11.30 a.m. 1ST
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,
Pursuant
to
Regulation
30
of
the
SEBI
(Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosures
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of the tele
conference call with the analysts held on Friday, 20th November, 2020 at 11.30 a.m. 1ST,
to discuss the Operational and Financial performance for Q2 & FY21 and allied matters.
Please take the disclosure above on records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Compuage Infocom Limited,
Anmol Jolly
Company Secretary
Place: Mumbai
End: As above
0-601/602 & 0-601/602,
Lo1us Corporate Park.
Graham lIdh Steel Compound.
Western exp,ess HloJiway. Goregaon (E),
Mumbol —400063. IndIa.
Ph.+91-22.6711 4444
Fax.+9T-22-6711 4445
lnfo@coriipuageInrja.com
Campuagelnaia cam
CIN: 199999MH1999P1C1 35914

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
“Compuage Infocom Limited  
Q2 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 20, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL MEHTA - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - COMPUAGE INFOCOM LIMITED 

 
 
 
Compuage Infocom Limited 
November 20, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Compuage Infocom Limited Q2 FY2021 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing „*‟ then „0‟ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Atul Mehta, Chairman and MD, Compuage Infocom Limited. Thank you and over to you 
Sir! 
Atul Mehta: 
Thank you. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on Compuage 
Infocom Limited Q2 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call. I hope you and everyone around 
you are safe and in good health. Along with me today, we also have SGA, our investor 
relations advisors. We have uploaded our press release and results presentation on the stock 
exchanges, and I hope everybody had a chance to go through the same. Let me first start 
with the business highlights. 
 
During Q2 FY2021, we witnessed strong recovery in business as compared to previous 
quarter on the back of strong demand from all our channel partners, which are spread across 
the country. The demand surge was witnessed across all our product categories of IT 
consumers, enterprise, mobility and cloud-based product. Hence our revenue, EBITDA and 
PAT staged a strong recovery during Q2 as compared to Q1. This demand recovery, we 
believe, is led by multiple factors as follows: Surge in demand for IT products from 
corporates working from home as they continue to invest in devices which enhances 
productivity and ensures safety and security of the data while employees continue to work 
from home. As students in schools and colleges continue to study through online medium, 
demand for laptops increased, increased demand for mobiles as people spent more time on 
their devices during lockdown for connectivity and entertainment, and increased demand 
for fitness trackers and health devices as consumers in general have become more health 
conscious. 
 
Another point I would like to highlight is that, we believe, going forward, work from home 
is going to be a significant part of the work culture leading to sustained demand for IT 
products especially in the cloud and cyber security segments as the employees need to 
access data remotely and at the same time security of the data is as important. Hence, in line 
with our strategy to enhance our product offering in this more profitable segment, we have 

 
 
 
Compuage Infocom Limited 
November 20, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 8 
entered into cloud distribution agreement with Acronis for enabling resale of Acronis cyber 
security and data production solutions during Q2. This tie up would further enable us to 
widen our horizon in cyber security segment thereby further strengthening the Company‟s 
product portfolio. We will continue to focus on partnering with reputed brands whereby we 
can help to add value to the brand as well as to our channel partners and end consumers. 
 
Although we are still catching up with revenue as compared to Q2 of last year, with newer 
brand additions, better product portfolio and leaner cost structure, we expect to better our 
profitability as business reaches pre-COVID levels in times to come. Let me now give you 
an overview of our consolidated Q2 FY2021 results. We reported a strong recovery in 
business as compared to previous quarter and rapidly gaining traction to reach business 
levels as compared to last year. Total income for Q2 FY2021 stood at Rs.1090 Crores as 
compared to Rs.1292 Crores in Q2 FY2020 and Rs.561 Crores in previous quarter. Gross 
profit for Q2 FY2021 stood at Rs.45.2 Crores as compared to Rs.54.9 Crores in Q2 FY2020 
and Rs.29.3 Crores in the previous quarter. EBITDA for Q2 FY2021 stood at Rs.25.3 
Crores as compared to Rs.29.8 Crores in Q2 FY2020 and Rs.13.4 Crores in previous 
quarter. EBITDA margins for Q2 FY2021 stood at 2.3% at similar levels when compared to 
Q2 FY2020. Several cost optimization initiatives undertaken by us during these last six to 
eight months have led us to maintain our EBITDA margins as compared to last year. PAT 
for Q2 FY2021 stood at Rs.6.8 Crores as compared to Rs.10.4 Crores in Q2 FY2020 and 
Rs.0.2 Crores in previous quarter. 
 
Speaking about our liquidity position, our total debt which includes both long term and 
short term stood at Rs.487 Crores as on September 2020, cash and cash equivalents as on 
September 2020, stood at Rs.78 Crores, hence our net debt stands at Rs.409 Crores. We 
continue to generate healthy cash flows and can comfortably service our debts. Our net 
worth as on September 2020 stands at Rs.208 Crores. To conclude we believe that 
penetration of IT products in India is much lesser when compared to the developed 
countries, hence there is long term growth opportunity for the industry and thus for our 
company to grow. With the economy now strongly recovering from the pandemic, with 
enhanced product offerings, Pan India distribution reach and efficient supply chain, we are 
well placed to grow strongly and sustainably in the times to come. With this, I now open the 
floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Ankit Agarwal from Arc Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
Compuage Infocom Limited 
November 20, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 8 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. Now that the lockdown 
regulations are easing and people in a staggered way, have started going to office, do you 
think that the demand due to work from home will reduce? 
Atul Mehta: 
For a lot of questions, very frankly, we do not have definite answers, because this is 
something that we are seeing for the first time in our life span, so it is going to be difficult 
to know, but I think what is evident, is now companies and people want to be prepared for 
all kinds of eventualities. There was surge in demand for laptops primarily and may be to 
some extent mobile phones, so we may see better than normal demand in times to come, but 
whether the same increased demand will be there, is something that only time will tell us. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I also have a couple of questions on the financials, regarding debt, what is the plan there for 
the next two years in terms of reducing it? 
Atul Mehta: 
Reducing debt will be difficult, because we want to continue the growth momentum that we 
built in the last decade; however, we will ensure that we do not grow only on debt, we will 
have balanced growth or we will have a growth which will not be riding on debt alone, is 
what I would mention. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Fair enough. Sir one last question on the working capital, what is the working capital cycle 
in number of days? 
Atul Mehta: 
Working capital cycle in number of days is closer to about 59 days as we end Q2. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
And given the current situation like are you facing, any issues on the receivable side? 
Atul Mehta: 
I would not say there are any issues or concerns, yes, from the enterprise segment there are 
delays which are happening, but I would not call it concerning, which is understandable, as 
project execution gets delayed, they have their challenges because the recovery is slow 
while they do meet some of the commitments from their internal resources, all of it cannot 
be met and therefore there are some delays happening on that front. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
That answered all my questions. Thanks and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Isha Savla from Arya Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Isha Savla: 
I had couple of questions. I wanted to know that how was the recent festive season for the 
company, basically I wanted to understand that which segment did well for us, and which 
has performed negatively during the Q2? 

 
 
 
Compuage Infocom Limited 
November 20, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 8 
Atul Mehta: 
Compuage has taken a very balanced view amongst all our divisions that we have and 
therefore we are not dependent. In the festive period, products like laptops and smart 
phones are typical categories which do better than normal and since we are not highly 
centric on these two categories alone, we are very indifferent to say that may be like online 
company, there would be a surge for us or there is no surge on account of the festive buying 
during this period. 
Isha Savla: 
Can you provide segmental revenue contribution for Q2? 
Atul Mehta: 
The segmental revenue I can share, we have still not stabilized with all these upheavals 
happening in the market place, but I can possibly share the segmental revenue for the H1 of 
this current financial year, the consumer segment would be at approximately 35%, the 
enterprise segment would be at about 43% to 44%, mobility would be at about 18% to 19%, 
cloud would be at about 2% to 3%, these are the major verticals, of course we have two 
other verticals, one is the lifestyle and hardware services, they are still relatively smaller in 
terms of percentages. 
Isha Savla: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Oberoi from VD Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ayush Oberoi: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Sir, as e-commerce is on a boom due to the 
festive sales, bumper festive sales, did our company benefit from this? 
Atul Mehta: 
As I just mentioned that the products which primarily do well during these periods are 
laptops and smart phones and while we are there in this category, if we were to put total 
business coming out of the laptops and smart phones, it would be less than 25% to 30% for 
the company and also there has been some constraints on the supply, so we have not seen a 
surge on these categories for Compuage. 
Ayush Oberoi: 
Okay, so how many brands do you expect to be added in the next year? 
Atul Mehta: 
We have already added two plus one in this current calender year, we have added GOQii, 
we have added Dahua and we have added HP services, that is why I mentioned two plus 
one. We are in discussions and we hope to close at least two more before the end of this 
financial year or latest by June. Until it closes, we can never say for sure because 
discussions are on with several brands, but the plan is to continue to add anywhere, between 
two to three brands a year, plus more on the cloud offerings and yes, we have signed up the 
Acronis one in terms of the cloud security space also, which I forgot to mention. 

 
 
 
Compuage Infocom Limited 
November 20, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 8 
Ayush Oberoi: 
That was very helpful and what would be the revenue contribution from hardware services 
in Q2? 
Atul Mehta: 
Hardware services have been affected because of the inability of the team to go and service 
the products, so it is still in the stage of settling down, because lot of our services are 
provided on field and that continues to be constraint. 
Ayush Oberoi: 
That was very helpful Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Kothari from Progwell Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Atul Kothari: 
Thank you Sir for the opportunity. I have a few questions. My first question would be to 
when can we expect our business to reach pre-COVID levels? 
Atul Mehta: 
We are hoping for it to happen in Q4. 
Atul Kothari: 
Okay. And is it possible, in terms of our FY2020 revenue, how much percentage are we 
likely to reach to approximately for total FY2020 revenue? 
Atul Mehta: 
Very difficult to comment because things have still not stabilized, that gives us a clear 
picture at what levels we will close Q3 at this and Q4 at this. There is still a lot of 
uncertainty happening in the marketplace. I can only mention that we will try and make up 
first, of course our goal is to hit the pre-COVID levels, which is what as I mentioned, we 
are going to try and hit it by Q4 and minimize the gap that we have for the year over year, 
so we are not placing any numbers at this point of time. Our desire is going to be to 
minimize the gap year over year. 
Atul Kothari: 
Is it possible for you to provide an outlook in terms of revenue and profitability over the 
next two, three years? 
Atul Mehta: 
We would not like to do that at this moment, we do not know when we are going to 
stabilize our operations completely because what is happening in the western part of the 
world in terms of COVID and if it flows into India like we have just seen the announcement 
of Ahmedabad getting locked down for 48 hours and spread of cases in Delhi and how it 
will affect life and business in general, so it is going to be very, very difficult to say that this 
is what our plans are and we are very confident of achieving this. Yes, we hope to do well 
because as I mentioned in my earlier communication that demand for IT products will go up 
because the penetration level in the country is low and the need is now felt more with more 

 
 
 
Compuage Infocom Limited 
November 20, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 8 
and more things going on the digitization route, so we are hopeful that we should be able to 
get back on growth track from next financial year. 
Atul Kothari: 
Are you having any plans to raise equities over the next one year or so? 
Atul Mehta: 
We will just wait, yes, we definitely want to raise equity, so that we have a balanced 
contribution between equity and debt, so we have not yet made any concrete plans as to 
how much and when but yes, over the next three years there will be a balanced infusion of 
funds on both, equity as well as debt. 
Atul Kothari: 
That was helpful. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navneet Bhaiya, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
I wanted your views on your balance sheet construct, over the last three years, your debt to 
equity has consistently ranged between about 2.5 to 3x, you just spoke about raising equity 
at an opportune moment so that a debt equity is balanced, but the current market cap for the 
company is about Rs.90 Crores odd, so raising equity from the public markets, even if you 
dilute decent 5%, 10%, you will get may be, Rs.9 Crores or Rs.10 Crores, so I wanted to 
understand your views on your balance sheet construct, your turnover has been increasing, 
but so has your debt. If I look at your debt divided by turnover, that percentage has only 
increased, so majority of the growth has been funded out of the debt, which has resulted in 
lower profitability by your company, your interest to EBITDA is almost 70%, so I wanted 
your views on that, your operations and all are pretty well and I think there is good progress 
over there. 
Atul Mehta: 
Last few years, we have grown on debt and we have realized that, so moving forward, as I 
mentioned, we will be ensuring that there is going to be balance growth coming out of 
equity and debt and as very rightly said by you, that our market cap is ranging in the region 
of about Rs.90 Crores as against our net worth, which is closer to about Rs.208 Crores 
which does not truly reflect in terms of the Company‟s intrinsic value, so that is why we are 
not able to share any definite plans as to how much and when we are going to raise, because 
we are conscious of the fact that we need to raise funds at right valuation so that the 
Company benefits out of it. So it is something that we are just waiting and watching and we 
will act appropriately, but yes, we do not want to grow entirely out of debt and therefore 
this is something that will be paramount in all our consideration. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
Perfect. My view is, I think one of the reason why the market cap of the Company is lower 
than the book value itself, is consistent increase in debt and interest eating up about 70% of 

 
 
 
Compuage Infocom Limited 
November 20, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 8 
the EBITDA that you generate, so given that do you have any target ratio of debt to equity 
since yours is a distribution business, are there any debt to turnover or any target numbers 
that you have in terms of absolute debt which you can share with us? 
Atul Mehta: 
We do understand that debt has been higher because we have grown primarily on debt in 
the last few years and working capital is our raw material, so what we have done as step one 
in the last financial year, even at the cost of taking a hit on the topline, we focused on 
growing the business and enhancing the bottomline which we have successfully 
demonstrated and that will change the ratio of interest coverage in terms of EBITDA etc., 
and that is going to be the way forward. We were on that journey, which I would say, got 
affected this year on account of the environment, so the moment the environment stabilizes 
we will focus on growing the businesses in the profitable segments even if it means 
reducing focus or reducing certain businesses so that our debt does not grow in the same 
proportion and the contribution towards profitability is on the higher side, so we are 
conscious of the fact and are keeping that paramount to the future growth plans that the 
Company has. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
That is very nice to know and the last thing is, with the interest rates coming down 
significantly, are you seeing banks passing on interest benefits to you that can of course 
increase your profitability significantly, because interest is a big component below your 
EBITDA? 
Atul Mehta: 
Not really, there has not been much change. I think what we see in news and what we see 
happening has not been translated into actual finance cost to us from our banking partners, 
it is something that we are constantly working towards, but as we speak, it has not yet 
translated into any benefits for the Company. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
Thank you so much. That is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that seems to be the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Mehta for his closing comments. Over to you 
Sir. 
Atul Mehta: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. I hope I have been able to answer most of the 
queries. In case, if you still have any queries left out or that you may come about, you may 
contact SGA our investor relations partners. Thank you for your valued time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Compuage Infocom Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining and you may now disconnect your lines. 
