 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Ashiana Housing Limited Q2 FY21 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 13, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VARUN GUPTA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. VIKASH DUGAR – CFO, ASHIANA HOUSING 
LIMITED 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Ashiana Housing Limited Q2 FY21 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Diwakar Pingle from Christensen IR. Thank you and over 
to you, Sir.  
Diwakar Pingle: 
Good evening to everyone who has joined the Q2 FY21 Earnings Call for Ashiana Housing 
Limited. Results and investor presentation have been mailed to you and it is also available on 
the stock exchanges and our website. In case anyone does not have the copy of the same please 
do write to us and we will be happy to send it over to you. To take us through the results of this 
quarter to answer your questions we have with us the top management of Ashiana represented 
by Mr. Varun Gupta – Whole Time Director of the company and Mr. Vikash Dugar who is the 
CFO. We will start the call with a brief overview of the company’s performance and then we 
will follow it up with the Q&A session. As usual the standard safe harbor clause applies. With 
that said, I will quickly turnover the call to Vikash Dugar. 
Vikash Dugar: 
Thank you Diwakar. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss performance 
of the second quarter of FY21 of Ashiana Housing. I extend a warm welcome to all of you. Area 
booked recorded in Q2 FY21 was 2.29 lakh square foot as compared to 0.81 lakh square foot in 
Q1 FY21. The booking in the quarter had significant contribution from launch of Phase-V of 
Vrinda Gardens in Jaipur and launch of one block opened for sale in Phase-III of Ashiana 
Nirmay, Bhiwadi. Also, the bookings which were due for cancellation in Ashiana Amantran, 
Jaipur have been considered in this quarter post its updation in the system. Area booked as well 
as area constructed has recovered in this quarter as compared to previous quarter. We handed 
over 1.10 lakh square foot in Quarter 2 of FY21 out of which only 3,000 square foot was 
delivered in Partnership. The area delivered in AHL is in Q2 FY21 was higher at 1.06 lakh 
square foot in comparison to area delivered in Q1 FY21 at 0.82 lakh square foot.  
Revenue recognized from completed projects in Q2 FY21 was Rs. 36.22 crores versus Rs. 25.19 
crores in Q1 FY21. Revenue recognized from completed projects was Rs. 58.59 crores in Q2 
FY20. Total comprehensive income that is TCI in this quarter was negative at 1.74 crore vis-à-
vis negative Rs. 2.30 crore in Q1 FY21. Margins are under pressure due to lower revenue 
resulting from lower deliveries. Pretax operating cash flows were positive at 30.04 crores 
increasing significantly from positive Rs. 10.56 crores in the previous quarter largely due to 
improved collections.  
Equivalent area constructed was at 3.01 lakh square foot versus 1.21 lakh square foot in the 
previous quarter and was 2.04 lakh square foot in Q2 FY20. The construction activities is 
expected to improve going forward and we expect to achieve our targets for the year which is in 
line with our construction commitments. On this note, I would like to conclude my remarks. We 
will now be happy to discuss any questions or suggestions that you may have.  

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Avadhoot Joshi from Newberry Capital. Please go ahead.  
Avadhoot Joshi: 
I would just like to know how was the pricing trend in Jaipur and Bhiwadi because there is no 
decrease in the numbers so I just want to know what is the pricing trend in these areas especially 
in Bhiwadi? 
Varun Gupta: 
Pricing continues to remain stable across.  
Avadhoot Joshi: 
And second thing in Lavasa also we have seen good sales trend, was it because Maharashtra has 
given cut in the stamp due to or was it the reason one of the reason? 
Varun Gupta: 
It is hard to say Lavasa I do not think that is driven by the stamp duty again because there it is 
not the similar situation as other places. We put together a sort of a scheme which made a 
difference, and I would like to comment on Lavasa after one more quarter let us see how 
sustainably we are able to recover sales in Lavasa. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
I think the Q3 will be better for us because of the Diwali and festive? 
Varun Gupta: 
I hope so.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srivathsan Ramachandran from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Srivathsan Ramachandran: Just wanted to get your sense on three slides which the investor presentation has on the future 
projects and referring to Slide #24, 25 and 26, how should we read this? These are mutually 
exclusive project details that is driven or is there some overlap between them? Just wanted to 
get a sense on the future? 
Varun Gupta: 
They are mutually exclusive projects that we have listed out. Typically Slide #24 are projects 
where they are typically future phases of existing projects except for Gama which is written 
there which is again sort of a future phase and phases between Ashiana Town, Nirmay and Gama 
form part of one chunk of land that was segregated during the approval process because of roads. 
But outside of that, the future projects inventory is typically future phases of existing projects. 
The land inventory are places where we have land either through joint developments or 
ownership where nothing has been launched and we have not launched any particular phase 
typically because approvals have yet not been received and these are new projects which are 
coming up and completed project having inventory has actually finished inventory, so they are 
mutually exclusive, all three.  
Srivathsan Ramachandran: On Slide #25 which is  land available for future development is it safe to assume that most of 
the land related cost should be incurred already or is it something that would be not yet incurred 
how should we look at that? 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Varun Gupta: 
So, we have not specified the type of transaction here, next time we would specify. There are 
four lands, I will just walk you through it. Milakpur land and Ashiana Umang Extension are 
fully paid for and they are outright owned by Ashiana and there is no future payments, Ashiana 
Malhar in Pune and Ashiana Maitri and Nitya in Kolkata are joint development projects. And 
Ashiana Malhar in Pune in this quarter got fully funded in terms of deposits, stamp duties and 
everything and whatever remaining payment that have to go to the land owners now will go 
through as a revenue share structure. Similarly in Ashiana Maitri and Nitya in Kolkata, we have 
funded part of the land cost already which is committed now rest of it is structured as a revenue 
share, but with some guaranteed revenues over a period of time where the timeline for that start 
has not started yet. So, there is no pending liabilities as of this moment towards any of these 
parcels.  
Srivathsan Ramachandran: As per the presentation this will be your first project in Kolkata, just wanted to get a sense how 
do you see the opportunity there? And are there some profitability differences between cities 
where you run single project vis-à-vis multiple projects and what is the roadmap there? Would 
you want to kind of expand more in Pune, Jamshedpur, Jodhpur where you are having one or 
two projects now to may be 3-4, like you have it in Bhiwadi? 
Varun Gupta: 
Longer term focus Mr. Ramachandran is on the NCR region i.e. Bhiwadi and Gurgaon, where 
we have done one project in the Gurgaon area and we were looking for another, continue to do 
more in Jaipur. This will be our first project in Pune which one is here Ashiana Malhar outside 
of Lavasa and we have been waiting for a bit to get project kicked off in Pune and now in this 
quarter we paid off significant part of the deposit because those were linked to zone conversion 
which is a statutory hurdle issue. So those have been to a large extent have been resolved and 
remaining approvals of building plan and environmental clearance still remain, but there are 
smaller hurdles to go through. So, Pune would be the other and Chennai would be the other 
places were of focus. So, Jodhpur, Jamshedpur and Kolkata do not remain focus areas. In 
Kolkata, we are having difficulties in even getting the project off the ground right now so I would 
not comment on that. Jodhpur and Jamshedpur are going to remain smaller markets with one or 
two projects going on simultaneously, nothing really more.  
Srivathsan Ramachandran: My last question pertains to some state government announcing stamp duty cuts like in 
Maharashtra and yesterday there was something by Karnataka government for small ticket 
houses. I am sure you are speaking to multiple regulators across states, so what is your thought 
in this regard, do you see few more states joining the bandwagon and cutting stamp duty or circle 
rates? 
Vikash Dugar: 
I hope that they do but I do not think there is anything coming in right now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Kotti from Marshmallow Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Rohit Kotti: 
Thanks for the opportunity and it was really good set of numbers. My first question is, do you 
think this is a pent-up demand and do you see the momentum continuing into this quarter as 
well? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, I would see the momentum continuing in this quarter. So, the second quarter momentum 
should continue, hopefully it will improve going forward. So, things seems to be alright right 
now.  
Rohit Kotti: 
The second question I have is how does the land pipeline/land deal pipeline look because I think 
it has been quite some time since our last land deal which I believe was in Jaipur if I am not 
wrong? 
Varun Gupta: 
As of March we were in lot of active conversation, we had four term sheets as on the date of the 
lockdown thinking of taking those through and then post lockdown, we also became a little 
conservative just to hold on how things are. Now with sales momentum continuing forward right 
now and our expectation that they continue to like. Yes we are now looking to take some of 
those land transactions through on those term sheets that we had executed. So provided diligence 
and financial closures happen, we have few transactions in the pipe and we actively look for 
more. One thing that happened in this quarter, as I said earlier, Ashiana Malhar in Pune which 
we were signed up earlier, but we were not able to take through because of some statutory hurdles 
and that has gotten cleared and document concluded finally, fully registered and deposit done 
with that project looking forward. So, we are looking on that line actively right now and more 
confident of taking things now.  
Rohit Kotti: 
So just a follow up does it mean that you expect to hopefully sign a few deals this financial year 
or do you think it can spill over to the next? 
Varun Gupta: 
I am hoping that we should be able to do about three transactions this financial year is what we 
hope, it might spill over to April, May, but we are looking to close out three transactions in this 
financial year.  
Rohit Kotti: 
On Pune I mean it is very nice to know that the progress has been good, so are you looking at 
launch in this financial year? 
Varun Gupta: 
Launch will be in the next financial year again depending on the approval process as it will take 
that kind of time, and before we were having a lot of uncertainty on that but I think we have a 
lot more certainty now that things should come true in the next financial year.  
Rohit Kotti: 
So we have three broad segments that we operate in the Comfort Homes, the Kid Centric and 
the Senior Living, so any particular segment that you are more confident about today than let us 
say pre-COVID or something? Because for example I was hearing your brother giving interview 
or discussion on senior living and he seemed really excited about the space and he indicated that 
we get around one third of our enquiries in senior living and enquiries in this segment has gone 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
up really high and we are looking to add a lot more projects in that going forward, so a little 
more color on that will be helpful? 
Varun Gupta: 
So senior living is something that we think will drive larger part of the profitability of the 
organization going forward. So, the share in profits and in projects and in other things should 
increase going forward & we are actively looking for transactions. I think it is less to do with 
COVID more due to the fact that it is a less competitive space with differentiation and therefore 
less susceptible to cycles being driven by more competition coming in and excess supply coming 
in and those and with that sort of realization I think strategically we made a view that we want 
to get in there and slowly and slowly we have also been able to get a market going for it. I think 
a lot of time was spend in creating a market for it and that is the right way to put it, in educating 
people, getting people to come in and then get references and all that and so I think overall we 
are enjoying good volumes and pricing both in our project in Ashiana Nirmay, Bhiwadi and 
Ashiana Shubham in Chennai so therefore we would continue to look for more projects in senior 
living.  
Rohit Kotti: 
In terms of total houses constructed would I right be in thinking that you are among the top three 
in the country right now in senior living? 
Varun Gupta: 
In senior living yes, I would say if not the top, definitely in the top three in terms of number of 
houses constructed in senior living till date. 
Rohit Kotti: 
And the last question from my end is in Ashiana Anmol, so your thoughts here because I think 
the momentum is not picking up still, is the connectivity issue is still the big issue there? 
Varun Gupta: 
It was not really a connectivity issue that way, it is little further away. But there is a connectivity 
opportunity that is coming on board going forward they are building an elevated corridor I think 
about 14 to 18 kilometer, but there is a highway, that highway is getting elevated from center of 
Gurgaon to our project and that is going to make a difference, that is still under construction but 
the speed on that is rapid that said that will take about 6 to 12 months. But we are also working 
on ways to find momentum in Ashiana Anmol going forward. I am hoping that in this financial 
year itself we will start seeing some improvement, we have seen an improvement in October and 
November already very tad bit and if that momentum that is there if it continues and builds up I 
think Anmol will start doing better in this financial year itself.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Advant from Multi-Act Equity. Please 
go ahead.  
Rohan Advant: 
My first question was on the cancellations that have been accounted for in this quarter, so what 
are the gross cancellations there because I see negative 45,000 square feet in Amantran, but that 
might be a net number so if you could just give the gross cancellations, that was one. Secondly 
if you could talk about the launch pipeline for second half and maybe for FY22. Like FY20 we 
almost did a 2 million square feet so when can we get back to 2 million square feet of sales will 
it be FY22 or will it take more time beyond that? And lastly Pune land I bought what you are 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
saying. But on Kolkata land, you said that you are finding it difficult to get it started so I mean 
what is the outlook on that? 
Varun Gupta: 
Three things. First was on cancellations in Ashiana Amantran I do not have exact numbers of 
gross cancellations there. But I think and this is not a 3 month figure, but it is 6 month figure 
between April and September. I think we had a cancellation of about 80,000 odd to 85,000 odd 
square foot and most of these cancellations because we cancelled about 55 units and average 
unit sizes are here largest I do not have the exact figure. These were pertaining to bookings 
because Ashiana Amantran was launched in a week before lockdown came in and we got about 
124 odd bookings or 125 odd bookings out of which 55 cancelled and cancellations had 
happened in the first quarter itself. Large part of that recognition happened in the second quarter 
because some of the paper works and documentation for cancellations processes did not get done 
in time. That is what is there bit we had a lot of bookings also during the six months and expect 
Amantran to be now doing well going forward.  
Rohan Advant: 
You said 80,000 square feet is it? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yeah about 80-85,000. Vikash ji if we can give out an exact gross cancellation number out in a 
couple of days’ time post Diwali, if you can set that out? 
Rohan Advant: 
Actually, if you exclude that, we are already at 3 lakh square feet because this is a sort of non-
recurring number all the cancellations that were to happen has happened.  
Varun Gupta: 
Also, the point was the cancellations effectively happened in April, May, June also if I remove 
the Ashiana Amantran number if it had been posted in April-June quarter we would actually 
have 3 lakh square feet quarter, you are absolutely correct. So, where we track bookings not 
from a software perspective, I think we had about 215-220 odd bookings net of cancellations in 
July to September quarter. So, an average unit, typically for us is about 1,300-1,330 square foot 
odd. That is where the numbers would be, so yes, I would say that we are closer to 3 lakh square 
foot. 
Rohan Advant: 
If you can please elaborate on the launch pipeline and 2 million square feet time, when can we 
expect to reach? 
Varun Gupta: 
On the launch pipeline, we have launches planned of the four that we have in terms of project, 
Ashiana Umang Extension which will now typically become Ashiana Umang Phase-V because 
it is part of Ashiana Umang project itself and basically was a land added to the project about five 
years ago that is going to get launch. We have approvals in place except for RERA and we 
should be launching that within this financial year itself and Ashiana Malhar, Pune expect to 
launch next year. On the Kolkata project, it is difficult to get color. We are having a tough time 
with approvals over there and I cannot give color because it’s a little bit of maze that we are 
having difficulty in navigating it overall. But I would expect that we should start hitting close to 
2 million square foot next year. We are on term sheet stages of projects also that we can launch 
next year, we have phases of existing projects which we could launch next year. So in my opinion 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
we want to get back to 2 million square foot again next year as well and that momentum and 
basically with bookings remaining good this financial year and cash flow coming in the way 
they have been coming in right now then we are overall on a good wicket because we can move 
cash from existing projects to fund new projects and get the pipeline going and that is the 
situation.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
Anuj Sharma: 
My question is on the land deals, so the deals or the term sheets we have signed in March and 
we had been conservative since then, what keeping us from not closing them now given that our 
confidence in business would have improved and if we do not close it why would seller be 
willing to sell you at the same price, they would want to charge you a bit more as even they 
would have more clarity? 
Varun Gupta: 
We are now in the process of closure. Of the four deals we have decided to drop one after the 
lockdown; we are going to continue with the rest three. All three are now waiting, we have put 
them in hold so certain conditions precedent that the land owner had to perform they were going 
slow on this, they have been put into throttle again over the last three months and we are waiting 
for land owners to perform their part of obligations and then we will put those transactions 
through. They are basically subject to land owners being able to perform their obligations and 
sometimes they do not happen or some time they take longer than what is anticipated. Like in 
the Pune project, as I said it took them about 21 months to perform on something that we thought 
will take 12 months. We do not have those kind of obligations for each projects, but there are 
obligations which can take 6 months instead of 3 and run into some difficulties as well that is 
what we are waiting for to conclude on the topic.  
Anuj Sharma: 
So again if you are finding this challenging from the part of the land owner or the seller for them 
to comply are we also looking at other opportunities and what is your sense in terms of land 
prices and are they closer to your expectations or they are still far away, how do you think about 
it and also your thoughts on accumulative land for the next two, three years may be if prices are 
good and then may be build them over the long term rather than do the JIT approach which we 
have been doing for a long time? 
Varun Gupta: 
So we do not need calls on whether land prices are very interesting from a land price perspective, 
we look for more the price and the product we are able to do; does that leave value on the table 
for us and we find that right now available. We are preferring joint ventures over acquisitions or 
outright acquisitions in general except for one where we are looking at outside acquisition, but 
mostly at this point of time we are preferring to do joint ventures and in joint ventures we are 
getting terms on offer, some places reasonable, some places are not so reasonable. So, on the 
first point we are actively looking for more parcels and we continue to look. Unfortunately 
COVID also stopped a little bit of travel for us which is a little bit of critical to do these things, 
I think that part is also we are slowly and slowly getting more comfortable and starting with and 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
we have been quoting on land. Anyways we will look for more transactions going forward right 
now and we are looking to close a few.  
Anuj Sharma: 
And one more on this you know in your understanding or expectation do you think the land 
opportunities will remain for some more time or you think this might not remain the prices might 
possibly come back to where there were, just your thought on land prices? 
Varun Gupta: 
In my opinion, land opportunities will remain for a decent period of time primarily because the 
concern on the balance sheet of real estate developers continue to remain. Overall, in terms of 
buyers in the market continue to remain lesser because of the sheer stress that the balance sheet 
most developers have had, and I do not know if that stress is as of now there has not been any 
relief on that stress. My gut feel says that the stress continues to be there. So therefore, in my 
opinion land prices should remain weaker than for a little bit of time and but again it will depend 
market-to-market, depending on the quality of the balance sheet of the real estate developers in 
that particular market.  
Anuj Sharma: 
One more point, of those three lands deals you are pursuing what would be the average size of 
these? 
Varun Gupta: 
In terms of? 
Anuj Sharma: 
Whatever you can quantify whether amount? 
Varun Gupta: 
They are varying between 8 lakh to 20 lakh square foot of scalable area.  
Anuj Sharma: 
Each? 
Varun Gupta: 
Between 8 and 20 that is what we are typically looking and depending on being outright or joint 
venture, capital requirement can be very significant.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
VP Rajesh: 
So, Varun question on the cost side are you starting to see inflation creeping into the cement 
prices, steel prices etcetera? 
Varun Gupta: 
Not yet VP, our overall purchase pricing would be very similar to Pre COVID levels may be 
1.5% lower on an average depending on item some items are more expensive, but some item has 
been cheaper. We have not seen any inflation creep in as compared to Pre COVID levels price.  
VP Rajesh: 
And I saw that we have very good sales in Ashiana Town this quarter so what changed or is it 
just pent up demand there? 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Varun Gupta: 
It is just the demand coming back I think we have been getting more and more of the market 
because supply continues to consolidate further. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Baria an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Harsh Baria: 
I had a question about your Noida project as you had earlier announced that you are looking for 
a senior citizen housing project in Noida, is that included in like three or four term sheets that 
you signed in March? 
Varun Gupta: 
We have signed a term sheet in Noida and we are actively looking there; it was not signed in 
March, but yes we have a term sheet signed on Noida senior living, but it is a very preliminary 
term sheet like there is nothing really to take from there it is still a long way before we come to 
any sense of a deal conclusion in Noida. It is probably the most complex land market that I have 
seen till now - very complex. Again, we are evaluating really like Noida as a senior living market, 
we want to do senior living development there from a sale perspective, from a land cost risk and 
civil perspectives and Noida is a little challenging market.  
Harsh Baria: 
I have another question about like long term plans of the company so let us say five, six years 
down the line what is the kind of bookings that you kind of envisage and what are the kind of 
markets that you want to expand in and what are the kind of projects that you want to be in? 
Varun Gupta: 
We do not have a six-year view, we have a three-year view. Three year view right now as I have 
been reiterating from earlier, Bhiwadi, Gurgaon, Jaipur, Pune and Chennai is where we look at 
core, we look at in senior living in NCR, in Chennai as an important driver of that. So, in Bhiwadi 
also, our mix I think now will start moving more and more towards senior living as a component 
of the Bhiwadi sales. In Chennai we have been looking for one more senior living project which 
we continue to look for and finding it avenues to do that. So I think from a three-year perspective, 
senior living in Bhiwadi and Chennai and hopefully would do something in Noida and Pune as 
well will be an important driver. We are looking for one more project in Gurgaon as I said there 
probably will be a Kid Centric Home development and continuing with more Comfort Home 
mid-income development in Jaipur. I think that is the sort of strategy we will have, from a 
perspective of a three to four years period. Right now, basic thinking in the short term is to get 
back to profitability and in the three to four year term, get to mid-teen return on equity levels. I 
think that is sort of the financial goal right now. 
Harsh Baria: 
One last question about long term price realization you guys started, like what is the long term 
growth in realizations of flats sold in India over the 20 year cycle, like what is the CAGR growth 
in realizations? Currently we have been stuck at around 3,300 from the last five years? 
Varun Gupta: 
I do not have a full 20-year number; let us say about 13, 14 years that I have been around it is 
roughly doubled, a little bit more doubled. So I think it has been basically adding at about CPI 
is my guess, 6%, 7%, 8% anywhere between 6% to 8% is where we have looked at CAGR 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
pricing over the last 13 years and I get up doing a rough math of taking two, three of my projects 
and what they were selling at in 2008 and what they are selling at now so that is pretty much 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Amay Kulkarni from Chandor Investing. Please go ahead.  
Amay Kulkarni: 
I had one question - we launched two projects in Jaipur last year in Q3 and Q4 we sold amazingly 
well, Daksh and Amantran. Somehow I observed from your Slide #12 that Vrinda Gardens 
seems to be not be selling much and it is also located in Jaipur somewhere near our existing 
projects, so is there some slow moving inventory these in this project or what is it could you 
shed some more light? 
Varun Gupta: 
So, Vrinda Gardens has generally been overall been a slower project for us to sell of all our 
projects in Jaipur in the recent past, we do not know exactly what has been the challenge. Over 
the last couple of quarters one thing was there we did not have a lot of stock available for sale 
in Vrinda and when we were launching Daksh and Amantran we were also holding Vrinda 
launch we did not want the flood the market with all sorts of projects. We launched a phase in 
Vrinda in this quarter, it has not gone extremely well, but for a phase launch I do not think it was 
awful, as we got 72,000 square foot sold in this quarter. So, it has been a little bit more 
challenging than the other project in Jaipur. 
Amay Kulkarni: 
I mean is there a difference in size, is there a difference in the sale price? 
Varun Gupta: 
The unit sizes there are typically very similar to the sizes in Umang. Pricing is 6%, 7% higher 
than Umang not very different, closer to the city, something we just do not know and something 
we do not realize, but that said over 400 families residing in the project, we are getting sales and 
its not that it is not selling at all. Q4 and Q1 were aberrations because lack of product to sell in 
Q4 & Q1 and we were preparing for the launch in Q2. So that aberration is a separate one, but I 
do not see it is as a very significant challenge like how we struggled in a few projects in Bhiwadi 
that pain I do not envisage from Vrinda Gardens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srivathsan Ramachandran from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Srivathsan Ramachandran: Just a quick question, if you look at the CAPEX vis-a-vis the equivalent area constructed that 
means we had been averaging 3,500 last year whereas it come off substantially, is there a large 
land component in this? 
Varun Gupta: 
Can you repeat the question again please? 
Srivathsan Ramachandran: I was asking if you look at the total operating expenditure for the year of FY20 or FY19 and 
divided by the equivalent of square feet constructed and do the same math for first half of this 
year there seems to be a steep drop in OPEX per square feet of constructed area, is there a large 
land component as the part of the operating expenditure that you will typically account for? 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Varun Gupta: 
Operating expenditure will typically have land also in purchase so if you look at from an annual 
perspective we report annually something called project expenses and taking that project 
expenses and dividing it by the equivalent area constructed of the company excluding the 
partnership firm, would probably be the right thing to do instead of taking the overall operating 
expenditure. The operating expenditure is actually more linked to sales, project expenses on 
equivalent area constructed comes in and then it goes to inventory, so if you really want to map 
out construction cost it is best to take project expenses and divide that by the area constructed 
and only at the Ashiana Housing Limited levels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Shimpi from SBI Funds Management. 
Please go ahead.  
Rohit Shimpi: 
Varun, you mentioned in an earlier question that Ashiana Town performance was also bit of 
return of demand, so how are you seeing Bhiwadi as a market now for the group housing project. 
I mean are you getting any tailwind of work from home etcetera, people wanting to buy larger 
homes there as a satellite market or any trends if you can share also in terms of buyer preferences 
on buying and renting etcetera? 
Varun Gupta: 
We have called a lot of buyers right now over the last few weeks probably and been speaking to 
about three buyers a week on average at the executive level and coming out and so would have 
called about probably 65-70 buyers in total. I have not come out at a very specific trend why 
people are buying. I do not think it is just work from home or anything like that. I think people 
are making a decision, which they have delayed for 2-3 months and now are getting back to 
decisions. They are feeling comfortable in their earning, their income and they are going ahead 
and buying. I think that is the only thing that we got a sense of. I think one thing that is helping 
and that will probably drive larger sizes more than work from home to me is the fall in interest 
rates. The reduced interest rates increased the affordability of any buyer and then everybody 
wants a larger home. It’s a natural instinct to want a larger home that too in a better location, so 
people make that trade off and lower interest rate to me would typically get people to buy larger 
homes till per square foot prices increase and sort of cover that out, but till then I would say that 
the trend would probably hold for that.  
Rohit Shimpi: 
Any trend of customers let us say is there an age difference is the customer getting younger who 
is buying in the last few months or anything like that or it is pretty much the same? 
Varun Gupta: 
Pretty much the same, then again, we have not been able to extrapolate any trend. Only thing I 
could say is that the one thing that has happened in at least in the visits, the proportion of end 
users or buyers as compared to buy to let or buy to rent out investors that we have. The proportion 
is shifted more towards end users of the last three to four months.  
Rohit Shimpi: 
Last one is in for me in terms of, are you seeing larger consolidation in the smaller markets 
where we are dominant or are you seeing pretty much in line with let us say top four, five markets 
of the country? 

 
Ashiana Housing Limited  
November 13,2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Varun Gupta: 
Even in top four, five market I would say consolidation in NCR and Bangalore might be very 
different. So, it is hard to generalize on it. It is more driven with the quantum of leverage and 
the quality of the balance sheet. In which every city, there is more leverage and more pain and 
therefore more consolidation. Smaller cities also have a particular problem - in general also have 
not had so much supply as compared to other cities as the access to capital is much more limited 
in the way India financial system funds. I think it funds Bombay first then it funds the rest of the 
larger cities and then the smaller cities really come in last in terms of access and that is also I 
think prevented the kind of excess supply that is there. I think Bhiwadi got a lot more excess 
supply than lets say a Jaipur, because it was Delhi developers which went in and developed 
Bhiwadi and therefore they had more access to capital both informal, institutional and that is the 
underlying driver of consolidation according to me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments.  
Vikash Dugar: 
We would like to thank all of you for being in this call and being so patient with all the questions 
and answers. If you are unable to take any question, please feel free to write to us directly or 
reach out to us directly and with that we would like to conclude the call. A lot of material we 
have spoken about is posted on our website and you can also email your queries for any further 
clarification. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call. Wishing all of you 
a very happy, healthy and safe Diwali. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Ashiana Housing that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines.  
