 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Unit No 211-212, 2nd Floor, The Capital, G Block, Plot No. C-70, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051
T +91 22 45407200; F +91 22 45407203 website: www.ge.com/in/ge-power-india-limited 
 
                                                                                                                                            11 December 2020  
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: GEPIL 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532309 
Sub.: Transcript of Investor meeting held on 10 December 2020 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated 10 December 2020, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of 
conference call with Investors held on 10 December 2020. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly,  
 
For GE Power India Limited  
 
 
 
Kamna Tiwari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
GE Power India Limited 
CIN-L74140MH1992PLC068379 
 
Corporate Office:  Axis House, Plot No 1-14, Towers 5 & 6,
Jaypee Wish Town, Sector 128 Noida  
Uttar Pradesh - 201301 
 
T +91 0120 5011011   
F +91 0120 5011100  
www.ge.com/in/ge-power-india-limited 
KAMNA 
TIWARI
Digitally signed 
by KAMNA 
TIWARI 
Date: 2020.12.11 
21:57:26 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“GE Power India Limited Conference Call” 
 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRASHANT JAIN –  MANAGING DIRECTOR, GE 
POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MAHESH PALASHIKAR – CHAIRMAN, GE POWER 
INDIA LIMITED  AND PRESIDENT & CEO, SOUTH ASIA, 
GE POWER 
MR. AMIR MUJEZINOVIC –HEAD OF BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY FOR GE STEAM 
POWER  

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to the GE Power India Limited Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
The investor's presentation for this meet has already been uploaded on the company's website 
and on stock exchanges. You are requested to access the same from there. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prashant Jain. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Prashant Jain: 
A very good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for joining the update call today. We had done 
an announcement on the 22nd September and post that we had the Investors Call. And we had 
received requests from our shareholders asking certain topics to follow upon. And there were 
three key topics that the investors had requested or the shareholders had requested, which we are 
addressing today. 
So, one, there was a request that shareholders wanted to understand more about what GE is doing 
as a company in South Asia. So, we will touch roughly about first 10 minutes on GE South Asia. 
The second topic was, there was a request from a few shareholders to understand the promoter's 
view. So, we have Amir, who is joining us on the call from the GE Steam Power headquarter to 
address the promoter's view on GEPIL. And the third portion of the call would be to provide a 
general strategic update on the areas of focus that GEPIL will continue to focus. 
So, these are the broad three agenda topics for today's call. With that, I would like to hand over 
to Mahesh Palashikar, who is the President & CEO, South Asia, who is responsible for the GE 
business in South Asia across all of GE. And he will take you through his presentation on GE 
South Asia. Thereafter, we will move purely to the GEPIL topics, the listed entity. So, for now, 
Mahesh, over to you on a general update on GE in South Asia. 
Mahesh Palashikar: 
Thank you, Prashant. Good afternoon to everybody who has joined the call today. We appreciate 
you investing your time, showing interest and joining the call. My name is Mahesh Palashikar. 
I am the President & CEO across GE in South Asia. And as Prashant mentioned, over the next 
few minutes, I will give you an overview about the GE businesses that we have in the global 
portfolio. And then specifically, our presence and our activities and business operations in South 
Asia. 
The presentation that we have loaded at the stock exchange's websites and on the company's 
websites is what I will be referring to. So, if you could please refer to that presentation. And in 
that presentation, there is a page, Page #4, that is the first page that I would like to talk about. 
So, please, if you can go to that Page #4. And you will see on that Page #4 the Purpose Statement 
of the General Electric Corporation, which is rising to the challenge of building a world that 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
works. This is a very powerful purpose that our company and everybody in the company and 
our stakeholders' community is focused on. This is something we take a lot of pride in the 
businesses that we have. This is the common purpose that continues to guide us. And this is how 
we serve the offerings that we have. Across the global General Electric Company, we have 
around 200,000 employees in more than 170-plus countries. So, our presence, obviously, has 
been there for the last over 125, 126 years. And we are strongly present in various shapes and 
forms in more than 170 countries. So, as you know, it's a very, very powerful legacy and history 
of our company that we have. 
With this, if you please go to the Page #5, next page. This page gives you the four large industrial 
businesses, how the General Electric Company is today organized. So, in the global portfolio, 
there is a Power business, Renewable Energy, Aviation and Healthcare. Within Power business, 
we have several businesses, we have gas power, steam power businesses within that. In the 
renewable energy we have wind business, onshore wind, offshore wind, hydro, grid solutions 
business, hybrid business, LM wind power where we manufacture blades for wind turbines. As 
you can see, our presence in each of these industrial businesses is very deep and wide. 
In the Power business, if you look at the transmission utilities that we support, almost 90% of 
the transmission utilities worldwide, 7,700 gas turbines across the world in our install base, as 
well as 6,000 coal and nuclear steam turbines. 
The Renewable energy business has a very, very strong install base fleet of more than 45,000 
onshore wind turbines. And as you probably might have read, the offshore wind turbines are also 
now gaining momentum in different parts of the world. 
In the Aviation business, we have two large business portfolios. One is the civil aviation, which 
is basically the passenger aircrafts that all of us fly. And the second is the military aviation, 
which is more for the aircraft and navy and military use. In both of these areas, GE has very 
strong technologies and very strong presence. And as you can see, 37,800 commercial aircraft 
engines, around 26,000 military aircraft engines. And the heart of these aircrafts is the engine 
which is the technology that GE provides and supports. 
We also have a very strong and technology leading Healthcare business where we have a variety 
of healthcare equipments; CT, MRI, ultrasound, pharmaceutical diagnostics offerings, of course, 
ventilators, patient monitors, X-ray machines, surgical equipments, so on and so forth. And if 
you look at the entire installations and install base that we have globally, more than 4 million 
equipments. 
In addition to these four large industrial businesses, we also have many businesses which support 
the growth of these businesses and the technology and the progress for the new offerings. So, 
we have a digital business, we have a capital business which supports some of the industrial 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
businesses. There are global research centers that we have, I will come to what we have in India. 
We also have the global growth organization. And there is also an advanced technology business 
in terms of additive. 
So, if you look at this entire page, the four large industrial businesses and the various businesses 
within that, which I have mentioned, and then the supporting businesses that you see at the 
bottom, this obviously shows you the strength of GE, and which we continue to evolve and 
develop as we progress over more than 126 years. And there are tremendous strengths in 
technology, there are tremendous strengths in terms of our global reach, there is tremendous 
strength of the talent, team, people, the global relationships that we have with our stakeholders, 
customers and partners. And obviously, this is something that all of us in GE are very proud of. 
If you go to the next page, Page #6. This gives you a much more detailed view of General Electric 
presence and footprint in South Asia. While South Asia is a very large geography, but there are 
six primary countries where we have significant presence, India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, 
Bhutan, and Maldives. And if you look at across the South Asia and you see the map on the right 
side, I am not going to read everything that you see on the map, but it consists of manufacturing 
facilities, it consists of research and technology centers, and obviously it also consists of office 
facilities. All in all, we have 16 manufacturing sites in South Asia, four technology and research 
and engineering centers, and more than 30 sales offices and office facilities. All put together, in 
South Asia there are more than 18,000 employees who are General Electric employees. 
As I mentioned on the previous page, all the businesses that GE has, we are very fortunate and 
we are very, very proud that all those businesses, including the research and technology 
capabilities, all of them exist in India. We are very proud of the John F. Welch Technical Centre 
that we have at Bangalore. Just outside Pune, on a 70 acre facility of GE, GE has its own multi-
business, multi-modal manufacturing facility. And the reason we call it multi-modal, multi-
business is, it cuts across manufacturing activities for many of the GE businesses. There is also 
another Technology Centre at Hyderabad and then we obviously have many more manufacturing 
facilities for different businesses. 
There are three important areas in terms of exports, which are also very, very high contributing 
activities from within South Asia. The Pune manufacturing facility which is across several 
businesses has a large percentage of their output which is exported to GE needs and GE 
customers and GE requirements across the globe. Similarly, we have healthcare facilities in the 
healthcare business at Bangalore, and those facilities serve our requirements for the Indian 
customers and Indian market. But we also have a significantly strong percentage of that 
manufacturing output which is exported to the global GE customers and global GE needs. 
We also have a great manufacturing facility, as I mentioned, for LM wind turbine blades. These 
are the wind turbine blades. Obviously, as you know, this is the heart of the wind turbine and 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
these are large blades, they are manufactured for our market needs and customer needs in India, 
but they are also exported all over the world. So, this gives you a good summary of our presence 
across several cities that you see on the India map. We are also present in Bangladesh, we are 
also present in Sri Lanka, and you see that on the map. And then across various businesses, 
including research, technology and manufacturing. 
So, let me please pause there. But these three pages, Page #4, 5 and 6, is what we wanted to 
share with you in terms of the overall activities that General Electric does in South Asia. It's my 
privilege to be leading all our teams and supporting the businesses here and serving our 
stakeholders. I am very thankful and grateful to you for joining today and listening to me. 
So, with that, Prashant, let me please hand over back to you. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you, Mahesh, for providing the overview on the GE operations in South Asia. Now we 
come into the core of the agenda for your company, GE Power India Limited, the listed entity 
and the shareholders that have joined this call today. There was an additional request, as I 
mentioned earlier in the call today, from some of our shareholders who wanted to also 
understand promoter's view on GE Power India Limited, and especially in light of the 
announcement earlier. So, with that, I would invite Amir, who is nominated representative on 
behalf of the promoters authorized to speak on behalf of the promoter representing the global 
strategy on Steam and the promoter's representative in the call today. So, with that, over to you, 
Amir. Welcome to the call. 
Amir Mujezinovic: 
Thank you, Prashant. So, let me first thank you, Prashant and Mahesh for inviting me to be 
present at this investor's call. My name is Amir Mujezinovic, and now I am Head of Business 
Development Strategy for Steam Power GE. And my purpose today, as Prashant has already 
outlined, is to offer the view of GE Steam Power, and offer the view of us on the future of GEPIL 
and how we are assisting GEPIL in being successful. 
So, for the purposes of this discussion, please turn to Page #9 of the presentation. These are the 
few key points that I will now cover. Over the last four weeks we had been actively involved 
with GEPIL, assisting GEPIL in the development of an updated long-term strategy. We, GE 
Steam Power has assigned certain resources, expertise to assist GEPIL in coming up with what 
the right areas of focus for GEPIL would be in the future. We have also engaged with a world-
class strategic consultant, that strategic consultant is advising GEPIL in the development of this 
new long-term strategy. Having engaged with the strategic consultant that is assisting GEPIL in 
coming up with a new strategy, it will become more prudent what new areas of business GEPIL 
will desire to enter in. If, in case, those new areas of business do not have all the intellectual 
property needed to do those new areas of business, GE Steam Power, as the GEPIL promoter, is 
ready to engage in discussions with GEPIL about the possibilities of transferring that intellectual 
property right to GEPIL. In the context of the intellectual property, we can also confirm that 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
existing technology arrangements between GE Steam Power, the promoter, and GEPIL, that 
concern the usage of flue gas desulfurization technology in India, that those existing 
arrangements continue. And GEPIL can continue to benefit from the existing IP of its promoters. 
So, I am sure you will have some more questions in the Q&A part of the call. But for the time 
being, this is all I wanted to share with you. So, Prashant, back to you. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you, Amir. With that, now we move to the steps post GE's announcement that we had 
taken. It's a recap. This is not a new information, this is a quick recap that 21st September 2020 
was the GE's announcement. And GEPIL had clarified and done an investor call thereafter. And 
we had also updated the stock market on the 1st of November, 2020, on the intent to continue 
pursuing the FGD business opportunities in the country. And you have heard now from Amir, 
as well, on the continued support on the existing FGD projects to continue in India. The second 
area is, the GEPIL's Board will continue to evaluate the options, how do we repurpose or 
rebalance the portfolio. I will cover that in the next page. And GEPIL will continue the service 
activities for the coal power plants in India. That's the general sense of direction. 
A bit more detail on the Page #12. So, what we as GEPIL today, the GEPIL mandate today is 
the emissions including the FGD business, the emissions business including the FGD and 
associated technologies and business. The second area is the steam powered services business, 
the hydro business and the gas business. So, these are the businesses that are currently today in 
GEPIL. The additional areas that we are exploring potential growth, as Amir pointed out in his 
earlier presentation, are, we are considering the expanded AQCS offerings into the industrial 
segment and other applications. So, that's an area that we are evaluating on top of what we are 
doing today. We are exploring to expand steam power services business. This is not new, we 
have been talking about this and we are reinforcing that this is a strategy that is in the right 
direction and we continue to focus. The additional topic that we are evaluating together is to add 
a center of competence with field service personnel which will provide certain geographical 
expansion to GEPIL. And this is what we will test and prepare by adding technical field service 
resources to expand to, say, certain areas in Middle East, etc. 
The next topic that is in the remix that we are seeing is that we will repurpose the Durgapur 
factory for services. And we will explore additional opportunities to develop services from 
Durgapur. The flexible operations we see as an area that we will explore further in terms of how 
is the new renewable integration impacting the assets in the country. We are working now 
towards an integrated energy or electricity policy to, say, how will the ramp-up ramp-down 
renewable integration develop going forward. And how will the power plants operate in the new 
regime. So, the operations and maintenance of the coal fired power plants, that is an area that we 
would venture into. This is an area where we see opportunities and a change in market where 
our customers are going to face more challenging regimes. And we also see that there is a trend 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
where technology that GE has will help in helping customers, managers, operations and 
maintenance better. 
The additional area that works upon the existing competence of what GEPIL has is the waste-
to-energy basket, where we are working on the emissions and the pressure parts portfolio to add 
additionally growth opportunities. That's an area that we are exploring and working towards, 
which is using the existing competencies and capabilities that we have. And further expanding 
the emissions portfolio, we are evaluating how can we integrate the biomass into the portfolio 
on one side, so that’s for the fuel side. On the emission side, we are looking at how can we help 
customers manage better their ash management and so on and so forth. So, these are the areas 
that we have identified and we are evaluating as potential growth areas for GEPIL. 
There was also a request from shareholders, so I move to Page #13, where I give a general sense 
on the direction. I would remind  you that these statements speak of their date  and should be 
construed as  a strategic direction in the portfolio mix. So, if we baseline to 100% as the total 
and not the absolute in the numbers, then the present mix on new build to service is largely 
towards new build, because we are still executing a very big backlog on the new build side. 
However, in over three years, the strategic direction of revenues looks in the ratio that we are 
showing here. Similarly, their focus is to build upon the non-EPC business. So, we are moving 
away from the large EPC, full EPC scope. We will selectively still continue on certain FGD 
EPCs, but we are moving towards more, we are expanding our portfolio towards industrial, 
rebalancing towards industrial applications where there will be lower EPC segment. And 
therefore, that will be margin accretive, cash accretive, currently the large EPC PSU driven has 
a longer cash cycle. The business that we will focus will have a better cash cycle going forward, 
which is non EPC. But there will be a good rebalance in the portfolio. 
Third area that we are looking at is government versus private. And we have a large share today 
in the backlog from the public sector. The market opportunity that we are focusing, which I 
outlined in the earlier slide, we will target a larger share also outside the current government 
sector that we are holding. So, we are looking at balance in a portfolio tilting towards more 
private than government. And here we expect that margin and cash accretive deals should be 
possible, where we will be in a better flexibility to negotiate terms and conditions to be able to 
deliver better returns to the shareholders. 
So, that is general trend or direction in the portfolio mix that I can share. Again, it's based on the 
order composition, the revenue may follow with the lag. I do not want to give any estimates or 
numbers but want to give a mixed balance in the portfolio as a general strategic direction so as 
to summarize what is the focus of GEPIL going forward. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
So, with that, I would open to question and answers. And before I dwell into the question and 
answers, I have certain questions which I have received already from some of you. So, I can 
address those questions first, and then we will open up the floor for general question and answers. 
So, the question that I had received was, what is the gross margin impact in the percentage mix 
in the last quarter result that was presented? So, the PBT percentage of sales was, there was an 
impact of roughly 1.4% on exceptional item related to boiler mills portfolio. Roughly 1.1% 
impact on the percentage margin was due to the zero margin sales, where we have an execution 
on an ESP contract which is still getting executed. So, that has roughly impacted the gross margin 
to that effect. And 2% was simply an effect of volume, where we had certain challenges due to 
suspension on COVID or due to the under-utilization in the factory. So, that was a rough impact 
in the percentage gross margin, and therefore the margin of the last quarter I wanted to explain. 
So, that was one question on the financial parameters. Apart from this, we will address the 
questions as we move forward. So, we open up now for the question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Dipesh Agarwal from UTI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead.  
Dipesh Agarwal: 
Prashant, my first question is, what will happen to the boiler pressure parts business which you 
sell, boiler parts which you sell to BHEL? 
Prashant Jain: 
Thanks for the question. I clarified this in my earlier call, we still have a backlog which is largely 
tied up. The biggest customer today in Durgapur is BHEL. And I have also given in the earlier 
call the backlog that we have, which should last for the next couple of years in the existing 
pressure parts. So, that is the focus to execute, number one. Number two, we are in talks with 
BHEL. The license, as you know, expired in October 2020 and we are in discussions with BHEL 
in their interest on additional projects. At this point in time, there are not several opportunities 
in the market. And therefore, this will largely depend on if there is a demand. So, I had also 
earlier clarified on the order intake trend in the last three years in the earlier call, so I would not 
repeat those numbers, where we had said the backlog is largely reducing because we have not 
seen a lot of new build coal activity in the country. So, we will repurpose the pressure parts 
towards services, and we will repurpose the pressure parts business. So, as I said, Durgapur 
repurposing is the strategy that we are pursuing on what we can offer in terms of service 
modernization. And we will optimize the capacity to services. So, currently, the capacity is full 
and so far, therefore, the focus was existing new build to be executed. While we will see that the 
capacity will be available from next year onwards, we are increasing or intensifying our focus 
on service business now. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Dipesh Agarwal: 
Okay. So, basically, I was looking for clarification, the update at parent level doesn't impact our 
ability to expand or grow this business, right, on the boiler parts? 
Prashant Jain: 
So, the boiler pressure parts, as I said, from new build side we don't see demand, this is all subject 
to what BHEL may want to do. So, as far as that is concerned, I clarified that it is largely 
dependent on whether there is a new opportunity coming in the market or there is a demand that 
comes to our biggest or the only customer which is BHEL, so it will be reactive to that. However, 
for services, for sure, we will continue to offer pressure parts in services and that we will 
continue to explore and move towards services. 
Dipesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Secondly, when you say you are looking to expand your industrial offering, are you 
looking to actually build a captive power plant or waste-heat recovery for the industry? 
Prashant Jain: 
So, at this point in time, when I say industrial, if you look, this I am talking about the portfolio 
within the Steam, largely today is tilted towards utility. That's the today's order intake, is largely 
towards utility, as I showed in the page on the graph. However, the market now that is opening 
up is largely industrial. And I have given this clarification earlier that this market is attractive, 
and we will now as a priority one use the existing corporate competence of emissions, which is 
primarily air quality control systems in the industrial segment, that is something that we will 
immediately focus on, on top of the FGD, that is semi-dry FGD where we need NID technology. 
So, that is going to increase our percentage contribution from the industrial sector versus the 
central utility. So, that is number one. Number two, there are applications in industrial which we 
are evaluating where we are able to offer from the existing portfolio of emission control like bag 
filters, ESP, etc., where we have an existing presence. We will expand or we will focus a lot 
more in that segment going forward. So, the current capacity is fully utilized towards the utility. 
And as this market is moving, we are also moving and we are able to utilize the existing 
competence and capacity towards the industrial segment. You can refer to the earlier investor 
call, you will get the details in terms of backlog, market opportunity in these segments.  
Dipesh Agarwal: 
And lastly, if I can squeeze one more. Any sense what would be the technology absorption cost 
from the parent? 
Prashant Jain: 
So, can you clarify what you mean by absorption cost? 
Dipesh Agarwal: 
So, I understand you will get the technology which are with parent to continue your business as 
it is, some of the technologies or the IPs you don't have. So, when you do this, what would be 
the upfront cost which you would be paying? 
Prashant Jain: 
So, at this point in time, as Amir has confirmed from the promoter's point of view, the technology 
is currently made available for the focus areas that GEPIL would like to focus on. And there are 
different technologies with different licensing agreements. And those are not significantly 
changing unless GEPIL feels the need to acquire or take over a technology and absorb it within 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
GEPIL. If we do that, then in that case the royalties that are currently being paid are based on 
the future cash flow that's the standard that any third party would validate considering a third 
party or a related party transaction, that would be applied in case you want to buy over a 
technology. So, in that case, then we will come back and disclose at the relevant level. But at 
this point in time, I don't see any CAPEX that we have to disclose. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sanjay Doshi from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Doshi: 
Sir, it is good to hear about how the parent is going to be fully supportive of all the areas that 
you talked about. I would like you to have some of your thoughts about the areas of potential 
growth that you have highlighted. If you can give us some sense about which of these areas you 
see there is a decent market today in India in terms of the Indian power landscape and which 
would be medium term growth opportunity as we move up the technical curve on the renewable 
side. And if you can put that in context about what has been GE’s experience in other markets 
in terms of technology edge and what kind of competition we see over here? 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you for the question, Sanjay. In terms of the competence on technology, GE has unique 
advantage in terms of OOEM competence. So, to give you an example, roughly about 35% fleet 
in the country is of Chinese origin and in that technology for the past several years, 6 to 7 years, 
there is a lot of reverse engineering done and lot of services that have been offered by GEPIL. 
And since in India, GEPIL has been largely addressing the OOEM market, GE’s installed base 
so to say is 3%, but GEPIL has been addressing the OOEM market, working very closely with 
the headquarters. So, in this technology, we have seen an advantage that GEPIL has today 
especially when the government has banned the neighboring countries to participate. The second 
area that is in our experience the advantage that GEPIL has is that GEPIL is the only OEM in 
the country when you look at the top players, which has the competence across when it comes 
to services, competence across the boilers, the mills, the ESPs or the emission control equipment, 
services, digitalization, mordernization, upgradation. So, the entire spectrum controls 
electrification. The entire spectrum in GEPIL, there is competence today to support a customer 
when it comes to service. What was not done so far is we were focusing on conventional services 
so far. We have found that the customers are now recognizing the value from GEPIL technology 
to be able to improve the overall plant performance either to improve the emission standards or 
to improve their merit order dispatch or reduce the variable cost or reduce the auxiliary power 
consumption, one of these 3 areas. So, we have created certain digital dashboards and tools in 
this connection and we are seeing a very positive response especially from the private sector 
customers who are now looking at the change in regime and looking at the new electricity 
regulations that are coming in, they are seeing great value in those discussions with GEPIL to 
take advantage in this segment. If I name the biggest player in the country, the biggest player in 
the country relies on technology. So, they rely on licenses. They do not have own technology. 
So, the key differentiator when you consider building a new unit versus servicing existing unit. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
While building a new unit requires certain element of design engineering, but service requires a 
different element of experience and that is where the technology edge exists where all the latest 
technologies that GEPIL has and can be or the GE and GEPIL can be applied on services. So, 
this is a differentiator and that is helping the service numbers to develop. So, if I have to give 
you an example and there was a request from a shareholder on to share further transparency on 
the previous numbers on service revenue. So, I will give you an example on, say for example, I 
gave this direction last time in the investor call, but you still needed more information. The 
revenue from services in GEPIL was INR 263 crores roughly in FY 17-18 and that revenue was 
in the range of about INR 490 crores in FY18-19 and this is around INR 400 crores in FY 19-
20. So, if I compare from FY 18-20 directionally, we have moved from INR 260 odd crores to 
INR 400-500 crores range. So, directionally, that is the growth that we have seen in pure service 
business revenue in the last 3 years. The order intake profile of course we have been similar in 
the direction trend and these gross margins in services are decent margins and these are accretive 
to GEPIL books. So, this is an area where, as I said that earlier the focus was largely in the last 
3 years with close to a billion-dollar backlog was to execute on the backlog and build service 
business bit by bit. And as we move into the next 2 years, we still have to execute close to a 
billion-dollar backlog and then we have at the same time trying to also further accelerate the 
service business. That is what we will be focusing on. 
Sanjay Doshi: 
That was helpful. If I can just follow it up, if I take a particular example of say flexible operation, 
which to my mind would be relatively higher on the technology curve. So, what has been the 
experience that we, GE, has provided in other regions and what kind of competition is there in 
these kinds of businesses? 
Prashant Jain: 
So, when it comes to flexible operations, for example, let us say ramp rates, let us say technical 
minimum, technical maximum. So, we have several references across the globe when it comes 
to flexible operations, several references. Now, we are working with the regulators in the country 
and we are seeing now currently that the plants are operating already in a flexible regime today, 
though they do not acknowledge, but even today the existing power plants are operating with 26 
different dispatch schedules today on a 24-hour dispatch basis. However, technology has not 
been deployed. So, with deploying of technology, we are now engaging with these developers 
on tools that can be immediately deployed with low investment into the plant. So, those 
technologies we are discussing with different customers today. Globally, we have a very strong 
reference, very strong proven track record. In India, we have done certain pilots and now we are 
seeing an increased traction especially now when new plants are not being added and as we see 
more and more renewable getting added to the grid, the regulations are also adapting and we see 
the new electricity policy, the ancillary policy moving in the right direction to support flexible 
operations. So, we see two trends here. One trend, developers who are going to be out of PPA 
will behave differently. The customers are still within the PPA regime. They have a different 
view, and we are seeing a right policy step from the government to allow flexibility to the 
developers going forward in the PPA and we are positive that this will open this market further. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Sanjay Doshi: 
Just last on this. What kind of competition we have, the kind of names we know or limited 3-4 
players or you believe many more execution can be taken by other players? 
Prashant Jain: 
I cannot comment on behalf of the competition. Of course, you are also following the same 
sector, but I can confirm with great confidence that the single source for an OEM or an OOEM 
with a great technology advantage of the last 4 to 5 years on technology experience of reverse 
engineering on existing units plus the inhouse competence all local domestic in Noida and 
Durgapur on supporting a customer across the entire power plant right from emissions, water 
consumption, water cycle improvement, emissions management, optimum burning in the boiler, 
managing the cold cycle better, providing flexibility in the rotating equipment or managing the 
controls better, faster ramp rates, providing better flexibility in the burning to be able to manage 
the NOx cycles. The entire technology, engineering competence and global class engineering 
competence is sitting largely within teams, within GEPIL and there is a good amount of 
experience and support also available from GE and that is continuing to be available. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sailesh Bhan from Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Sailesh Bhan: 
Couple of points. One, the services business which is our key focus. Directionally, how difficult 
is to scale up in the sense in the context of, I am sure this is more manpower intensive or 
capability intensive and should have less challenges than other businesses to scale up. One is 
what is the ability of the company to scale that up in a shorter period of time especially when 
one part of our business is being lost. 
Prashant Jain: 
So, in terms of scaling up the business, we have been focused to ensure that we develop 
competence, we execute, we learn, and we multiply. So, when we do the OOEM business, for 
example, now if I have to give you an example, a turbine unit or a generator unit or a boiler unit 
if we have to do a boiler for sure, we have lot more opportunities where we are also original 
equipment designer for about 60-70% of the installed base in the country. There are steps 
involved and those steps are – one is the empanelment that is the access to GE to be able to serve 
this customer and that is the first go-to-market strategy and here, we have been focusing 
significantly in the last one year to ensure that the empanelment and the approach become higher, 
number one. Number two, which is a one-time process and one-time effort to again ensure that 
in every government customer, private customers, if the penetration is a lot higher and easier 
and the government customer side, that is where we are working on the empanelment of GEPIL 
as the service provider for a OOEM fleet and this is where we have a plan for the next 1-1.5 
years to ensure that this increases from low levels to a very high level. So, this is one which 
creates the future pipeline. So, this is one area which is one-time effort will be probably 
concluded in 18 months from now, which will keep opening doors for future development of 
business. The second area is the technology development which we have been doing for the past 
5 years. There are about roughly 1000s of components when we come to these equipment. So, 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
in the thousands of equipment of power plant, when you start reverse engineering, there are 3 
phases. One is when you do the reverse engineering, you are now capturing the data usually or 
investing into capturing of data on a service outage. So, that is one step 1. When you have done 
that, then you wait for the opportunity and then you multiply. So, this stage typically takes us a 
year or two and here, we have been engaged in this activity for last 4-5 years and we see that 
typical benefits take around 3 to 5 years to multiply. And so that is again as I said depending on 
the stage that we are with the customer, you will see that cycle happening step by step. So, that 
is the second area. The third area, which we are focusing on is the flexibilization of the services 
across the plant. Here, I see that the operations and maintenance of service and in the total plant 
area, the larger market will be accessible within the next 1-1.5 years, which will be a big change 
in terms of the accessible market. Here, the investment is more of the right partners and right 
references and the right set of competitiveness that is required to address this market, right set 
of partners which we are working today, and this will probably take a year and year and a half 
for us to come back and put out on the progress. But all these are not being started today. The 
good news is that it is not that we have started this today, we are being working on the strategic 
steps for the last 3 to 4 years. The market is seeing the reality today, but there is good amount of 
leg work done and there is a good amount of leg work we will further continue to explore as we 
move forward. I hope this addresses your question. 
Sailesh Bhan: 
Just the continuation of this. Obviously, the addressable opportunity was there in the system, 
right and we have put in effort to reach an X level. Now once we cross the 3 steps or 2 hurdles 
that you talked about, one was empanelment and users demonstrating our technology 
capabilities. Will the addressable market effectively available to us change significantly in the 
next 2-3 years after these 1-1.5 years of demonstration or performance on the ground? 
Prashant Jain: 
So, there are 2 areas of this. So, I will answer this in 2 steps. First step is external, and second 
step is internal. What is in our control, what is in the control of the market. So, let me first 
comment on the external. On the external market, the market we look at it is in terms of two core 
markets, one market is the basic service business which is parts, repairs and services. This market 
is fairly stable. So, in this market, the steps that I outlined to you earlier demonstrate the impact. 
So, this is where we are seeing a consistent improvement say from the one quarter to the third 
to fourth quarter, we see a clear shift, and this is moving in the right direction. We do not see a 
concern and we expect this trend to continue for the next years, which is the basic service 
business. The second portion is the upgrades and modernization, retrofits and the other areas 
where we see that there will be project intervention like implementing a biomass cycle in a plant 
or modifying a particular cycle in a plant or emission cycle or those kind of interventions that 
we may require, which can be classified so to say smaller upgrades that portion of market is 
external. So, there, the market share has been very high. So, the market share in that area because 
that is a technology where market is fairly open and there is not a lot of competition. In that 
segment, the market shares have been in the range of 35-40%, but that market again is external. 
It depends on the cycle of the market as the customers decide. But here, we have a fairly larger 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
market share. So, our approach in this segment of the market is to grab and retain that market 
share as the market upholds and also continuously work with the customers, with the regulators 
to explain the benefits of implementing these upgrades in the long-term renewable integration 
scheme of the country. So, that is how we will address to that market which I said will depend 
external largely. The first portion will be largely driven by the measures that is completely in 
our control. So, the last year the entire focus was to build upon the conventional service business 
and now, we are working on the regulations in the midterm as I have explained earlier in my 
slides with the various ideas. So, this is kind of a mix of what we will do internally from internal 
control versus external control and service versus upgrades obviously the market will react. 
Sailesh Bhan: 
And one last point to make generally, one is that this shift of business of GE globally has had a 
significant impact on the value of the Indian stock, right and could there be some alternative 
approaches to enhance the value of Indian company by either using advantage of buyback or 
such measures in the current environment? Is the balance sheet well capitalized to be able to 
handle it? 
Prashant Jain: 
Let me address this first and then I will pass it over to Amir. Look, the focus from GEPIL is to 
focus on margin cash accretive deals and improve the performance of the company, and this 
focus in a changing market will not change the focus on focusing on margin accretive and cash 
accretive deals. So, if we do this right, we do not comment on what the market will perceive as 
the market value because there are several variables which are not in our control. Neither we 
would like to comment nor reflect on how the market perceives it, but this is what is in the hands 
of GEPIL management to focus on cash positive margin accretive deals diligently ensure we 
focus on the execution and ensure that we are able to bring the entire margin into the books as 
cash. Currently, we are unable to because of the nature of the portfolio mix, but in future 
absolutely that is the focus to be able to focus on this, so we are able to convert the margin into 
cash. On the second portion of the question, I would go to Amir. Amir, you may want to 
comment on that? 
Sailesh Bhan: 
Yes, if you look at the valuation where the stock trades at today because of the recent 
development which has happened, it has lost more than 50-60% of the value and it is primarily 
attributed to the shift and strategy globally of GE. One way would be given the challenges of 
valuation today, alternatives like the company doing a buyback or promoters doing a creeping, 
allowing to reflect true value of the business in the market place today because today there is a 
lack of or there has been a lack of comfort at least in the recent few months because of the 
development on the longevity of the business which to a large extent, Prashant has clarified in 2 
or 3 conversations on conference calls which the company has held, but additionally as a measure 
to reflect on the confidence of longer term outlook for the business, GE as a promoter has other 
options also to create value, whether it is showing the creeping to the extent allowed or possible 
within the gap available and second also is the fact that the company itself would have reasonable 
resources to do a buyback, so any comments on these points? 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Amir Mujezinovic: 
Our task here is to assist the GEPIL team in executing the existing projects. We are also assisting 
the GEPIL team in coming up with long-term strategic direction as we discussed a few minutes 
ago and this is what we are focused on. So, this is the area where the promoter is actively helping 
GEPIL team and we asked the stakeholders to rely on GEPIL's disclosure and not on the market 
rumors and speculations, so that is how we see our role in the promoter, assisting GEPIL and 
executing the existing projects, assisting the GEPIL in coming up with the uptake in a long-term. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Deepak Narnolia from Birla Sun Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Narnolia: 
I have a question regarding your reply in your earlier question where you said that in the 
scalability of services business and you talked about some empanelment of government orders, 
so I was just trying to understand that BHEL has very large market share and very established 
position in this government sector, so in that scenario and BHEL is also going through similar 
lack of orders in the market and they would be quite aggressive in the services portfolio, so in 
that scenario, what is your view on that? How far you can? 
Prashant Jain: 
We are coming towards the end of the call, so this probably could be the last question I could 
address, thanks for that. I would not comment on BHEL, it will not be fair especially to share 
the competitive advantage or the strategies in public domain; however, as I mentioned earlier 
that the success, if I compare the 2018 numbers to 2020 numbers, obviously the customers have 
seen value and therefore the numbers have grown, so I can only prove that from the numbers 
and the performance where lot of customers have placed their confidence and trust on the 
technology advantage. The difference is, if there is a license for new build and there is no license 
or technology for service, building a new machine to perform for the first 10 years vis-à-vis 
upgrading or servicing an existing unit with respect to the site tolerances and the abuse in the 
operation regime that the machine have gone through 8 to 10 years are totally 2 different 
technologies, so while you produce a unit, the same start will not fit say, may not fit necessarily 
and in terms of delivering the right performance, after say 10 years of operation or 8 years of 
operation, it may require certain technology engineering modifications in the backend which are 
related to core deploying of technology. To give you an example, in the last 50 years, there are 
technology upgradations happening constantly every year and those technology license 
agreements of the existing units were probably a result of 10-year-old technology or 15-year-old 
technology or 20-year-old technology, but when GE provides service today on an existing 
equipment which is old, then that advantage is unique, and this will not be seen by customers 
from anybody else in the market. That is the advantage that GE has and that is the reason why 
we have been successful so far, it is technology driven, number one. Number two, we are of 
course competitive, and we are making good margins and that also shows that despite of 
participating in public tenders, winning on L1 basis, we have been able to make decent margins 
so far. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Deepak Narnolia: 
Just to add on this, a simple thing, if you allow us? 
Prashant Jain: 
We really are overtime, but please very quickly. 
Deepak Narnolia: 
Yes, the number you mentioned, these 250 crores to somewhere around 400 crores, so in that 
journey you had success in government sector? 
Prashant Jain: 
Largely across all sectors, yes, across all sectors including government and private, yes. There 
are certain accounts where we have made very good inroads and there are certain accounts where 
we have made partial inroads and we are working on expanding that, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Renjith Sivaram 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Sir, just I think this FGD you had provided a good clarity, but just if I have to reiterate like the 
last part what we wanted to understand is that, can we participate in new order where we have a 
dependence with GE global for the patent and especially in the NTPC or some of the state 
government entities where they had the specific plot, so just wanted a clarity on that front, what 
is the current strategy? 
Prashant Jain: 
This is the last question, sorry about that, we are already overtime, but I will address this one. I 
have confirmed categorically the data and numbers on the 1st of November 2020 on the market 
which is available to us today, so that is the confidence that the company has and Amir has 
confirmed support on behalf of promoter to address that market. As regards the government 
tender of NTPC is concerned or public sector tenders, there is only one lot left from NTPC which 
is lot 6 and that is a project specific strategy, so it will not be fair to share in the open forum 
because there are several moving pieces there, the tenders have also consistently been postponed 
because there is double challenge in terms of the neighboring country import ban and the tenders 
have now been pushed out again from most probably towards January, so this has already been 
postponed for the last 5-6 months and again being postponed simply because lot of moving 
pieces in that, so deal specific, I will not address, but market specific categorically yes, we are 
confident that we are able to address the market as I confirmed them on 1st of November 2020 
and as now we have also executed certain projects in India. For certain state tenders, we are now 
seeing possibility that GEPIL will qualify based on the experience in India, but that in any case 
I have explicitly clarified on 1st of November 2020, please refer to that, largely that is intact. On 
top of that, yes, certain projects, GEPIL will be able to qualify and GEPIL is working towards 
that and that will be marginal upside to what we have confirmed. Does that address Renjith your 
question? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Prashant Jain for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
December 10, 2020 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you all for joining and I would explicitly thank Mahesh and Amir for joining the call and 
I also thank all the shareholders for the questions and also the feedback and the idea that they 
have shared, and we hope we were able to address all your questions today. Looking forward to 
continued engagement with you. Thank you all. Have a very good evening. Thank you, team, 
for supporting and hosting the call. Thank you all. 
Mahesh Palashikar: 
Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GE Power India Limited, we conclude today's conference. Thank you 
all for joining, you may now disconnect your lines. 
