                                                                                                                                                           
                  Edelweiss Financial Services Limited  
                  Corporate Identity Number: L99999MH1995PLC094641 
                  Registered Office: Edelweiss House, off. C.S.T. Road, Kalina, Mumbai - 400 098 Tel No.: +91 22 4009 4400 Fax: +91 22 4019 4890  www.edelweissfin.com 
          
 
 
 
 
EW/Sec/2020/281 
 
November 9, 2020 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
Ref.:- Symbol: EDELWEISS 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
 
Enclosed is the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on November 2, 2020, pertaining to the 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2020. 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Edelweiss Financial Services Limited 
 
 
B. Renganathan 
Executive Vice President & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Renganatha
n Bashyam
Digitally signed by Renganathan Bashyam 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=0f53eccee2ae57f2e6e06ef347eefa37f08fd5094c989
e981373791bbb089b11, postalCode=400706, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=472f6e3138236478534fc66f18b9e51c754abfa
b5d97368f256abfe384ad4076, cn=Renganathan Bashyam 
Date: 2020.11.09 18:17:39 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Edelweiss Financial Services Limited 
Q2FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 02, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. RASHESH SHAH, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, EDELWEISS GROUP 
MR. HIMANSHU KAJI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND GROUP COO  
MR. S. RANGANATHAN, PRESIDENT 
MR. SARJU SIMARIA, CFO 
MS. RAMYA RAJAGOPALAN – SENIOR EVP, CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Edelweiss Financial Services Limited 
Q2FY2021 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ramya Rajagopalan, 
Senior EVP, Corporate Development. Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Ramya Rajagopalan: 
Thank you Bikram. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to our Q2 earnings 
call for the financial year 2021. As ever, we hope you and your families are safe and well. 
Today we have with us on the call Mr. Rashesh Shah, Chairman and CEO of the Edelweiss 
Group, Mr. Himanshu Kaji, Executive Director and Group COO, Mr. S Ranganathan, 
President, Edelweiss Financial Services and Mr. Sarju Simaria, CFO of Edelweiss Financial 
Services. During the discussions today, we will be making references to the Q2 results 
presentation uploaded on the exchanges and on our website. We do hope you have had a 
chance to review it and have it close by. Please do note that some of our statements on 
today’s call may be forward looking in nature and hence may involve risks and uncertainty. 
Please read the safe harbor statement in our results presentation as well. With that, I will 
now hand the call over to Mr. Rashesh Shah to begin the proceedings of the call. Thank you 
and over to you Rashesh. 
Rashesh Shah: 
Thank you Ramya. Good afternoon to all of you. A very warm welcome to all of you for 
this Q2 results. I hope all of you are safe and your families are okay. All of us are still 
managing in the middle of this COVID unprecedented crisis but thank you all for joining 
this call. Friends, as we had spoken earlier, the current year FY2021 given all the events 
that are happening in this year and what has happened in the last couple of years in the 
financial services space in India, is what we call a year of reset. I think India’s economy is 
also going through a reset. We have had four years of slowdown, but a lot of changes with 
IBC and GST and now other reforms and the bank NPA, which have also come down, but 
then COVID happened. So there is a reset going on, not only a short term reset, but a 
medium term reset for Indian economy, but we do feel that this COVID is like a big reset 
for Indian economy and it comes at a final stage of this interim changes that have been 
happening.  
 
Recently, we have seen the economy is going through a gradual phase of recovery and all of 
us have an opportunity to think beyond COVID, so we are also taking this opportunity to 
refresh and renew ourselves, our organization, and our business to become future ready. 
This quarter, Q2 has been as per plan. What we have said earlier, I think most of the things 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 3 of 19 
have gone as per plan as what we were intending to do. So on this call, I hope to give you 
some more color on what we have done, what we are going to do going forward and the 
four things I want to talk about is what is the progress we have made on the focus areas up 
till now. The second item is our balance sheet and how we are strengthening the balancing 
sheet and organization. The third is our growth and businesses and the update on that 
including the quarterly results and the fourth is environment and how on a long-term basis, 
we are getting ready for how we see the environment and how we are adapting to that. 
 
So first on the progress on focus areas, we continue to focus on improving our liquidity and 
equity. As we have said that, things have improved a lot, but since we were already in 
motion of making sure we have fortress balance sheet, our debt to equity ratio has come 
down to 3.1 from what was 5.2 two years ago. So in two years, we have significantly 
reduced our debt to equity ratio. Our total borrowing at Edelweiss Group level, which were 
more than Rs.50,000 Crores have now come down to Rs.30,000 Crores. So almost a 40% 
reduction in the borrowing in two years and that has been a significant achievement. It has 
come at a cost, but I think it is very, very positive development. The D/E ratio has improved 
and will improve further when we close the PAG deal and I will give you an update on that. 
It is going as per schedule, but when we close the PAG deal and get approximately 
Rs.2,000 Crores of equity money in the next three to six months that will improve our D/E 
ratio, but also make us capital surplus and for us, I think getting ready for the next innings, 
one of the important thing is not just to have enough liquidity on hand, but to also be capital 
surplus because there is going to be a lot of growth in organization, especially financial 
services organizations, which are capitally strong will be able to benefit on that. 
 
With PAG deal, we have demonstrated again that our idea is to build great businesses, have 
excellent management teams, and then with global partners scale up these businesses and 
create value so we have done that in our insurance venture. We have done that in our 
distressed credit venture. We have some fabulous investors in our asset management 
business also and now with PAG in our wealth management business, we have a nice 
business in insurance broking where we have a partnership with Arthur Gallagher from 
USA and that is also doing well. So I think our demonstrated capability to forge 
partnerships has also come of age and finally on the progress and focus areas - cost we have 
done well on that. There is slide 19 which gives you more color on that, how we have 
reduced the fixed cost by 23% and a lot of our cost efficiency initiatives including using 
technology and being more productive will start to show results only by the end of this 
fiscal year. So we do hope that FY2022 onwards, a lot these things we are doing will start to 
show progress. On the balance sheet side as I said we continue to improve CAPAD. You 
must have seen slide number six, which shows the capital adequacy and the solvency ratio 
across all our businesses, so our idea was that all our businesses should be very, very well 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 4 of 19 
capitalized. So our 3 credit businesses ECL Finance, ERFL and EHFL all have capital 
adequacy of 23% to 29%, which you can see is very, very robust. Our asset management 
wealth business has very strong AUM. Asset management has got almost Rs.73,000 Crores. 
On the wealth management, we have Rs.1,33,000 Crores of assets under advice. For ARC, 
which has now Rs.2,000 Crores of equity has a capital adequacy of 34% and both our 
insurance companies operate at a solvency ratio of more than 200%, though they have 
grown very well, we have maintained solvency ratios. So slide five and six show you that 
we continue to make sure our entities or businesses are very well capitalized. Our liquidity 
position is also strong. You can see on slide 41 the whole liquidity, which is close to 21% of 
our borrowings. Friends, we have always said we will be between 15% to 20% of our 
borrowings as liquidity at any point of time. In the crisis of the last two years, we have tried 
to stay above 20% and I am happy that we are at 21% now, which is shown on slide 41, 
which is also a significant improvement because last quarter, we have almost increased our 
liquidity by 50% from end of last quarter to this quarter.  
 
Our asset quality is still under watch though I think we have taken very proactive 
impairments and as you know a couple of quarters ago, we took one massive impairment 
and it was very painful, but we do feel that we are now fairly well covered and as you know 
NBFCs, we have to worry more about impairment than only about provisioning because 
provisioning is a NPA formula, which was applicable to banks and NBFCs earlier, but since 
NBFCs have moved to Ind-AS, it is very, very important that even if something is not an 
NPA, but we expect impairment, we should provide for that and that is what we have done. 
Our impairments are a lot higher than what NPAs would have been under the earlier 
structure and we do think we have bitten the bullet on that and hopefully, as the economy is 
improving, asset quality should also be adequately covered and lastly our retail collections 
have improved. Slide 27 shows how retail collections have come back, and this is across the 
board. I think all the banks we have seen there is a strong performance on retail collections 
across the board and that is good news because that shows the economy is coming back 
also. On Q2, we have shown an ex insurance profit after tax of Rs.28 Crores and as you 
know in our insurance businesses, we are still investing, so we expect to make accounting 
loss in our insurance business. So there is a consolidated loss; what are important metrics 
from an operating parameter point of view has been the ex insurance profit after tax, which 
came in at Rs.28 Crores and I will speak about it because it was important for us to get to 
break even and then start improving profitability via various things we are doing.  
 
So we are getting back on track. Slide 14 gives us more color on that. Importantly in this 
quarter, our asset management business in alternatives where we are the leaders, we closed 
the special opportunities fund ESOP III with a fund raise of Rs. 6,600 Cr. This is the largest 
fund raise in this year in the private credit space and as you know a couple of years ago, we 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 5 of 19 
had closed our distressed credit fund, which was almost Rs.10,000 Crores, which was the 
largest distressed credit fund in Asia at that time and we are very happy to show that we 
have closed ESOP also in this quarter and this is demonstrating that in alternatives space, 
especially in private credit space, our leadership is very strong. Indeed, I am very happy that 
we managed to close this fund in the middle of COVID. As you know this fund takes 
almost 12 to 18 months to close and all that effort, we kept up the momentum even through 
the COVID situation and closed this fund. We have some great LPs, limited partners in this 
fund like OTPP and Florida Pension Fund and AP4 and all and that itself is a strong 
demonstration of our franchise in this business. 
 
In our mutual fund business also it has been a great quarter. We closed the second tranche 
of Bharat Bond ETF and as a result now our asset management AUM on both alternatives 
and mutual fund is at Rs.73,000 Crores. We are close to $10 billion and it has more than 
doubled in one year. So in the last one year, which is effectively almost a COVID year, in 
slide 11 you can see that we have doubled our AUM in the last one year in our asset 
management space, which has been a good endorsement. In the wealth management also we 
have seen a 24% Y-O-Y growth. Our assets under advice now crossed 1,33,000 and the 
wealth management business also has shown good profitability. From the retail credit also, 
we have started growing again. We have disbursed almost Rs.65 Crores in the MSME 
scheme and we have also started assigning portfolios. So we have sold more than Rs.500 
Crores of mortgage portfolio because our approach in this business is to become asset light, 
but use our origination, under writing and servicing capability to build a robust credit 
business and we partner with banks and all to do this and on the retail side also this quarter 
a lot of our actions have got endorsed by that. The ability to assign portfolios, distribute, 
originate and MSME loans all that is strong traction on this and lastly ARC has also had a 
good quarter. We had more than Rs.1,000 Crores of recovery in this quarter and on ARC 
we continue to remain focused on recoveries. We are not yet building the portfolio. We 
have built a very strong portfolio between 2015 to 2018 and from 2018 till 2021 our focus 
has been stated as focus on revival and recoveries and making sure that these assets, we 
unlock values in them in the best possible way. I expect from 2021 onwards our ARC will 
start building portfolios again. We will start buying assets again and as we talk to banks and 
other NBFCs we are seeing that there will be a lot opportunities out there, but I think 
another couple of quarters when COVID is over and things stabilize, until then our ARC is 
actually sitting on a lot of ample liquidity, but we are not worried about it, though it is an 
earnings drag, we think this is not the time to build the portfolio, this is the time to work on 
the portfolio and that is what we are doing on our ARC. Our insurance companies have also 
had a very good quarter. Our general insurance business has been the fastest growing player 
in the industry in the first half of this year. You can see it on slide 39 and we are now at an 
annualized run rate of GWP of Rs.250 Crores, which for a two year old company and 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 6 of 19 
especially in COVID time, it is very, very gratifying and here we have built this business as 
a Fintech model, it is a completely digital model and since it is a new business in Edelweiss 
stable, we have been able to experiment a lot using technology and that has been very 
gratifying. The life insurance business ETLI also positive growth every month in this 
quarter. It is one of the only two companies to have registered positive APE growth every 
month in this year first half. So the last six months we have had positive growth. So COVID 
or no COVID our life insurance business continued to grow and has been only one of the 
two companies in the industry to show that. So in this challenging environment our 
businesses continue to do well and from a future outlook point of view, I think we are 
focused on being very resilient and fortunately, the India economy is also showing strong 
signs of come back and for us that is very important. September has been a good month. 
Even October has been a very good month for the economy. So we do think the economic 
recovery is underway. A lot of things RBI and the government did have been very, very 
helpful from the MSME, Atmanirbhar Bharat Scheme to the liquidity injection. So I think a 
lot of things are starting to fall in place. Global environment is also improved. So I think 
real growth will start coming back couple of quarters down the line, but the U turn has been 
made and even on Edelweiss, I do think that last couple of quarters have been very difficult. 
The last couple of years have been very difficult, but we have made the U turn and our 
priorities will remain becoming more asset light, reducing debt, improving on cost 
efficiencies and strengthening organization and the business is becoming more independent. 
In the last two years, we have made sure that all our businesses are becoming more and 
more operationally independent. So all our businesses have the best of both the worlds. 
They have the Edelweiss umbrella and the group support and the hand holding and the 
common brand and all, but they also are operationally independent, and governance 
independent. They have their independent boards. They are very well capitalized. So we 
have tried to achieve the best of both worlds for our businesses so that they can compete in 
their individual space and become stronger. 
 
Other update on the EWM deal with PAG is making satisfactory progress. We are filing for 
all the regulatory approval and it seems to be on track. We will continue to focus on 
profitability, as I said we have got to about break even, but we need to work a lot more and 
the focus will be on reducing cost of borrowing. Our cost of borrowing has gone up by 
almost 100 basis points in the last 18 months while actually interest cost in India has come 
down by almost 200 basis points. So even if you take an average reduction of 150 basis 
points, which should have happened on a Rs.30,000 Crores borrowing that is a Rs.450 
Crores delta for us. So we have to work on that.  
 
Now as liquidity has improved in the last two years, for the first time we have started saying 
no to bank lines. We have started renegotiating rates. In our housing finance a few term 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 7 of 19 
loans have been reset. Interest rates recently have been reset. So we remain optimistic on 
our ability to reduce the cost of borrowing. That is going to be one important area. I spoke 
about the operating cost. We are becoming more efficient on that and as we get the equity 
that comes in when we close the PAG deal on Edelweiss Wealth Management even that 
equity will reduce our cost of funding, our interest cost and will also help on profitability. 
So I think these are the focus areas. As I have said last two quarters, a lot of heavy lifting 
has been done. We have taken the impairment that was required. COVID has fortunately 
not played out as bad as we all thought in April, May, and June, but it has had significant 
impact, but has also allowed all of us to reset. So most of our businesses are doing well 
except NBFC where last two years we have seen a reduction in growth and value reduction 
and scale has come down in the NBFC business like it has been for many others, especially 
in the wholesale NBFC space. Our asset management, wealth management, insurance, ARC 
business all this continue to create value and I think our focus on being truly a diversified 
financial services company having this multiple businesses, making them independent, 
having their independent equity capital, balance sheet out there, but providing them group 
support and all the strengths of the group, but making them operationally independent has 
actually come long way in the last six months also. So along with that we will continue to 
do that. We need another two quarters of real hard work on improving profitability. Our 
target was originally always been first liquidity, then equity, then profitability, and then 
growth. So I think the first two we remain comfortable on equity and liquidity. Now we 
want to get to profitability with all this cost efficiency items we have been speaking about 
and eventually I think March 2021 onwards we hope that growth comes back, and a lot of 
our businesses see a lot of growth ahead of them. So along with that I would once again 
thank all of you for being on this call and we will now open for Q&A. Over to you Ramya. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. We have our first question from the line of Kshitiz Prasad from Maybank. 
Please go ahead. 
Kshitiz Prasad: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Two questions I have. One is if one can share the 
breakup of the loans in each of the category. Last quarter it was given in the presentation, 
how much is mortgages, how much is corporate loans, loans to real estate breakup? The 
other question I wanted to ask was if I may understand the entire equity capital raise the 
process over a period of time since the liquidity crisis in different businesses and the 
restructuring of the businesses? Now ARC is not part of the asset management? It is a 
separate entity all together? So may I assume that all these restructuring and external capital 
raise in the form of equity is more or less over as now the business strategy is going to be 
more on profitability and sustainability? We see that the operating profit levels we have 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 8 of 19 
made a profit, so what is the view and what is the strategy going forward, that is my 
question? Thanks. 
Rashesh Shah: 
Absolutely I think on the first question you know whether ARC is part of AMC or not. As 
you know, all these are independent entities. If you see one of the slides, slide #6, we have 
given all the independent entities, because these are the legal entities, so ARC is always a 
standalone company because it is like semi-NBFC and semi-asset manager in that sense. If 
you see all are NBFCs, Edelweiss Housing Finance which is a HFC retail finance, so when 
we present numbers, we present it for convenience and ease of understanding for the 
investors, but we are increasingly providing detail of each individual entity, so if you see 
that slide #6, there effectively eight entities out there and in fact even EAAA is an 
alternatives and AMC is the mutual fund which are also two entities, so the way Edelweiss 
run all these entities are independent, they are run independently, because that is what is 
required by law also like as you know mutual fund has to be an independent entity and 
ARC is an independent entity and insurance company is independent entity, so for sake of 
ease of investor presentation, we will group it and all, but all this will be run independently 
and a lot of investor’s feedback came to us that ARC and asset management was confusing 
them because they saw ARC as a balance sheet business while asset management was 
purely asset management and based on investor feedback, we are providing numbers, but if 
you look at our annual report or you look at our investor presentation, we are increasingly 
showing it at entity level, because I thing grouping is more for presentation convenience, 
the way they operate is they operate as independent entities with their own boards, a lot of 
them have their own investors also, but they get all the support from the group, they get all 
the assistance even liquidity management and all group helps out, because group always has 
a little bit of excess liquidity that can be provided, so we do provide some amount of group 
support, but most of the businesses are very, very independent and if they were 
operationally independent say 40%, 50% three, four years ago, now they almost 90% 
independent. They are a few common things across the group level and as you correctly 
said, I think with this when we close the PAG deal and we close EWM then we become 
capital surplus so most of the equity raising is more or less over, because as you can see our 
entities are fairly well capitalized, they do not need capital for growth. As you would have 
seen in the P&L, the corporate is making a loss, because we have borrowed money in the 
last two years to fund a lot of needs, especially liquidity needs of the group and all which 
with this equity raise also goes away. So if you raise Rs.2,000 Crores the interest cost 
saving on that will be Rs.250 Crores odd a year and that is the current drag, so I think as we 
improve our cost efficiency even without coming back to growth a lot of the profitability 
will start coming back and once growth comes in then obviously profitability can be 
improved further. On the breakup, I thought there was a slide which gave the breakup of the 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 9 of 19 
assets, but I will get may be Ramya to refer to the slide. Which is the slide Ramya where 
you have the asset breakup? if it is not there, we will be happy to send it across to you. 
Kshitiz Prasad: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have our next question from the line of Saket from GrowthX Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Lohia: 
In the consolidated results in the revenue from operations, we have net gain on fair value 
changes as Rs.423 Crores, could you explain a bit about the same please? 
Rashesh Shah: 
This is largely as you know, we have taken impairment last quarter and all because a lot of 
this on the securities or bonds and others a lot of loans are held as securities and 
investments and all, especially at a group level, so under the Ind-As we have to mark to 
market every quarter up or down, so this keeps on changing at an entity level, so lot of these 
must be at entity level which gets consolidated like we have lot of SR, security receipts in 
the ARC, we hold a lot of security, we have a lot of derivatives contract, so may be our 
CFO SR can explain it is a very may be technical issue, if you need offline some more 
details entity wise and all he can provide it to you. 
S Ranganathan: 
More than happy to take it offline, but as Rashesh did talk about it, it is all kinds of 
instruments largely derivatives and all those gets reevaluate periodically and this is the net 
result of all of that. 
Saket Lohia: 
Fair enough Sir, I will take it offline on that. Second, in the distribution of earning across 
business in your presentation, you have mentioned BMU and corporate heading wherein we 
have provided for some loss, could you please explain on that thing, because all your 
businesses has been in the profit except the insurance part and in this simple heading BMU 
and corporate you have $20 million as loss in the slide 14? 
Rashesh Shah: 
That is an important question, because this is the last part that we need to clean up, so what 
has happened in the last two years as the liquidity crisis became more stronger, as you know 
we have been holding excess liquidity and some of the excess liquidity, we are holding it at 
a group level and we have also borrowed money at a group level just for emergencies and 
all that, a lot of this is also resulting in an earnings drag and I think my estimate has been 
that we hold about Rs.3,000 Crores to Rs.4,000 Crores of excess cash in the balance 
management unit and all and there is a earnings drag on that. Second, because we borrowed 
money in anticipation of this equity raise that we wanted to do sometime ago, so part of this 
what we have borrowed will get repaid as we get the PAG deal close and Rs.2,000 Crores 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 10 of 19 
of equity comes in, so we had borrowed money just to be on the safe side and provide 
liquidity, but our idea was to replace it with equity which is where we have done the PAG 
deal, as I said earlier, Rs.2,000 Crores effective equity raise will itself help us reduce 
interest cost at the corporate level by Rs.250 Crores and the other is as we have been 
making the business is more independent, there was a lot of cost at the center, because the 
center was also providing lot of services , a lot of that also we have started to unwind as we 
made the businesses more independent, so we expect that BMU and corporate once we 
close the PAG deal should become break even and that is how it should be, but for the last 
two years, we have been holding a lot of our excess liquidity, we have been borrowing extra 
through structured mezzanine funding and all to just make sure at any point, we have a 
couple of Rs.1,000 Crores at a group level available so that we can cater to needs of any of 
the group entity and that was something if you remember about a year ago or so we say that 
we will continue to do that just to provide a liquidity backstop because unlike a lot of other 
corporate groups, we are not a business house, so we do not have any group treasury or 
group other businesses to be there, so EFSL, the holding company and corporate center has 
to provide for that and we took that at an abundant caution, it has cost us profitability and 
my estimate is that currently we have about Rs.400 Crores of cost at the BMU level which 
is being incurred for all these, which should go away once we close the PAG deal and 
basically rationalize the structure and that should allow us to get to break even at the BMU 
level, because the other businesses are now in a fairly healthy place, the businesses have got 
to decent stage, now we have to make sure the BMU and corporate also get there. 
Saket Lohia: 
Thank you so much for answering these queries. I would only request one thing, your 
presentation is quite detail, but if at all small, small notes could be provided on these 
important loss aspect or impairment aspect just like in results we have Rs.400 Crores of fair 
value changes and as an analyst we have to understand what exactly it is, it is major part of 
the overall revenue if we see, so all these will help the understanding and having a better 
understanding as well. 
Rashesh Shah: 
Absolutely I think a lot of this feedback is helpful and a lot of details we have given in the 
presentation has come out of the feedback only, because we are also in a transition phase, 
earlier people saw Edelweiss Financial Services as an operating company, but the fact is 
that we are clutch of businesses and all these other underlying entities and unlike bank 
which is one entity, which is everything consolidated and in that, EFSL has no operating 
activity, but we have all these underlying businesses so lot of this fair value changes may 
happen in ARC, may happen in the NBFC and all, so how much detail at an entity level we 
should give is what we are trying to also workout, so any feedback on that will be 
important, because this is not at one company level, this is an aggregation of eight or nine 
underlying entities. 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Saket Lohia: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aditya Jain from Citi Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Jain: 
Total stock of provision, we disclosed in the last quarter across stage one, stage two, stage 
three was Rs.909 Crores, so where is that now, how much of that would you call as the 
buffer, how has the buffer being used, if you could just talk about that? 
Rashesh Shah: 
SR, do you want to answer that? 
S Ranganathan: 
The total provision today stands at about Rs.1,000 Crores, Rs.909 Crores that you are 
talking about, today stands at Rs.1,041 Crores. 
Rashesh Shah: 
And again Aditya as we earlier said I think for us provisioning is not the only think we look 
at, we now look at total impairment and one of the things we all have to get use to is the 
Ind-AS especially on the wholesale side, on the retail side still the provisioning and the 
impairment fairly overlaps with each other, because it works at a portfolio level. At a 
wholesale level, it works at a very account by account, it is a very idiosyncratic kind of 
behavior, so as I said last year, we took a fairly big impairment and what we look at is 
impairment, so we do not look at only provisioning, because provisioning is only one part 
of that, because only those accounts which are NPA, but there are lot of accounts where we 
have marked down, we have sold to ARC, we have taken the impairment, so for us 
impairment is a lot, lot more important than just the provisioning, so if you want maybe 
Ramya and SR can organize meeting with our NBFC team who can give you details on how 
to understand the provisioning and the impairment part of this. 
Aditya Jain: 
Secondly on the wholesale book fell down, you mentioned at one place in the presentation, 
another Rs.2,000 Crores will be sold down, could you talk about how much additional 
provisions are we still carrying and what is our expectation of hair cuts on buffer provisions 
that we have are they enough? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Again on a wholesale book what we did in the last two quarters, we think we have marked 
the impairment as required, so even when we want to sell there would not be any additional 
impairment, we will have to take for the selling part of it. There are some accounts where 
COVID related movement will happen, some accounts which are individual accounts, but 
we do not think those will be significant numbers, because we anyway have expect to 
provide about Rs.400 Crores odd on the wholesale book every year, so I think it will remain 
in that range only may be Rs.100 Crores here and there, but a large part of the impairment 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 12 of 19 
that we have to take because of the last two years of slowdown and the accrued interest and 
all of that is what we have already taken is what I would estimate. 
Aditya Jain: 
Lastly on the real estate project which we lend to could you talk about the sales how they 
are versus pre-COVID level and how is the construction activity right now? 
Rashesh Shah: 
It is interesting that you asked that because we have all been very positively surprised how 
well the real estate market has been recovering especially in Mumbai and Maharashtra 
partly also because the stamp duty concession given by the government, partly was the pent 
up, partly it just this may be the behavioral economics part of it about people working from 
home and buying homes, but August, September and October have been phenomenally 
good in terms of sales and sales and project progress usually goes hand in hand. We have 
started seeing a lot of the projects which were stuck have found new developers who are 
showing interest to get them up the ground, some were stuck have started moving again, 
sales have started a lot of projects which were 80%, 90% completed but needed some sales 
to be done to get the last mile funding and all at least eight or nine projects we have seen 
some significant traction on sales on those kinds, so I think sales performance has been 
fairly good and if sales is good then usually project progress happens automatically, pricing 
is still slightly soft I think on an average pricing is about 8%, 10% below the pre-COVID 
times, but the volume uptake has been very, very strong. In fact it has been much stronger 
than we would have expected, I think August, September, October has been the best sales 
volume that we have seen in a lot of projects that we have seen in the last two years. Since 
2018 there has not been this kind of momentum and a lot of developers we talk to especially 
established developers they expect that by 2023, 2024 a lot of inventory will go away, so 
they need to start building inventory, so there is a lot of interest from established developers 
in brown field projects or projects which are stuck and all. So we remain optimistic. I think 
as the economy recovers I do think real estate will also lead the way, but important is to get 
the projects completed, which requires either a new developer and/or sales to happen and/or 
some last mile funding, but all three have got easier in the last three, four months. 
Aditya Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Jignesh Shial from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thanks for the opportunity. After a long time, now I am hearing very positive commentary 
from your side, so basically 2021 seems to be a consolidation year and then 2022 onwards 
we will be seeing a growth coming up, so do I know that this year is more or less we are 
going to concentrate, which are the areas that you started identifying for the growth, more 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 13 of 19 
importantly on the retail side and then on the wholesale side what could be the growth 
strategy that you are going to take it forward for the next year that is my first question? 
Rashesh Shah: 
I assume you are asking about credit, but we are seeing growth in other sectors also, so in 
credit I think retail as I said mortgages as well as MSME loans, we have started disbursing 
in this quarter again in a significant way, we were always disbursing but smaller amount, 
now we have started stepping upon that in fact Edelweiss Housing Finance is currently 
sitting on a liquidity of almost Rs.1,000 Crores. We have Rs.1,000 Crores of ample 
liquidity out there, but we want to be asset light and efficient, so we want to rotate that 
money, so we are originating but the old book we are selling down, because we are finding 
a lot of banks, we need to buy portfolios at the cost of 8%, 8.5% which is actually cheaper 
than our own borrowing cost, so rather than borrow and grow if you would rather sell down 
assets, so I think we are going towards an AUM concept on that side, but we are seeing a lot 
of traction on that, we invested a lot especially on MSME, on data analytics all of that and 
even in the last few months, we found even DSA partners who were earlier not as 
technologically agile, become very agile, thanks to COVID and all, so we remain optimistic 
on that. On wholesale credit, we will do it via the asset management format. As I said we 
raised Rs.6,600 Crores structured credit fund, we have Rs.10,000 Crores distressed credit 
fund out of which about two-thirds is invested, but almost Rs.3,000 Crores, Rs.3,500 Crores 
is dry powder on that, we also have real estate credit funds, where we still have about 
Rs.1,300 Crores, Rs.1,400 Crores of uninvested money in that, but as we have said in 
NBFC, the problem on wholesale credit is not just credit cost that you can take it and it will 
go through cycles and all that, but the problem is ALM and last two years we saw that the 
value destruction because of ALM management either by holding excess liquidity or raising 
expensive capital because things can be very uncertain on cash flow on the wholesale side 
and hence it should be run in an asset management format, so we are moving the wholesale 
credit business to asset management and we have been doing that, we have almost 
Rs.25,000 Crores of AUM in private credit space and we think a lot of the NBFCs and 
banks wherever long term structured flexible credit is requirement, whether it is distressed 
or structured or Holdco financing, a lot of that is very profitable, but should be done without 
an ALM risk and hence NBFCs will not be able to do it, but it should be done in a fund 
format. So wholesale we see growth, we have just closed a fund and we expect to we 
already see a good pipeline. In our asset management business, we have done four or five 
deals in the last couple of months and we expect to keep on deploying money on good 
quality credit opportunities in our asset management business on the wholesale side. 
Outside of that as I said last one year, the AUM of asset management has doubled 100% 
growth in one year and I think in between all this NBFC noise, a lot of this has got drowned 
away and same thing on the wealth management, we are still seeing 25%, 30% AUA 
growth and as you know with all these COVID and all, I think the entire wealth 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 14 of 19 
management space is doing well plus with now PAG as a partner, we have lot of capital 
available in that business which will also allow us to scale that up and insurance also has 
been doing well. So we remain optimistic. If you look at the last two years, the only part of 
Edelweiss that took a lot of attention away was the wholesale credit business. Now there we 
have reduced the book, we have increased liquidity, we have taken impairment, we have 
done all that was required to be done and that opportunity is now going to be captured in an 
asset management format, so will not present any balance sheet and P&L risk to us. So I 
think a lot of hard work has been done, we need another couple of quarters of just being 
focused on all these but given where we are on liquidity and how the businesses have been 
strengthening, I remain optimistic. 
Jignesh Shial: 
My second question is you have already mentioned that the overall liability franchise right 
for Edelweiss has been improving now, we are re-negotiating rates and all, so overall if you 
can throw some more light over this and more appropriately what kind of, because we had 
already seen opex advantages are coming in, so what kind of margin advantage which you 
will see, the cost of fund advantage we can see, probably not immediately, but over a period 
of next three or four quarters or probably down the line what kind of advantages will be 
coming up, so if you can throw some light and the thirdly and lastly what kind of ROA 
profile for Edelweiss you are seeing it up a bit to a long period of time, so if you can… 
Rashesh Shah: 
From the first one as I said our cost of borrowing in the last two years has gone up by 
almost 100-basis points so that and as you know interest rates have come down in the same 
time, so ideally it should come back we have also reduced utilization of commercial paper, 
we have done more long term borrowing, we have made our ALM very positive, so we 
have more longer term liabilities than assets in that sense, so all these has resulted in 
increased cost of fund, as things normalize and as we become comfortable, we will not take 
risk on this, but we do think that getting – because in the same time that our cost has gone 
up by 100-basis point, the actual interest rates have come down by 200-basis point, there is 
almost 300-basis point delta that has impacted us, so we do not expect to claw back the 
entire 300, but if you can claw back 100-basis point that is equal to Rs.300 Crores of saving 
on interest cost and as I said the equity we are raising another Rs.2,000 Crores when we 
close the PAG deal will also result in interest cost saving because we are not going to use 
that for anything else but repay the loans which are already there will also save. So I think 
in the next one year, if you can save about 500 to 600 cost of interest both by deduction of 
rate and by this equity raise that happens that will improve the profitability further and 
along with that I think we do feel that the markets are improving as we are also reducing 
our borrowing, the borrowing efficiency will improve, so I would focus on that. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Roughly what kind of ROA trajectory we will be seeing? 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Rashesh Shah: 
For Edelweiss, there will be no because Edelweiss is a combination of all these businesses, 
there is no concept of ROA on asset management or wealth management or the insurance. 
Our ARC has been working on ROA of about 5% to 8%, but obviously it is not geared very 
much, but ARC can make between 5% to 8% ROA that is what you will see in the investor 
presentation also. I think our retail and MSME credit mortgages will aim between 1.5% to 
2.5% ROA which will be a combination of balance sheet plus the sell down which we do, 
but we do think getting to about 2% average ROA on the retail credit opportunities that we 
are pursuing should be possible, but not being very heavily geared, so we will not be geared 
more than three, four times, so we do expect that ROE on the credit business should 
stabilize at about 12%, 13% plus whatever you can make via cross sell and all and over and 
above that is what we should aim for. So again credit will be only about one-fourth or one-
fifth of Edelweiss, we have asset management, wealth management, insurance, ARC all 
these also and increasingly last two years, we were seen as an NBFC, Edelweiss Financial 
Services became seen as an NBFC, but we are much more than NBFC, NBFC is the 
business we have, but we also have some very robust businesses outside of NBFC business 
also and I think our idea would be to constantly articulate that and communicate that and 
showcase that to all investors. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thanks for this and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We have next question from the line of Vivek from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek: 
Good evening Sir. This is Vivek here. I hope you are all well Sir. Couple of questions, one 
on the asset side and couple of liability side, on the asset side, it is good to know that there 
is good momentum in the real estate sector, I just wanted to know in terms of whether you 
can quantify for our portfolio, ECL finance portfolio what percentage of projects will have 
in OC or expected high level of completion over the next six months so that we can see cash 
flow from there? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Our current wholesale book is such because wherever we had which were not late stage 
project, early stage projects and all, a lot of them we have either as you know we sold it to 
funds in the last two years, we did a deal with Meritz and then we did one deal with SSG 
and Farallon Capital recently plus we have sold some accounts to ARC, because we have 
found that debt is where you could actually restructure the projects, getting a new 
developer, because those projects as you very correctly said, the project which are in the 
earlier stages need some handling, projects which were in the later stage needed last mile 
funding and sale support, so I think a lot of the accounts under NBFC today we have should 
be getting to closure, they are still some early stage accounts are there and there are some 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 16 of 19 
accounts where the project is there, but the collateral is that project plus the phase 2, phase 3 
also so you might very often see phase 1 as close to completion, but phase 2 has to be 
started and for that also there is a equity required, so it varies from project to project, but 
our expectation is that we are not as dependent on cash flows because we have got our 
ALM fairly matched in a very conservative way, so as long as the ALM is matched and our 
book size is fairly small now, I do not think at best in a year the cash flow if at all projects 
gets delayed a little bit will be about Rs.500 Crores or Rs.1,000 Crores a year which we 
have already kept adequate liquidity. It does hurt profitability, but as I said we have been 
fairly conservative though we are recently seeing things are improving, so I think we go 
project by project, we have about 48 projects which are under watch that we closely 
monitor and this 48 projects I think we remain optimistic at least on 40, 42 of them that we 
have answer either a new developer or a new sales strategy or some last mile funding and 
all and a lot of this 48 projects already either in the ARC or in the fund and as I said, we 
want to increasingly do this in an asset management format, because we do think that our 
ability to recover, our ability to complete projects and all is high, because we come from 
ARC expertise also, so we should be able to complete the project. The problem last two 
years if you ask me what has worried me more was not recovery or cash flow from the 
project or the credit cost in a particular account, but it was more ALM risk because if three 
years take four years or five years we may still end making a good return, but your ALM 
goes for a toss and that has been a larger part of the problem because of that we had excess 
liquidity, we have to scramble to sell assets and put them in a fund structure so lot of the 
effort was to get the ALM risk and I think it is a larger structural problem, I think Vivek 
you understand this more than all of us, you have seen banking side, you have seen the 
mutual fund side, I think ALM risk is the hardest for a non-bank to manage and if you have 
the large business house up to a point you can manage it, but I think most and even what we 
see in the mutual fund, when the bond redemptions and all started creating a problem, it was 
an ALM risk ultimately. So I think the non-bank financial credit sector in India has to 
overcome this ALM problem, because there is no real lender of the last resort as RBIs for 
banks, for the bond market or for the NBFCs and hence I think NBFCs will have to now 
become more and more agile on the ALM side, at least on our side, Edelweiss we will 
remain more and more agile because having gone through this last two years we have learnt 
a lot, we have also understood how to do it and even if it comes at a cost of some 
profitability or some growth, I think ALM is going to be the most important part of how we 
manage the future. 
Vivek: 
I know you have been putting into place lot of initiatives like co-originations and I am sure 
that will bear fruit and second question is on the liability side, in terms of liquidity we know 
the group level, is it possible to share how much liquidity is there in ECL finance in 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 17 of 19 
particular, because I think that is the main borrowing entity and whether all the liabilities of 
ECSL has been redeemed? 
Rashesh Shah: 
If you see we have given entity wise liquidity also, if you see slide #22, ECL finance has 
got Rs.2,400 Crores of liquidity in fact ECL finance has excess liquidity, if you see on slide 
#22, we have also bought back bonds of almost Rs.500 Crores in this quarter, so we have 
started buying back bonds also, not long term bonds, because we do not want to really 
change the ALM, but any bond which is redeeming in the next one year to 18 months, we 
are happy to buy it back and we have been buying back, we have also disclosed it in the 
investor PPT and we have shown liquidity for lot of other entities also if I remember, we 
have liquidity in retail finance and housing finance of almost Rs.1,000 Crores, in our ARC 
also I think we have shown liquidity that we have, ARC has got Rs.670 Crores it is on slide 
#33, so we have given entity wise also, so you can add up to entity wise and then whatever 
is the balance is at a group level. So at a group level we have about Rs.1,500 Crores as I 
said we maintain Rs.1,500 Crores to Rs.2,000 Crores of liquidity and with this EWM deal 
getting close with PAG all that will come to the group including ECSL and all of that, so I 
think we remain comfortable both on equity and liquidity side because we have planned in 
advance and in April itself we started working on the stake sale in EWM at the start of 
COVID and we have gone through with it and is going as per schedule because our idea is 
to be comfortable on both liquidity and equity, so Rs.2,000 Crores will come to the group 
which is ECSL and the group entities and all these operating entities, they have enough 
liquidity as you can see in the presentation. If you need any more details will be happy to 
provide, but we have I think details against each of the entities has you go through the PPT. 
Vivek: 
Good luck and I hope real estate sales continues and I think we need it 
Rashesh Shah: 
As I said Vivek, for us I hope it improves and I do believe it will improve, but now the last 
part of heavy lifting is done so one year here and there in recovery may be Rs.500 Crores 
extra impairment here and there, it will not be a make or break for us, because NBFC today 
if you look at the value of Edelweiss, value of our wealth management business or asset 
management business or ARC business, our insurance businesses, our insurance broking 
business, our housing finance business and lot of that are intact, they are insulated from all 
these and ECL finance has enough liquidity, so to make sure that even if the real estate 
market takes some more time, because we have proactively done all these, we have also 
sold assets to AIFs and funds and ARCs and all so we have done this proactively, so we 
have holding power now, what we have done is at a cost to P&L, we have strengthen the 
balance sheet, but also built holding power. Two years ago a large part of Edelweiss value 
was seen in the NBFC and the ARC. Now in the last two years, the way wealth 
management, insurance, asset management all of them have grown we are truly diversified, 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 18 of 19 
so even if the wholesale credit book takes a longer time given that we have provided, we 
have more than ECL finance capital adequacy is about 23% now which is the highest it has 
ever been. In the history of ECL finance, these are the highest capital adequacy, we have 
ever had. So liquidity is ample, capital adequacy is ample, we have holding power, yes, we 
have to work on profitability now. 
Vivek: 
Thank you so much and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Jitu Panjabi from EM Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Jitu Panjabi: 
I wanted to ask in terms of the next six or nine months, are there any areas where you are 
working with equities stake reorganization coming up directionally? 
Rashesh Shah: 
Important one is that Edelweiss wealth management as you said our idea is that we 
complete the stake sale to PAG and make this business independent, we have been working 
on that and then eventually demerge and list this company and basically unlock the value 
for the shareholders, so we remain committed to doing that for the wealth management 
business. I think eventually our idea is that Edelweiss is very good at building businesses, 
but with this stakes sell and all has enough cash flow to do all the things that we need at a 
group level, so our focus will be unlocking value in the most tax efficient and the most 
efficient manner for the shareholders, because one of the good things about Edelweiss is 
even today more than 40% odd of the company is held by the management team, so 
everybody is incentivize to think like shareholder of the company and the best way to 
unlock shareholder value is to demerger or distribution of shares or dividend or buyback, 
we will continue to evaluate all those options in the most efficient way, but our idea is we 
can build businesses, we can get partners, we can release capital and then what to do with 
the capital either we can distribute it to the shareholders via shares and demerger and all or 
we can use it to invest in businesses, currently next two, three years, we do not think we 
will start any more business, all the current businesses we have got enough growth 
opportunities in front of them, so our effort in the next two to three years is to truly make 
Edelweiss diversified. As I said two years ago we became heavily concentrated as an NBFC 
as an ARC, NBFC and ARC contributed to almost 75% of our profits at that time, now 
obviously, our asset management, wealth management even the insurance businesses have 
grown, in fact if you see slide #7, the fee income has been very robust, so our management 
fee income has continued to be around Rs.400 Crores, used to be closer to Rs.500 Crores it 
is still Rs.400 Crores, so we do expect that Rs.1,500 Crores to Rs.2,000 Crores of fee 
income itself is more like an FMCG business, because this is fee income, this is not interest 
income and very NBFC dependent. So we truly have this fee income franchise also that we 

 
 
 
Edelweiss Financial Services 
November 02, 2020 
 
Page 19 of 19 
want to capitalize on, and we will continue to take feedback from the shareholders and do 
whatever is there to unlock values. So our focus remains on creating value, which we have 
shown even the EWM, deal with PAG you can see Edelweiss over the years has invested 
only Rs.300 Crores in that business and if our stake is worth Rs.4,000 Crores that is a fairly 
good value creation that we have achieved, same thing on asset management we invested 
only about couple of hundred Crores up till now. In ARC, we have invested only about 
Rs.400 Crores and our stake today at book value is worth more than Rs.1,300 Crores, so 
idea is that use a little bit of capital, lot of management skill set, build franchise and build 
good businesses and then partner with best in class partners and that is what we continue to 
do and after that how to unlock value we will be always open to suggestion, but we will 
think like the shareholders. So I think asset management can it also be spun off in a couple 
of years that should also be a possibility, can we do the same in insurance, we can do that, 
our idea is to build businesses and then unlock value in that. 
Jitu Panjabi: 
Thanks a lot. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Ramya Rajagopalan for closing comments. Over to you Madam. 
Ramya Rajagopalan: 
Thank you Bikram. Thanks to all of you who found the time to join us for our Q2 
conference call right in the midst of busy result season. We still have a long question queue 
but have to end because of time. Please contact me or my colleagues if you would like to 
discuss anything further or need more information and from all of us at Edelweiss, our very 
best wishes to you and your family for the holiday season. Thank you very much indeed. 
Rashesh Shah: 
Okay, everybody, thank you for being there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Thank you, Madam. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of 
Edelweiss Financial Services that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining 
with us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
