NA VA BHARA T VENTURES LIMITED 
NAVA BIIARAT CIIA\tBERS, RAJ BHAVAN ROAD, IIYDERABAD-500082,TELANGANA, INDIA 
NAVA BHARAT 
NBVISECTLI 55012020-21 
February 22, 2021 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5
111 Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: 'NBVENTURES' 
Dear Sirs, 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: '513023' I 'NBVENTURE' 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: Transcript of the Conference call with Investors. 
--oOo--
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call with Investors I Analysts held on 
February 9, 2021 on the operational and financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2020. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
for Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
VSN Raju 
Company Secretar 
& Vice President 
Encl: as above. 
Telephone :(040) 23403501, 23403540; Fax 080 6688 6121 
E-Mail : investorservices@nbv.in Website: www.nbventures.com 
Corporate Identity No.: L27101TG1972PLC001549 

ANALYST: 
MANAGEMENT: 
Moderator: 
Vishal Chandak: 
NAVA 
"Nava Bharat Ventures Limited Q3 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call" 
February 9, 2021 
C 
H 
0 
R 
NAVA BHARAT 
MR. VISHAL CHANDAK- EMKA Y GLOBAL FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MR. ASHWIN DEVINENI, CEO 
MR. GRK PRASAD, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. SULTAN A. BAIG, CFO 
MR. VSN RAJU, COMPANY SECRETARY & VICE PRESIDENT-
MR. NIKHIL DEVINENI, VICE PRESIDENT (COMMERCIAL) 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Nava Bharat Ventures Limited Q3 
FY2021 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Em kay Global Financial Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Chandak from Emkay Global Financial 
Services Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Thank you very much Suraj and a very good morning to everyone and welcome to Q3 FY 2021 
Earnings call for Nava Bharat Ventures. On behalf of the management, I welcome you all. I 
thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host this call. Without much ado, I hand 
over the floor to Mr. Ashwin Devineni for his opening remarks following which we will have 
the Q&A session. Over to you Sir! 
Page 1 of9 

Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderat01·: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Moderator·: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Februm:v 9, 2021 
Hello everyone. This is Ashwin Devineni, CEO ofNava Bharat Ventures. A very good morning 
and a warm welcome to all the participants. The statement of the financial results both on the 
standalone and consolidated basis, and a press release detailing the operations of Nava Bharat 
Ventures Group for third quarter and 9 months ended December 31, 2020, have already been 
filed with the stock exchanges and posted on our website. I hope you had a look at them and 
trust that they provide adequate information on our performance for the quaJier and 9 months 
ended December 31, 2020. Given the above, we would now like to proceed with the question 
and answer session and request you all to seek clarifications as you may desire. Thank you very 
much. 
Thank you very much Sir. The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from EM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Good mornmg Sir and congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, I had two 
questions, firstly where are we on the Maamba receivables and secondly what is the 
progress in terms tariff negotiation, can you please update on the same? 
Mohit, with respect to Maamba, we entered into arbitration on outstanding receivables, which 
are upwards of $400 million .. We have a tribunal that has been formed and this process is 
currently on going. Now, on the tariff negotiation, which is essentially for the future, those 
discussions are also currently on the way between Maamba Collieries and the state utility 
ZESCO, so that is also progressing on a parallel track. 
What is the timeline we are looking? 
It is in the interest of both parties to conclude the negotiations as early as possible. Both the 
pa~iies are putting in their best efforts to discuss all matters and close it sooner rather than later. 
Unfotiunately with this whole COVID situation and the current situation in Zambia, which is 
pretty bad with the new South African strain, things have taken a toll in terms of timelines. We 
had to resoti to vitiual meeting, which is delaying the progress, 
Understood, Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Thank you very much, Sir. The next question is from the line of Devendra Pandey from DP 
Financial Services Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Page 2 of9 

NrWA 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Februwy 9, 2021 
Devcndra Pandey: 
I had three questions, my first question is that we have observed a good growth in our silica-
manganese business so what could be the reason behind it and can we expect this trend to 
continue for the next year? 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Yes, with respect to the silica-manganese, you rightly stated we have done well and a lot is 
owed to the exp011 market yielding well. We are concentrating on the exp011 market in Q4. The 
other reason is due to the advanced planning and procurement of manganese ore, which has 
given us an edge in terms of increased margins. 
Dcvendra Pandey: 
And would this continue for the next 2 to 3 years? 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Right now the demand is there. Our books are saturated for the next 3 months, we are seeing a 
fair bit of demand, but I would like to probably bring in Nikhil to add something. 
Nikhil Devineni: 
The steel market has shown improvement in qua11er four and toward the end of qum1er three 
even silica-manganese rates have increased quite drastically, which we feel have stabilized now 
in this quarter. As Mr. Ashwin pointed out, in quarter four we are completely overbooked in 
terms of our production and sales and we hope that this trend would continue given the forecast 
in terms of the growth in GOP and so on. 
Devend1·a Pandey: 
Any progress on utilizing the ready assets for power business and improving the merchant sale? 
Ashwin Devineni: 
In Odisha we have 60 megawatt and in Paloncha we have about 150 megawatt that is currently 
idle. On the Paloncha side, yes, we are currently awaiting open access clearance. There have 
been interested parties that have wanted to join the group captive scheme and offtake power 
from us, so we are currently awaiting open access clearance. On the 60 megawatt in Odisha, we 
want to put that under group captive scheme, but unf011unately it is entangled in some legal 
regulatory challenges, which were currently unwinding. Once those are resolved I think we will 
be able to offtake power to end customers. 
Devendm Pandey: 
My last question would be on our deal with Tata steel, so what is the EBITDA currently we are 
generating through this deal on annual basis with Tata steel? 
Sultan Baig: 
Good morning, in Tata steel agreement, we have an arrangement for which we get fixed price 
for metric tonne produced, and the margin varies depending upon the market fluctuations. Last 
Page 3 of9 

Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
February 9, 2021 
the margin improves Tata has been sharing the higher profits with the conversion partners so 
currently we are at about Rs.2000 per metric tonne margin with the Tata Steel. 
Devendra Pandey: 
So, should we expect that it would generate steady cash flow in the future, or would it be 
lumpy? 
Sultan Baig: 
Yes, our conversion agreement with Tata steel has been extended till March 2025, so we expect 
steady revenue and cash flows from Odisha Tata steel conversion for the next 4 years. 
Devendra Pandey: 
Thanks for answering my question. I will join the queue if I have any further question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sameer Joshi an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Joshi: 
Sultan Baig: 
Sameer Joshi: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
I have two questions, what is the average cost of debt currently, and second is on the capacity 
utilization across the products in Q3 and how do we foresee the final prices of products going 
ahead, thanks? 
The Company has been utilizing very low working capital only for the non-fund limits for 
which the cost of debt is very less. On the long-term front, we have only one loan from ICICI, 
for which we are entering into a forex swap arrangement, which will bring our overall cost of 
debt on this loan to about 5%.We have been utilizing full capacity and there has been no 
disruptions in the capacity utilization. 
And how do we foresee the product pricing going ahead for our products like manganese? 
For the ferro-chrome production, it is a fairly standard process where we have a conversion 
agreement with Tata's and the product we produce is marketed by them. So for this product we 
are well aware of what margins we will get. We are looking at around Rs.2000 per metric tonne. 
When it comes to silica-manganese, it is a whole different game where we are in charge of the 
marketing and this is conducive to any market fluctuations based on demand and supply 
scenario. So it could be hard to put the number to it. However, as I said before, in quarter four 
we are seeing a huge uptake in silica-manganese prices and if the trend continues going 
forward, which we hope, given all the indicators from the economy, silica-manganese prices 
also should yield good results. 
Page4of9 

Moderatot·: 
Samil Surendran: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Samil Surendran: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Vishal Chandak: 
Ashvdn Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
F'ebrztal:J! 9, 2021 
Thank you very much. The next question 1s from the line of Samil Surendran from Argus 
Media. Please go ahead. 
My question is a follow-up on the ferro-alloy dispense section, what would be your sales 
projection for the fourth quarter and the full year given that we are seeing a sequential rise in 
sales in silicomanganese? 
Mr. Samil, I would not be able to give you projections in terms of sales realization. As per our 
capacity, we produce 27000 metric tonne every qumier, and fortunately for quarter four the 
demand has been extremely good. All our stocks are booked already. 
In terms of demand from the steel industry, do you see demand reaching pre-COVID levels 
now? 
We have already started to see that trend where demand. and prices have reached pre-COVID.As 
we speak our current steel production stands at 1 I I million tonne and the national steel policy 
envisage that India steel production would rise to 300 million tonne in 2030. So this poses a 
huge demand situation for silico-manganese. Furthermore, I think the per capita steel 
consumption of India is only 74 kg when you compare that with the world consumption, it is 
close to 200 kg. It poses a huge demand uptake for silico-manganese and other alloys related to 
steel. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Vishal Chandak from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
This is in respect to this arbitration that we have right now. Assuming that we do win this $400 
million, what are receivables, which is due? How do we plan to monetize this or at least recover 
this? Does the counter party have that kind of resources available with them or we would be 
seeking lane to the coal mine? How do you plan to recover this money even if we win this 
arbitration? 
In terms of the arbitration, given that the process is currently underway, I do not think we would 
want to comment at this stage in terms of recoverability and how we plan on doing so. 
Page 5 of9 

Vishal Chandak: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vishal Chandak: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vishal Chandak: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Venture.<,' Limited 
Februwy 9, 2021 
We had also discussed about opening the other side of the mine for commercial coal mining and 
you mentioned last time that some progress has already been made. If you could kindly update 
us on where we are \Vith respect to that side of the coal mining? 
So the one business that has been doing fairly well in Zambia is the coal mining business. It is 
fairly profitable and provides our company with of liquidity and cash. We have seen quarter by 
quarter the sales realization and the quantities have increased. As you rightly said, we opened up 
another pit called the Kanzinze pit, which is on the left hand side of the concession area and 
coal extraction from the pit has commenced with that we hope to see increase in sales quantities 
owing to the pit producing very high grade quality coal for sales. 
In the new pit, what kind of caloric value and ash content are we have in that particular mine? 
It does vary. Right now, I think the coal that we are extracting is about 5500 GC, ash always 
varies. Generally, the ash content in Zambian coal is high, but we restrict it to below 40% ash. 
That 40% is post washing or pre-washing? 
That is pre-washing. I am talking about raw coal. The run off mine coal. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Vijay P an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead 
My question is regarding the asset monetization plans ofNava Bharat. We have four land banks 
Nacharam in Hyderabad some 50 acres, Kakinada some 200 acres, Samalkot some 20 acres and 
the sugar plant with capacity of 5000 tonnes per day, which has come on the market now. First 
three have been talked about for a long time, but there is no progress? Please correct my figures 
if they are wrong as far as the acres that I have mentioned. Can you please give us updates on 
the plans on asset monetization, for which investors are waiting for a long time? 
Let me start off with the sugar plant. As you rightly said, we are disposing off the assets since 
we have stopped running our sugar operations and we are currently in the process of evaluating 
bids and which will be concluded shortly. We also have about 100 acres of semi urban land in 
Samalkot adjoining the sugar plant. So currently, we are evaluating opportunities of developing 
that land. In terms of Nacharam, it is under a court process. We are awaiting a court order and 
the com1 process is currently ongoing, but what we do see is with the government change and 
Page6of9 

Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Februm:Ji 9, 2021 
the policy shift, the Nacharam land value has increased and once the legal process is out of the 
way, we should be able to monetize it and benefit from the increase in prices. Last, but not the 
least you did mention the Damavaram piece of land, which is near the Kakinada Port. We are 
currently looking at a couple of different vetiicals in food processing and so on, which could be 
utilized to use that land rather than just outright sale. We are looking at using that land for 
expanding in other verticals. 
The Damavaram land is 200 acres? 
Yes the Damavaram land is 200 acres. 
My next question is about the ferro alloy market? You just made a statement that you are fully 
booked for this quarter and the market is booming. If you look at history of the company, there 
has been no expansion in the ferro alloy plants for almost 15 to 20 years, so what are the 
company's plans to meet the expanding ferro alloy market, since India is going to touch 300 
million tonnes of steel? 
I think with respect to the ferro alloy market and expanston, we are pnvy of and always 
concentrate on to backward integration, that we are currently evaluating mining assets and we 
are about to acquire a mining asset in the Ivory Coast. Once we have our hand on the raw 
materials, then we will look at opportunities in terms of increasing our ferro alloy production. 
As you rightly pointed out, it is the time when ferro alloy is booming, but again we should 
always keep in mind that this is a cyclical industry. You will have your booms and times when 
prices are also at rock bottom, which is majority of the time. So one way to take advantage 
when prices are low is, as Mr. Ashwin pointed out, to backward integrate and have a firm 
control on input cost. So on account of this, we are looking at various options across the globe 
where we are trying to acquire mines with good grade of silico-manganese to produce for our 
factories. 
Currently there are no concrete plans for increasing the ferro alloy capacities from the current 
200,000 tonnes further? 
We first want to have some security over our core and then take up any expansion plans because 
right now even if we do expand, the procurement that we have is from various sources, for 
which the prices are based on index prices. So, there is not a big margin to be made on those 
Page 7 of9 

Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
February 9, 2021 
index prices, particularly when the sale price of silica-manganese is low. We feel that once we 
have input security, then we can look at expansion. 
My next question is about the plans for sugarcane plantation in Zambia? Is this plan still on or it 
has been abandoned? 
We have a couple of hectares already planted with sugarcane. Unfortunately, that project is 
taking a little longer because there are ce1iain commitments from the government that needed to 
be fulfilled, such as basic infrastructure like roads, electricity and so on. So that has been put on 
hold for the time being until the government meets its commitments. In the interim, we are also 
testing out other crops that could possibly be grown there because it is a very large area of land. 
My last question is about the pharma initiatives in Singapore? Can you give us some brief on 
what is going on currently and what is the future of this business? 
So in terms of the health care division, it is basically fragmented into two verticals. One is we 
have clinics, which is a delivery point for intravenous iron and other services. We also have 
pharmaceutical distribution wing, which distributes a lot of these drugs and we have exclusive 
distribution rights for high dosage intravenous iron drugs both in Singapore and in Malaysia. 
Things have been growing very well on the Malaysian side. Our top line has increased 
significantly. So that looks to be promising and we plan on bringing in other drugs into the 
distribution wing. On the clinic side, that has done well and we are looking at expanding within 
Singapore. 
Will this business generate any profits this quarter? 
The clinic has just broken even and now that we are going to expand, we hope that it will 
generate profits sooner rather than later. But it is going to take a little more time for the 
distribution side of things and COVID definitely has not helped because it has prevented our 
representatives from meeting the doctors. So it is going to take a little longer, but we hope that 
this will be profitable soon. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of M Sriniva Rao an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Page 8 of9 

M Sriniva Rao: 
Sultan Baig: 
M Sriniva Rao: 
Moderator: 
Vishal Chandak: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
February 9, 2021 
How much is the amount admitted for arbitration with regard to MCL and is there any further 
addition of outstanding amount from MCL in the current quarter? If so what happens to that 
amount? 
Arbitration is for the outstanding of arrears, which are outstanding since the beginning of the 
term, so the amount may vary depending on the time of the arbitration or the hearing of the 
arbitration. We cannot confirm what is the exact amount that will be negotiated. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Vishal Chandak for closing remarks. Over to you Sir. 
Thank you everyone for joining in on the call and asking these questions. I think we have all 
gathered the answers that we were looking for. In case of any other questions feel free to contact 
me or the investor relations. Thank you very much. I will hand over the floor to Mr. Ashwin for 
his closing remarks. Over to you Sir. 
Thank you everyone for your patiicipation in the call. I hope we have addressed all the queries 
adequately. As Vishal said, if there are any questions or clarifications that remain unanswered, 
please get back to us and we will be happy to provide answers on a wider investor platform. 
Thank you all once again. 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Em kay 
Global Financial Services Limited that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page9of9 
