 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Regd Office: A 18, First Floor, FIEE Complex, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase II, New Delhi - 110020 (India).  T +91 11 41610660 F+91 11 41610659 
 
 
 
 
February 22, 2021 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
MUMBAI 400 001 
The Manager 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
MUMBAI  400 051 
Code No. 522275 
Symbol: GET&D 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript - GE T&D India Limited Earnings Call for Investors held on February 17, 
2021 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Please find enclosed a copy of the Transcript of earnings conference call with analysts/ 
institutional investors held on February 17, 2021 in respect of unaudited financial results for 
the third quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2020. 
 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GE T&D India Limited 
 
 
Manoj Prasad Singh 
Company Secretary  
 
 
 
 
 
GE T&D India Limited
L31102DL1957PLC193993 
 
T-5 & T-6 , Plot I-14, Axis House,  
Jaypee Wishtown, sector-128,  
Noida-201304, Uttar Pradesh 
 
T +91 120 5021500 
F +91 120 5021501 
 
https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited 
MANOJ 
PRASAD 
SINGH
Digitally signed by MANOJ 
PRASAD SINGH
DN: cn=MANOJ PRASAD 
SINGH c=IN o=Personal
Reason: I am the author of this 
document
Location: 
Date: 2021-02-22 10:28+05:30

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“GE T&D India Limited Third Quarter Ended December 31, 
2020, Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PITAMBER SHIVNANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR – CFO 
MR. NAGESH TILWANI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. SANDEEP ZANZARIA – COMMERCIAL LEADER 
MR. MARIASUNDARAM ANTONY – PROJECT BUSINESS 
LEADER 
MR. MANOJ PRASAD SINGH – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MR. ANSHUL MADAAN – COMMUNICATIONS LEADER 
MR. SUNEEL MISHRA – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to GE T&D India Limited third quarter ended 
December 31, 2020, Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suneel Mishra – Head of Investor 
Relations, GE T&D India Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Suneel Mishra: 
Thank you, Lizanne. Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Afternoon. I wish everyone of you are safe. 
Welcome to today’s conference call with GE T&D India Limited Management team. As we 
know, this conference call has been organized to present and discuss financial results for the 
third quarter and nine months of the current financial year ended on December 31, 2020. 
Now, let me first introduce my Management team available on this call. We have with us Mr. 
Pitamber Shivnani – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, we have Mr. Sushil Kumar 
– CFO, Mr. Nagesh Tilwani who is our Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria who is our 
Commercial Leader. We also have with us Mr. Mariasundaram Antony who has replaced Mr. 
Shailesh Mishra as project business leader. Mr. Maria is a 21-year GE veteran and prior to GE, 
he worked with BHEL and TVS, so we Welcome onboard Mr. Maria on this call. We also have 
with us Mr. Manoj Prasad Singh, Company Secretary, and Mr. Anshul Madaan, 
Communications Leader. 
Please note that this conference call is scheduled up to 3:30 PM. I hope you would have received 
the investor analyst presentation and the same has been uploaded at our website . I hope you 
have also read the disclaimer as per Slide Number 2. I would now request Mr. Pitamber Shivnani 
to begin this conference call highlighting key events of the quarter. Thereafter, Mr. Maria and 
Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria will give us an update on operations and market, respectively, followed 
by Mr. Sushil Kumar who will be mainly speaking on financials. 
I now invite Mr. Shivnani to begin the conference with his opening remarks beginning with 
initial pages of the presentation. Over to Mr. Shivnani. 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
Thank you Suneel. Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Afternoon, thanks for joining the call. We hope 
you are doing well and are also keeping your family and loved ones healthy and safe. Likewise, 
safety and health of our employees and also our contract employees is also of paramount 
importance to us. We always stay a step ahead to ensure the well-being of our employees and 
this is reflected by the countless initiatives that we continue to take quarter-on-quarter besides 
keeping a never-ending vigil during the day-to-day operation at our plants on sites. Today, I 
would like to start with profoundly thanking our employees who have been serving on the 
forefront lines since the beginning of the pandemic days, right from ensuring timely fulfillment 
of customer commitment to ensuring round-the-clock support for utilities for maintaining the 
power equipment. Our team never rested for even a single day during the COVID times and I 
am happy to share that all our plants and sites are fully operational now. I am proud of a 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
meaningful progress the company made in Quarter-3 of Financial Year ’20-21. We have 
gathered good momentum and intend to build on it, but before we update you on Quarter-3 
results, I would like to share with you on a couple of announcements. 
First is about the appointment of Mahesh Palashikar on the Board as Chairman. Mahesh will 
assume the role of GE T&D Chairman effective March 1st and succeed Vishal Wanchoo who 
resigned from the Board upon assuming new responsibility with another company after retiring 
from GE. Mahesh is president of GE South Asia and Chairman of GE Power India Limited. The 
Board also co-opted Emanuel Bartolini on the Board of Company as Director with effect from 
March 1st over the date of allotment of Director identification number, whichever comes later. 
Emanuel is a global Chief Commercial Officer of GE’s grid solution business. Nagesh Tilwani 
who is a Whole-Time Director has resigned from the Board in view of the increased 
responsibilities within the GE Group. We are delighted to have both these gentlemen join GE 
T&D Board. They bring wealth of experience and deep knowledge from leading diverse set of 
business. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to Vishal Wanchoo and Nagesh 
Tilwani, their able leadership and wise counsel has always been highly appreciated by all the 
members of the Board. 
Coming back to Quarter-3 Results: 
As I mentioned earlier, we made good progress in all financial KPIs during the third quarter. We 
significantly improved our cash performance and profitability despite the still difficult macro-
environment though the growth in orders remained pressured primarily because of prevailing 
market condition due to pandemic, but the good news is that we were able to secure a deal with 
Nepal Electricity Authority for upgradation of three 400 kV GI substations in Nepal, which have 
a delivery timeline of 36 months. The three sub-station that GE T&D will upgrade are critical 
part of Nepal’s South Asia subregional economic cooperation, power transmission, and 
distribution project which is backed by funding from ADB and Nepal Government. Thanks to 
the magnificent performance by our team, we were able to reduce our net debt by 268 crores in 
Quarter-3, which reduced from 443 crores to 175 crores. Our sales during the quarter went up 
by 10% year-on-year to around 1034 crores. Our operating profit, profit before interest, 
exceptional items, and tax for the quarter stood at 64 crores against the operating loss of 31 
crores in quarter ended December ’19. This result is backed by the strong execution and 
numerous cost saving actions taken by our operation team. 
India is making great strides towards renewable energy generation and has committed to more 
than double its non-fossil fuel target to 450 Gigawatts by 2030. As a recent report released by 
the Institute of Energy, Economics, and Financial Analysis, this increased focus on renewable 
energy sector is set to bring investment to the tune of around $ 500 billion in India’s renewable 
sector. Out of this $ 500 billion, 150 billion investment is estimated for expanding and 
modernizing transmission and distribution. This will open a steady stream of evacuation 
opportunities for grid industry primarily driven by increased green energy capacity expansion of 
Central and State utilities growth in industrial sector and restructuring of ageing assets. We are 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
also expecting a growth of opportunities in our neighbouring countries like Nepal, Bhutan, and 
Sri Lanka as they are strengthening their power infrastructure. In fact a new development 
strategy recently unveiled by the Bangladesh Government as a part of ’20-21 to ‘25 development 
plan is targeting aggressively efforts and immediately providing required policy support to 
enhance energy generation from renewable. This reflects the growing seriousness of adapting 
green energy in South Asia region to decarbonize our plant and India is showing the way. With 
its proven delivery capabilities backed by world-class technology and strong manufacturing 
footprints in India, GE T&D is strongly positioned to collaborate with leading EPCs and utilities 
to strengthen the regions grid infrastructure to drive sustainable profitability and incremental 
revenues in this emerging market, our belief is selectively acquiring profitable business remains 
undeterred. 
We remain committed on delivering the projects timely and with a high quality by continuously 
strengthening our delivery capabilities. We leverage the first three quarters of Financial Year 
’20-21 to drive lean initiatives across organizations to improve our operations, cash collection, 
supply chain recovery all of which help us to deliver a better quarter in terms of profitability. 
Going ahead, we will continue to drive this optimization and improvements wherever required. 
Cash over revenue remains our mantra. Now, growth in order is also our mantra. I am confident 
that with these efforts will help us to perform better. Our order book remains healthy with 
backlog of 4900 crores, which is equivalent to roughly 1.5 years of company’s revenue. With 
that, I will turn it over to Maria to talk on operational highlights for Q3. 
Mariasundaram Antony: 
Thank you Pitamber. Good Afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen, it is my pleasure to really update 
you on the operations front which GE T&D did with our customers as well as internally. In terms 
of delivering for our customers, we continued on the momentum which we created on the two 
quarters of ’20-21 and on the third quarter, we had actually implemented, energized a 
commission project creating evacuation infrastructure solution for our customers across length 
and breadth of the country. Taking some of the projects which we have listed down here, we did 
actually commission a project of 400 KV/132 KV, air insulated switchgear in Tripura which is 
in Surajmaninagar and then we also did on something definitely big projects on the South with 
our KSCB customers in Kallur as well as in Brahmapuram, and then on the Westside we actually 
provided evacuation infrastructure for our customer Azure Power in Bikaner and on the East 
side we also commissioned projects in Dhamtari, Chhattisgarh, which is the 400 KV, 220 KV, 
33 KV, 315 mVA substation there, so we continued to really make impact in terms of creating 
evacuation infrastructure for our customers across the length and breadth of the country and the 
momentum continues and in talking about the internal operations, we continue to provide 
spotlight for all our factories in terms of every quarter and in Q3 of ’20-21, our spotlight was in 
our also Hosur plant where we actually manufacture world-class air insulated switchgears up to 
1200 KV voltage levels and this is one of the first manufacturing unit in the world to have 
designed and manufactured and supplied 1200 KV capacity CV transformer and what we really 
did there was to really provide I think our MD and CEO, Pitamber did a Gemba walk, spend 
time with the team to really I think drive the message around safety as well as quality, delivery, 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
and cost, and we continue to do that with all our factories and actually really thank the team 
which has really stood up during the tough time in terms of COVID and then provided the 
support for our whole overall business and for our customers. With that, I will give the mike to 
Mr. Sandeep. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thanks Maria and Good Afternoon everybody, so the market due to COVID scenario remained 
muted for the quarter and of course for the nine months as well. The TBCB projects which we 
were earlier expecting to happen in the last quarter September to December got delayed and now 
the five packages have been finalized that they have got finalized in this quarter. The market 
was down in terms of the finalization. State Electricity Boards have not yet picked up till now, 
but now we are seeing some traction at least happening in many of the States with new tenders 
being planned and few tenders have already been floated.  For the quarter we have booked an 
order for the company for about 695 crores and the total order intake for the nine months stood 
at 1677 crores. The major order for the quarter were Khimti what has already been talked about 
by Pitamber. This is basically three substations of 400 KV generation in Nepal and if you 
remember in the quarter before this, we had taken one more order of 400 KV GIS in Nepal. From 
Power Grid for hydro project. With these two projects, we will have a very strong base in Nepal. 
We also took an order for 400 and 220 KV GIS supplies from Techno Electric for the Sterlite 
TBCB project, so most of the Sterlite projects which have been done under TBCB, the base has 
been built by GE T&D only, so that is an additional step into reinforcing our base and of course 
our relationship with Techno Electric. We have also secured a main and a backup control center 
for remote operations of various transmission substations of HP. A large part of HP transmission 
system which includes 400 KV GIS, 245 KV GIS, and 132 KV GIS has been built by GE, so 
with this we will be reinforcing our presence into HP and this project was also funded by ADB. 
In the past few reactors for Lalitpur Power Generation Company and when they again require 
the reactors for the additional line to be put in, they turned to their reliable partners at GE T&D, 
so thanks and now I hand over to Sushil. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Thanks Sandeep, so moving to the last part on the financials, first talking about Quarter-3 
financial performance. During the quarter, we registered a revenue of 1034 crores, this is 10% 
higher than the corresponding quarter in the last year. Our earnings before interest, tax, and 
depreciation was at 57 crores, this was significantly better than last year where we had actually 
a 25 crores loss at this level and in terms of percentage, we improved from negative 2.7% to 
positive 5.6% of EBITDA, so this was possible by the increase in revenue as well as control over 
the cost that Pitamber mentioned in his communication. In addition to the EBITDA, we had 23 
crores of other income, I will actually call it as an operational as an income because this comes 
from the reversal of provisions of warranty or reversal of some of the tax provision, which are 
the operational items in nature. In addition to the 23 crores of other income, we had 26 crores of 
exceptional gains from the sale of one of the residential guest house property and net of the 
litigation method of one another property, so adding these two elements, we registered a profit 
before tax of 75 crores versus a loss of 50 crores in the last year. Moving to the nine month 
financials, our revenue was 2% higher than the last year. For the nine month period it is about 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
2550 crores. Again, on the same line, continuing the cost control , making operational 
improvement in the projects, the EBITDA was higher at 3.9% about 100 crores of EBITDA 
compared to about 1% EBITDA in the last year and including the other income and exceptional 
gains of this year, on a nine month basis we had a profit before tax of 62 crores against a loss of 
121 crores in the last year. Last year 121 crores loss as highlighted in the presentation also 
included 53 crores of exceptional impairment of one of the factory plant and machineries. 
I would like to highlight that current financial year performance of nine months also includes 
the Quarter-1 and Quarter-2, which were impacted by lockdowns and lack of activity, so we had 
to absorb cost for that period also in this financial year. Now other than the P&L performance, 
as Pitamber highlighted and in line with our earlier communication of cash over revenue and 
targeting a debt free situation for our company, we improved our debt position significantly and 
we came down by about 270 crores in the quarter. The end of September we had a net debt of 
440 crores and end of December, our net debt came to 175 crores. In addition to this position as 
you are seeing in the postal ballot that has been communicated and announcement made to the 
stock exchange, we are in agreement with another GE company to sell the non-core activity of 
engineering COE and that can also help us to realize further 87 crores from the sale of this non-
core activity and will help the reduction of debt further, so that was on the financial performance 
of P&L and cash. With that, we will open up for the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Hi Sir, Good Afternoon and congratulate on good set of performance, overall looking at the 
order intake which we have this quarter, so do you expect this momentum to continue and how 
are we placed in terms of L1 for the order intake in the next quarter and you can give some more 
outlook regarding the FY ’22 what are the large orders in the pipeline, we have been hearing 
about green energy corridor, so what is the status of that? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Basically, we are presently L1 in about 300 crores of packages out of which primarily we have 
three large packages of transformers and reactors of green energy corridor, which we will be 
getting the orders from Power Grid or maybe two orders we have already received two days 
back and one order we will be receiving by first week of March.  
Renjith Sivaram: 
Sir, if you can help us regarding the outlook like what are the major tenders in the offing, and 
which are the major states that are currently very active in terms of ordering, so how do you see 
the overall outlook? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Renjith, presently the traction what we are seeing is within few states like Orissa, Delhi, 
Rajasthan, Gujarat, Karnataka West Bengal. There the tenders which have started coming, so 
that is a good sign and I think with that we see further activity building up in other States as well, 
but yes in these States the tendering activity has already started. I think going forward we expect 
few more States like UP and Himachal also to catch up as well as Northeast and then Power Grid 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
is also expected to come up with few tenders of Northeast etc. We are expecting the commercial 
activity to now pickup, the lull which was there in last year due to COVID scenario, we expect 
to turnaround starting next quarter. The tender which have come in, the bids will be put in and 
then price will be open, so the activity will start from next quarter. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay any status on that HVDC order which was expected, which comes under the green energy 
corridor, what is the status there, is there any progress in terms of that? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No, as of today what we understand is that the Ministry of Power is working on finalizing the 
whole scheme, but still the tenders have not been planned. This year nothing is there, but we 
may expect these tenders to come sometime in next year. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Sir, lastly on the revenue and the order mix breakup in terms of central utility, State and private 
which we generally give if you can throw some quantitative details regarding that, Central, State, 
and private of order book and revenue? 
Sushil Kumar: 
I have the breakup of order book about 80% of the order book is from the private and the rest 
20% is from the Central and State utilities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Good Afternoon team and congratulations for decent performance, my first question is to 
understand first on the ordering side, what could be the broad opportunity from these 
neighboring countries because Nepal has been a good market for us in the last two quarters when 
domestic market was weak, so if you look at all these neighbouring countries what would be the 
addressable opportunity for the next 12-15 months for GE T&D India on this side? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Basically in Nepal they have multiple projects which have been planned, few of these projects 
have funding from Millennium Corporation as US grant. This is quite a large project in terms of 
substations and transmission lines and apart from that there is a project pipeline in Bangladesh 
as well. There is a good amount of pipeline somewhere between about 500 to 700 crores coming 
from these two countries in next 12 to 15 months. The only thing is that there are certain 
approvals which have to be given by the Nepal Parliament what we understand for the grant 
projects, but because of the political uncertainty, is slightly getting pushed, so otherwise the 
project have been conceived and the fundings have been kind of tied up but then the procedural 
part is still to be completed. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it, second if we look at the broad as in ordering have been modest, we have 4900 crores of 
backlog at the end of nine months and even its execution is modest the way you have seen in the 
last two quarters and the fourth quarter, can one expect that given the short cycle nature of the 
new order flows which are coming especially in the green energy corridor segment, the overall 
revenue book should be now back to close to FY ’19 levels which was closer to 4000 crores 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
levels, would that be a right assumption or you think that the execution timelines of new projects 
are not on the same page? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
The execution timelines for renewable projects, are shrinking like for example earlier 400 KV 
substation used to be like 24 to 30 months, but today the clients are demanding somewhere 
between 15 to 18 months. For products also , the execution timelines are shrinking as when EPC 
is getting an order for 15 months, so he is expecting the products to be delivered in six to eight 
months, so that is the scenario in the market and maybe for one or two excluding one product 
line, we are totally geared up to deliver these kind of requirements. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure, at least we do not anticipate in the production bottlenecks or capacity bottlenecks for 
transformers, reactors portfolio? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
I do not think there is any bottleneck on transformers and reactors, we have enough capacity 
available in the factory. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir, third question is to Sushil here, if you look at the overall average spend trend in the last 
couple of quarters, we have very well continued less than 100 crores on a quarterly basis and 
this quarter, A, are there any exceptional item in the other expense, some write back to foreign 
exchange because of which the number has been slightly lower sequentially and from a medium 
term perspective from a 12 to 15 months, should one broadly expect other expenses now to 
remain in this 100 crore range with a similar execution of thousand crores on a quarterly basis? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Other expenses do not include any reversal, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, reversals of 
operational items like warranty or tax provision or any other such reversal are a part of the 23 
crores other income, however, operationally as the Management, we will consider that as a part 
of operational item because whenever there is a corresponding charge that forms the part of other 
expense and then all of us as well as investors classify that as a part of the operational 
performance of the company. I will not give you any forward-looking number, yes, there will be 
some pockets where there will be increase because of the increased activity, there need to be 
travel and so on, but as you have seen in the last few quarters, our effort is to contain costs and 
offset from where we can save and Pitamber talked about lean, so that lean concept goes on not 
only in the cost of production, but of the organization, so it is not just the other expenses even 
the optimization of organization  strength, cost of production, everywhere we are targeting to 
maintain the cost or improve the cost so that we deliver better performances. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it, and one last question if I can add what is the update on the SL project, we have heard the 
project has started to move now, so what is the revenue execution timeline that we have in the 
mind and are there any likely revision in the project cost estimates or the order value from the 
new customer that are developing for us? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
We are in discussions with Adani on this and we have still not zeroed down on many things, so 
as soon as we zero down we will get the letter of intent from them. 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Renu Baid: 
Okay, but mostly the execution should begin somewhere in FY ’22 for us, first half? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
Yeah. 
Sushil Kumar: 
In terms of operational movement as mentioned in the notes to the accounts till last quarter all 
of us were awaiting the CVRC approval for the project to be transferred from the promoters or 
existing company to the new promoter which is Adani, now that approval has come and there is 
a traction on the project. 
Before moving to the next question, I would like to make a small correction to the earlier 
question that Renjith had asked, I will give the revised number for the order backlog. About 65% 
of the backlog is from the private segment, about 20% from the State and 15% from the Central 
utilities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question from the line of Bhavin Vithalni from SBI 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Thank you for the opportunity and good performance on the balance sheet front, my first 
question is on the announcement that has been made on the engineering division, would 
appreciate if you could give the thought process of the Management regarding the same? 
Sushil Kumar: 
This engineering division sale as clarified in the stock exchange announcement that we made, 
this division serves to the internal other GE grid entities across Europe and other territories, and 
generally they provide services on man hour basis and in fact we have two specific teams within 
the company one serving for the internal and the core projects for Indian customers and the rest 
providing captive services to the global entities. Now, globally the grid solution company at the 
GE Grid Paris level, they have a plan to expand the COE that they already have in the other 
entity in India and  to optimize on scale, have common tools and processes and make much more 
efficient services in place for the global engineering activity that the business needs. Because 
this was a non-core activity for GE T&D and the main purpose of this entity is to serve the 
customers with high voltage equipment, setting up the substations, it was decided to exit from 
this activity and realize the value which will then help us to reduce the debt of the company also. 
Bhavin Vithalni: 
So this is actually not in line what we see in the other entity which is listed entity GE Power, 
wherein the earnings call they clearly mentioned that the opportunity for the global engineering 
services will be part of that listed entity, so we are little surprised that why is it taken out private 
and that too at such a cheap valuation and moreover why are we minority investors not being 
given an opportunity to participate in that? 
Sushil Kumar: 
I will not be able to comment on the strategy of the other listed entity. In terms of valuation, it 
is a fair valuation done by the professionals who are renowned in the industry, it is a fair 
valuation done as per the profitability of this division and accordingly this price has been arrived 
at, so the minority shareholders will gain in terms of the value that comes to the company and 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
accordingly this will also help us to reduce the debt of the existing company. In addition, this 
business have had a bit more about the rational, there is no specific commitment or long-term 
commitment that we had from the global counterpart. The business had its own risks because 
this was non-core, we did not have exactly the kind of competencies that the customers may 
expect in the long term, so as a result looking at the overall situation and the immediate benefit 
that comes at a fair valuation by a professional company, the decision was taken to realize the 
value which is at the fair value. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Just a bookkeeping question, if you could help us with a few balance sheet details on the debtors, 
inventory, and payables or day sales also could be helpful, how they have changed over the last 
quarter? 
Sushil Kumar: 
I will say that most of the improvement in the balance sheet has come, the debt reduction has 
happened because of better performance of the working capital, so we have been able to improve 
our receivables versus the payables that we had, so with the pickup of the activity the payables 
have increased but we reduced the amount of receivables by about Rs. 100 crores and we also 
optimized the inventories which resulted into the improvement of cash flows of about 250 
crores. Now, in terms of days of sales of working capital, at present we have a working capital 
for about 680 crores and this represents about 80 days of revenue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move onto the next question from the line of Ashwini Kumar, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Kumar: 
Good Afternoon Sir, my question was that with intervention of more of renewable, there are two 
types of opportunities, one which will be for making new grids which are required to transmit 
from States where these renewable assets are being setup to States where the electricity is being 
transferred, that is one? Second is on the grid upgradation program, because grid within the 
State, the State grids and the Central grids, would they require any further investment and is that 
back ended or do you see that happening in the next two or three years, I just wanted to have 
your thought process on the same? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Basically when you have a power which is flowing from the States where the power is getting 
generated to the States where power is getting consumed, so where the power is getting 
consumed, there is an upgradation which is required in those States as well. Where the power is 
getting consumed because once power will come up then you need to have the infrastructure to 
receive that power and once that power comes into State then you have to transmit, if it is at 765 
kV then you have step down to 400 and then from 400 you have to step-down to 220 kV and all, 
so obviously whatever power is getting added, you need to build that infrastructure that is one. 
Second, yes, I agree that many of the assets which are quite old now, so that one eventually be 
coming for refurbishment or renovation, modernization, and in fact we have seen in many of the 
States selectively we are seeing this activity happening, but primarily it is more happening on 
the generation side rather than on the substation side. 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Ashwini Kumar: 
My question was basically you gave a number, Mr. Pitamber gave a number of $ 150 billion 
which is a longer term number for 475 reaching those levels of renewable capacity, so before 
that whatever we have set up and whatever we do, let us say we do 100,000 megawatts additional 
renewable capacity, so do we need to invest more in transmission in the next two or three years 
because this will not take four-five years or six years to build like a thermal power capacity, so 
does it require a very front ended kind of investment rather than as you explained rather than 36 
months, it could be 18 months, so are we seeing an investment in transmission required for 
incremental renewable capacity which will be coming up in the system now? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
If you see the present TBCB packages which we expect in the calendar year because of 
renewable energy evacuation itself will amount or somewhere around 250 to 270 million US 
dollars actually. 
Sushil Kumar: 
I think Ashwini one of the aspects what you have said is that whenever there is a new renewable 
project which is announced, so normally the timelines which is there for the project is close to 
about 21 months from the execution once the tariffs are given by the Government and parallelly 
your transmission system also takes around that much time to build, so once the projects are 
there, when the Government announces the project, so the process is when the Government 
announces the project and then a developer wins it and he decides to put in a project in one 
particular geography then he will go there and sign LTSA with the Government that okay  I am 
going to put, for example, 700 Megawatts capacity here in this and I would like to have a 
connectivity with this substation, which is the nearest substation so than the Government will 
define a timeline and based on that the investment and the transmission comes, so when Pitamber 
is saying is 450 Gigawatts, of course 450 Gigawatts, the target is to reach up till 2030, the only 
thing is yes it is going to be an incremental, but if today for example we are at 95 Gigawatts and 
if you have to reach 450 Gigawatts by 2030, so that will be requiring close to about 40-50 
Gigawatts in a year and today our capacity addition is like 10 to 15 Gigawatts in a year, so that 
would require a good amount of transmission investment as well. 
Ashwini Kumar: 
The only thing was that is it going to be quite front ended, let us say if you do 50 Gigawatts of 
investment in renewables in the next two years, the equivalent transmission infrastructure which 
you require within the State or the longer one, is it required in the same year in the same 
timeframe, do we see that happening in two or three years or is it back ended, that is what I was 
trying to understand? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
It is front ended because eventually what happens is that once the power will come then you will 
require the transmission system to evacuate that power, so you will require it front ended, but 
not back ended. 
Ashwini Kumar: 
Fantastic, thanks a lot and wish you all the best! 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thank you. 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move onto the next question from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Phillip 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Good Afternoon Gentlemen and congratulations on a great set of numbers, just some bit of 
bookkeeping questions from my side, so if you can highlight what has been the exports, we had 
about 350 crores at the end of the first half, what is that now at the end of nine months and added 
to that with this engineering business sort of going out I would presume that there was largely 
exports, so that 80 crores from next year will be nonrecurring, so to that extent we will have to 
adjust exports next year, is that understanding correct, that is the first question? 
Sushil Kumar: 
That understanding is correct, on a nine-month basis our order that we booked, within those 
orders about 51% of the orders are from export side and about 49 balance is from the domestic 
market. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
In the revenues, Sir? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Revenue, about 25% revenue is export and balance 75% of revenue is on the domestic side. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
The other part was if you can quantify the reversal that sitting in the other income this quarter, 
last year we did call out the various LDs and the warranty provisions that were part of the other 
expenses, so just wanted to see how much of that is actually getting return back now? 
Sushil Kumar: 
During the quarter, we had another income of about 23 crores, of this about 12 crores is coming 
from the warranty provision readjustment and about 6 to 7 crores is coming from the tax 
provision reversals and the balance is mostly on account of products and bad debt recoveries. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Got it and my last question was Sir this arithmetically seems that your order book is being 
reduced by about 150 crores because we had an order book of roughly 5350 at the end of Q2 and 
now we are seeing is 4900, if I add that 700 crores of order than net of the 1000 crores of revenue, 
I get somewhere close to 5050 as the order book, so if you can clarify about 3% of the opening 
order book was knocked off? 
Sushil Kumar: 
We have revenue of 1030 crores approximately and the order book is about 700 crores, which 
means that the backlog reduction should be in the range of 330 crores. In the beginning of the 
quarter we had a backlog of close to 5300 crores and reducing 330 crores from that will take us 
in the range of 4900 to 4950 crores, so not sure how you got. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Sir, there is no reduction in that, that is all I wanted to check? 
Sushil Kumar: 
That is about 40 to 50 crores of small value orders which got cancelled or adjusted for the price 
let us say, the exports order pricing adjusted due to Forex, but other than that mostly it is on 
account of higher execution, as I explained it is mostly the Delta between the new orders of 700 
crores and the revenue of 1030 crores. 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Got it, and lastly Sir if I can squeeze in one more, this 1030 crores revenue that you have 
executed, what some bit of this pent up as in some of it could have been missed from the first 
half that could be bunched up and just trying to understand whether this run rate would be 
replicable in the fourth quarter or this is in a way not during the year because of the weak 1H 
that we had? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Definitely, because there was a lockdown in the first quarter and many social distancing and 
other Government restrictions in the second quarter, so it includes a lot of catching up also for 
the previous two quarters, nonetheless, we will not be giving any forward-looking statement, but 
at the same time as Pitamber mentioned and Sandeep talked about the short cycle project, the 
effort is to execute on time, improve the first past yield, make on-time delivery better so that we 
execute revenue faster and as per the customer requirement in the future quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Kapoor from Goldstone Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Rahul Kapoor: 
If I look at the company’s performance at operational level and I am not talking about this 
quarter, but over eight or 10 quarters, the company has been reporting EBITDA margins of sub-
10%, even if one were to reverse what is written-off, given the stature of the company, I think 
this just reflects that there is little pricing power, do you see any changes in the marketplace 
which gives you this confidence that pricing power for the company and for the sector would 
come back and could report margins of excess of at least 12%-14%? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
Rahul, I think transmission is comparatively quite a competitive space in India and especially 
with of course you know now there is some embargo on the company from the neighbouring 
countries etc., but otherwise at one point of time I would say in terms of manufacturing there is 
an overcapacity in the country and of course with COVID situation etc. even the price was also 
not going up in the market, so it is not that we are into a buyers market and most of our customers 
being either the State Government or companies like Power Grid etc., so I think it is a very, it is 
quite a competitive scenario. 
Rahul Kapoor: 
You see the changing with the kind of capacities which are coming up on the renewable side, do 
you see that overall environment and plus probably maybe you can throw more light on it with 
restrictions on import from China, do you see margins for your company moving up at least 
12%-14% because operating at 5%-6% is extremely low margins? 
Pitamber Shivnani: 
No, but if you see even with bordering countries going out, the demand supply gap is still huge 
actually. The demand is less and supply is more even without neighbouring country factories in 
India, I will say competition is quite stiff in spite of that. 
Rahul Kapoor: 
Gross margins in this quarter was about 24% to 25% which almost are at the lower end of what 
I see in past couple of years, do you see the margin improving in the current quarter or with raw 
material prices in the quarter, prices moving up, it could be even lower in the ongoing quarter? 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Sushil Kumar: 
The quarter margin had impact of the mix, I mean the execution of low margin projects as well 
as the prolongation of some of the project sites which then increases the cost and the last being 
some impact of the commodity price increase, so given the significant quantum of commodity 
price increase, this remains one of the headwind for the short-term and that with the recent 
budget announcement and Government stepping in, hopefully, the prices will improve and 
company is also having its own strategy to mitigate this impact for the future quarter. 
Rahul Kapoor: 
Okay, one last point, this was just a suggestion from an accounting point of view that whatever 
provisions or whatever write-offs we take off in a quarter, if we just mention it by way of note, 
otherwise one has to wait at end of six months September or March to see the cash flow statement 
and understand what kind of write-offs and exceptional items were there, so whether it is 
provisioning or write back, both if it could be mentioned by way of note that would be very 
helpful in understanding the performance? 
Sushil Kumar: 
We will consider this suggestion, however, I would like to clarify that the exceptional items have 
been given in detail in the notes to the financials, other income as per Ind-AS does not necessarily 
require a disclosure, but we will consider this suggestion and try to have more visibility around 
this. 
Rahul Kapoor: 
Yeah, this note of net write-offs or write backs of bad debts, so that will be very helpful, thanks 
a lot. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Sure, we will consider that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Sir, if you can throw some clarity on your exports for the nine-month, what percentage of 
revenues were from exports and what is our outlook regarding the export opportunity that we 
have? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Renjith, I will maybe explain again because I mentioned in one of the answer to the previous 
question that for the nine-month period, our export was about 25% of the revenue and the 
domestic turnover was around 75% and I will ask Sandeep to explain now about the export 
opportunities that we foresee. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thanks Sushil, so basically as I said that of course from the neighbouring countries we are 
seeing, for example, Nepal, Bangladesh, also as the activity would be picking up in the other 
geographies of Africa etc. as our factories are supplying products there and Middle East, so yes 
we are looking at a stable market there as well and also we are trying to expand our presence in 
Sri Lanka as well where we have the national load dispatch centre which has been built by your 
company, so I think there we are also trying to expand our profile by adding more product supply 
to that geography, so we are also constantly focusing on export because of course what we have 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
seen in the COVID as the State Electricity Boards had actually reduced, so yes definitely there 
has been added focus on the export market as well. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay, Sir there is this, the commodity prices which are currently going up, so what percentage 
of our order book is fixed in nature and do you see margin getting impacted because of this what 
is the overall status on that? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Renjith, I do not have the exact number of the firm price orders versus variable price orders as 
of now, but as I mentioned in the earlier question, definitely it’s a headwind not only for us but 
across the industry, but with the recent Government announcement, we hope there will be 
correction in the prices also and we are internally having the different strategies to mitigate this 
impact in some shape and form, so we are working towards mitigation, it will be difficult to 
quantify the backlogs into fixed and variable as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Suneel Mishra for his closing comments. 
Suneel Mishra: 
Thank you Lizanne. Thank you everyone for your participation. With this, we conclude today’s 
conference call. In case you have any other questions, then please feel free to contact me or Mr. 
Anshul Madaan, who is our Communications Leader and the email ID is given at our website. So, 
thanks again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of GE T&D India Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
