Page 1 of 27 
 
 
“Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
Q3 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 03, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ABHISHEK MURARKA – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITIN CHUGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - UJJIVAN FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MRS. UPMA GOEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER- 
UJJIVAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT SINGH – HEAD OF MICRO BANKING AND 
RURAL BANKING - UJJIVAN SMALL FINANCE BANK 
MR. J. SRINIVAS MURTHY – HEAD LIABILITIES - 
UJJIVAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. MURLI MANOHAR - FINANCIAL PLANNING AND 
ANALYSIS - UJJIVAN SMALL FINANCE BANK 
MRS. SNEH THAKUR - HEAD 
OF CREDIT 
AND 
COLLECTIONS MICRO BANKING AND RURAL BANKING - 
UJJIVAN SMALL FINANCE BANK 
MR. DEEPAK KHETAN - HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
UJJIVAN SMALL FINANCE BANK 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 27 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ujjivan Small Finance Bank Q3 
FY2021 earnings conference call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder all 
participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abhishek Murarka from IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Abhishek Murarka: 
Thanks Steve. Good evening everyone and welcome to the Conference Call to discuss Q3 
results for Ujjivan Small Finance Bank. From the management team of the bank, we have 
Mr. Nitin Chugh - Managing Director and CEO, Mrs. Upma Goel - Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. J. Srinivas Murthy – Head Liabilities, Mr. Rajat Singh - Head – Micro Banking and 
Rural Banking, Mrs. Sneh Thakur - Head of Credit and Collections Micro Banking and 
Rural Banking, Mr. Murli Manohar, Financial Planning and Analysis, and Mr. Deepak 
Khetan - Head of Investor Relation. We will start with opening remarks and then open up 
the call for Q&A. I thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host the call. I 
will now hand over the call to Mr. Nitin Chugh. Over to you Nitin! 
Nitin Chugh: 
Thank you Abhishek. Good evening everybody and welcome to earnings call for this 
quarter for Q3. First of all I hope all of you and your family is safe and healthy and you 
have been keeping well. 
 
The way the New Year has started strongly with a lot of hope, we believe that the worse is 
indeed behind us and we really have only optimism taking this forward in the next financial 
year. Of course, the steady decline in the active cases and the massive vaccination drive 
going on in the country, I do believe that the pandemic would be thing of a past for us and 
hope we believe that we would necessarily trying to forget. I think it is also prudent and 
important to account for the damage that the pandemic has inflicted on us, both 
economically and health wise but at the same time we have to move forward with courage 
and optimism. Most importantly with a lot of determination. So our results as you would 
have seen reflect a very bold and yet a very calibrated position that we have decided to take. 
 
It is our firm conviction that we are back on our growth trajectory. We will talk a lot about 
that in detail but having taken kind of provisions as we have I think they are completely 
positioned to move forward from here and look at growing the book and business. I do not 
want to spend time on the macro outlook, I am sure you have heard enough versions from 
various agencies but in general we are looking at a very positive FY2022 and also 
continuing into the next few financial years but I do want to share with you that we have 
seen a similar kind of bounce back in our customers segment and I break it up by different 
customers categories also, now this is giving us a lot of confidence to grow the business, 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 27 
yes we had taken a cautious approach like we have mentioned in the previous earnings calls 
but now as things have started to return to normal and in most parts I think we have given 
ourselves the confidence to move forward in a way determinant manner. 
 
We were talking about preparing ourselves for the post-COVID environment. We 
mentioned that in lots of earnings call or the last three earnings call rather and we have also 
spoke about that in lot of investors conferences that we were using this time to prepare 
ourselves to be able to work more effectively and in a better manner after COVID gets over 
and all the things as we had worked on all the initiatives or digital thrust and several other 
things that we tried to do to open other efficiencies and cost efficiencies most importantly, 
they are all starting to bear fruit for us and that gives us even more confidence to move 
forward in this quarter and the next year.  
 
So coming to the customer segment, let us start with the MSME which was probably badly 
impacted in general. They faced liquidity issues and all kinds of other issues of cash flows 
etc., but the government backed schemes have obviously helped them and they have been 
able to revive and they are slowly coming back on their feet and we are seeing those signs 
which are translating into a good demand for credit which is in our case very clearly 
evidenced for the rise in the new logins which we have reported even the last time that our 
logins are back to pre-COVID levels. 
 
In micro banking, there is increased level of economic activity, we have shared with you 
earlier also that a lot of our customers are into the so-called essential services business or 
groceries etc., they were rather quick to come back but because of some lag in some parts 
because of various reasons either lack of transportation or otherwise or because of specific 
occupation led nuances, there are some segments in pockets which are lagging and that is 
reflection posturing in terms of provisions that we have taken in, in this quarter. We also 
believe that the massive vaccination drive is really going to help our customers especially in 
the segment of micro banking because they are all ones who are most exposed to any kind 
of health risk. 
 
In affordable housing, the demand actually came back towards the middle of Q2 and we 
saw that building up in Q3 and we do believe that the demand for affordable housing is 
going to sustain itself over the next few years. The recent announcement in the union 
budget also are reinforcing the government stand to support affordable housing and their 
agenda of housing for everyone by 2025 or whatever but from our point of view, we are 
extremely well prepared to handle that demand and we will ride that day for sure. This 
whole commentary from my side and I am sorry, I will  take a little more time because these 
results have to be explained a lot more in detail so we will keep a lot of time for question 
and answer also which we will be very happy to provide you. 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
Now, we will talk about business, our approach to restructuring and collections, philosophy 
behind taking the provisions or liabilities business, our digital strategy and finally also we 
will spend a minute on the IWG recommendation which got opened for public feedback to 
January 15. 
 
Coming to disbursements and new business, while in the initial months of the year because 
of the uncertainty we were very cautious with our disbursements and we did not book too 
much of new business; however, with improving on-ground situation we felt very confident 
to scale up and we have brought the focus back on growth. So while our loan book has seen 
a way marginal change over December 2019, 13,638 Crores probably 0.4% higher than 
what it was in December 2019 but a month-on-month disbursals have picked up really well 
and we have in setting up on the business from December onwards. So in December we 
actually grow almost 8% over December 2019 in terms of our disbursals and in January, we 
are now equal to pre-COVID levels what we were on January 2020. 
 
Just to give you a sense, we did 1285 Crores of disbursals in January 2021 and in January 
2020 we were at 1299 Crores, so, it is almost there. Importantly enough a lot of our 
businesses are also delivering the highest ever numbers which also improves a lot of other 
ratios for us in terms of productivity in efficiency which I will talk about. I think this whole 
momentum that we have picked up now with the business picking up in December and now 
carrying on into Q4, we strongly believe this momentum will continue for the rest of Q4 
and well into the next financial year for which we are extremely well prepared. 
 
Our collections on the loans that we have disbursed during this financial year April onwards 
is at a very high of 99.5 probably a shade better than what it was pre-COVID. Now that also 
indicates the robust quality of a new book we are building in this financial year. On the last 
call, I mentioned about logins that had reached a pre-COVID levels in MSME and housing 
now I can tell you that for all business verticals that is pretty much the same thing. In 
January, we did have a ever high disbursals in both MSME and housing loans in fact we 
also delivered with the highest ever productivity in MSME housing loans for the month of 
January 2021 and microfinance is completely back on track as far as pre-COVID levels are 
concerned. In fact in December we did more than December 2019 even in microfinance. 
 
So, for every asset business our disbursements are now showing Y-o-Y growth overall. 
December 2020 disbursements were up 8% like I mentioned earlier year-on-year and in 
January we were back to January 2020 levels. In micro banking we were taking a cautious 
view so we gradually opened up the new customer acquisition as you would remember one-
third of our on boarded customers every month pre-COVID were new acquisition and two-
third were repeat customers. However that number was only 5% till Q2 because we were 
very cautious with new acquisition. That number is now changed to 10% for Q3 and we are 
now gradually opening ourselves up to acquiring new customers also as things improves. 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 27 
We have also added 165+ money mitra outlets which is expanding our reach beyond 575 
branches. Also our tie up with Airtel Payment banks, we have got additional 7000+ touch 
points for our customers and in addition to Airtel we have now also tied with up PayNearby 
which you would know as almost 800-1000 outlets, now with all of this we believe our 
customers will have more access points and that is already reflecting in the amount of cash 
that we are handling now which is substantially lower because these points have been used 
for either to depositing repayments by customers themselves or by our own staff who 
collect from customers and then they go to the nearest point and deposit the cash there and 
we do not have to bring them back to our branches. 
 
In affordable housing, we continue to do well with disbursals as par with Q3 of FY2020 
180% higher than Q2 of FY2021, new case logins are now significantly higher than pre-
COVID. We have improved our internal processes by way of digitization and the focus on 
productivity is already at all time highest in affordable housing which also resulted into ever 
highest disbursement in this month of January and it continues to be a clear focus area for 
us into the next financial year and we are extremely bullish about the full business for the 
next year. 
 
In MSE though it was impacted, our disbursements grew about 145% over Q2 of FY2021, 
new case logins were already at pre-COVID levels but we have tightened our policies for 
which has affected our cautious posturing and the approval date for loan however January 
2021 disbursements have been highest ever like I mentioned earlier. Here again in MSE we 
have tied up for the Fintech for supply chain finance, the first set of loans we were able to 
sanction and disburse in the month of January and we do believe that partnerships like these 
are going to strongly supplement our growth which will come through these alternate 
channels. 
 
Now with also low cost of funds you might have noticed that in the investor deck the cost of 
funds have been coming down every quarter and again which is very well established now. 
We are keen to also deal with more formal segment rather than only the informal and the 
semiformal, so we are slightly shifting the product mix to bring in a slightly better quality 
on the book. These formal segment of customers are largely on the basis of balance sheet or 
its financial, GST details etc., and these could be customers like FMCG, stockiest, 
pharmacies, distributors, consignment or commission agents, etc. We have made a start 
there and we are also looking at expanding that segment on meaningful basis. 
 
We also disbursed 55 Crores under ECLGS scheme it is not much in our case we are doing 
that very carefully, we are not sure how it is going to play out after a year, so we were 
extremely cautious with that. However, this little bit of 55 Crores that we have done has 
also had an impact on our NIMs because this is at a fairly low yield as was described by the 
scheme itself. 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
The other thing which has come out very strongly for us is that now we are digitally on 
boarding all our customers in MSE and housing. We are scaling it up gradually, now this is 
going to help us in reducing our turnaround time to customers and we do aspire to be the 
best in the industry and is obviously going to free up a lot of bandwidth for us which will 
help us in growing our disbursements. We have seen a very good base for affordable 
housing and MSE business and I think it would continue to perform strongly and contribute 
even more meaningfully with an overall growth into coming years. This is also in line with 
our strategy of diversifying and that is the reason I am elaborating a lot more on affordable 
housing and MSE because these two businesses have now reached a level where we can 
now start scaling up with all the things that has already shared with you. 
 
On the institutional lending side, our FIG business it has been performing well in terms of 
portfolio quality with no overdue accounts during the pandemic. We are now focusing on 
better rated industries and it is expanding our range of products. Currently we do only term 
loans. We disburse 105 Crores during the quarter which is significantly higher than the 88 
Crores of Q3 FY2020. However, the book is holding at same level. We have cautiously 
decided to grow the book. However, we have also taken a call that we would start dealing 
with better entities even if it is at slightly lower margins. 
 
The other two verticals which we have on the assets side - vehicle financial and personal 
loans, still in the early stages of their business lifecycle and we do expect them to be 
meaningful contributors in the next two years to three years. Nevertheless business traction 
continues to be strong. Personal loan disbursement during the quarter was at par with Q3 
FY2020, vehicle loan disbursement on a very small base was 7 times compared to Q3 
FY2020 both of these will start showing higher traction from Q4 and for both these 
businesses we are using our own channels rather than depending on any high cost channel. 
Also trying to partner with whole lot of Fintech for alternate distribution but most 
importantly we are distributing this product across all our branches which is another thing 
that we did including the last six months to eight months by enabling all our branches to 
cross sell vehicle loan and personal loans. 
 
Here again like I mentioned, we have tightened with lot of Fintech for work flow 
digitization also which is already showing an impact in the reduction of turnaround time 
and freeing up of bandwidth at the back office for handling more volumes which has been 
made possible through very systematic and targeted ties for Fintech for workflow 
improvement for these little integration. We had also started a pilot in gold loan which is 
doing well, though it is very small set of numbers to share I mean not even probably not 
worth sharing but in any case we want to test it for some more time but we do see this as a 
potential growth area as we are learning this business scenario to people who will run this 
business. For the next financial year, this is going to be a meaningful product for us. 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
In summary, our growth areas would be affordable housing, MSE loans and the new 
businesses in addition to going back to our microfinance which is our core and the other 
businesses such as personal loans, vehicle loans and gold loans. We are also likely to be 
dealing with more A rated entities in our institutional lending business and a fair share of 
this growth would be made possible through our digital workflows, our processes, which 
we are automating systematically and are Fintech partnerships which will result in to far 
better efficiencies, low cost and increased levels of productivity across all our businesses. 
 
Just to highlight to you our productivity levels in both MSE and housing, for example, went 
up by 30% just over a period of two months that is the level of productivity and this is the 
highest ever that we looked over the lifecycle of this product. Our growth will also come 
from expanded distribution through new branches which we do plan to add next year and 
we have extended Fintech partnerships that we are now opening up rapidly. 
 
Now coming to collections and provisions - collections continue to trend upwards for us 
with overall collections efficiency at 94% in December 2020 and stabilizing at 92% in 
January 2021 taken into account the collections efficiency of 73% from the restructured set 
of accounts. I will talk about restructuring lot more in detail little later but it is also 
important to highlight there our collections lagged in Tamil Nadu because of the extended 
festival holidays in January and in Assam for the reasons we all are aware of and the 
collection efficiency in Assam has dropped by nearly 9% in January itself. 
 
As of December 2020, 94% of our customers are paying and 95% of the customers are 
paying EMI for the month of January 2021, so collection efficiency has really improved. 
The non-delinquent accounts showing from collection trends are moving towards to pre-
COVID levels or already at pre-COVID levels for most lines of businesses. The new book 
for this year like I mentioned earlier which is now 45% of our OSP in micro banking is 
already behaving at 99.5% for us collections efficiencies which implies that there is no 
incremental stress which is building up. We have shown a significant improvement in West 
Bengal which is one of the places that we were concerned about. The last time we discussed 
West Bengal, it has gone up to 92%. Maharashtra and Punjab are also now going towards 
90% mark. Assam obviously will continue to be bit of a wait and watch and we just hope 
that things do not deteriorate any further. When we are taking a lot of steps on the ground, 
trying to communicate and engage with our customers and wherever we have a chance to 
engage with a local authorities. The loan waiver announcement have derailed all kinds of 
possibilities there but it is also too important to once again highlight that Assam is only 3% 
of our portfolio. We have 364 Crores of an outstanding book as of December in Assam and 
we are not planning to growth that book at all right now till things improve. 
 
So, while we are closely monitoring all the stressed pockets / profession / customer segment 
based on our assessment of potential stress which again is based on our on ground 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 27 
interaction with our customers and a lot of mathematical modeling of expected stress - we 
have taken additional provision of 547 Crores in Q3. With this our book coverage is 
enhanced to 8% as on December 2020 from 3.4% as of September 2020. On the micro 
banking book the coverage would be 9.3%. We believe that we have taken this bold call by 
one acknowledging for the fact that it could take longer to resolve the impact on the 
portfolio and two, also to protect the P&L from any seen and unseen future damage and 
from here on now that you have taken these provisions upfront, we can focus on building 
back the business and the book without having to worry about the credit cost of course there 
is a lot that we will improve collections but our numbers in December and January do 
evident of fact that and all resolved that we are moving ahead and we are going to be 
growing the business back stating to the demand. 
 
I do again want to emphasize there our focus in FY2022 would be clearly on growth, we 
may not have to take of course we would have taken provision now we do not see the 
reason to take any more provisions though we endeavor in covering for our cost with 
efficient savings also, I think they have also been able to deliver strong PPOP of 4.3% 
which is 0.5% growth over Q3 of FY2020 and we do hope that this can continue now that 
we have taken the provisions. 
 
Now coming to the restructuring, starting October we initiated identification of customers 
and we engaged in extensive discussions followed by assessment of their repayment 
behavior and their cash flow at that point in time and now based on this exercise, we 
identified accounts which had to be restructured in our micro banking book. We took two 
approaches to the restructuring, one that we elongated the tenure and reduced the EMI for 
some borrowers and for some we gave them a moratorium or a repayment holiday for a 
month or two months. So under tenor elongation we reduced borrower EMIs after assessing 
the cash flows and elongated the tenure by maximum of 24 months from the original date of 
maturity. The interest for unpaid period has been capitalized. Customers who have availed 
the moratorium for one or more months were restructured by way of tenure extension by the 
number of EMIs unpaid. There is no change in the EMIs in that case. 
 
852 Crores or 8.5% of the micro banking book has been restructured. We really wanted to 
follow the policies that RBI came out with letter and spirit and we thought that it was a 
good way of also assisting our customers who we were in touch with and giving them more 
time, so it is also good thing to share with you know that we are seeing 73% collection 
efficiency from the restructured book already in January 2021 and we expect it to improve 
in the coming months, so we are happy that we took that decision, we are happy that we 
were able to assist our borrowers and we are also happy that we have done things exactly in 
line with what the RBI had described in both letter and spirit. So, what has been heartening 
for us is that there were a lot of customers who had not paid a single EMI since the 
moratorium starting in April and they did not pay till December and we did get a chance to 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 27 
examine that and restructure some of those customers and the balance obviously we 
continue to go through our collections effort but the ones the restructured 29% of those 
customers have also paid us in the month of January. Now this is very, very heartening for 
us because it does really bring out the whole hypothesis in a very clear manner that yes, 
these customers needed assistance, we have done that in a meaningful manner for them 
under the framework that RBI expect us to. 
 
For all the other retail assets we have identified the accounts again based on a conversations 
with customers, our data science and the repayment behavior during the moratorium and 
now we are in the process of communicating with the customers on the process 
implications, benefit, etc., and we do have time till March 31, to complete the activity 
which we will. I can also tell you now that the focus on collections would be stepped up 
further as much as focus on growing the book and customer base which I spoke a lot in my 
previous section and we will continue accelerating this well into the next financial year, I 
am sure you will have a lot of questions on this whole subject of restructuring and we will 
be again very happy to answer this. 
 
Now coming to liabilities, our overall deposits grew by 9% year-on-year, retail deposit 
which is where we have been focusing for the last one year have grown by 20% and CASA 
grew by 66% Y-o-Y which got us to a CASA ratio of nearly 18% for Q3. Now this is 
despite the rate cuts that we had done on the deposit rates in H1. We did not feel the need to 
reduce any further because our CASA mix has been improving. So on an overall basis the 
cost of funds have been coming down but I do want to highlight that we were able to 
replace a lot of high cost deposits at a significantly lower rate, now this is also in line with 
us strategy of building a granular and a stable retail franchise which is long term in nature 
and gives us the ability to cross sell and for that reason alone, we have enabled all our 
branches to cross sell all our asset products. 
 
Our customer acquisition remains strong. We mobilized 7.3 lakhs new deposit accounts 
approximately half of which were new-to-bank and we are witnessing a fair, a large 
improvement in our staff productivity and new customer acquisition. Our cost of deposits at 
7% declined 80 BPS from December 2019 and the cost of funds has therefore reduced to 
about 7.1. In fact for the month of January, it has dropped even below 7% for the first time. 
I am also happy to share with you that the whole ability that our reduced cost of funds gives 
us is helping us in making sure that we are able to price our assets appropriately and it is 
also been give us a lot of impetus in moving to more formal segments like the way we 
discussed on the asset side. 
 
So, we are confident about keeping of cost of funds under control and I think we will 
continue to benefit from improving retail and CASA base. You would remember that we 
had plans to take CASA ratio to 25% in three years’ time, I think we are not just on track, 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 27 
we are well ahead of our own milestones by getting to 18% in Q3 of this financial year. 
Again like I spoke about productivity in the assets businesses, we have put a lot of focussed   
effort in improving the same for liabilities businesses also. We have seen a significant 
improvement in lead generation, in participation of staff and lead generation even the non-
sales people generating a lot of leads and interact with customers, the quality of leads, the 
quality of accounts that we are opening and the kind of balances that we building and all of 
this is visible in our overall performance of branches also. 
 
We also witnessed improved assets cross sell from branches since we enabled them for all 
the assets during the year and this is going to continue and keep improving as the share of 
branches into the assets businesses adds to more cross sell. We are also focusing on higher 
variants in our liability side of the business. 
 
Now this gives us the ability to serve probably the higher end of the lower middle class or 
let us say the lower end of the middle class whichever you want to look at it but largely it is 
a senior citizens or customers who can maintain balances, so we are offering them the 
higher variants and that mix is also helping us in improving the average balances which 
came at 11,600 in December 2020 up from 10,600 in December 2019. 
 
Our salary accounts are showing very good traction. We are opening more than double the 
number of accounts like we were opening on an average last financial year and in December 
we have opened 9,000+ accounts, in January we did a lot better than that. Though currently 
small, the book is growing well with almost 3x increase Y-o-Y, both in terms of balance 
and salary uploads`. So we are also building a fairly good quality book on the salary side. 
We are also available on all form of digital payment platform and I am happy to share and 
this is as per NPCI data that we are in big industry dealer within SFBs in terms of usage of 
various platforms like e-commerce, PoS, UPI, IMPS, Off-us ATM transaction etc., by a 
wide margin and this is again inline with our strategy of building multiple touch points and 
making sure that the customers are transacting, you would have noticed that in our overall 
change in transactions on a year-on-year basis where we have also reported our digital 
transactions having moved from 56% to 59%. 
 
So, we are happy that we have more transacting customers, this is going to give us a lot of 
help in our analytics practice and therefore in our cross sell abilities of retail assets from our 
balance sheet and our digital transactions like I said just now at 59% for Q3 up from 56% in 
Q2 and this were 33% in Q3 of FY2020, so that is a good 26% jump that we have seen and 
it is a balance across all kinds of customers in our portfolio. 
 
Third party products largely insurance business as we do not do any other third party 
products, we do have plans to introduce mutual funds in the next financial year as one of the 
products have to look at; our insurance income equation has largely been dependent on the 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 27 
credit live insurance product which is bundled along with the rules that we do. However, we 
started to focus a lot more on the retail insurance business who have branches and the other 
businesses and you will notice from the investor deck that we are seeing a large change in 
our retail fee income. We also renegotiated our commissions with an insurer partners which 
is also helping and retail fee income has actually doubled on a year-on-year basis. So, we 
are now focusing on health products and guarantee products with life insurance, we are 
expanding distribution by way of increased number of employees who are certified to sell 
insurance which is also at almost 4.5x the number that we had at the beginning of the year, 
so there are many more people who are marketing insurance for us. 
 
In addition, we are also tying up with an Insurtech Rickcovry for digital distribution of 
insurance business through our API integration and the whole process of on boarding the 
insurance customers will also get digitized. We already use handheld devices a lot of this 
will go into the handheld devices and I think we should be amongst the very few people 
who would have digitized the whole end-to-end insurance workflow as an insurance 
distributor and not necessarily as a manufacturer. Our branches and the increased customer 
base is going to be really feeding into our third party cross sell and this is again the same 
place where we will start on mutual fund distribution form probably in Q1 next financial 
year. 
 
I will talk about digital a little more. Like you know we have committed to become new 
age, mass market bank which is technology led, which caters to a large customer base. We 
use this technology to be efficient to be superior and to be on time and most importantly 
also deliver superior experiences to customers, so technology and digital for us are very, 
very big enablers so that we have that edge because we deal with smaller ticket both on the 
deposit side as well as on the lending side. 
 
Now in that context, we had divided a digital strategy on three or four parts. The first one 
was our partnerships with Fintech through our API banking framework where again we 
have release almost 90 out of the 150 APIs across. We have digitized our business 
processes with the focus on improving turnaround time and employee productivity, this also 
has a combination of digital workflows and Robotic Process Automation and investing in 
digital solutions which are further improving and that makes experience including some that 
they are using for customer engagement through messaging and notifications etc., which 
again is something that we have gone live with, now this is going to drive a huge amount of 
value for our customers and certainly for the bank also. 
 
Coming to API banking and Fintech partnerships, like I said 90+ APIs which is nearly two-
thirds of the overall set of APIs that we are working on are ready and live. Our digital 
repayments and digital lending which I spoke about in the context of businesses are also 
live and they have lots of them which are in pipeline. These will certainly drive a lot of cost 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 27 
efficiencies for us. We have ongoing 19 Fintech partnerships on the lending side team from 
on boarding, new banking, we have also done a pilot for collections which has worked out 
very well and I think we have a pipeline of at least another 20-50 at the moment which are 
in pretty active discussion with us. 
 
Now this is one of the things that I did speak about in our previous earnings call that we are 
talking to lot Fintech and I am happy to share with you that all of that work is now 
completed. We are live and we are taking and we are also bringing in lot of business. Our 
engagements are becoming deeper by extending the solutions across lots of other banking 
use cases and we will also have a roadmap to co-create products with our Fintech partners 
in future. 
 
In terms of our internal processes which results into a lot of man-hour savings and cost 
efficiencies and improved productivity, so the first thing is that all our on boarding journeys 
are now digitized across all our business whether assets or liabilities, some are being scaled 
up, some are already in production and scaled up but nonetheless all that work has been 
completed against something that we were working on to prepare ourselves for post-
COVID world. The turnaround time for various processes in the onboarding side through 
these Fintech engagements that we did on the work flow side had actually helped us in 
reducing the turnaround time for various activities by almost 70% to 90%. That is the 
amount of savings that we have seen. Now that has resulted into an increase in the 
processing capacity if effectively productivity by at least 30% to 70% of the minimum 
workflow that we are talking about, so this really helpful and this is something that we were 
confident about and now this has also given us confident on the back of all of this, we can 
surely scale up the business in cost efficient manner. 
 
In Robotic Process Automation, we have identified about 100+ processes which are going 
to be automated. We have completed doing 13, we were given an award for the excellence 
in cognitive automation amongst I think we were probably the only SFB that incorporatse 
kind of an award which will be recognition for us because I think the acknowledgement that 
the work that we are doing in the cognitive automation space itself is a big statement 
coming from a small finance bank. The benefits for all of this is already visible across 
business verticals, productivity is significantly above pre-COVID levels like I spoke about 
earlier and while our headcount, you might have noticed from the investor presentation or 
you will now is lower by 1000 people over December 2019 yet our businesses are back to 
the same levels and our productivity levels across all businesses are higher than what they 
were with far less the people because we are doing the same much higher business right 
now. So, this is really what we were trying to achieve in the last nine months that improve 
our efficiency, improve our productivity, reduce our operating costs, make sure that we use 
digital workflows, make sure we bring in technology, make sure we bring partner, work on 
API so that we are completely ready and then we want to press the accelerator, there should 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 27 
be nothing ahead of us to stop us. Of course we will do it in a very, very risk calibrated 
manner, not to say that we will take chances. 
 
Going into the future I think we also have a roadmap for Artificial Intelligence. We have 
made a beginning with a multilingual bot that we introduced on our website, this is going to 
be more and more intelligent and while right now it is assisting us in lead generation and 
some basic workflows, we do have a roadmap through bring in a full AI stack for which we 
are partnering with another AI company and we do hope to bring in AI to lot of our internal 
workflows also through those engagements and some of the other key investments that we 
have made in marketing automation which is also giving us good results in the limited 
campaigns that we have done and we have bought in some more implementation partners 
on the digital side for RPA implementations and this will help us in one completing this in a 
finite and a shorter period of time over the next six months to nine months but certainly 
enough we can start identifying many more processes in our internal workflows which will 
also get automated once we have a set of partners on board. 
\ 
Now coming to the and this really the last part that I want to talk about, the IWG 
recommendations as you are aware, there is abundant intent that has been expected in terms 
of being able to reverse merge after completing five years, so we have sent our 
recommendations to RBI within the timelines that was there and we do hope that these 
recommendations are converted into guidelines and as soon as these guidelines come, we 
will start working on that basis to prepare ourselves. 
 
The other things are that we have been strengthening our leadership team like we have 
spoken about in the past also, our most recent colleague who joined us on the February 1, 
Ashish Goel, who joined us as the Chief Credit Officer. He comes from ICICI Bank with a 
16 years of experience in ICICI Bank and a lot of experience before that also, very, well-
seasoned and well regarded credit professional in the banking industry. 
 
Our investments in technology, digital capabilities and improving efficiencies are all 
delivering encouraging results as we have spoken at the same time, we would be finding the 
distribution through addition of branches in the next year, we are finalizing those plans also 
in this quarter. We do plan to scale up gold loans, we also want to introduce credit cards for 
our customers in the next financial year, we are already in discussion with credit card 
issuers or we can go down the path of the white labeled card and then effectively learn that 
business to see if we really want to do it ourselves or not. If it does not make sense we will 
be happy with the white label, but our customers would certainly get that product. 
 
We are also evaluating the safe deposit lockers in a few branches. We are also looking at 
some of our premises from real estate optimization point of view. So, lot of these efforts is 
going towards making our customers interaction far richer and more meaningful for our 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 27 
customers both in branches and on the digital channels. Our customer acquisition through 
our own branches, our teams, our sales channels, and our partnerships continues to grow, 
and they are very confident of growing that further. 
 
So, we are more definitely into a growth phase having accounted for the expected slippages 
and the damage for the portfolio through the accelerated provisions that we have taken and 
from now on we believe there would be growing our business in a methodical responsible 
manner and growing the value for customer relationships and may be also set foot into 
some new territories, either new businesses like I mentioned or may be some new territories 
as such. I think we have set up a very strong base both on the assets and liabilities and the 
other lines of businesses and we are very well prepared to scale up and grow further from 
here. I stop here and we can now take your questions from here on. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Amanjeet Singh from Excalibur Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Amanjeet Singh: 
Thank you. So, Sir the lockdown lifted in August and we had a last call in November so, 
you have made a provision of Rs.100 Crores and now made like a substantial provision of 
Rs.583 Crores which is kind of taken away our nine months profit. So, my question is what 
changed between November and now. So, has the macroeconomic environment changed or 
is it like that our earlier estimates were lower or is this in anticipation of some other Q3 
stress that you are expecting and in some other states like Assam, West Bengal, or 
something? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Things have been changing it is not like we had a complete clear picture when we last spoke 
in November when we were discussing in October – November numbers and at that point in 
time the only matrix which was of interest to everybody was clearly collection efficiency 
and how it has improved from July – August onwards, right and we have reported that on a 
fairly transparently disclosed basis as so how it was the first half business line. Now, that 
did not mean that the set had gone away, it just meant that because people had come out of 
the moratorium it was the second month that we had just completed from re-payments point 
of view. I had very clearly also mentioned that we will get to know in Q3, and we will have 
to get the time in Q3 to really estimate what kind of set we will have on the book. So, while 
we did take provision of Rs.100 Crores in Q2 and we had also taken Rs.140 Crores in Q1 
and we had also taken Rs.70 Crores in Q4 of last year because we announced our results in 
May. I think the appetite for more provisions has come only because of the changing 
scenario on the ground it is nothing to do with our estimates then our estimates now and 
things are lot clearer now, I would say absolutely clear now because we have been able to 
complete a full cycle of 90 days with our customers and therefore it gives us a very good 
idea as to what is going on. The second thing like you said, West Bengal as I mentioned has 
improved but we the impact at any of these territories have because of the lag whether it is 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 27 
Maharashtra or Punjab or West Bengal or any localized market even if it is set back of four 
days because of Pongal holidays in Tamil Nadu, that continues and you have to make a 
quick recovery out of that otherwise that whole stress can stay and build up which we saw 
happening in some of these other places and most importantly in the market of Assam 
where things were actually improving till October and they had actually started to improve 
even in Q4 but then it came to a halt in the lock down period but after everything started 
going back to normal after the lock down went away we were seeing improvement in 
Assam even though it was lagging behind but now again it has gone back into a bit of a tail 
spin. So, we have to obviously provide for that, we have to take cognizance of that and say 
that yes, it is a recent development as recent as January. So, I think it is only prudent for us 
to estimate and then that is what we have done and have taken the provisions. 
Amanjeet Singh: 
What kind of provisions you are expecting in Q4 onwards? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Nothing that is the reason we have front ended everything. 
Amanjeet Singh: 
Okay, thank you. That is, it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. Please go 
ahead.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
Good evening. Thank you for giving me an opportunity. My first question was more to do 
with re-structuring for the MFI segment. This used to probably here in we are seeing re-
structuring being done at a strategy level. So, how do you see this impacting the credit 
discipline of this segment of customers? 
Nitin Chugh: 
The credit discipline has nothing to do with restructuring, restructuring you will see through 
that the intent of re-structuring as a policy. What was the whole idea of re-structuring that 
till our borrowers who have stress and they require more time, banks have given a frame 
work of re-structuring those loans in a permissible allowed frame work with higher 
provisions which RBI allowed us to do but that was to be done on the basis of some banks 
have taken obviously somebody will come and ask me I will give it or not give it like the 
way they also took calls on moratorium. In our case we were in touch with our customers 
and we were continuously evaluating and estimating the levels of stress that we had and 
there was enough and more data by that time which was good enough for us to take any 
kind of a view. So, when we do this and that is the reason, I very clearly mentioned the 
numbers that 73% efficiency of collections from the restructured set of accounts is very 
hard thing because this is not really a problematic pool but just to be on the safe side we 
have also estimated some slippages from the restructured pool and that is again gone back 
into the estimation that we have taken as provisions. So, we are not saying that 100% will 
come out of restructuring and neither are we saying that the ones which have got 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 27 
restructured are going to stop repaying in fact what you should notice is that the customers 
who had not paid a single EMI till December 25% of those have also paid because we 
restructured their accounts and these are people who generally needed help and that was 
permissible and that is exactly what we have done.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
Okay, sir second question was that like, in the state Assam how is the collection efficiency 
during the second half of January, probably when it was introduced in the first half, how is 
the collection efficiency in the second half? 
Nitin Chug: 
See first half and second half I would say there is not too much of a difference because the 
announcement of loan wavers from the opposition party came in the month of December, 
okay the bill was cleared in the month of December it was just that the draft and the bill was 
not available for any public viewing, but the word had spread. You would also recall that 
there is one publication in Assam which was every day giving one little bit about bill on a 
daily basis. Now, all of that was resulting into a lot of noise that what is this happening, 
what is this finally led to. Now, when the announcement of loan wavers happened by an 
opposition party and then quickly followed by the ruling party effectively that changed the 
whole narrative with the customers, and they stopped turning up for center meetings or they 
would say now that is happened what is the point of paying you. So, I would not even say it 
first half and second half it was a systematic deterioration in collections efficiency which 
started to happen from December itself, end of December I would say. But really speaking 
if we compare January with December our efficiency dropped by 9%. Now, earlier if you 
remember the problem was restricted to upper Assam till at least Q2 of this year because the 
problem was started in upper Assam and lower Assam was performing reasonably well. But 
with these kinds of announcement obviously the entire state is discussing the same thing 
there is no more of a distinction between upper and lower.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
Right! Okay Sir, thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Centrum. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Thank you for taking my question, Sir. Some clarity on GNPA numbers, so last quarter our 
pro-forma GNPA was about Rs.116 Crores odd which has increased to ballpark numbers 
say just about Rs.655 Crores – Rs. 670 Crores odd if you could just break up this entire 
increase into Assam so just the entire Rs.360 Crores would have set to change. Is that a 
correct thing to look at or how much was earlier change and now having this type? 
Nitin Chug: 
Sorry, if I have heard you correctly your voice is very muffled Gaurav, but I think you are 
asking that how much of this old and how much of this is new right? 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 27 
Gaurav Jani: 
Yes, you are right. 
Sneh Thakur: 
If your question is towards the pro-forma GNPA our pro-forma GNPA/ Rs.658 Crores and 
is recognized as of December end and in the previous quarter we would not have that kind 
of number because the moratorium period just ended on August 30th and the repayment 
started from September. So, only after 90 days we recognized and hence it has got 
recognized during December. 
Gaurav Jani: 
No, my question was how much would be attributable to Assam in Q3? 
Nitin Chugh: 
The basic standard and whatever you are saying right, out of that how much is Assam. 
Because the book is Rs.364 Crores for us and I do not think there is too much in absolute 
terms from Assam but on a stand-alone basis if you look at it know it is the on a stand-alone 
basis there is stress in the book but on an overall portfolio basis it is not very material. 
Sneh Thakur: 
So, we come back to you with the exact number later on. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Sure, so if I am to look at the entire sort of stress on the book as of now which is about 
4.8% plus 6% of restructured and about 75% coverage. So, historically and in your 
assessment, how much of this could be actually recovered. Could we see reversal going 
forward that is one and then how do we look at FY2022 in terms of provisions also since we 
have already up fronted all the provisions? 
Nitin Chugh: 
We do not see the need to take provisions on this present portfolio in the next financial year 
and that is the reason we have up fronted everything every single rupee that we could 
account for okay, so we do not believe that we will need to take any more provisions in Q4 
and any more provisions in Q1. So, this book is completely covered for to the extent of 8%. 
Is that what you asked? 
Gaurav Jani: 
Yes, no, and just an extension of that is what is your outlook in terms of the recovery since 
you have already upfronted about Rs.1000 Crores odd of provisions? 
Nitin Chugh: 
That I mentioned in my commentary also Gaurav, collections are the key focus area for us 
we have obviously estimated from flow rates come up with the expected credit costs and 
therefore the provisions. But the collections effort is going to be an ongoing thing that is 
why I am sharing numbers with you for the month of January to be very transparent and as 
we go through the quarter, we can keep sharing those kinds of numbers, but we do believe 
that from our past experience a lot of this book actually rolls back to the extent of 50% or 
even more. Now, this time around because we are putting a very systematic effort. We have 
an extended team and that is again something I would want to highlight that we have also 
on boarded over 1400 people only for collections. These people have been assigned on the 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 27 
basis of different buckets, and they are in place and they are actively collecting for us. We 
do believe that we should be able to at least repeat the experience or do even better than that 
which all the learning’s that we have had from the past and the new cities that we have. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure, thank you for that. Just probably last if I may, the interest income this quarter was 
lower so have booked any reversals if you could quantify that? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, I think that is the capitalized interest, right. I think we capitalized some 575 Crores and 
that is because we do not charge interest on interest and after the moratorium period this 
book has been kind of on standstill if I can say that. So, this has been a non-earning book 
for us and that is the reason it is reflecting both in NIMs as well as in the overall other 
ratios, interest income or even the PPoP for that matter to some extent. 
Gaurav Jani: 
So, it would have been reversed from the interest income and then probably added to the 
loan book is what is? 
Upma Goel: 
I just want to add to that when we have capitalized this interest it has become a capital what 
we are trying to highlight is on this capital we are again not charging any interest that is 
what we are saying there is no interest on interest. So, this amount is added to total loan 
book, but we will not earn any income on it – that is the reason for slight drop in our 
interest income. With the Rs.575 Crores, monthly impact is close to around Rs.11 Crores so 
in the four months period that we are seeing is roughly Rs.42 Crores of the interest income 
impact. 
Gaurav Jani: 
So, appreciate that, just last bit if I may squeeze, any sort of guidance for credit count for 
FY2022 if you have budgeted? Thanks. 
Nitin Chugh: 
I think we have provided for everything for next year. We are growing our business and that 
is the reason I mentioned that the collection efficiency in new book is 99.5%. So, I would 
think that the provisions that we have taken is to the account for the stress that is visible to 
us right now and what we anticipate. The new book that we have accredited this year which 
already is 45% of the OSP for Micro-banking is expected to be at a much larger share in the 
next few months itself at the rate that we are growing is already being very well at 99.5% 
collection efficiency. So, I do not think there is any need to worry about credit cost for the 
next financial year. 
Gaurav Jani: 
No, sir where I was coming from is, probably we were seeing some push over of stress to 
FY2022 now that we have upfronted this I guess then probably provisions could come low?  
Nitin Chugh: 
That is what, that is why we have upfronted what is visible to us, what we have anticipated, 
rather than going into the next financial year, we decided to make this call of taking 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 27 
everything upfront and then move ahead with no worries and just focus on building the 
book and collecting and improving our collection efficiency. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure, got it Sir. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Sneh Thakur: 
Just to answer your previous question out of Rs. 658 Crores pro-forma GNPA, Assam has 
Rs.64 Crores. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Okay, so the balance would be spread across probably the troubled states of Punjab, 
Maharashtra, and West Bengal. 
Sneh Thakur: 
Yes and others. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Dhole from Trivantage Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Saurabh Dhole: 
Sir, good evening and thank you. Just have two questions, the first is when I look at your 
PAR numbers those are very high and continue to be sticky. So, at provisions of about 9% 
do not you think that there is a fair amount of ground that you have to cover in terms of 
providing more and would not that spill into Q4 of this year as well? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, we do not think so because the PAR we see is largely in the 0 to 30 and that is the 
reason we want to continue reporting that transparently and almost 70% or there about 
collections efficiency is also coming through from restructured book therefore we do not 
have a reason why that should be a worry in any case. The simulations that we have done to 
estimate slippages from the past it has exactly taken into account for us the provisions that 
we have taken. So, we do not really think the need will need any more. 
Sneh Thakur: 
Although we try to add recoveries are upwards trending in the last few weeks. So, a lot of it 
is going to stabilize in the SMA bucket itself and not slip forward and we have taken that 
into account while making for the provisions during Q3. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Right, because I was just looking at your numbers from demonetization because that was 
the only time, we can look at for a reference point and then the par there at that point in time 
the par was around 4% and eventual credit cost for the entire industry and I think given for 
you came to be about 4% - 5% so I am just thinking as to why our total credit cost should 
not mirror your par? 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 27 
Sneh Thakur: 
Okay, look I just want to also clarify during demonetization our peak portfolio risk over 
10% and finally we ended up taking our cost of about 3% to 4% and this pandemic is very 
different from what we have faced in the past considering that the stress across all the states 
of the country and a lot of these customers are still in the recovery phase. Having said so, 
we believe that recoveries this time around are going to be significantly better because we 
have strengthened our collection capacity right now and we are also seeing the results up 
front in terms of recovery from the overdue accounts. Also, the re-structuring that we have 
undertaken is going to reflect positively in the performance during Q4 and the next financial 
year as well. Because a lot of the customers who needed support in terms of reduced EMI’s 
all of those customers will also paying us now because they were in significant stress and 
because of this support we do expect a positive deflection on the bank performance. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Right, and one other question I had been on your non-MFI book so, what I understood or 
the implied provisions on the non-MFI book come out to be around 3%. So, I am just 
curious to know as to why the provisions are so high in the non-MFI book when largely the 
book is secured one? 
Nitin Chugh: 
how did you arrive at 3%. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Yes, the total cover on the book is about Rs.1000 Crores of which about 9.3% cover is on 
the MFI book which means the total provisions on MFI is Rs.911 Crores approximately so 
the remaining would-be non-MFI, right? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Yes, and so that is Rs.118 Crores on a book of about Rs.3800 Crores that gives me about 
the 3% kind of number. 
Nitin Chugh: 
You are right. It would come to approximately that much but that book if you break it up 
into different businesses like Affordable Housing; MSE if you break it up into unsecured 
and secured even though unsecured is a smaller book would have required higher bit of 
cover and likewise in personal loan, we have also taken a slightly higher cover because that 
is again a new book for us, and I mentioned that in my commentary also that we are treating 
that cautiously. So, from that point of view I think there is no harm in keeping a slightly 
extended cover even though MSE and Housing is largely secured but we have these 
ballpark portfolios of unsecured personal loan also which we need to account for. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Okay, and for the non-MFI portfolio is there any geographical color on the NPA on this 
non-MFI book that you can add at? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, nothing. 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 27 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Right, okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Choudhary from Networth Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Choudhary: 
Thank you Sir, thanks for this opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the base at which 
collection is calculated. So, we have proforma GNPA around 4.8% and then additionally 
there is close to 6% of restructure book. So, at what base the collection efficiency is exactly 
calculated, I mean are these numbers also considered by the calculating collection 
efficiency? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Whatever is due by different categories, let us say the non-defaulter accounts and any other 
bucket, restructured account everything, is taken against the due for that month. So, that is 
how the collection efficiency has been computed and we have been maintaining the same 
thing right from the beginning there was confusion on this account due to multiple kinds of 
exposures by other lenders, but we have maintained that consistently. 
Ankit Choudhary: 
Thanks Sir. Next question is on the write off. Is there any write off that has happened 
during this quarter and what is the total amount of write off that we have done in the nine 
months? 
Nitin Chugh: 
This quarter we have not any write off and for the nine months I do not think it would 
significant. 
Ankit Choudhary: 
And Sir, also on the ECLGS do we plan to do any ECLGS for the next quarter as well? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, we have just done some Rs.55 Crores and we do not see that anything significant even 
in Q4. Like I had mentioned earlier we are not very confident because earlier we were 
dealing with the informal and the semi-formal segments for most of these customers it is 
not even a meaningful extension of credit business, the loan ticket sizes were very small 
secondly because of the lower yield it does not come into our overall reprised pricing 
framework. So, we have not really done other than the Rs.55 Crores that I talked about and 
we do not expect this to be anything beyond a certain range closer to what we have already 
done. 
Ankit Choudhary: 
Sir, lastly on the re-structuring book, what is the quantum of additional funding that we 
have done, and do we plan to do some more funding in the next quarter? 
Nitin Chugh: 
What do you mean by funding? 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 22 of 27 
Ankit Choudhary: 
Sir, have you funded any customers, have you given any pressed disbursement to the 
customer in the restructure book? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, absolutely not. 
Ankit Choudhary: 
Okay Sir. That is helpful. 
Nitin Chugh: 
That is different form I do not know who all you observed but we are very different that 
way and we have completely by the policy that RBI came out with and I think it is also 
equally important to acknowledge the fact that all the lenders went to RBI asking that is 
come up with the restructuring framework, alright RBI did that. Now, we chose to 
obviously do what we asked for and what they asked us to do or gave us the framework to 
do and therefore they were no reason for doing anything that we have never done in the past 
and we will never do. Why should we fund any customers? 
Ankit Choudhary: 
Yes, thanks. Sir, lastly on the 73% of collection efficiency in the restructured book where 
do you see that number going forward say in the next quarter? 
Nitin Chugh: 
I do not want to go to numbers but like I said our collection efficiencies are going to be 
improving across all kind of buckets and even this month we are working systematically to 
improve as we improve, we will obviously keep you all updated. I mean I just wanted to 
highlight the fact that 73% in the first month of having restructured is very encouraging 
sign for us. 
Sneh Thakur: 
Additionally, I just want to add that we have seen customers who have not paid us anything 
so far even 25% to 30% of those customers have started paying us after the restructuring is 
done. So, that is a positive sign and I think this only going to better in the next few months. 
Ankit Choudhary: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Thank you, good evening. First question is just clarification on the trying to reconcile the 
collection efficiency numbers with some to the other data. So, from September to December 
the collection efficiency improved from 84% to 94%. But during the same period the zero 
DPD has not moved at all do we assume that the CE data includes the pre-payments here or 
past payments? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Past payments as in? 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 23 of 27 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Does it include the arrears is that what is causing the difference? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes, that is only 2% which is in the 94%. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
No, September collection efficiency was 84%, December was 94% but during the same 
period the zero DPD is nearly flat at 16%. So, the movement or the improvement in 
collection efficiency is that only because of the arrears or how do we reconcile the truth? 
Rajat Singh: 
Collection efficiency is calculated against the due for the month and par is something even 
if you have one or more EMI pending it will continue to reflect in the past so to be 
addressed even if it is one day. Even though par remains flat your collection efficiency can 
improve, and this collection efficiency also includes some of the arrear collection. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Understood, second one was now that the restructuring window is essentially closed how 
would we deal with any incremental stress, is the collections are yet to normalize or reach 
anywhere close to the pre-COVID levels, right? 
Nitin Chugh: 
You mean the restructuring window is closed now is that what you said? 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes, the restructuring window is not closed whatever news states that close over 90% plus 
how do we then deal with that or the sticky part of the book let us see now from some of the 
other states? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes, one is closed only for the personal loans category, the MSME loans we have time till 
31st of March, Micro-Finance portfolio also which qualifies this MSME okay, so we do 
have time for that but we do not intend to do too much of that because we are seeing 
improvement in collections efficiency and that portfolio also, if we have to any more of that 
we will take those calls during the quarter and in any case we have estimated those kind of 
stress position and accounted for that in our provisions. So, we do not expect anything more 
than what we have already estimated and forecasting the stress even from the one is which 
have been restructured, and we do not a chance to restructure any more or other wise and 
out of that is exactly what we have upfront. So, we have taken that into account for a 
modeling I mean we are not leaving anything to imagination anymore. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes, and just a clarification on the restructuring do we restructure the entire group because 
we are not sure how the other members will behave? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, it just by borrowers, individual borrower. 
Sneh Thakur: 
It is by borrower and by individual based customer assessment done on their current cash 
flow capacity. 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 24 of 27 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Okay, and the other one was that because of the whole moratorium thing the normal 
repayment cycle or the borrowing cycle for lot of borrowers has been disturbed in some 
ways. So, how are our customers reacting to it are we allowing early retirement of older 
loans in exchange of fresh loans or any such thing? 
Nitin Chug: 
No, that is why funding Ankit was also asking that are you funding these customers like 
almost are you doing that we are not and the reason why they are highlighting this whole set 
of customers who had not paid at all and have started to pay to the extent of 25% -30% of 
those after restructuring is encouraging enough for us to establish that these set increased 
for instance and they needed help in to go through the restructuring frame work. Now, of 
course you can argue that some customers might have lost the habit some customers might 
go into intentional but all those kinds of probabilities and possibilities we have accounted 
for in this whole simulation for which we estimated and took the provision forward. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Just last two clarifications, why have the MFI yields gone down almost 200 basis 
points and second data point question was could you give us the number of field officers in 
the MFI segment at the end of December and let us say at the end of September or March 
last year.? That is, it, thank you. 
Nitin Chugh: 
You mean including collection officer? 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes, so the MFI specific the field officers including collection. 
Nitin Chugh: 
That number in September was noted to 7000 and right now that number including field 
officers who are dedicatedly doing collections will be closer to 8000.  
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And the yields on the MFI book? That is, it. 
Upma Goel: 
As far as the yield on MFI book what I explained last time is Rs.575 Crores of the book is 
not earning any income and that is the major reason of drop in the yields. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Great. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashanth Sridhar from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Prashanth Sridhar: 
Hi! Good evening, very detailed presentation. Just two data points, more be the total 
disbursement under ECLGS in the nine months now and is there any restructuring apart 
from what is disclosed for the MFI? 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 25 of 27 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, there is no restructuring other than what we have disclosed and the ECLGS is 
somewhere Rs.55 Crores for MFI. 
Prashanth Sridhar: 
Okay, cumulative? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes, cumulative. 
Prashanth Sridhar: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Hi! Nitin, so the first question is I wanted to understand some context beyond the data 
points. So, our total re-restructure book is at Rs. 852 Crores and provisioning towards that is 
Rs.69 Crores and we are saying that the collection efficiency in January has decided. So, 
does it mean that since we have only taken provision of Rs.69 Crores and we do not expect 
any more provisioning for the existing book that our collection efficiency from restructured 
book also will reach to 93% - 94% level is that what is the underlying assumption? 
Nitin Chugh: 
No, we are not saying that the restructure efficiency will go to 93% - 94% we are just 
saying that the restructured efficiency would have been a lot lower and was indeed a lot 
lower. So, I can share that with you, that was actually at around 45% in the month of 
November, right. So, once you restructure these accounts given assistance to these 
customers, they have come up to 73%. Now, we do expect that this will continue to 
improve because we are putting extended focus on this through our dedicated collections 
effort and of course we have done the right things for the borrowers and they are also happy 
with the fact that we have indeed assisted them and helped them when needed it the most. 
Therefore, I am not commenting whether it will go to 94%, I am also not commenting 
whether it will stay at the same levels, but we do believe that it will improve and if it does 
not then obviously, we would have simulated those kinds of slippages in the overall 
modeling that we have done. 
Sneh Thakur: 
So, while we underwent the entire restructuring exercise, we have considered that there may 
be slippages even from the restructured book; however, having said that we are confident 
that a good number of customers will be safe since we have supported them during their 
difficult times.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Yes, any more provisioning on the restructured book as it stands for the size? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Yes, so this provisioning on restructured book is largely coming on the regulatory 
prescription requirement in addition to that while taking the modeling additional provision 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 26 of 27 
has also been taken. So, this number is only for regulatory reasons which are highlighted 
levels. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay, and second question Nitin, is that if you look at our business model last several years, 
it is quite prone to the various reasons including some national, some regional and that is 
the nature of the micro-financing business and we have been trying to diversify our business 
away from micro-banking. But at a strategy level how should we look at our banks, I mean 
will micro banking remain a core part of the business constituting 60% - 70% of business or 
will we transition to more secured book over a period of time and are these events 
something else to accelerate act of this? 
Nitin Chugh: 
That is a well laid out plan much ahead of all of this happened and it is not like we are 
talking about this because the pandemic came in. We have been talking about this for a very 
long time that we do have plan to diversify to the extent of 50% micro finance and 50% 
non-micro finance in three year to five years’ time. I think we are around track for that, 
okay if you do note in this quarter the share of micro finance in the overall book is now 
73%, last quarter was I think about 76%. So, every quarter it is changing and like I 
mentioned the thrust areas for us in the next financial year Affordable Housing, MSE, some 
of the new business line will obviously go at a faster rate also which they also have in this 
financial year, I mean even in December on a year-on-year basis they have grown by 
anywhere between 25% to 28%. So, the diversification will happen but the event rate I do 
not think this kind of an event exposes only micro finance customers because we saw the 
same impact even though it is last lender, we saw the impact with HFC, we saw the same 
impact with people who deal with vehicle finance, we saw the same impact with people 
who deal with lenders themselves, NBFC’s themselves. So, I do not think an event like this 
can be only seen from the lens of micro finance, yes micro finance is more probably 
vulnerable to events like this which could be domestic, national, localized whatever it is but 
that is where it helped us to build the book which is reasonably well diversified across the 
country which what we have done so, we do not have at least geographical risk and that is 
the reason Assam for us for example is not a very big worry, it is a worry but it is not a big 
worry and for the rest of the markets I think we are in control and wherever we do have any 
doubt we provide for that which is what we have done. But more importantly I think from 
our point of view we are building the retail portfolio on the liability side which is going to 
be feeding into our process of retail assets separately we are adding retail asset like I 
mentioned in my remarks also through multiple distribution channels including partnerships 
and we accelerated growth on the non-micro finance book is going to continue for the next 
few years till we achieve a balance which we are comfortable with which insulates us from 
these kind of event risks. The third thing is that we will also be in a position which we 
wanted in this year, but we could not because of the pandemic but we will also start keeping 
aside from countercyclical provisions which would not be good enough for us for events 

 
 
 
Ujjivan Small Finance Bank 
February 03, 2021 
 
Page 27 of 27 
like these. But events side we have given whatever kind of provisions you keep aside you 
can never be sure. So, I think it is more long-term thing, it is more a calibrated thing but that 
is something that we had slowed, and we have been working on methodically for the last 
several quarters now and we are moving in the right direction. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it, just last question. Any interest income reversal this quarter? 
Nitin Chugh: 
Sorry, can you repeat please? 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Any reversal in interest income this quarter? 
Upma Goel: 
Yes, so on the proforma GNPA’s we have provided first Rs.25 Crores as interest income 
which is a growth there is a provision against that among this Rs. 25 Crores. 
Nitin Chugh: 
So, as and when the hold on the NPA is lifted we will be able to write back that provision. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint that was the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Murarka for closing comments.  
Abhishek Murarka: 
Thanks Nitin, and thanks everybody in the team for the detailed explanations and thanks to 
all the participants for logging on to the call in the evening. Thanks, and have a great 
quarter Nitin and Team. Thank you. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Thank you guys. Thank you, Abhishek, and please excuse me not been able to give you all 
the answers do reach out to us for otherwise we shall be very happy to provide any kind of 
clarifications that you would need. Thank you very much once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
