 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited Q3 & 9M 
FY-21 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KETAN PATEL – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, CREATIVE PERIPHERALS & DISTRIBUTION 
LIMITED 
MR. ABHIJIT KANVINDE – CFO, CREATIVE 
PERIPHERALS & DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY ADVANI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR, 
CREATIVE PERIPHERALS & DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q3 and nine months FY21 Earnings 
Conference Call of Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited hosted by Bridge Investor 
Relations Private Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ketan Patel – Chairman and Managing Director of 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Ketan Patel: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited earning 
conference call for the third quarter of the financial year 2021. I would like to begin by 
expressing my gratitude to all of you for taking the time to join us. On the call with me today is 
Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde – our CFO, Mr. Vijay Advani – Whole Time Director of the company and 
Bridge IR, our Investor Relations team.  
Before we get into the business and financial performance of the last quarter, I would like to 
share a brief insight into our company. Creative Peripherals is a dynamic company which has 
come a long way and crossed several milestones over the recent past. Today we are not just 
market entry specialists for niche experiential brands across India and international markets, but 
also licensee for contract manufacturing for a Fortune-100 global giant Honeywell. Our 
company specializes in market entry for global brands and works closely with its clients to 
achieve optimal market penetration and growth. Our network encompasses all three channels 
online, retail, and general trade thereby giving us a strong leverage to reach out to a wide market 
base. Furthermore, our value-added business model covers end to end solutions from market 
research and competition analysis to formulating and executing regional specific marketing and 
pre-sales strategies for brands. We use a multi-pronged approach to grow our business based on 
three pillar strategy. The first key aspect of our business is brand licensing and contract 
manufacturing with Honeywell. We have a long-standing agreement for contract manufacturing 
and distribution in over 25 countries across APAC and Middle East region. The product portfolio 
with Honeywell is also growing substantially with air purifiers being a latest addition. Other 
products cover connectivity as well as audio entertainment solutions. We aim to expand this 
licensing line of business by adding more international brands. Contract manufacturing is an 
attractive model of business for various global brands wherein they can leverage local players, 
market reach to increase and grow their products’ market share. We plan to utilize our experience 
gained with Honeywell for other international brands wishing to follow a similar model.  
The second pillar is our expertise and strong hold in market entry and penetration for niche 
brands. Currently we have a strong long-term association with over 20 global renowned brands, 
which are leaders in their field. These are categorized in three broad divisions, IT, imaging and 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
lifestyle and security products. Our value-added service like executing brands marketing strategy 
and post-sale service along with this wide spectrum of products has helped our company achieve 
economies of scale and become a single sourcing point to our customers.  
Today Creative Peripherals is a much sought-after name among OEM as well as sub distributors 
and retailers being a critical link in the supply chain. We continuously enhance the bouquet of 
brands with new and high margin products. One of the high segment potentials among this is 
gaming products, which is gaining fast adoption in the Indian market.  
The third pillar of our products strategy is our recent offering Ckart, our very own online digital 
B2B e-commerce platform. Ckart is a game changer in our industry and will play a crucial role 
in expanding our business with new and existing customers at minimal additional cost. Overall 
our focus is on these three main growth pillars, offering experiential products and enabling niche 
global brands to enter and establish new markets, expand our licensing business, and become an 
online platform for all customers through Ckart. We continue to aim for higher operational 
efficiencies and adding high margin value added products to our portfolio. Association with 
Honeywell, ZEISS, BaByliss, GoPro, and Cooler Master, etc. are steps towards that direction.  
I would now like to take you through some key recent developments. As you are aware, most of 
the year 2020 faced headwinds for COVID 19 virus outbreak. This pandemic had brought the 
whole supply chain and entire economies to a staggering halt. It impacted every aspect of our 
life, including personal life and industries across the world. Like every other business we also 
faced the impact of the lockdown even as industries reopened gradually. We decided to take this 
opportunity to further refine our internal practices and improve our operational efficiencies and 
skill sets. As more and more activities are going online, we expect an upswing in demand for IT 
and consumer electronics products.  
Moreover, I am happy to share that in August 2020 we launched our digital platform Ckart. As 
I mentioned earlier Ckart is our online digital B2B e-commerce platform built  in-house by a 
dedicated team. Ckart host all the customers in the supply chains and enables them to transact, 
discover and share products and brands to their buyers in their own company's name. This 
platform also assists them to showcase their inventory and trade among each other, facilitating 
higher volumes and expanding the product portfolio being offered through Creative Peripherals. 
They will also be able to host their white label micro-site on our platform.  
We even showcased the speed and ease of use of Ckart when we demonstrated the first order 
online during the launch event. This platform will fortify our presence as a platform for 
customers as well to improve our working capital cycle and profitability. One of the key 
purposes of this platform is to help our customers expand their reach and make it easier for them 
to do business. On the other aspect we recently renewed our contract manufacturing agreement 
with Honeywell for another 5 years, as well as we expanded our distribution scope with them to 
29 countries outside India. This gives us access to Middle East and APAC region. Our deep 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
association with the Fortune 100 company like Honeywell could serve as a guiding example for 
brands wishing to leverage the licensing manufacturing model. 
On the distribution front we continually update and expand our brand portfolio to keep it fresh 
and relevant. Some of our recent brand agreements include distribution of ZEISS range of nature 
observation products like binoculars and monocular and agreement for Honeywell for air-
purifier, tie-up with Edelkrone to distribute their range of photography and videography 
accessories, and the recently launched GoPro Hero9 series camara. Furthermore, we recently 
tied up with Reliance Retail to distribute a broad range of Marvel and Disney branded products. 
This includes audio products such as wired and wireless earphones, headphones and speakers, 
personal grooming products such as hair curlers and straighteners well as small home appliances 
like toasters and sandwich makers. This tie up gave us access to huge market across multiple 
product verticals, expand our geographical coverage and would translate to higher revenues 
taking our business to new heights.  
Such associations not only diversify and expand our portfolio, but also enhance and testify the 
company's recognition among global brands. As the consumer sentiments improve we are 
expecting strong demand for such products in the Indian market, both online and offline and as 
Ckart gains momentum we foresee a strong growth in customer base without much additional 
cost which should translate into higher top line and profitability. In only a few months since 
launch we have already been seeing significant new orders from existing as well as new 
customers on Ckart.  
So from an overall business perspective that is all from my side. I will now hand it over to Mr. 
Abhijit Kanvinde, our CFO who will take you through the financials performance of the 
company in Quarter 3 and nine months FY21. Thank you. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Thank you, sir, and a very good afternoon to you all. I will share highlights of our standalone 
financial performance after which we would be glad to respond to your queries. Our financials 
are reported as per Ind-AS guidelines.  
Looking at the Quarter 3 FY21 financial results; in the quarter ended 31st December 2020, our 
company achieved net revenue of Rs. 161.99 crores, growing 25.11% year-on-year. This was 
mainly driven by a robust demand for IT and gaming products, including Samsung and Cooler 
Master, as well as addition new lifestyle products. The EBITDA stood at Rs. 6.51 crores as 
against Rs. 6.45 crores in the previous corresponding period, increasing almost 1% year-on-year. 
While our raw material cost increased due to change in product mix, we were able to maintain 
the EBITDA margins through various cost control exercises, to improve internal operational 
efficiency. The net profit for the quarter is at Rs. 3.73 crores as compared to Rs. 3.62 crores in 
Quarter 3 FY20, an year-on-year growth of 2.89%. Our EPS for the quarter was Rs. 3.21 crores.  

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Now turning to nine months FY21 financial results. In the nine months ended 31st December 
2020, our company achieved net revenue of Rs. 338.33 crores representing an increase of 4.38% 
year-on-year. This is primarily driven by strong recovery in demand for various products over 
the past months which off-set the impact of nationwide lockdown during the initial months of 
this period. After we reopened at a lower capacity after lockdown business has been gradually 
gaining momentum and is now showing the signs of being on the track. The EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 12.82 crores as against Rs. 14.92 crores in the previous corresponding period. We incurred 
employee and other fixed expenses during the lockdown which offset the impact of higher margin 
brands thereby resulting in margin contraction. Raw material costs also grew due to change in 
product mix during this period. The net profit for the nine months is at Rs. 6.69 crores as 
compared to Rs. 8.08 crores in nine months FY20. Our EPS for this period that is nine months 
FY21 is Rs. 5.76. This is all from my side, we can now open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Ayush Agarwal from Mittal Analytics.  
Ayush Agarwal: 
I have a couple of questions. One, in the commentary Mr. Kanvinde had mentioned that our 
growth has come from the IT and gaming products by Samsung and Cooler Master. With other 
segment that we see the growth the 19-20 crores have turned into 61 crores in Q3, what were the 
key products or brands that led to this growth and we were under the impression that, this is our 
highest margin segment, yet we see a huge margin contraction? So I would like your comments 
on this. 
Ketan Patel: 
Ayush very nice observation. This last quarter has been a quarter where there was a huge turmoil 
on the logistic side. So most of the manufacturer whom we deal with either are in Taiwan and 
China, though they maybe US owned companies and the whole logistics chain was a problem, 
so you could not get containers so usual time for shipping was say 21 days and during this time 
to get a container used to take 21 days. The freight from $800 to $1000 went up to $3500 to 
$4000 and on above that whatever material which you forecasted it was not easy to get. So we 
were in a dilemma that do we try to maintain our cadence of sales or do we actually stop for a 
while and then do not take a margin head. Then internally we thought it would be prudent that to 
get the momentum going because we would have another good quarter this year. And that is why 
we took an internal call that we will absorb the logistics, absorb the rise in the raw material cost 
and we will not pass it to our partners and to our end consumer, so that is why you see a dip into 
the margins there. But we are seeing already a reversal of the same in this quarter and I think net-
net we would have a good year in the end. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Just a follow up on this, had the logistics cost not been there or the container freight as you said 
and we know the issues pertaining one and these are some other companies as well, so on a 
normalized basis what kind of profitability would we have seen if this issue wasn't there? 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Ketan Patel: 
So currently, we are saying as I have an increase of 2%-2.5% cost both on the freight side and 
on the import side, that is one part. And second, the aftereffects of COVID the supply chain is 
now starting to see the problem, so consider one of our faster moving products say in Honeywell 
is a 4 Port Hub. Now the chips are under allocation and then you have to plan for six months in 
advance to get the stock and the prices of that chips also has gone higher. So I think Abhijit can 
ratify it, but I think we would have maybe made easily 2% to 3% higher margin. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Absolutely. Yes, the fall in the margin as Ketan said, has been due to the change in product mix 
in lifestyle products. It is a category where lifestyle and other products including security are 
clubbed and we have taken some opportunity business there and that has been at a lower margin. 
There have been products which we have sold to corporates and other entities. There those 
margins have been in the range of 3% to 4%. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
So can we say that there is one off component in this? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Absolutely. This is one off and as Ketan said that the logistic is slowly coming on track. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
I am not talking about the cost, I am talking about the sales that the security products that you 
are talking about, can we consider that as a one-off, not the margin? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes. Ayush you can consider that as one off. And one of the key things now is that people used 
to operate with just in time inventory for a while, now we are trying to operate with just in time 
plus and this plus stands for the added risk of logistics going haywire or states going into a 
shutdown, all that. So probably in the next quarter also we may have a slightly higher cash flow 
thing and working capital thing, but we will not have then a problem on margins because we are 
now stocking slightly higher quantity of material than required considering that there would be 
still some disruption for the next three to four months due to this pandemic. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
If you can quantify this one of the, that would be really helpful, and like you had mentioned that 
Cooler Master and the BaByliss brand that we had introduced in the grooming segment that also 
I think is categorized into the other segments. If you can quantify what kind of growth did we 
see in that apart from the security, that was a one-off. So one, that if you can quantify the one-
off in this quarter and other if you can quantify the growth in our four segments. 
Ketan Patel: 
So Cooler Master basically falls into the gaming category, but it is also a high-performance 
computer component. And it gets used into servers, it gets used into high-end graphic machines 
and also it gets used into anybody who is into cryptocurrency or other kind of stuff. So what has 
happened is because certain segments like cryptocurrency or high-end graphics terminal, there 
is a card which is a graphic card. That graphic card is also into a short supply because of 
worldwide shortage on the chips. And that's why Cooler Master sales also was slightly affected 
in terms of margins and other stuff. But I think if everything falls in place and this quarter I think 
Cooler Master we have already spoken to parent companies also to reimburse a part of freight 
and also we have told parent companies to reimburse a part of the cost which has gone higher 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
and they are obliging to that. And plus, we are also now thinking that since the momentum is 
there we could also pass on some amount of cost on to the partner or the consumer is going to 
buy that. So, I think in this segment of Cooler Master, BaByliss and other stuff we are sure that 
close to, in terms of percentage margin we should come to a net gross margin percentage of 8%-
8.5% in this quarter, that is what we are seeing. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
We mentioned our different segments in the sense that IT and imaging we also say that the 
contract manufacturing part and then the market outreach part. So if you can also break up the 
revenue in that segment and provide in the presentation or the press release, that would be really 
helpful to track the numbers of Honeywell and the likes of that. 
Ketan Patel: 
Surely. This has been asked by a couple of other guys also, so in the next presentation we would 
give separate numbers for each of the four segments. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anup Sundernathan from Kompass Analytics. 
Anup Sudhendranath: 
Two questions. One from a strategic perspective, can you speak a little bit about Ckart and where 
do you see that platform helping and how do you see that platform helping you from a longer-
term perspective? Also, strategically how do you look at new brands or products that you want 
to be associated with from a longer-term perspective? 
Ketan Patel: 
Can you repeat the second question about the brands and products, you said for the longer 
prospective how do we select the brands, is that is what you said? 
Anup Sudhendranath: 
Yes, from a strategic perspective how do you decide brands that you want to work with or where 
you want to bring in your expertise which is already there in the market? How do you think about 
it? 
Ketan Patel: 
I will take this question, and both are super questions, very close to my heart. Ckart is a platform 
which we developed and it is a B2B commerce platform where our partners can transact, 
discover new products, and share their products to their buyers in their own company's name. 
And Ckart today, for example, any business has become a platform. Uber is a platform, Ola is a 
platform, your Swiggy, your Zomato and anything which is between the consumer and the 
producer will get sold on a platform, it could be a product, it could be a service, that is the first 
part. Second, if you look at the overall pandemic, online has come out as the biggest influencer 
during the online. So your groceries, for example, from 16% has gone to 24% being influenced 
by online. Your mobile phones from 48% have gone to close to 63% being influenced by online. 
And then a lot of our partners are offline stores, and they do not have an omni channel presence. 
So Ckart helps them to have their own white label stores where a customer can buy our 4000 
products which are populated on his store and also get the flexibility because in the smaller store 
the customer will get a flexibility of traditional credit. They get the flexibility of buy back, they 
get a flexibility of buying on instalment and other stuff. So Ckart would really enable our 
partners to go online. And in a distribution space if you think our working capital gets involved 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
into basically funding the debtors and second is funding the stock. Now Ckart will help us 
because as our customer base will keep growing, not everybody will be on credit and they will 
pay up front. So our debtor’s funding will go lower and lower and as sellers themselves start 
opening their own stores, we will start offering their inventory to our existing partner. So without 
funding inventory we will be able to sell products to our customers and make a mark up on that. 
So that way, the fundamental thing of cash flow and free cash flow gets settled. Second is 
because Ckart has drop shipment, in future we may ask the retailer or the SI (system integrator) 
to use our warehouses as their stocking point. So that also becomes an advantage to us that the 
partner does not require a warehouse and since his dependency of warehousing, the platform and 
also delivery is on us, the stickiness with that partner will be much more. And we have already 
seen from April 5th, the first month we did a billing of almost Rs. 1,50,000 on Ckart and as of 
yesterday we were close to Rs. 65 crores sale from Ckart. We had total 65 crore of sales happen 
through Ckart. We had almost 350 new customers on-boarded besides the customers we have 
on Ckart. And close to 8,200 orders were executed on Ckart. So that platform is becoming a very 
important tool, plus it has other benefits of personalized collaterals in the partner's name. It has 
a smart pricing matrix where a partner can really just add a percentage and the price list will be 
made as per his choice. It also has drop shipment; it also has training modules. So I am thinking 
that Ckart over a period of time will help us in both the ways digitizing our customers and 
digitizing all the internal processes of Creative and it will ultimately help us to save at least 1%-
1.5% on the PAT basis I think. So, that's how Ckart works. Coming to brands, India’s population 
is the millennials are almost 65%-68% of our population is now less than 35 years old and each 
of these populations they value experiences more than anything. So for them a product 
specification is not important because all products are me-too products, for them pricing is not 
very important because affordability programs, overall availability of the product and 
transparent pricing because of the e-commerce and internet. So pricing also does not play a key 
role, only a product where you have a great community bonding and you can share your content 
which you create through that product or on that side and which gives you a great consumer 
experience that kind of brand only will do well. In fact, there is a survey which says that by 2022 
the customer experience will be the biggest differentiator ahead of price and products 
specification. As a company, if you look at our portfolio be it GoPro or be it Olympus or the 
latest be it ZEISS or Edelkrone or on the other side Cooler Master, they are all products which 
deliver a very unique customer experience. Usually, we would take brands which are great on 
customer experience, execute brand strategies for the brand, get evangelist, get influencers, get 
the social media in place, get the marketing in place and that is how we select a brand. Second, 
there are also brands which do not deliver a great consumer experience but which are growing 
at a CAGR of 20%-22% per year. For example, consider the Men’s Grooming segment. The 
trimmer, the shaver, the dryer all has been there for ages but in India this category is growing 
exponentially close to 20%-25%. In this category Philips rules with almost 80%-85% of market 
share, in this category online rules by having 65% market share of all the sales. To break into 
this category becomes an easier proposition so that is why we took a brand like BaByliss. To 
summarize any brand which gives us great customer experience, any brand which is under 
penetrated category in India and is growing at a very fast speed, that is the brand and of course 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
there are other parameters like whether we have the skill set to sell that brand, whether the market 
share worldwide for that brand is higher or lower. Consider ZEISS for example, these are 
binoculars which are starting only from Rs. 40,000 and upwards and we have started clocking 
sales of around Rs. 20-25 lakhs a month in the first couple of 2 months what we have started and 
we found that there is a huge population of birdwatchers, a lot of people have moved to their 
native, lot of people because of the pandemic have lot of time on hand so they are following this 
hobby and that is why these binoculars do well. Now we could easily penetrate this market 
because we had Olympus and lot of Olympus cameras goes for anybody who likes wildlife 
photography, and we have the right influencers who could talk to that product. Everything is 
becoming from a photo to a video, everybody now wants a video of how they make a cake at the 
house or for example a bike which is done well, they want to shoot that and Edelkrone has got 
its jibs and its videography equipment which helps even prosumers not professional but pro-
consumers to shoot world-class videos with their phone in all the angles possible on a DSLR 
camera and it’s the fastest growing videography accessories brand in US, California and that’s 
how when we spoke to our influencers and they wanted this brand be tied up with them and we 
got that brand. Usually some sort of market intelligence, then how the brand affinity is for India 
and whether it is a faster growing category and whether it will deliver a great consumer 
experience, there are some of the ingredients which we would use to select that brand and sorry 
to be slightly longish on this answer. Abhijit hates it but these are my favorite passion, so usually 
I am quite elaborate on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ria Mehta, an Individual Investor.  
Ria Mehta: 
How much has Honeywell contributed to the top line? And in terms of EBITDA how much are 
we earning from it? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
For the nine-months the Honeywell has contributed across 20 crores to the top line and from the 
EBITDA perspective Honeywell is at a 15 to 17 EBITDA percentage brand. 
Ria Mehta: 
What kind of revenue do we plan to see in the next 2 to 3 years from Honeywell and since 
Honeywell roughly gives upward of 15% EBITDA margin so going forward overall EBITDA 
how do we see? 
Ketan Patel: 
Ria Honeywell now we have got air purifiers and also we have got license to go to complete 
Southeast Asia and also the whole of Middle East, Egypt, Saudi Arabia also. Now Honeywell 
for the next year we are planning close to a sale of +100 crores and so last quarter the sale for 
Honeywell would be close to 10 crores and now we are thinking that by April-May we would 
have all the categories so audio would be completely there, we would get the complete season 
for air purifiers plus the other categories and plus we also think that the project business for 
government would start because of the new budget and Honeywell Passive, Honeywell fiber 
cables, Honeywell Passive components all would start doing well. Next year we think that 
Honeywell should be close to +100 crores in our business so we are looking at a growth of close 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
to 20%-25% on our March closing business and I am saying these numbers because we have 
already started planning for April and I think this will get our overall EBITDA between 5% to 
7% overall. Honeywell next year should be close to between 20% and 22% of our overall 
business and then year proceeding that it should be around 35% of our overall business. 
Ria Mehta: 
You mentioned about gaming products in your opening remarks. Can you please throw some 
more light as to how we see this growing? What kind of revenue are we targeting from this? 
Ketan Patel: 
There is actually when we say a gaming segment, actually gaming products are from the high-
performance computer components. So for online gaming you require a computer which has 
very high efficiency and which is very powerful and this sector because of the lockdown and 
because overall the youth population has taken up to gaming very well and from what we hear 
gaming, e-sports would become a medal sports in this Asiad also and there are lot of courses 
also being started at universities to how to design gaming PCs, to how to run a gaming business, 
to how to create a gaming team. I think this business will grow upwards and we started with 
Cooler Master last year. Cooler Master right now is close to, by March we should close it 
between 55 to 60 crores. Next year I think Cooler Master should be around Rs. 80-82 crores 
business. There is another brand PNY which is also into gaming, that is having which has graphic 
cards mainly and every gaming PC or every AutoCAD terminal, or any rendering machine would 
require a graphic card, any Cryptocurrency machine would require a graphic card and that 
business is currently at a cadence of say 1.5-1.7 crores a month. Next year it should also move 
to a cadence of around 3-3.5 crores a month so that would be close to 40- 42 crores. There is 
another gaming brand which we have Thermaltake and Thermaltake is famous for its coolers, 
components and it also is famous for designing your own PCs and Thermaltake currently is at a 
cadence of 50 lakhs a month and next year we think it will go to a cadence of almost 12 to 15 
crores a month. Overall gaming is going to do very well. Also in PNY if there is one movie in 
India which comes like Ra.One or a Robot or something where are lot of graphics will be used. 
That one movie in Bollywood is enough to give you a sale increase of 50 to 60 crores. So for the 
last at least 3 years we have not seen 3 to 4 years any movie coming out from the Bollywood or 
segment but once everything resumes we think that also should be a good thing. 
Moderator: 
We will move to the next question, which is from the line of Aniket Redkar, an Individual 
Investor. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Which are the top three fetching brands this quarter, revenue fetching brands and which brand 
contribute more highest revenue growth? 
Ketan Patel: 
This quarter Honeywell, Samsung, Cooler Master and GoPro is there. Fortunately, Honeywell 
and Samsung both are showing a lot of traction. Honeywell from the point of view because we 
added air purifiers and certain of our categories like Passive Networking and all has picked up 
very well. Samsung because everybody is working from home and suddenly, we are seeing a 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
large surge on 22 inches and above monitors and Samsung for the last quarter is almost 23 crores 
of our business of the total business of 158 crores. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Which brand contributes the higher EBITDA margin from our portfolio? 
Ketan Patel: 
Honeywell, Cooler Master, GoPro they would also give you a very high EBITDA margin. Aniket 
while higher EBITDA margin is very necessary for our business, in the business where we are 
the highest rotation whichever brand can give to our money that is the biggest actually test so 
for example, a brand like Olympus where we can rotate our cash four times a year and a brand 
like Samsung where we can rotate our cash nine times a year. Samsung would be our preferred 
choice than Olympus so how much rotations we could do from a brand that is one of the most 
important criteria while choosing a brand. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Can you throw some light on the tie-up of the Reliance Retail? Which are the product line we 
have chosen, who are the OEMs then what is the duration of the agreement? 
Ketan Patel:  
I will give you a brief. Reliance because they have such a huge presence in retail, they have also 
gone on the licensing way and they have taken the license of Disney Marvel and they have also 
taken the license of BPL and Kelvinator and this material they want to push it to the consumers 
through their various formats of stores they have. The Reliance Mart they would want to push 
it, through Reliance Digital they would want to push it, through Jio Mart, through Reliance 
Digital online they would want to push this material. Now having said that they really understand 
that they cannot cater to the complete market and hence they wanted somebody who could also 
take these brands to the other retail formats, to other smaller retailers and that is what the tie-up 
is. It is an exclusive tie-up, with Reliance to promote all the brands, other than the Reliance 
stores, we would be distributing it to across India. The range for Disney is obviously because if 
the Fan at Heart collection it has audio, it has small domestic appliances and other stuff. In BPL 
they have large domestic appliances, like fridge, washing machines, they have TVs and also they 
have fans, lights, LED lights, bulbs, buttons and all these things and with this they small 
domestic appliances also like toasters, mixers, grinders, everything. It is a huge business 
opportunity for us and is an opportunity because either you have the channel or you have the 
product to develop a channel so this will help us to develop the electrical channel plus it also 
helps us to increase our portfolio on CKart. We probably believe that over a period of time we 
would have catalogue sales. What is catalogue sales is; that you go to JioMart and you say you 
have say 100-1000 customers. We have 4,000 products, just make our 4,000 products available 
to your 100-1000 customers and vice-versa tomorrow JioMart can come to you and say we have 
say 20,000 products and you have say 10,000 customers make our product available which are 
relevant to our categories and that also we can make that available so that is the case. Usually 
these agreements are auto renewable but the period is 1-year, so currently we have an agreement 
with them for 1-year and if both the parties agree, it keeps on renewing that’s the case and 
Reliance just wants to concentrate more on retail and other stuff. They really wanted one 
strategic partner for this business and they have chosen us for that.  

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Aniket Redkar: 
Can you give some idea about the margin we get from the product under this tie-up? 
Ketan Patel:  
The margin mix is close to 8% to 10% on gross basis. One of the key advantage also of this is 
that partly your sales force also gets funded from Reliance. You gain another close to 2% on 
manpower funding so the agreement stands for between 8% to 10% and because they fund you 
manpower and the manpower cost is close to 2%, you get that additional 2%. 
Aniket Redkar:  
How do we see our imaging product segment right now because last time you said that it is 
impacted just because of the COVID?  
Ketan Patel: 
Yes. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Now people are moving out and just spending their holidays. How do you see this imaging 
products in the next quarter?  
Ketan Patel: 
Couple of things are there. Since in the imaging product we are on the higher side of the pyramid 
so our products are all say (+35,000), (+40,000) and our binoculars are say (+40,000) and our 
SLR cameras or mirror-less cameras are from Rs. (+1) lakh. The traction would be slightly 
slower but we are seeing a lot of traction because people have now lot of time for themselves to 
work on their hobbies, that is one part and second everybody has made a plan to travel some 
point of time and people really want to create good memories, that's one. Second, the biggest 
traction would happen is the digitization. Now we just now at a classic example of somebody 
buying our mirror-less camera and it was a textile house and since their customers cannot travel, 
they wanted that the customers remotely could see the fabric, the true color of the fabric, how 
do they do that? As we see more and more amalgamation of digital in our life, we will see, 
imaging in a new avatar. It would not be just consumer, it would also be enterprise also, that is 
what we foresee. One more thing to add, everything becomes online for example, then all your 
products shoots happen and then to do a great product shoot and to sell your product you require 
a A+ content and something like Edelkrone is the most needed thing to get candid shoots for 
products from all angles. I think it is time, we may not see a great traction in a quarter but you 
will see good upward traction in the whole year, next coming year. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Goswami from Fractal Capital. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
I just wanted one clarification before I ask any questions. See the Honeywell relationship, I think 
you mentioned that you are also doing contract manufacturing for them, is it right?  
Ketan Patel: 
Yes, we get it contract manufactured for them through Honeywell audited factories across China, 
Taiwan, and a couple of them in India.  
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Basically they are factories to whom the contract manufacturing orders is placed by Honeywell 
or is under their arrangement and we get it orders from there. It is not that we are doing 
manufacturing.  

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Ketan Patel: 
No, I will just give you a bits of. So Honeywell has no role to play except getting the factories 
audited. For example, we get our fibers made at Birla Sun Life for example so we would tell 
Honeywell that Birla Sun Life is our chosen vendor to make fiber and Honeywell would go on 
audit for social whether there is insurance being given to all, where there is no child labor, and 
then they will do the technical audit, whether the company is capable of manufacturing cables 
for Honeywell standard, and that's where their role ends and then either we set up our own factory 
or we get some factory to manufacture the product. So currently because we do not have 
expertise to set our own factory, we get it manufactured through these 8 to 10 vendors, which 
have been certified by Honeywell. The certification is ours; the design ID is ours and the contract 
manufacturer manufactures according to that. 
Sanjeev Goswami:  
Second thing is that you talked about this Reliance relationship that you have where you have 
1-year kind of license, but you have exclusivity for 1-year for those product, right? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Similarly for all other products that you are distributing, do you have the exclusivity?  
Ketan Patel: 
Yes, usually most of the products we take it is either All India exclusivity or a regional 
exclusivity for that product. Some brands renew their license 2 years, Honeywell renews its 
license every 5 years. In Honeywell's case their average licensing tenure has been (+22) years 
with each partner and some brands would want to do it in 1-years’ time but out of the 20 brands 
what we do, all 20 are either region exclusive or product exclusive with us. 
Sanjeev Goswami:  
In that case do you have the complete pricing freedom in the sense you can decide at what price 
to sell or there is some gross margin which are fixed and you have to sell within those gross 
margins?  
Ketan Patel: 
Usually it is a collaborative exercise with the brand because today's consumer is very-very smart. 
You can't charge him more because he knows the price across the world. So usually for example 
if a brand say Edelkrone the latest or ZEISS for example so this brand comes to us, we would 
look at what is the suggested retail price in US and then based on that we work out the price 
which is a suggested retail price in India. Then looking at the product size, looking at the Indian 
demographics maybe we suggest them that let's lower the price of it or let's run an affordability 
program and fund that program. For GoPro we run an affordability program in conjunction with 
Bajaj, where you can take a GoPro camera as less then Rs. 3000 a month for a 10-month 
instalment, that is what we do. That helps in people taking an upgrade for that product and also 
buying the product. So usually, it is a collaborative exercise. Once the exercise is finished then 
mostly our margins are tagged to that. In Edelkrone, our margin is tagged to say 25% so probably 
some affordability program is supposed to be run. The company may fund that or may lower the 
price so that we can fund it from that. So that is how usually it happens. 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
A couple of questions more, one is on the international side. I do understand that you also have 
distribution rights for some of the brands in the MENA countries as well as Southeast Asia. 
What is it that we bring to the table in terms of distribution relationships that we have in those 
regions? 
Ketan Patel: 
So you have a very good question. We realized when we started the Honeywell business in 2017-
18, that to get a larger scale and to get lot of people because the consumer in Southeast Asia, 
consumer in Middle East spends a lot of money on this products than they spend in India and 
we realized that much earlier and then for example, if you want to go to Germany to get your 
dye done, then probably your MOQ’s for manufacturing should be higher. So we set up a wholly 
owned subsidiary for us in Hong Kong and that helps us to get our material shipped to the whole 
of Middle East and when we start Southeast Asia, then the whole of Southeast Asia and then 
you approach distributors at the various countries, so in Middle East Redington distributes parts 
of Honeywell products there. And then every country has their own set of smaller distributors 
who cater to the mom-and-pop stores. And we currently have manpower in Middle East as a part 
of that and now since our portfolio with audio also would get completed by March-April, we 
plan to go to Egypt, Turkey, whole of Middle East from the next financial year, that is April. 
And Honeywell also helps you to take part, so wherever Honeywell takes part in exhibition we 
can also take part and be as a Honeywell stall and when somebody approaches from the various 
countries Honeywell helps us to identify distributors for that place. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
In India, how many dealers or retail customers do you have relationship with or connections? 
Ketan Patel: 
In all we have close to 8000 partners who have built with us, but we do not consider them as our 
regular partners. So we have internal protocol where a customer if he bought material more than 
three times a month then only considered to be our active customer. So currently our active 
customer cadence was always between 2000 to 2200. But after Ckart coming into picture, 
currently we are at almost close to 3000, because of the drop shipment customers prefer to buy 
smaller quantity’s also. So out of 8000, 3000 customers would buy more than two to three times 
a month. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Last question is I was just seeing a related party transaction, there are 2-3 companies like 
Compunix Technologies, Secure Connection, BitTech the rule our company seems to have quite 
a few transactions, and these are promoter owned companies, right? 
Ketan Patel: 
So I will just give you an example so you will get it, you said there are three companies; one is 
Secure Connection, right? So for Honeywell business we do all our business through Secure 
Connection from Hong Kong. Because when you go to the market and you carry a Honeywell 
card, you do not want to carry a Honeywell and a distributor’s card because the other distributors 
may get offended. Second is Honeywell is a very-very strategic business and tomorrow you do 
not know, probably Honeywell may get interested into this business or somebody else may only 
get interested in that business, so that is why we got Secure Connection. Also in Secure 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Connection because when you want to represent a brand across say Asia, you require somebody 
who can really be the face of the brand. So we have Mohit Anand who is ex Head of APAC 
Microsoft in India and he was Head of Belkin also similar product like Honeywell for Asia he 
was there as a Director. So he is the face for that and that's why Secure Connection exists. 
BitTech is our services arm and most of the brands like GoPro, like Olympus, like Edelkrone, 
they do not have service centers here in India plus they do not have offices, so they require 
somebody for their marketing, material, money, and all they want to pay other than the 
distributor. So BitTech we used to have before, because before we got listed and I think I am 
talking to you 7-8 years, 9 years back we used to run Epson service centers, we used to run 
Transcend service centers through BitTech. So that's why BitTech exists and the whole point of 
BitTech is to help brands to get the RMA’s in place. 
Abhijit Kanvinde:  
Also, in Creative we are not doing any servicing, we are doing only sales. So it is a different 
entity and different arm which we have created. 
Ketan Patel: 
And last is Compunix. For Compunix is a company where I hold some shares and that is why it 
comes into the related party transaction (at arm’s length) and for a while since it is a small 
business, we had thought that probably we would close it down. But when the Honeywell 
opportunity came in 2018 end, we said we should keep this company so that it helps us to foray 
into Middle East and it can help for a while Secure Connection because it is in Hong Kong to 
get the manpower and people in places. So that is the logic for all the three companies. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
And just to clarify is there any plan in terms of clients to consolidate everything under one roof, 
so that there no questions regard related third-party transactions now? 
Ketan Patel: 
So for Secure Connection we will not be able to consolidate, because a lot of times when you go 
to hunt a talent for example, I am saying right. A talent wants to not work for a multi distribution 
or a market entry specialist. A talent wants to work for only a brand, and he wants to carry a 
brand card. So when my people say go to Sri Lanka they carry a Honeywell brand card and on 
the backside is written that licensee. So that is why probably this could be there, BitTech is 
minuscule and if it is of any hinderance, we can really separate that out or probably if Abhijit 
one point of time says that we want to start RMA services and repair services under Creative 
then definitely it can get consolidated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prasad Kulkarni, an Individual Investor. 
Prasad Kulkarni: 
This question is regarding our imaging product. We have Olympus and ZEISS in our portfolio. 
They have very significant presence in medical surgical imaging equipment like, surgical 
cameras and robotic surgery and all. So do we have any plan in future to capture this market 
also? 
Ketan Patel: 
Actually I would say that you have studied the brands very-very well and Olympus has 87% 
market share in medical equipment and endoscopy camera and similarly ZEISS is the leader in 

 
Creative Peripherals & Distribution Limited 
 
February 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
lenses and but one of them is a Japanese company and second is a German company. And they 
move on their own pace and they want to be really-really sure before going further. So from both 
the premises while we may be interested the companies may take some time to choose that is 
the first part. And second also is that we really do not have that required skill set to market 
because the customer will be a doctor and whether distribution works in this space or whether 
the distribution does not work in this space. We really do not know that, so whenever we get the 
opportunity, we will have to reevaluate it. But a straightforward answer to your question is we 
do not think anything in the next 18 to 24 months happens. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
However, I would like to add on ZEISS, ZEISS also has camera lenses and cinematography 
camera lenses, so that is something which is in line with our strength in the imaging division and 
possibly if something comes up in that then we are surely going to take it up because it is in the 
same channel. 
Prasad Kulkarni: 
One more a small addition, because seems we deal in B2B segment, right now almost 80 to 85% 
of Indian medical sector is still controlled by the individual hospitals and these individual 
hospitals they do not have direct access to this big brands like Olympics or Zeiss. If someone 
like our company ventures into this area and we can fill this gap, this can be a very exciting field 
and the margins can be very high. 
Ketan Patel:: 
Thank you so much for that Mr. Kulkarni and I just tell you that we have an IIT-Bombay alumnus 
Mr. Anish Kulkarni, who is working closely on Ckart along with Purvi is also a founder and the 
whole digitization initiative of Creative is under Anish. And Anish used to work with Phillips 
for 5 years and in their medical equipment division. And he had also suggested a similar thing, 
but while talking to him we understood that we would have taken a different kind of ISO 
certification to be into the medical equipment thing. And we had a good discussion now based 
on your suggestions we will actively look into that and report back to you probably if you are 
there on the next quarter’s call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as this was the last question for today, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ketan Patel for closing comments.  
Ketan Patel: 
I thank the entire team of Creative for their untiring efforts, hard work and dedication, which 
makes the company resilient to upheavals such as the pandemic. Also, I appreciate all of you for 
participating in our conference call. Please do get in touch with our investor relations team for 
any other further questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Bridge Investor Relations Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
