Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 06, 2021 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G. 13lock, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Murnbai-400 051 
Symbol- DHANUKA 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Ltd. 
Ph.iroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code : 507717 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on 02"" Februat;y. 2021 with Analysts/ Investors to 
discuss Un-Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for 
the Nine Months and Quarter ended on 31st December. 2020. 
Dear Sir, 
In pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed the Transcript of Conference 
Call held on 02"" F'cb 2021, which were hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited through virtual 
mode with J\nalysts/ Investors to discuss Un-Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results 
of the Company for the Nine Months and Quarter ended on 31st December, 2020. 
Please take above information in your record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
Forೣ
D
hanuka Agdto
·
,_ ೣ
 eel 
A (} 
-So 
arw 
<.:. 
. . 
;:: 
J lt1 
I 
:::; 
Company Sec re taೣ
 
ce Officer 
FCS-7612 
* 
Enc/- 
Registered Office: 82, Abhinash Mansion, 1" Floor, Joshi Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi-110005, Ph.: +91 011-23534551 & 23534557 
Corporate Office : Global Gateway Towers, Near Guru Dronacharya Metro Station, MG Road, Gurugram • 122002, Haryana 
Tel.: +91-124-434 5000, E-mail: headoffice@dhanuka.com, Website: www.dhanuka.com 
CIN: L24219DL1985PLC020126 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Dhanuka Agritech Limited Q3 FY-21 Post Results 
Conference Call” 
 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M. K. DHANUKA - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
DHANUKA AGRITECH LIMITED 
MR. HARSH DHANUKA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR, 
DHANUKA AGRITECH LIMITED 
MR. V. K. BANSAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
DHANUKA AGRITECH LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANISH MAHAWAR - ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
N 
呸 
N 
呸 
• A 
ANTIQUE 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dhanuka Agritech Limited Q3 FY21 Post 
Results Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder, all participants’ 
lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Thank you, Bikram. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking I would like to welcome all the 
participants on the call of Dhanuka Agritech. From the management we have Mr. M. K. Dhanuka 
– Managing Director; Mr. Harsh Dhanuka – Wholetime Director; and Mr. V. K. Bansal – Chief 
Financial Officer on the call. 
Without further ado, I would like to handover the call to Mr. Dhanuka for opening remarks. Over 
to you, Dhanuka Ji. 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Thank you, Manish Ji. Good afternoon friends. Ladies and gentlemen, hope you all are doing 
well and keeping safe. I M. K. Dhanuka, Managing Director of Dhanuka Agritech Limited would 
like to welcome all of you to Dhanuka Agritech Limited’s Q3 FY21 Results Conference Call. I 
have with me Mr. Harsh Dhanuka – Wholetime Director and Mr. V. K. Bansal – Chief Financial 
Officer of the company. 
 
Dhanuka is a leading agrochemical company in India. We specialize in formulated products and 
have a solution for almost every crop. Dhanuka have a strong diversified product portfolio. This 
is well distributed across insecticides, herbicides and fungicide segments. Dhanuka has a pan 
India presence with over 7,000 distributors and dealers and approximately 80,000 retailers. 
Dhanuka has three states of the art manufacturing facilities in Rajasthan, Gujarat and J&K. 
 
Dhanuka has shown stellar performance in the first half of FY21 with revenue, EBITDA and 
PAT growth of 35%, 65% and 63% respectively year-on-year. However, industry growth was 
muted in October and November led by prolonged rainfall especially in Southern India which 
contributes one-third of the industry’s agrochemical sales and two cyclones in the month of 
November has resulted in lower consumption of agrochemicals in South India. 
 
Further the insecticides category got impacted severely due to lower pest infestation. However, 
herbicides and fungicides categories continue to do well. The company has witnessed a healthy 
performance in a few top-line products like Targa Super, Chempa, EM-1, Lustre etcetera. 
Coming to the financial performance for the quarter, revenue from operations stood at Rs. 295.67 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
crores in Q3 of FY21 versus Rs. 271.48 crores in Q3 of FY20. Representing an increase of 
around 9%. 
 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 50.22 crores in Q3 FY21 versus Rs. 34.34 crores in Q3 of FY2020, up 
46.24%. EBITDA margins improved from 12.65% in Q3 of FY2020 to 16.98% in Q3 of FY21 
led by strong operating leverage. Profit after tax stood at Rs. 40 crores in Q3 of FY21 versus Rs. 
28 crores in Q3 of FY20, up 42.86%. 
 
PAT margins improved from 9.91% in Q3 of FY20 to 13.13% in Q3 of FY21. If you talk about 
9 months ending December 2020, our revenue from operations stood at Rs. 1,111.91 crores 
versus Rs. 892.5 crores in the same period in FY20, representing an increase of 24.58%. 
EBITDA for the said period stood at Rs. 204.48 crores versus Rs. 127.7 crores in the same period 
in FY2020, up 60.13%. 
 
EBITDA margins improved from 14.31% in 9 months ended FY20 to 18.39% in these nine 
months led by strong operating leverage. Profit after tax for nine months ending December 2020 
was Rs. 162 crores versus Rs. 102 crores in the same period in FY2020, up by 58.82%. I would 
like to congratulate the complete team for these good results. Now coming to the zone wise share 
of turnover for Q3 FY21, the North contributed 20%, East zone contributed 13%, West zone 
contributed 27% and South India contributed 39%. 
 
If for the South India sales would have not been impacted then the share of South Zone would 
have been even much better. Coming to the product category percentage share of turnover in Q3 
FY21, insecticides contributed 37%, fungicides contributed 19%, herbicides contributed 31% 
and others contributed 13%. During this quarter the company has bought back its Rs. 10 lakhs 
fully paid up equity share representing 2.1% of the total issued and paid up equity share capital 
of the company at the rate of Rs. 1,000 per equity share aggregating to an amount of Rs. 100 
crores and extinguished these shares on 13th November 2020. 
 
Consequently paid up share capital has been reduced by Rs. 20 lakhs. We are happy to announce 
that the board of directors have approved in today’s meeting for setting up a plant for technical 
manufacturing of pesticides that is backward integration process at its Dahej land in Gujarat. 
The company has a plot of approximately 137,000 square meters at Dahej, Gujarat which was 
acquired in the year 2013 which is in chemical zone. 
 
The setting up of this unit will involve an investment outlay of approximately Rs. 200 crores 
initially which will be managed from internal accruals of the company. Dhanuka proposed to 
appoint Shah and Talati, Vadodara as architect and structure engineering consultants who have 
45 years experience in this field. Also we propose to appoint Uday Consultancy, Valsad as basic 
and detailed engineering consultants who are having more than 25 years experience. 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
The setting up of said units will improve the company’s position with other players for procuring 
the raw material under the barter system. It will help the company to expand its market share 
and to open new avenues for the export of the company’s products. The company may explore 
in future for exports of intermediates the Japanese, American and European companies as per 
mutual agreement. The complete project plan for setting up this unit will be finalized within next 
six months. 
 
The board has decided that Mr. Kapil Dev Gajanand Vatse, Vice President of the company will 
be responsible and in-charge of this project. As you know Dhanuka regularly organize various 
seminars, Krishak Goshthis, Sammelans to educate our farmers about new innovative techniques 
of farming. Being India’s leading agrochemical company we are at the forefront of introducing 
digital solutions and innovations the streamlining policies and collaborating with indigenous 
entities to boost the integration of technology across business segments. 
 
In the same endeavor we have tried to boost our reach through online farmer interactions and 
aggressive use of TV advertisements for our key products such as Sempra and Targa Super. We 
are focused on expanding our market coverage through our network of distributors and our 
digital platform where we engage with the end consumer. We consider ourselves responsible to 
us securing the farmer’s welfare and preserving food security of the nation. We continue to 
strengthen our association with the farmer producer organizations Krishi Vigyan Kendra and 
other physical institutions to increase our business expertise and boost our market presence. 
 
Yesterday the budget was presented in the parliament and more focus was given on health and 
agriculture sectors. The credit for the farmers has been increased from Rs. 15 lakhs crores to Rs. 
16.5 lakhs crores. Apart from this the government has decided to further add 1,000 mandies 
through the eNam platform which will give benefit to the farmers to sell his crops at better prices 
which will ultimately improve the profitability of the farming community. So we hope that 
definitely this budget will further strengthen the agriculture and farmer’s financial conditions. 
 
To summarize at last, Dhanuka continues to demonstrate our liability to overcome challenges 
and emerge stronger despite uncertain business environment. We will aggressively roll out new 
formulations in the upcoming quarters and will ensure that it reaches to the consumer. I reassure 
our shareholders that we are committed to the task of transforming the landscape of agriculture 
in India and will play an integral role in rewriting the future of a better and new India. And on 
this note, I would like to handover the mike to operator to enable us to take the question-answers. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have our first question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congrats on good set of number plus the announcement on CAPEX. Sir, my first question is 
related to CAPEX. So herein we have said that the strategy is to expand market share and open 
up new avenues for exports. So currently I understand that we do not have any exports as of now 
so how are we going to go ahead with this particular strategy? Is it going to be new products, 
generics, branded generics? So if you could just expand little bit on this? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
You know the export is mainly happening for API. The technical exercise. Till now Dhanuka 
was only in branded sales, that is formulation. So formulation exports are happening. It is not 
that they are not there but they are very less in comparison to the technical exports. You can be 
basically viable in exports only if you are manufacturing technical grade pesticides. So once 
Dhanuka has decided to enter into the backward integration in technical grade pesticides there 
will be export opportunities once the production starts taking place. So we will definitely explore 
the possibility of exporting the technical grade pesticides from India. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
The second question is in terms of reducing import dependency. I understand that most of our 
products are imported from Japan. So how will the scenario change once this particular facility 
comes to shape? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Actually Japanese products are most of them are either the patented products or they have their 
basically recipe secret with them. So those products are not available in China or anywhere in 
the world. So those products are special molecules and it is difficult to manufacture those 
molecules in India until and unless you have a tie up with that Japanese company. 
Definitely the products which we are importing from China they will be definitely start 
manufacturing initially and in case in the meantime Dhanuka is able to have a tie up with any of 
the Japanese companies then we will look into those areas of a tie up with Japanese company 
and start from this facility molecule in this unit. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So just concurrent question to this. So right now what is the percentage of imports that we have 
and may be 5 years hence how that will change once this facility comes on stream? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
We are having around 25% of our raw material consumption from imports so once we are able 
to establish our technical plant then definitely the share will reduce from 25% to may be in two, 
three years 20% or even lesser than that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from PGIM India. 
Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I have a basic question. Even when the prices of technicals were going up we were not very keen 
to invest on the backward integration. You always wanted to be a formulator company and we 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
believed this is a high margin and high ROC business what we were there. And the technicals 
was more cyclical business. That was the thought process what we always had. What has 
changed so dramatically that in last few months we want to be in I would say technicals. 
Can you elaborate more means what was happening one year back and why this is a norm means 
even when the prices of technicals were moving up we were not so keen but now we had thought 
of putting. Is it the right time also then because at some places we have said that price technicals 
are coming down? So some thoughts to get more clarity on this decision? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
You see lot of pesticides are being imported from China and in China also number of times the 
government becomes strict because of the pollution and there the prices start increasing and the 
availability also become question mark. Recently India was having some tensions at the border 
with China and because of this Covid event the foreign companies they are now preferring India 
as a better supplier in comparison to China. 
So we foresee that in times to come lot of exports will increase from India apart from the 
indigenous consumption. So considering the Chinese factor and reducing the dependency on 
China it is advisable to go ahead with the backward integration and we are hopeful that we will 
be in a better negotiation power after basically putting up a technical plant with other technical 
manufactures also. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one more question on this. See with the capacity what we are putting up Rs. 200 crores and 
we produce or what we sell in formulations are a number of products. So how many APIs or 
means would it be 5, 10, 15 products we could make on our own or means what percentage of 
our formulations would we be able to get backward integrated through this Rs. 200 crores 
CAPEX? Can you throw some light on that also? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
It is too early to say. In principle basically management has decided to enter into the backward 
integration technical manufacturing. Mr. Kapil Vatse has been appointed the Vice President for 
the project so he will work on the project and we have in my basically initial remarks I have 
already said that it will take six months time to further streamline the projects and we will come 
back to the investors once the things are taking shape. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one more thing. When we are talking about export opportunity which we will also look at 
so will that be formulation exports also you are talking about or you think even technicals you 
would like to export with this facility? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Mainly it will be technical but if there will be opportunity for formulation export also then 
definitely Dhanuka would like to explore those opportunities also. So both way we are open but 
major exports will be for technicals. 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Probal Sen from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Probal Sen: 
With respect to the project that is being undertaken any timelines you can put on it? You 
obviously said that you will take six months to sort of finalize the plant but from the time of 
finalization what sort of timeline are you realistically looking at to complete construction and 
really start sort of seeing production from this plant? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
It will take around 2.5 years time to basically start the production from there and although the 
things will streamline once the project report is in hand but I am talking an approximate time it 
will be around 2.5 years to 3 years time. 
Probal Sen: 
So sir, sitting here today we can comfortably say that it is basically about 3 years before this 
plant really starts to contribute to our numbers give or take, right? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Yes, approximately 3 years time definitely you can consider. 
Probal Sen: 
And the second question was sir, with respect to the product launch schedule any details you can 
give have any new products being launched in this quarter or any plans in Q4? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Yes, Harsh will reply to this question. 
Harsh Dhanuka: 
Yes, so we have introduced six new products in this year and out of them two of them were 93. 
In this current quarter we do not have any plan for further introduction. However, in the next 
financial year that is 2021-22 we have two new 93 products in the pipeline which will be 
introduced and some other co-market lead products will also be there. 
Probal Sen: 
Any color you can throw on these two products, the herbicides, fungicides? 
Harsh Dhanuka: 
Both of them are herbicides. 
Probal Sen: 
And the other question I had was with respect to FY22, I know you have mentioned this before 
that broadly the guidance still remains that barring any unforeseen monsoon related events 10% 
to 12% growth is doable on a consistent basis but given the high base that we are now working 
with where FY21 very clearly will be a record year. Are we still comfortable maintaining a 12% 
to 13% growth in revenue over the next couple of years or any other guidance you would like to 
give? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Absolutely we can expect a little bit of growth. 
Probal Sen: 
Sorry sir, I could not get you there? 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
See the monsoon we definitely can expect this much of growth in next 4 years to 5 years. 
Probal Sen: 
About 12% to 13% can be maintained, right? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
About 10%, 12%, yes. 
Probal Sen: 
The last question I had was sir, with respect to the other Opex that number has been fairly volatile 
going from Rs. 30 crores to about Rs. 40 crores and back to around Rs. 30 crores for this quarter. 
So while gross margins one can understand were perhaps impacted this quarter because of the 
higher freight rates and should get back to normal. In EBITDA terms from these levels, from Q3 
levels what kind of improvement should we be building in for FY22 on an annualized basis? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
You see improvement is absolutely very, very difficult sort of not possible now. Maintaining 
this level is also very difficult because this year was a different year it is not a normal year so 
whatever savings we have made in the other expenses side that is not possible in the next 
financial year. 
Probal Sen: 
So EBITDA we should be working with a broad range of around 16% to 17% or 17% to 18%? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
EBITDA I am expecting it would be in the range of between 16% to 17%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Ashish Thavkar from Motilal Oswal 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Sir, on this new CAPEX probably if you could help us understand in greater details as to whether 
you are also resorting to CRAMS kind of opportunities wherein obviously you said in your 
comments that with Japanese customers you will be wanting to manufacture technicals for them 
but apart from that anything like specifically on the CMO side of the business any global 
contracts with European players? Is it some kind of game plan there on the cards? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
No, nothing as on today. For future definitely we do not know. We are in negotiation with some 
of the Japanese companies but until any concrete agreement take shape we cannot basically 
comment anything right now. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Sir, on this Rs. 200 crores of CAPEX could you breakdown what is the growth CAPEX and how 
much would be the replacement CAPEX? 
Management: 
Please repeat your question please? 
Ashish Thavkar: 
On this Rs. 200 crores of announced CAPEX how much would be for the growth part and how 
much would be for the backward integration? 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Management: 
See it is too early to comment. It is just a ballpark figure because see management has basically 
shared their intention to go into the backward integration. It will take a little time. Once the 
things are ready we can see at that point of time. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
And sir, one last question. Would we fall into the new tax regime of 15%? 
Management: 
Absolutely not because this is our same company. For getting that advantage a separate company 
is must probably we will not get. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from AMSEC. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Sir, on this new CAPEX so if I understand the initial focus will be for backward integration and 
then on the export. So once the production start then may be for the first year it will be entirely 
better integration with the manufacturing and then from second year we should see additional 
revenue coming in? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Your voice was not clear basically please repeat the question and little loud. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Yes, sir, I was saying for the first year the commencement of the operation it will be largely 
backward integration and only from the second year we should expect any incremental revenue 
coming in from the new technical manufacturing plants? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Yes, you are right. Initially it will be backward integration and once basically things streamline 
then definitely we will look for export as another opportunity. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
So this backward integration will help in terms of like what kind of margin expansion we are 
looking at or is it more of securing the supply on time that is one of the key reason why we are 
looking at? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
You see it is very early to comment as I had already shared management has shared their intent 
only so far now. So it will take little time. Once they are ready we will share it. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
And one more thing like to setup the technical manufacturing plant you will require more 
investment in R&D and people having the expertise so you are also looking at some setting up 
of the larger R&D center or that kind of thing over the next couple of years? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Still it is difficult to comment from the time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Varshit Shah from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Varshit Shah: 
Just follow up on this expansion. How much this total Rs. 200 crores is towards land or is it fully 
towards machinery? That is question number one. And what is the tentative IRR zone you are 
looking for this kind of project? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
The land was purchased by the company in the year 2012 or 2013 so that is already in the books 
of the company. There will no fresh investment in land. I am talking that is ballpark. Only 
tentative figure. As Mr. Bansal has shared that the management has just shown the intent to enter 
into the backward integration. We have recently taken Mr. Vatse as the Vice President-Project 
and once the things are finalized then we will further share the details with you. 
Varshit Shah: 
And secondly, you mentioned it will take approximately 2.5 years to 3 years from now. So would 
we see any volumes coming in at the end of FY22 or in somewhere in 2023 or it will be very 
negligible as per your plan as of today? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
As shared once the project report is there only then we will be able to share the details. It is only 
in very basically infant stage. So once it starts maturing then we will share the details. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, I think that after every quarter you have been chased and asked on the same question that 
any intent on putting a plant or backward integration and finally we hear the announcement. So 
sir, you have repeatedly being saying that you have always been evaluating this option for 
manufacturing but now you have finally decided on and I understand that right now it is at intent 
state so many things may not be clear and as going forward may be next six months you may 
come up with more plans. 
Sir, what I want to know that you have always mentioned and maintained that you do not want 
to only go into manufacturing for the sake of backward integration only to meet your own 
requirement until unless you see the bigger opportunities in exports primarily. You would not 
be comfortable putting a plant. Sir, as a company Dhanuka has almost maximum number of 
relationship with the global players with almost 10 plus players you have the relationship and 
has been sourcing and selling their products in India. 
Sir, before getting into manufacturing did you discussed any of your these relationships your 
intent and did you get any kind of comfort or any assurance that you may get any manufacturing 
opportunities from them and that can lead to some export opportunity for you going forward? 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
We are talking with definitely our Japanese partners but nothing concrete. These are only at 
discussion stage. Once any concrete things takes place then definitely we will let you know but 
no any agreement or no any commitment as on today. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So as of now that your generic business which is roughly one-third of your total revenues it 
means that roughly Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 400 crores. For that only you need probably all these 
material which generally comes from China and as of now you plan to only put the plant for 
these generic materials and backward integration only so is that right to understand sir? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
I cannot comment right now as I told you once the project report is ready in next six months time 
then definitely I will come out with the figures. At present I cannot basically make any comments 
on your query. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Okay sir, we will wait for more quarters to get some more clarity on that. On sir, current quarter 
numbers definitely you have done a great job in 9 months and every quarter has seen a strong 
growth at bottom line. Sir, but that last portion of the bottom line has also come from the 
restricting your employee expenses and other expenditure. So we have seen that though your top 
line growth in nine months have increased by almost 24% your employee expenses and other 
expenses have been curtailed almost at the last year level that lead to margin a bit expansion at 
EBITDA level. 
Sir, do you see that you have been cautiously cutting down on the expenses and now with the 
top line growth coming back all these expenses are going to increase at a sharper rate in next 
year or they will have a growth in line with the top line growth? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
You see as per other expenses are concerned definitely there will be increase significantly in the 
next year. This year the expenses were lower because of Covid but as far as employee cost is 
concerned that will not grow I hope in more than say around say 10% kind. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So other expenses you see that can increase much sharply next year may be even higher than the 
top line growth of 10% to 12% which you are expecting? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Yes, that is what you are absolutely right. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So we have not seen and the continuing of this question only, so we have not seen any significant 
expansion in gross margins this year though we have seen that EBITDA growth was driven by 
below gross profit expenditures. So sir, you see that there is a pressure on margins next year if 
we cannot improve our gross margins in near future sir? And with the rising price of imports and 
raw material cost do you see that there is any opportunity in expansion of gross margins? 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
I think you are saying EBITDA margin is basically driven by the saving of the employee cost or 
other expenses, I am not convinced with your argument because the large is driven by the 
expense and the gross margin as well. And if you see the Q3 numbers our expense and the gross 
margin is 199 basis points. So that is a significant part. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Yes sir, there has been a little bit improvement but do you see that there is further scope on gross 
margin expansion or it will remain at best in the current level only? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
There is an improvement of 200 basis point is a little bit then yes, if it is little bit then it is little 
bit. I think it is very difficult to see go beyond that. And two are in the same, 200 basis points 
we are very comfortable and happy with the type of expense in margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Saumaya V from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Saumaya V: 
Congrats on this new announcement. I was one person personally asking you every time on this 
investment. We sincerely hope that you go the CRAMS model and not do too much of generic 
sir. That is just at least from my side I will just say that and we will await to hear more from you 
in the next six months. Sir, my question essentially is about the I mean most of it have been 
answered but from a next year’s standpoint how do you see the I mean any rough guidance 
because we are having a significant base effect that has already been there. How should we see 
the broad industry growth for us? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
You see basically India is consuming one of the lowest pesticides in the world and government 
is basically focusing on increasing the agriculture and the income of the farmer. The government 
is checking about doubling the farmer’s income by 2022. Even in yesterday’s budget Mrs. 
Nirmala Sitharaman has categorically said that they want that the farmer should get minimum 
50% profit on his core stock produced. 
So that way there is lot of opportunities from India for export also. So the consumption of 
pesticides is also expected to increase in India. So that is why we are hopeful that Dhanuka will 
be able to deliver 10% to 12% growth if the monsoon is normal. 
Saumaya V: 
Okay 10% to 12% revenue growth is what you are highlighting? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Yes. 
Saumaya V: 
And how is the raw material scenario now from China any price improvements we are seeing 
any rough number that you can guide I mean the rough average cost for you to have been 
reducing by what percentage or anything that you can guide on this? 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
The prices in China are on increasing trend because of the two, three reasons. One is the raw 
material use in manufacturing of intermediates and pesticides with technical. They are 
increasing. Number two, because of the Covid some of the factories in those provinces have 
been shut down and thirdly because of non availability of containers the freight cost has tripled. 
Earlier one FCL of 20 feet was coming at $1,000 from China. Now the cost has gone $3,000 per 
container. 
So because of these three reasons the prices have increased in China for most of the raw 
materials. Let us hope that May possible after three moths the prices stabilize and starts coming 
down but at present the prices are on the rise. 
Saumaya V: 
On an average base how much is the increase like versus last year to last couple of quarters to 
now any rough average that if you could give us? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
In comparison to last quarter may be around 6%, 7% increase. It depends on product to product. 
In some of the products the increase is even up to 20% and some products are at par, some 
products are 5% to 10% so on an average you can say 6%, 7% increase. 
Saumaya V: 
And just one final question. Because you are doing this CAPEX now would it be fair to say that 
we may not expect dividends in the fourth quarter or you would really go ahead sir? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka has already rewarded its shareholders by doing a buyback of Rs. 100 crores at the rate 
of Rs. 1,000 per share. So dividend as we are giving dividend so for the sake of dividend 
definitely we will give dividend to a nominal expense but otherwise apart from the CAPEX we 
have already rewarded the shareholders for FY21. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
I just had a follow up on the question on the CAPEX part. In the past one of the reasons also we 
should say so we have this whole approach of focusing on formulation and having an asset light 
model because the foreign partners used to have a more concentrated manufacturing and supply 
chain approach. And they were not willing to share the technology and hence we continued with 
this model as well. 
So now what are we when we are talking to them and when we have decided to go with this 
approach of CAPEX and backward integration what is the communication we are getting from 
them in terms of the technicals is there a change in thought process or if you can just elaborate 
a bit more on that? 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
As I shared earlier that because of the China relationships with India as well as globally the 
companies the importers are giving preference to India in comparison to the China. And India is 
largely depended on China for the generic products whether it is intermediates or technical grade 
pesticides. So there is lot of opportunity for exports of technical grade pesticides from India. 
So considering the export opportunity as well as the demand in India because lot of captive 
consumption is there in brand also by Dhanuka. So once Dhanuka has decided to go into the 
backward integration so we will do captive consumption. Apart from this we will supply 
indigenously to other formulations and we look for the export opportunities. So these will be 
three avenues for which seeing the futuristic approach we have decided to enter into this field. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
But when it comes to say those specialty molecules which we have through our partnership with 
the MNC partners is there a thought process in sourcing or localizing those as well the AIs here 
is there a change in thought process of the partners or that is outside the ambit for now? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
No, at present there is no basically tie up with any of the global partnerships but definitely we 
are discussing with one of the Japanese companies. Once anything take shape we will definitely 
share with you but as on today we have decided to enter into the field with the generic products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Hemang Khanna from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Hemang Khanna: 
Sir, just wanted to understand that we were indicating that inputs from Chinese has been on a 
rising trend sir, just to understand that from a gross margin perspective for the fourth quarter. 
Would it be fair to say that we did about 42.8% in the previous year in fourth quarter? Would 
there be a very sharp moderation from this as you have indicated about 6% decline, it is 6% 
higher inputs and about 25% of our total comes from China. So should we still be comfortable 
somewhere at about 40%, 41% margin all across margins for the coming quarter? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Actually the question is not clear, will you please repeat the question? 
Hemang Khanna: 
Sir, I was trying to get a sense of the gross margins which we look at for the next quarter. So in 
the fourth quarter on a YoY basis our gross margins were about 42.8%. Would it be fair to say 
that in the coming quarter we should be able to be somewhere at about 40%, 41% on the gross 
margin basis or would the contraction in margins be sharper because of the China impact? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
I think the gross margin in fourth quarter would be in line with the last year gross margin in Q2. 
It should be similar to the last year. The prices we are passing on to the customer so that is why 
we will pass on whatever the price increase we are getting on the raw materials. 
Hemang Khanna: 
And sir, just to get a sense what would be our CAPEX numbers when we look for FY22-23? 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
As I shared it is only at infant stage so presently we cannot say but once we have decided in to 
enter definitely it will be much higher in comparison to earlier year so how much CAPEX will 
be there in next financial year once the project report is ready then we will be able to share with 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, one question is about the Dahej land. So we have planned Rs. 200 crores of CAPEX. How 
much more CAPEX can be done at this particular facility? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
As I shared it is too early to basically comment. It is just a ballpark figure so basically once the 
project report is ready by our Vice President and the Project Incharge we will be able to share 
more details in next con call. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sorry my question I did not put it rightly. So sir, on this particular land how much the entire 
CAPEX can be done beyond Rs. 200 crores I mean the land bank can access a CAPEX of Rs. 
400 crores, Rs. 500 crores that is what I meant? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
So we have around 37 acres of land so we will see how much land is being utilized for the first 
phase of the project. So in second phase definitely there is possibility to increase the CAPEX if 
we decide to go for the second phase. But everything will be clear once the report is ready and 
we will share more details by next year. 
There is huge possibility because the land area is 37 acres. So there is definitely more opportunity 
to have more CAPEX and increase the number of molecules to be manufactured over there so it 
will depend on that that how much capacity we will build over there. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And sir, second question in terms of product pipeline so we have already mentioned that for the 
next couple of years we have around 8 to 10 products in the pipeline. Beyond that whatever 
products we are currently working on say for the third, fourth, fifth year so are we thinking of 
putting up the technical manufacturing at this particular new project from a long term product 
pipeline perspective? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
No, the new project for the backward integration is presently for the generic manufacturing only 
because there are lots of exports for generic happening from India and there is good consumption 
in-house by the company in branches. So considering both these parameters opportunity for 
exports, opportunity for the institutional sales as well as for self consumption. We are going 
ahead with the manufacturing of generic products and if anything matures with any of the 
Japanese partners then definitely we will come out and we will share with the investors. 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Sir, I have just two questions. So first is as you mentioned in your opening remarks that there 
has been some impact in the Southern India because of monsoon and the cyclonic impact. So 
what we have heard is that there has been sowing has actually deferred and we have seen a good 
improvement in the months of January. So is that something which will just got deferred and not 
fully got impacted let us say in quarter 3? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
You are absolutely right Mr. Jain that the sowing has taken place in especially Andhra and 
Telangana so both these states have shown good growth in the month of January and the things 
are reviving. So we are hopeful that like January, February and March should also show good 
growth from South India and last year because of the lockdown we have suffered since in the 
last week of the March. 
So this year last week of March will also give us a reasonable sales because the staff basically 
to complete their targets they try to basically do the sales in the last week of March so we hope 
that as per our earlier guidance we will definitely able to achieve our targets this year. 
Resham Jain: 
Sir, my second question is on competitive landscape and you have highlighted that in your 
second quarter call that lot of this smaller marginal players are seeing some impact earlier 
because of their factories not running at good utilization and now we are also hearing that 
because of this Chinese logistical issues increasing cost and all again some of the importers are 
facing lot of challenges. So how do you see the overall competitive landscape in this context? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Yes, you are right, Mr. Jain that because of these central insecticide both and the custom 
department has become very strict and rigid on the documentation and the legality part. So the 
consignments which used to be imported in India from unauthorized sources instead of the 
approved sources they have now stopped. So only where you have the authorized stores 
registered with central insecticide board only those consignments are now being cleared by the 
customs. 
So some as per information number of consignments of various companies have been detained 
at the customs especially at Nhava Sheva port so in future we are expecting that it will have the 
impact on the spurious and basically duplicate manufacturers so which will basically give the 
benefit to the genuine manufacturers. So we hope that this will also give a growth to the genuine 
manufacturers because the phase of the illegal manufacturers will be minimized. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the last question from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from PGIM 
India. Please go ahead. 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I had a question on this slide #7 which is on the innovation turnover index. If we look at it FY16-
17-18 and till FY19 we were around 20% and 17% but which has fallen to 12% and 11%. What 
would be the reason because we have launched a number of products in last few years but still 
revenue from new molecules has tapered down quite significantly in last three to four years? 
Can you elaborate on that? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Yes, you are right. It is fall down less 12% this year. It is mainly because of you see few products 
you see in the year probably in 2018-19 we have not launched any new molecules. That is one 
reason. Secondly, few molecules we have launched we could not make big molecule. That is the 
reason but however I am sure it will improve in the next financial year definitely. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And do we want to have a target or do we have a thought process that this much percentage of 
revenue we want to have from new molecules means any thoughts do we have? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
Yes, we have thought in our mind that it should be more than 15% plus. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have one last question from the line of Dhruv from HDFC Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv: 
Sir, in the earlier question you mentioned that the customs are restricting imports from 
unauthorized sources. What I used to understand is all imports have to be registered with the 
registration authority, the chemical registration authority. Is that not the case, I mean they can 
also import from unauthorized non-identified sources also? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
There are a number of cases some of the you can spurious manufacturers, they are importing in 
the name of chemicals or the intermediates for which there is no registration required. Chemical 
are freely tradable and imported, there are no registration. So they are importing in the name of 
chemical instead of pesticides. For pesticides technical grade also they basically were able to 
clear just showing that the product is manufactured by that company. 
They were importing from the traders but basically showing it as the manufactured by that 
authorized source. So they were creating some documents which is basically on the basis which 
they were able to clear the consignment from customs and customs was basically not knowing 
the exact CIB guidelines but now they have become very strict and they are not clearing the 
consignment until and unless it is from the authorized source approved by the concerned 
insecticide board. So because of which number of consignments has been withheld at Nava 
Sheva Port. So we do hope that these unauthorized imports will be stopped in future and which 
will give a boost to the genuine manufacturers. 

 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
February 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock Broking for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Thanks, Vikram. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to thank the team of Dhanuka 
Agritech for providing us an opportunity to host the call. Dhanuka Ji, would you like to make 
closing comments, sir? 
M. K. Dhanuka: 
I have already covered and as Mr. Resham Jain was talking that January in South India has 
shown good growth. So it is expected that February, March should also remain good as far as 
Rabi season is concerned. So we are confident that Dhanuka will be able to perform well in the 
fourth quarter also and this year will be a very good story year for Dhanuka because we will be 
achieving the all time record high top line as well as bottom line growth. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining with us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
