 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“Transcript of Earnings Conference Call of Advanced Enzyme Technologies 
Limited for Q3FY21 and 9MFY21” 
January 15, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MUKUND KABRA – ADVANCED ENZYME 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. BENI PRASAD RAUKA – GROUP CFO, ADVANCED 
ENZYME TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANUBHAV ADLAKHA – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
CIN: L24200MH1989PLC051018 
Registered Office: Sun Magnetica, A Wing, 5th Floor, 
LIC Service Road, Lousiwadi, Thane (W) – 400604, India 
Tel: +91-22-4170 3200 Fax: +91-22-2583 5159 
Email ID: info@advancedenzymes.com, www.advancedenzymes.com 
 
 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and a very warm welcome 
to the Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for Q3 FY21 and 9M FY21. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anubhav Adlakha from Antique 
Stock Broking. Thank you and over to you, Anubhav.  
Anubhav Adlakha: 
Good evening everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock 
Broking and ITI Capital, we thank you for joining us on the 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies third quarter and 9 months 
FY21 Earnings Call. Today we have with us Mr. Mukund 
Kabra – Director and Mr. BP Rauka – Group CFO with us. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the 
management followed by an interactive question and answer 
session. At the outset, I would also like to clarify that certain 
statements made or discussed on the call today may be 
forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been including in the investor communication shared with 
you earlier.  
To begin with, Mr. Kabra will share with us the operating 
performance and the growth plans of the company followed 
by Mr. Rauka who shall be taking us through the financial 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
and segmental performance. I will now hand over the call to 
Mr. Kabra for his opening comments. Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
Mukund Kabra: Thank you. Good evening everyone. It is my pleasure to 
connect with you and convey our Quarter 3 results of the 
financial year 2020-21. I would like to congratulate everyone 
for staying strong during the pandemic and wish good luck 
ahead as we are working towards achieving normalcy. In the 
first part of this conference call, we will take you through the 
earnings and the business highlights followed by the 
question and answer session. Now I would like to give some 
highlights on the operational aspects. Despite of persisting 
COVID pandemic situation we are able to maintain our 
international sales. Revenue in our US Company has gone 
up by 7.5% during this quarter and by 1% during 9 months, 
even we had a loss of sale of 5.47 million from the biggest 
customer in the first 9 months of the last financial year. 
Supply chain and logistical issues faced during the lockdown 
are being solved slowly. However, freight cost has gone up 
significantly, in some cases three times to four times. All our 
manufacturing units are running efficiently and progressing 
well towards normalcy. Our R&D units are operational, and 
we are working as per given Government guidelines.  
Now let me take you through business updates. Moving 
ahead we announce that we are positive at all fronts and 
working towards our goals. As we are aware, we strongly 
believe in delivering long-term value to our shareholders. In 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
past, we have explained that our annual financial results are 
more relevant to derive our performance and not the quarter-
on-quarter results. In the last time, we said that this year we 
will be EBITDA positive, may be 4% to 5% on the revenue 
front and we are on our target. We are happy to say that for 
the EBITDA for 9 months stood at Rs. 176.6 crores which is 
48% of sales increased by 15% from Rs. 153.6 crore 46% of 
sale in financial year 20. Our PAT increased by 17% and 
stood for 9 months at Rs. 117.7 crores 32% as compared to 
Rs. 100.4 crores 30% in the previous financial year.  
I am glad to announce that we have decent growth in 
profitability because of our product mix. As mentioned in 
our last concall about the outlook for financial year 21 we 
are positive as everyone around the world in rebuilding and 
we hope there are no further lockdown. Now let me hand 
over this call to Raukaji our CFO who will walk you through 
the company’s financial. Thank you everyone. 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
Thank you very much Mukund. I will just take you 
briefly through the company’s financials for the 9 months of 
FY21. Revenue in 9 months has increased by about 10% 
from 3,337 million to 3,686 million. This was mainly driven 
by growth in our human nutrition of about 421 million. 
Although, there was reduction in the animal nutrition 
business of about 66 million and bioprocess business of 
about 6 million. During 9 months, we also witnessed some 
overall rupee depreciation of 6%. So our international sale is 
up from 1,911 million to 1,948 million increase of about 2%, 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
but since rupee has depreciated by 6% so overall it is 4% 
down in that sense. AU sales that is our US subsidiary 
company and the sale is up by 1% as Mukund already 
mentioned in spite of the fact that we have lost sales of about 
5.47 million which was there in 9 months of FY20.  
So in spite of that sale being not here we recouped our sale 
and we have 1% increase in the revenue of our subsidiary 
company in US. Domestic sale is up by 22% this is in India 
from 1,426 million to 1,738 million. The EBITDA increase 
is mainly driven by increase in gross margins because of the 
higher sales although expenses, which has also increased like 
employee, cost which is like annual increment and some 
increase in our other expenses because of some GST, taxes 
and other expenses being higher as compared to last year 9 
months. Our profit before tax has increased by 20% Rs. 266 
million from 1,316 million to 1,626 million during these 9 
months. This is mainly because of the improvement in gross 
margin as finance cost is not significant and has reduced so 
there is some savings because the working capital limits we 
have not utilized. Apart from this, payment of term loans by 
our subsidiary company so there is fall in the finance cost. 
Other income was up in 9 months as compared to last year 
because of some PPP grant we have got in our US Company 
and depreciation cost has increased slightly during these 9 
months.  
Our PAT is up by 17% from 1,004 million to 1,177 million it 
is a roughly 118 crores from 100 crores in last 9 months. The 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
increase has mainly driven by increase in gross margins and 
increase in other income as mentioned earlier. Taxes have 
increased by 93 million because of higher income before tax 
and some impact. Of course, during this particular quarter 
because we have worked out our tax provisioning based on 
the new tax regime this has been enacted by Government of 
India during finance bill 2019 so that impact has been taken 
into account based on your working that which one is going 
to be more beneficial to the company. So because of that the 
tax liability outgo cash flow will be definitely lower by 
about 6 million, but deferred tax is higher because due to 
impact of MAT and due to deferred tax assets being reversed 
and the deferred tax liability has increased by about 25 
million. This was for 9 months Q-on-Q again there is 
increase of 14% in our revenue top line so it is about 1,377 
million as compared to 1,204 million increase of 173 million 
during the quarter. EBITDA is up by 79 million and PBT is 
up by 90 million, PAT is up by 58 million.  
Therefore, you can see an upward trend during this quarter. 
Year-on-year again the increase is about 23% on the revenue 
top line of 258 million from Rs 1,119 million to Rs 1,377 
million. EBITDA is increased is about 26% this is Rs 664 
Million from Rs 529 million. PBT is up by 30% and PAT is 
up by 28%. So, the PAT during this particular quarter is Rs 
443 million as compared to Rs 346 million of the last 
quarter. And a couple frequently asked questions, which I 
would like to place before you. Evoxx is EBITDA positive 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
in 9 months and JC Biotech sales is up to 354 million in 9 
months. Our largest enzymes for Pharma industry stood at 
854 million in 9 months as compared to 762 million in 
previous year 9 months and during this quarter 365 million 
as compared to 289 million in the corresponding quarter of 
the previous year. So, this was from my side and now we 
would commence question and answer session and open this 
house for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, We will now 
begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Raghav Kapoor from Active Alpha. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghav Kapoor: After Mr. CL. Rathi departure which is around two years ago 
we have not seen a replacement to him come on board, when 
are you planning on bolstering the management team, in the 
management team at this point we do not have a dedicated 
CEO or COO to the business? 
Mukund Kabra: So the CEO is like Board’s call at present we have a 
structure and the Whole Time Director is working as a CEO.  
Raghav Kapoor: So it is Mukund you are the CEO right now. 
Mukund Kabra: Yeah so, I am working or acting as a CEO. 
Raghav Kapoor: Okay but this is a temporary thing, or you are going to be 
there permanently? 
Mukund Kabra: I am going to be there permanently. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
Raghav Kapoor: Any addition to your team in terms of COO or someone like 
that who assists you. 
Mukund Kabra: Not right now we are working on all the structural thing at 
this point of time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shikha 
Mehta from Equitree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Sir could you give the R&D cost for the quarter and for 9 
months and could you give the breakup of how much 
revenue comes from our top 10 clients for the quarter and 9 
months? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
Top 10-customer sale number is about 47% during the 
quarter and for 9 months it is about 41% and R&D cost is 
about 4.5% of our top line.  
Shikha Mehta: 
And sir moving forward for the next two, three years could 
you tell us something about your growth plan or what you 
expect moving forward anything specific any new products, 
any acquisitions anything of that sort? 
Mukund Kabra: Shikha as we already like talked before also we cannot go 
like annual-to-annual basis or quarter-to-quarter basis we 
cannot exactly give the growth numbers, but yes, we plan to 
double our revenues in next five years so that is the goal. In 
terms of acquisition, that is a constant working what we are 
working on. We recently add one acquisition, which was a 
small acquisition, but we are working on more acquisition 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
and when the time comes, we will tell you about the 
acquisitions, the products, the segments of the products but 
we already say those are the segments, which we are 
working on like the Biocatalyst area, the animal feed area, 
the probiotics area.  
Shikha Mehta: 
So, is it fair to assume that given our current structure, we 
can double our revenue over the next couple of years and we 
do not as we might acquire something but looks interesting 
but even if we do not give in this current structure, we are 
capable of doubling our revenues over the next couple of 
years? 
Mukund Kabra: Not couple of years I already said five years. We are 
working on other plans like B2C in some of the segments but 
these are the focus area and even with acquisition or without 
acquisition, we are confident that we will make this 
guidance.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of MP 
Kulkarni, a private investor. Please go ahead. 
MP Kulkarni: 
My question is to the management team. The growth 
projection looks a bit unambitious in terms of the global 
trend of going away from chemical based pharma industry to 
natural resources based pharma industry. Therefore, why is 
the management not being more aggressive? Whether 
achieving 14% CAGR revenue growth during the next five 
years is going to be achieved with the existing capacities or 
expansion is necessary at the Brownfield sides? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Mukund Kabra: What you said is right, in our industry even you for example, 
you mentioned pharma API molecules are going to its more 
natural rather than chemical processes, but to develop the 
enzymes it needs longer time sometimes even one year, two 
years because it needs lot of protein which is involved in the 
process. Once it develops the enzyme it takes time for the 
customer to do the trial then they need to study the stability 
studies, need to go through the regulatory approval and the 
process is time consuming. So yes, we are working into 
these areas and again it is a cost involved and the time 
involved in the whole process. Therefore, you can work at 
three molecules at given molecules you cannot go with all 
the molecules right away because you need to use your 
resources very delicately. This is the reason like why we are 
saying, as at least we should be able to go with the 14% 
CAGR. Now coming back to the capacity, we have enough 
capacity and we feel that we should be able to achieve this 
with the existing capacity. Whenever the capacity level 
utilization will reach to somewhere around 80%, we will 
plan for our expansion. Expansion cost will not be very high 
because we have built up our structure in such a way that we 
can double our Pithampur plants capacity with some maybe 
about 60, 65 CR.  
MP Kulkarni: 
I am reasonably satisfied with your answer. By your tone, I 
can detect that you are being conservative with your answers 
but you can surprise us from the upside. 
Mukund Kabra: We cannot commit anything as of now. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swechha 
Jain from ANS Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Swechha Jain: 
Just a follow up questions. Like you said the plan to double 
our revenue next five years and you also addressed for the 
next caller separately as to how and when do you do this. If 
you could just guide us or throw some light how strategically 
or what are the key two or three things you think would be 
the main driver of this doubling the revenue over five years, 
I mean what would be the main pillars? 
Mukund Kabra: We divide our sales into the three major segments first is like 
human nutraceutical where we subdivided into the four-part 
nutraceutical, pharma then we have Biocatalyst and 
Probiotics. The Biocatalyst is the area, which, I just 
explained in the last question about the API, and we feel that 
this is one of the growth driver for us in the coming days at 
the same time the Probiotics is one of the growth driver. The 
other one is like nutraceutical where the B2C sales we 
expect to grow in the coming days. Now going to the second 
pillar is animal feed where we feel that, we will have growth 
in that area as well as the pandemic is over and we can move 
probably that area should also grow. Going to the third area 
is bio industrial process where we again subdivide into the 
food areas and nonfood areas and particularly in the food 
areas our focus is in the baking areas and we feel that should 
be another one our growth driver.  

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Swechha Jain: 
And if capacity expansion is required, we would do it as and 
when the requirement comes in right? 
Mukund Kabra: We do need a capacity capital 10 to 12 Crores as a 
maintenance capital every year, but besides whenever we 
will reach to somewhere around 80% we will start our 
capacity expansion. 
Swechha Jain: 
And sir just a bookkeeping question if you could let us know 
the cash and receivables as on 31st December? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
Cash is about 279 crores and receivables are about 70 
days of our top line.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha 
from Emkay Global Please go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
In the domestic business, we are seeing strong growth in this 
quarter. So, specifically in which segment we have 
witnessed strong growth and how much sustainable these 
are. I believe there would be some pent up demand also in 
some segment, but still some segment would have witnessed 
a sustained growth and how we should see basically the 
domestic business going forward income tax with pharma 
industry growth in India? 
Mukund Kabra: Rohit, you take the name in a sense like this quarter we had a 
strong demand from the pharma industry or one for our 
strong molecule. The largest molecule at the same time is the 
Probiotic. I would say that those numbers might not be 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
sustainable as we go on, as the numbers will come from 
some areas where I do not expect the area to grow that 
rapidly. We always feel that this area should not grow more 
than 5% of the growth on annual basis. Probably yes, there 
can be some growth, which we witnessed because of the 
pandemic situation or maybe the stock situation. But yes, we 
are optimistic about our year-on-year growth rather than the 
quarter-on-quarter growth.  
Rohit Sinha: 
And sir in pharma have we added new customers or it is 
existing customers where we have extended some growth? 
Mukund Kabra: I think it was more towards the existing customer. Some of 
the demand has come up because of the regulatory rules, 
which were like supposed to come from January. Probably 
they might have come up and there might be some slackness 
or something going forward because of that I could say only 
that much at this point of time.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Sir if you could help us with recent SSPL performance if 
possible, in this Q3 side and also if you can share debt in the 
number of SSPL? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
We have already shared those numbers Rohit. I mean 
it is there in the one of our upload, but I am not sure anyway 
SSPL as such the debt is about 16 crores on the books of 
SSPL, out of which I think roughly 12 crores will be retired 
and remaining we will continue because there is some 
borrowing from the bankers. So, that will continue and some 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
high interest-bearing debt will be retired out of the 
investment that we have done.  
Rohit Sinha: 
And any color on what sort of performance are there on this 
quarter I mean in first half we have reported close to 19 
crores sales, so any number for this Q3? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
Q3 numbers in fact this acquisition has happened on 
11 January 2021. So on 11th  January 2021 onwards we will 
be definitely tracking those numbers in the sense, but I think 
9 months numbers we might have shared that let me give 
you those numbers also. So that was I think about 30 crores 
and the PAT of about 2.1 crore that is how numbers are. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Sir any update on our new R&D facility, which we are 
working on? 
Mukund Kabra: Yes, we just got our land NA and we are under further 
development process now. We are like contacting the 
architect and other things and developing the plans now.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Last question on Evoxx side as you mentioned that with an 
EBITDA positive from there, so I mean was the sales also 
increased or this is just a cost optimization. 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
Sale has decreased, but yes, EBITDA is positive and 
that is a good news because they were badly affected 
because of the pandemic. Therefore, revenue is down, but 
overall the expenses are also contained in that sense. So, 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
overall like for 9 months you could see it is the EBITDA 
positive.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Sir if you can share Q3 numbers of Evoxx sales and 
EBITDA only? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
Q3 I think the revenue is about 7,80,000 Euros and the 
expenses are about 4,60,000 Euros. finance cost is about 
28,000 Euros and 9 months number I think I will give you if 
you want 9 months revenue of Euro 2.06 million as 
compared to Euro 2.36 million last year and EBITDA is 
about 260000 Euros as compared to about 500000 Euros last 
year then there is a finance cost of about 90,000 as compared 
to 80,000 so overall you could see that we are EBITDA 
positive in Evoxx. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal 
Bharadwaj from S Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Bharadwaj: Congratulations on wonderful numbers this time. Just had a 
couple of things to understand on a generic side. The first 
one is from the COVID-19 part, we have seen that utilization 
and now normalization in our revenues as well, but we see 
that the animal healthcare business has come down quite a 
bit while the human healthcare business that is already a 
larger chunk in the business has even grown further. So, 
wanted to understand that if there has is a change in the 
industry dynamics for the company for the COVID part and 
is it sustainable going forward. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
COVID has affected in addition to that in animal 
healthcare you might have noticed in couple of states have 
faced the bird flu situation as well. Therefore, our main sales 
as such is happening in domestic markets, exports were 
down in any case in last two quarters also because of this 
pandemic. Logistics were not available and there were many 
issues so that is the reason I think this animal healthcare 
segment has badly affected and that is not the focus area 
because of the change in the pattern of consumption. So 
people were like particular in India were avoiding to eat 
nonveg during this pandemic because of one reason this is 
known to everyone so that has impacted healthcare 
significant impacted down by 9 in that sense.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritu 
Chhabria an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ritu Chhabria: 
Sir we are seeing that there is huge dependency on the US 
part of the business, and you know with the North American 
market opening up now, are we equipped to capitalize on 
this opportunity? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
So the dependency in the sense this is our own 
subsidiary company and we head in that business since 1975. 
Of course, because of some impacts in 9 months during last 
year the revenue is not due significantly. Still, we can recoup 
that loss in sales. There is an increase of 1%. So that way 
now in the US business we could expand in this particular 9 
months. Our reach has increased mainly in B2C segment that 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
has grown very well. We market our own products through 
our online sales, website in addition we do market our 
products through a retailers and health practitioners. So, that 
segment is growing for us and giving us a very good 
visibility in this US market and in addition to that, this 
business of B2B has grew in these 9 months. So, we are 
definitely working to expand that particular market because 
it is a very big Nutraceuticals market in that sense. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of MP 
Kulkarni, a private investor. Please go ahead. 
MP Kulkarni: 
It was very encouraging to hear about your efforts to break 
into B2C market. Would it be possible for you to detail out 
the route to the market. Of course, you mentioned you are 
going with retailers and doctors clinics, gym etcetera, but are 
you also looking at partnering with major consumer goods 
companies or pharma companies so that they take care of the 
last mile marketing as well as the overall brand awareness 
and you simply concentrate on the product development and 
manufacturing? 
Mukund Kabra: We are working on B2C segments in the nutraceutical 
industry depending on our success in US market. We are 
very conservative we are not keeping our legs very 
aggressively we are just assuming that B2C nutraceuticals 
market in India particularly, but in US we are very strongly 
active there our model is more on a web based model and 
through the Amazon and that kind of model. In India, we are 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
also working on B2C segment particularly not only into the 
nutraceuticals but may be in the coming days we will come 
up the baking areas maybe in detergent areas and other 
industrial areas. Therefore, with the acquisition of Scitech 
we are working on a new type of delivery systems, in 
particular, these industries and we are working how to take it 
further to the customer.  
MP Kulkarni: 
I am sure it does not need any explanation to the group of 
people here, but B2C sales are much more preferred as a 
strategic avenue for growth because they are resilient to 
downturn and all. 
Mukund Kabra: So those are stronger sales not like dependent on too many 
people so over a longer run we need to get into B2C area. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitesh 
Shah from ICICI Direct. Please go ahead. 
Mitesh Shah: 
My first question is on new tax regime when you are 
expecting to take new tax issue? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
That as such or for accounting purpose we have 
already done our working during this 9 months and going 
forward that is the new rate that we will apply so we are not 
going to claim any kind of exemption that are otherwise 
available. So, the tax rate will be 25.17% as compared to 
29.12% as enacted and the effective tax rate probably will be 
about 25% to 26% in that sense going forward. 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Mitesh Shah: 
You are already there you mean to say. 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
Yeah during this year, yes we have done the working 
based on the new tax regime because that obviously be more 
beneficial to the company. 
Mitesh Shah: 
Second question is regarding more of the strategy actually in 
many of the companies like pharma industry and chemical 
companies are getting a huge inquiry across the world 
mainly because of China plus strategy, so can we be such 
kind of pent-up demand of inquiries for our companies and if 
yes then how we would tackle that? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
I did not get your question can you repeat this. 
Mitesh Shah: 
So basically, if you see because of the China issues many of 
the companies are looking at India a preferred partner. So 
many of the API companies across the world are looking at 
India as a preferred partner in the API and the chemical 
sector and many of the companies are putting extra CAPEX 
to ramp up their capacity as well, so is that kind of pent up 
inquiries or the sudden inquiries we have stayed in the last 
one year? 
Mukund Kabra: If you look into the China the enzyme industry is very 
different they do certain like a bulk enzymes or like the 
commodity enzymes, where like the Chinese players are 
present at this point of time. They will continue to be there in 
that area as of now the way we see, but yes, some of the 
pharma molecules. API Molecules manufactured in China 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
saw a big demand shift is happening in India. So, lot of APIs 
are been manufactured from the big API companies in India. 
We expect the biocatalyst area to grow because of all of this 
year. Some of the demand this year has been increased into 
the existing biocatalyst portfolio what we have even the 
numbers on a larger context is very small on the biocatalyst. 
Presently I feel like we are about 4% share in the biocatalyst 
area, but yes that kind of demand shift we can see.  
Mitesh Shah: 
Another question is regarding the second wave in Europe 
and the US. So, do you have any issues raised for the second 
wave of COVID? 
Mukund Kabra: Yes, are sales activities in Europe are facing some issues 
because of the second wave COVID-19. If you really look at 
it, we are hopeful to get bigger into the baking areas.  If you 
really look into our Germany office there is a lockdown from 
last one and half months and nobody is able to work or most 
of them are working from home similar situation at the 
customer levels so yes some trails are not being happening. 
Similarly, if you look into the US, it is getting slower 
because some of the inventory buildup might have happen 
during the first two quarters or three quarters because people 
were not sure whether the material would come or not come. 
This is my best guess at this point of time and probably as 
the pandemic is growing the demand is there, but there are 
lot of disturbances are there because of all this logistics and 
other things and the sales are getting affected. Therefore, it is 
very difficult situation to predict, but the things will evolve 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
in US and we will come to know in the coming days at 
present you can just guess.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh 
Jain from ITI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Jain: 
Sir this acquired entity what can be the peak revenue 
potential post the fund infusion and what kind of capacity 
expansion we can see the 30 crore which we have invested? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
So this capacity can increase to about I think 90% of 
existing capacity by infusing about another 10 crores or so. 
Therefore, we are working on that to expand that particular 
capacity also and the revenue based on the current scenario 
and after the expansion could go to up to 100 crores.  
Bhavesh Jain: 
From 27 crore in FY20? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
No, I am saying when you are asking how much it can 
grow based on that capacity right. So once, we expand the 
capacity one can go up to 100 crores that is what I am saying 
after investing this amount in expansion of the present 
capacity. 
Bhavesh Jain: 
Sir it seems this Q3 EBITDA or PAT margins is lower in 
that business so any significant because revenue is more or 
less same around 10 crores and you said for 9 month it has 
done a PAT of 2.1 crore and 6-month PAT was 1.6 crore, so 
any margin pressure over there? 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Beni Prasad Rauka: 
That is what I am saying right now the numbers are 
provisional so let me tell you those numbers again are all 
subject to audit so that once the audit and everything 
happens then we will be getting the final number. 
Mukund Kabra: I can add to something to this there are like lot of logistic 
cost, which has gone up and probably like lot of export is 
happening from SciTech. So may be the numbers might be 
lower, but those are unaudited numbers and we need to go 
through it as we are working on the audit numbers.  
Bhavesh Jain: 
And sir can you explain me with one example we have 
mentioned this it will provide new delivery system for our 
existing vertical so can you for benefit for all of us can you 
put one example how it will help us? 
Mukund Kabra: We are working on let us say like in pure markets there are 
lot of small bakery whose mixing capacity is let us about 60 
kg of flour in their mixes. Therefore, we are coming out with 
some kind of like effervescent tablets, which you just need to 
add into the water and that water you can use with the bread. 
Therefore, instead of like using several improvers what these 
people are using there is like lot of like unorganized market 
into this area where they might have to add about 0.3 to 
0.1% of the mix. You can simply add one tablet which can 
dissolve very fast, very concentrated and it can give you 
better results like the bread volume can go up the softness of 
the bread can go up the whiteness of the bread can go up and 
the better quality of the bread. It is easy for them to just go 

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
with it because even like in the smaller bakery it is very 
difficult for them to measure let us 0.300 gram or 0.400 
gram so they always have some losses and since there are 
like small player the quality is about a problem. So we are 
coming out with this kind of tablets and we going to all the 
different areas because now the quantities what you need to 
shape is very small and this is the way as we are building up 
this area.  
Bhavesh Jain: 
Sir initially it will be B2B? 
Mukund Kabra: It will be B2C in a sense like yes you might have to go to the 
distributors and some of the players, some of the people who 
are there and who has approached to that, but you might 
have to go and conduct lot of trials so yes, it is a B2C, but 
through the distributors.  
Bhavesh Jain: 
But we need to build the sales team and everything that 
process will be on for next years? 
Mukund Kabra: Some of the team is being built up by the distributor but you 
are appointing you are giving them with margins, and they 
can give it and some areas like you like need to travel with 
your team and we are using our existing textile team for this 
purpose and that is what is going on.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing 
comments.  

 
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited  
January 15,2021 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Mukund Kabra: Thank you everyone for asking lot of probing questions. We 
need all of your support. Thank you for all of your support. 
We wish you all the best and with that, I would like to 
conclude this call. Thank you again.  
Beni Prasad Rauka: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, On behalf of Advanced Enzyme 
Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference for 
today. Thank you for joining you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
