IO !J 
IOL CHEMICALS AND PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
IOLCP/CGC/2021 
01 st March 2021 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Security Symbol: IOLCP 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code: 524164 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call, post declaration of audited financial 
results for the quarter and nine months period ended 31st December 2020 
Dear Sir, 
In continuation to our letter dated 15th February 2021 regarding intimation of Schedule of 
analyst/ investors conference call - Q3 & 9MFY21, please find attached herewith the transcript 
of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 17th February 2021 post declaration 
of audited financial results for the quarter and nine months period ended 31st December 2020. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You, 
Head Office : 85, Industrial Area 'A', Ludhiana. 141 003 (Punjab) India CIN - L24116PB1986PLC007030 
Ph. : +91-161-2225531-35 Fax : +91-161-2226929, 2608784 email : contact@iolcp.com Website : iolcp.com 
Regd. Office: Village & Post Office Handiaya, Fatehgarh Channa Road, Barnala-148107, Punjab, India. 
Works: Village Fatehgarh Channa, Mansa Road (Trident Complex) District - Barnala, 148101 State - Punjab, India. 
Ph. : +91-1679 -285285-86, Fax : +91-1679-285292 

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
“IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited Q3 & 
Nine Months FY'21 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIJAY GARG – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, IOL 
CHEMICALS AND PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
MR. ABHAY RAJ SINGH – AVP & COMPANY 
SECRETARY, IOL CHEMICALS AND 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
MR. PARDEEP KHANNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
IOL CHEMICALS AND PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANUBHAV ADLAKHA, ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
_________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this transcript concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The Company do not undertake to update any 
forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
__________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to IOL Chemicals and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited Q3 & Nine Months FY'21 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there'll be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘star’ and ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anubhav Adlakha from Antique Stock 
Broking. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anubhav Adlakha: Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking and 
ITI Capital, I would like to thank you all for joining us on the IOL 
Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Q3 and Nine Months FY'21 Earnings 
Call. Today we have with us Mr. Vijay Garg -- Joint Managing 
Director, Mr. Abhay Raj Singh -- AVP and Company Secretary and 
Mr. Pardeep Khanna – CFO. 
We'll begin the call with “Opening Remarks from the Management” 
followed by an “Interactive Question and Answer Session.” I will now 
hand over the call to “Mr. Garg for his Opening Comments.” Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
Vijay Garg: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for taking time to 
participate in this earning call. I hope all of you and your families are 
safe and in good health in this pandemic times. I trust you all have had 
an opportunity to run through the documents which we have shared 
earlier. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
Before we take the questions, we would like to throw some light on the 
business and share some perspective on performance during the quarter 
and nine months. IOLCP is one of the leading API Manufacturers in 
India and is a significant player in the field of Commodity Chemicals 
and Speciality Chemicals. IOLCP, as all of you know, is the largest 
producer of Ibuprofen in the world with an installed capacity of 12,000 
MTPA. 
IOLCP is the only company which is completely backward integrated 
for all the major chemicals which are required to produce Ibuprofen. 
IOLCP presently hold around 35% of the total world market share in 
Ibuprofen. Along with Ibuprofen, IOLCP is also among the top 
producers of Ethyl Acetate with an installed capacity of 87,000 MTPA. 
Our company is also Second Largest Producer of Isobutyl Benzene, 
which is the key intermediate for Ibuprofen and hold around 30% of 
the global market share. Ethyl Acetate has wide application like in 
pharmaceutical industry, packaging industry, adhesive, surface coating, 
etc. Company has its R&D facility, which is approved by Department 
of Scientific and Industrial Research and equipped with all the 
advanced analytical instruments. 
Now, I will share with you the “Major Quarterly Numbers.” Our 
revenue was Rs.521 crores for Q3, as compared to Rs.515 crores in last 
year same quarter. EBITDA margin for the quarter was Rs.165 crores 
in this quarter compared to Rs.163 crores in the same quarter last year, 
this is around 1% growth on year-to-year basis. Our PAT for the 
quarter was Rs.115 crores as against Rs.98 crores last year, this is 
higher by approximately 17% In the global chemicals and drug supply 
chain, IOL continues to take advantage of newer opportunities as and 
when they are present to themselves. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
In 
conclusion, 
let 
me 
highlight 
that 
IOL 
Chemicals 
and 
Pharmaceuticals is very well geared up to take up and deliver any 
opportunity which is available in the market with its skills and 
dedicated manpower and high-tech world-class facilities. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to my colleague, Mr. 
Pardeep Khanna who is CFO of the company. Over to you Mr. Pardeep 
Khanna. 
Pardeep Khanna: 
Thank you, Mr. Garg. Good afternoon, everyone, and warm welcome 
to our IOL Q3 and Nine Months Financial Year 2021 Earning Call. I 
will take you highlights for the quarter ended 31st December 2020. 
Total revenue increased by 1% to Rs.521 crores as compared to Rs.515 
crores in Q3 of financial year 2020. For nine months of financial year 
'21 it has been higher by 4% to Rs.1,525 crores as compared to 
Rs.1,464 crores in the same period last year. Our nine months 
performance have been impacted by the nationwide lockdown in the 
initial part of a year. In Q3 of financial year '21 EBITDA was higher at 
Rs.165 crores as against Rs. 163 crores reported in the third financial 
quarter of the preceding year. EBITDA margin has significantly been 
consistent at 31.7% this year compared to Q3 of financial year '20. For 
nine months of financial year '21, EBITDA has increased by 11% to 
Rs.499 crores as compared to Rs.448 crores in the same period of last 
year, and EBITDA margin was 32.7% compared to 30.6% during nine 
months of financial year '20. Profit after tax for Q3 stood at Rs.114.8 
crores as against Rs.98 crores during Q3 of financial year '20. 
Depreciation for the quarter was Rs.10 crores, while the finance cost 
declined by 60%, it is Rs.1.5 crore in Q3 of financial year '21. 
Coming to the “Segmental Performance in Q3 of Financial Year 
2021,” the revenue from Chemicals stood at Rs.219.9 crores as against 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
Rs.193.9 crores in Q3 of financial year 2020, thereby increasing by 
13.4%. This segment has achieved a stellar performance on account of 
market demand and operational efficiency. This segment contributed to 
41% of total revenues. EBIT stood at Rs.32.35 crores with EBIT 
margin at 14.7%. 
In the Drugs segment, the revenue came at Rs.303.7 crores in Q3 of 
financial year 2021. EBIT for the segment came at Rs.118.5 crores, 
translating to margin of 39%. The financial position of the company is 
stable and underlie a very healthy liquidity position with adequate cash 
and bank balances. 
With this, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for 
question-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Alankar Garude from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, my first question is, if you could give some color on the current 
pricing trends in Ibuprofen, and what would be your broad 
expectations over say the next six to 12 months, that would be helpful? 
Vijay Garg: 
Ibuprofen pricing are stable for the December quarter. So, we have not 
seen any kind of correction happening in the pricing as far as Ibuprofen 
is concerned. Though the sale came to stagnancy because of the 
stocking in first two quarters by various customers, so that way I 
would like to answer your question, the Ibuprofen prices are stable as 
of now. 
Alankar Garude: 
And with the gradual scale up of BASF facility and then even the 
German facility which could come on stream this year, how do you 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
look at the supply/demand dynamics within Ibuprofen say over the 
next one to two years? 
Vijay Garg: 
See, as far as the BASF, German facility is concerned, though they 
have made an announcement in the past that it will come in '21, but 
now there is not even a single customer is saying that they are coming 
up in '21, not even any announcement by the company we have heard. 
But yes, sales has come down because of the lockdowns because if you 
see initially there was lockdown in China, then in India, Europe, US, 
UK, so, now from last six months, Europe, UK, and US, most of the 
economies are under lockdown. So, that is why the sales has come to a 
correction which is happening in the sales. We don't foresee any kind 
of the oversupply in Ibuprofen in coming one to two years. 
Alankar Garude: 
My final question is given that we are completely backward integrated 
in Ibuprofen, how big an advantage is it, I mean, if you could broadly 
quantify the benefit, it would be really helpful? 
Vijay Garg: 
As far as cost is concerned, definitely, because we are completely 
backward integrated, if you see our lowest cost raw material, which is 
going into, it is like in the range of Rs.50 to Rs.60 Kg and our output is 
around Rs.1,000 Kg. So, if you see overall value addition is really 
high. As far as competition is concerned, our broad calculation says 
that our cost is lower by around you can say 15% to 20% in case of 
raw materials. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Sharma from 
Maybank. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Sharma: 
I just want to check what is the reason for the margin decline for the 
Drugs segment in Q3. The margin dropped quite a bit. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
Vijay Garg: 
In Q3, the major drop is, in the previous question also I mentioned, due 
to COVID, customers have done panic buy in the first and second 
quarter of this year. So, now, they are consuming their stocks. Along 
with this with the improved condition in health and hygiene and the 
lockdown in the various countries in Europe, UK and Latin America, 
the demand is not much. Because of that shortage in demand, we have 
lost our around you can say 10% sales volume in Ibuprofen. So since 
Ibuprofen is a major profit-making product, so that is the only reason. 
Though in this quarter we have done very good sales in terms of you 
can say in chemicals segment; our sales has increased by 5%, and the 
margins has also increased drastically. 
Ajay Sharma: 
What is the capacity utilization or sales volume for Ibuprofen and 
Metformin in Q3? 
Vijay Garg: 
Overall in nine months, we have done around 80% of the capacity 
utilization in Ibuprofen whereas in Metformin it has just touched 
around 50% of the installed capacity. 
Ajay Sharma: 
On the API pipeline which you have, so which are the key products 
you expect to commercialize over the next one or two years? And also, 
Metformin, where do you see that in terms of capacity utilization going 
forward, do you think that will also become a big contributor? 
Vijay Garg: 
Metformin, we have already commercialized which has increased to 
the utilization of 50% with the total installed capacity of 11,000 MT, 
we have touched around 5,500 MT till this time average of the nine 
months. Next product which is a growing molecule for us is 
Clopidogrel. Clopidogrel, we have an installed capacity of 180 tons. 
So, this year, we are targeting around 140 tons of Metformin of the 
sale which is around 77% to 80% of the capacity utilization. Our next 
product is Pantoprazole. In pantoprazole, we have an installed capacity 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
of 180 MT. So, in this 180 MT, we already had reached 120 MT of our 
sales. So apart from this, we have in pipeline Fenofibrate, then 
Lamotrigine, Ursodeoxycholic Acid, these are the three more 
molecules which are available on the shelves. So, in these also, 
Fenofibrate we are doing in multi-purpose plant, so there the capacity 
utilization for that plant is around 90%. These are the new products 
available with us. In totality we have done Rs.141 crores sales in nine 
months. So, we are targeting around Rs.180 crores to 200 crores sales 
turnover this year. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Any plans of increasing capacities in any of the molecules?  
Vijay Garg: 
Yes, in a way we can say we are planning to increase the capacity, we 
have a plant which we call the FLU which is a multi-purpose plant 
wherein we will be manufacturing F for FinofIbrate, L for 
Lamotrigine, and U for Ursodeoxycholic Acid. So, this plant we have 
designed to manufacture 150 MT of Fenofibrate, 140 ton of 
Lamotrigine and 96 ton of also Ursodeoxycholic Acid. This is a multi-
purpose plant. So we will be increasing the capacity of these three 
products in this plant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun from AQF 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Varun: 
This question is regarding the drug segment. In the previous call, we 
had mentioned we would like to target somewhere around 30% 
revenue within the drug segment from other products, that is non-
Ibuprofen products. So quick calculation means that on a full year 
basis, this would be somewhere 450 to 500 crores full year revenue. 
Just some clarification on when we think we can achieve this target. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
Vijay Garg: 
Very valid question and even this question is very near to our heart 
also because we are targeting much more revenue from other than 
Ibuprofen. Like I mentioned this year we are targeting around Rs.200 
crores. So in coming two years time my expectation is that we'll be 
able to achieve our target like we are increasing our clientage in all our 
products, if you see Metformin we have increased the capacity as I 
mentioned, 
in 
Fenofibrate, 
Clopidogrel, 
even 
Pantoprazole, 
Lamotrigine, Ursodeoxycholic Acid, we are witnessing demand in 
these products. So, to answer your question in coming maximum three 
years time we'll be able to achieve the 500 crores target from other 
than Ibuprofen product. 
Varun: 
Second question is regarding the chemicals segment. This time the 
EBIT was somewhere around 13%, 14% margin. Sir, this is because of 
better realization from Ethyl Acetate? 
Vijay Garg: 
Yes, along with Ethyl Acetate, IBB has added but major returns come 
from Ethyl Acetate margins. 
Varun: 
IBB, how much is being sold in the external market? 
Vijay Garg: 
Around 25% we're selling in external markets, 75% is the captive 
potential. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nimish Mehta from 
Research Delta Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Nimish Mehta: 
This question is more on the business model. You mentioned that in 
Ibuprofen we have the least cost in comparison to other players. So, is 
it only because of the backward integration we have or we also have 
some differentiated process or some R&D in process chemistry we 
have achieved this? 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
Vijay Garg: 
This is a combination of various things. So one, as I mentioned 15% to 
20% is on account of you can say the backward integration, wherein 
we are getting those margins vis-à-vis our competition. Apart from 
this, our R&D along with the new product development, one team we 
have dedicated for the improvement of you can say process cost in the 
existing product like we have not dedicated the entire R&D team for 
the new developments. One set of people is dedicated for the 
improvement in terms of you can say raw materials. So, it's a mix. 
Nimish Mehta: 
What I'm trying to understand for example, when you select a new 
product, you select purely based on our ability to backward integrate or 
before you start you're sure of process which is also lower cost than 
others? So, is it a capital-intensive business model or do we have R&D 
also before we select the product, that is what I am trying to 
understand? 
Vijay Garg: 
No, we are always going with the R&D. The selection criteria I 
broadly share with you is based on R&D. We are into generic space, 
all our products are generic products. So, our marketing team is going 
to the market, they are collecting a few names of the products which 
are in generic space and sold in higher numbers or there is 
demand/supply gap. From that the product goes to our R&D. So in 
R&D, we have two criterias for the product selection; one is no doubt 
first and foremost is the raw material cost. And the major thrust we 
give that first; non-China dependent intermediate should be there. So 
our first target is that the product which we select or whichever R&D 
manufacture, any intermediate should not be dependent on China, 
second is on environment concern, the product should not be a highly 
polluting product. So this is the selection criteria for all our products. 
Our RM cost is also the major part. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
Nimish Mehta: 
Actually I may follow-up, but I think I should take it offline. No issue. 
Thank you very much for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the Keshav Kumar from RakSan 
Investors. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Kumar: 
Sir, in an interview on a public news channel a day before you said that 
there has been a correction in Ibuprofen prices due to a demand and 
supply gap. But to the first part participant, you were telling that the 
prices remain fairly stable in the first quarter. So, could you clarify 
whether it's a dual impact of the prices falling as well as volumes in 
this quarter? 
Vijay Garg: 
Yes, you are right, in Zee business interview, I have mentioned. I have 
mentioned in the previous question that for the quarter we are able to 
sustain, no doubt there is a correction because demand has come down, 
because of lockdowns, all pharmaceutical products, which are used in 
FLU or antibiotics, you can say general elements, the demand is low. 
So, we are able to sustain, the reason is the long-term commitments 
which our customers have done. So, this is an ongoing process like 
60% to 70% of our customers are giving us long-term orders. So 
though market there is a correction but we are able to maintain. 
Keshav Kumar: 
Could you give a delta between the prices that were in Q2 and Q3? 
Vijay Garg: 
You can say $1.5 to $2 delta is there like correct spot prices. Though 
market has touched around $18 to $20 but we were at $14 to $15. So, 
the correction which is happening is on the spot market. So, we do 
very less business on spot market, most of our businesses on long-term 
basis. So, spot market has come down to you can say $13, $14 which 
will be settled at say around $12 to $13. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
Keshav Kumar: 
You said that you will be commercializing Gabapentin in Q1 FY'22. 
What would be the gestation period to go to full capacity? And also sir, 
what would be your target for FY'22 Gabapentin revenues? 
Vijay Garg: 
We are targeting our Gabapentin to start in June or July. So, as you 
know, gestation period is around one and a half year at least because 
major quantities will go to the regulated market. We have already 
started the process and we have a few anchor customers as well. So, it 
will take around one and half years to stabilize the sales. 
Keshav Kumar: 
So what would be your expectation in the first year as in how much 
revenues coming from the Gabapentin? 
Vijay Garg: 
Gabapentin next year itself we are hopeful to achieve around 30% to 
40% of the installed capacity. So that will be going to the non-reg 
market only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish from Motilal 
Oswal Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Ashish: 
Sir, on this Ibuprofen, some of your peers are putting up capacities. Do 
you feel that there is an excess supply of Ibuprofen now in the market 
and that is the reason why the prices are holding on the low side of the 
band? 
Vijay Garg: 
No, it is not because of the excess capacity. This is as I mentioned is 
because of the stocking done by our customers, the panic buying was 
done in Q1 and Q2. So, now people are using the stocks. This 
correction is largely because of that. If you see, presently, in pharma 
space, most of our sales are to the regulated customers or blue-chip 
companies, minimum two years time is the gestation period for any 
product to be commercialized. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
Ashish: 
On a contractual basis, the contracts that we have with the customers 
are $13 to $14. In the last five years, what was the bottom pricing? 
Vijay Garg: 
If you see five years back, it was in the range of $9. 
Ashish: 
So just playing devil's advocate here, do you feel that the prices can 
revert back or something has changed on the ground which makes you 
believe that $13, $14 could sustain? 
Vijay Garg: 
This year $13, $14 will sustain I mentioned, but next year, the 
correction will happen, so our target is around $12 for the next year. 
Ashish: 
On Ethyl Acetate, how big is that portion for us because the reason 
why I'm asking is obviously Laxmi Organic is one of the bigger 
players in the market, so is there a scope for also a player like you to 
keep on gaining and expanding this business? 
Vijay Garg: 
Yes, all the top players like Laxmi, Jubilant, Somaiya 87,000 is our 
installed capacity. We are targeting around further increase in the 
capacity. Our full-fledged target is around 1,20,000 MT maybe next 
year we'll reach. Actually speaking, this is a green solvent and the 
demand is increasing day-by-day, because people are coming out of 
petrochemicals based solvent and are switching to the green solvents 
like Ethyl Acetate. 
Ashish: 
What is the capacity addition that we are doing here? 
Vijay Garg: 
You can say from 90,000 to 1,20,000, around 33% increase will be 
there. 
Ashish: 
But the margin profile or the realizations in this business could be far, 
far lower than what we are doing currently, right, if I'm not wrong, 8% 
to 10% is the kind of EBITDA margins in this business? 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
Vijay Garg: 
This quarter I would say we have touched around 17% whereas in past 
yes, you're right, it was in the range of around 8% was the number. 
When we increase the capacity, this will help our company in two 
manners; first is like with the increased capacity, negotiation power 
will come to us, second is that most of the capacity expansion will be 
with a very little CAPEX. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sayantan from 
Pinebridge Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sayantan: 
If you could just break out how much we'll be investing in the Ethyl 
Acetate expansion? And also if you could break out how much we are 
investing for the Gabapentin and what is the capacity we are planning 
there? And lastly, I have more of a suggestion. I understand we are 
looking for all processes, which are green and cleaner and non-
polluting. I would request you to share some details in your annual 
report in terms of efforts we made in terms of reducing our carbon 
footprint and what the efforts we're putting in, in that direction, if you 
can put additional details on an annual report that will be helpful 
because these days ESG is becoming a big concern, so, I would request 
you to share some additional, I understand company already does it, 
just need to put more of that in the annual report and disclose a little bit 
more data on that. 
Vijay Garg: 
Thank you very much. Your suggestion is very well taken and my 
team is along with me listening this and even on personal ground also I 
would request my team to incorporate your suggestion in times to 
come in our annual report and definitely will do sir, we are in the 
process and wherever some external help is required to assess the data, 
we will do that, definitely we will include this in our annual report. So, 
on the question front, like Ethyl Acetate maximum to my mind is that 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
debottlenecking and adding some equipment we will be investing 
around Rs.10 crores not more than that on Ethyl Acetate to increase the 
capacity by 30%. So, as far as Gabapentin is concerned, we are coming 
up with a plant which is having capability to produce 600 MTPA, 
around 50 tons a month will be the capacity. The CAPEX which we 
are targeting is around 60 crores for this Gabapentin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shanti Patel from 
Shanti Patel Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shanti Patel: 
With this all expansion, etc., what will be our approximate turnover for 
the year '21-22 and what will be the percentage of PAT? 
Vijay Garg: 
'21-22 we are targeting around 2,400 to 2,500 crores for top line with a 
PAT in the range of 20%. 
Shanti Patel: 
Our debt will go up or go down in next year? 
Vijay Garg: 
No, no, we are a debt-free company sir and we will remain debt-free. 
All the expenses are going from the internal accruals. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Sarda from 
Athena Investments. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Sarda: 
You have guided for 20%, 25% growth for next two, three years. With 
lower volume of Ibuprofen and also likely falling prices, does this 
guidance remain or do you think we will grow at a lower rate? 
Vijay Garg: 
With this correction coming in Ibuprofen, so we are targeting around 
15% growth, so like I mentioned for '21-22 we are targeting 2,400 to 
2,500 crores revenue. Definitely, correction will come but at the same 
time we are going to increase our capability in Ethyl Acetate which we 
have already done and in the process maybe within a quarter time we'll 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
be increasing the capacity, may be in a phased manner, our total target 
is 30%, maybe 20% growth you will see in the running quarter and 
along with that the revenue increase, the new products will happen. 
Tushar Sarda: 
What about profits? 
Vijay Garg: 
PAT are we're targeting in the range of 15%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Paresh Jain from 
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Paresh Jain: 
On Ibuprofen, do you sell in the spot market or is it completely all 
long-term contracts? 
Vijay Garg: 
Around 70% long-term understanding is there, 30% is on the spot 
market. 
Paresh Jain: 
The realization that you said of $13 that was for this particular quarter, 
right, for Ibuprofen? 
Vijay Garg: 
Yes. 
Paresh Jain: 
And how has the realization been in the last nine months versus these 
nine months? 
Vijay Garg: 
I don't have the exact numbers for last year, but it's in the range of $14 
to $15, last year it may have touched $15 and this year it may be $14.5, 
70% of the business we are doing on long-term basis and our spot 
market is in real term it is in the range of 10% to 15%, in 30% also 
50% is it is the understanding where we don't have any paperwork 
done, but you can say in other terms, we are clear that these customers 
are dedicated to us. This year, it's not more than say half a dollar. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
Paresh Jain: 
In the last three to four years, how has the pricing been on the contract 
side for you on the Ibuprofen market? 
Vijay Garg: 
Five years back, in the range of $9, it was around 50 to 60, then after 
this shortage start happening, we enter into the contract with the long-
term customer or the blue-chip companies, which are very big names 
you can say in the pharma space. So, there also we are on a yearly 
basis. So, that way to answer your question is like it was in the range 
of $9, then $11, then $14, $15, this is the range in the 70% range 
covered. 
Paresh Jain: 
What gives you a confidence that cannot come down back to $9? 
Vijay Garg: 
See, it will not come to $9 but say in two to three years' time it will 
come in the range of $11, like all big companies, they are not ready to 
sell, like the companies who has increased the capacities or capabilities 
is majorly because of the price rise. 
Paresh Jain: 
Just to put things a little bit more clearer; for next year FY'22 you will 
benefit from the Gabapentin capacity coming up right, and the ethyl 
acetate facility coming up, is that correct? 
Vijay Garg: 
Next year we will not be benefited because of gabapentin capacity. 
Next year from other products. I want to mention here is that any 
pharma product which you want to sell in regulated markets, minimum 
time you require gestation period is two years. After six months to one 
year we are selling in northern market from where you will not get 
much margins and much volumes. So that way we are not expecting 
benefits coming from Gabapentin. But yes, the product which we have 
launched two to three years back like Clopidogrel, Pantoprazole, even 
our FLU is coming up like where we will be manufacturing 
Fenofibrate, Lamotrigine and also Ursodeoxycholic Acid. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
Paresh Jain: 
The contract prices that you said, when are they annually reset, is it 
like in April or January or is it spread across the year with different 
customers? 
Vijay Garg: 
For most of the overseas customers it was happening in the month of 
November, December. During CPHI, we started the dialogue and then 
we were finalizing in the month of December. But overseas customer it 
has already been finalized and domestic yes it's a March cycle. 
Paresh Jain: 
And for overseas you finalize at $12 for this year Jan to December 
now? 
Vijay Garg: 
Sorry, sir, this number can't be disclosed. 
Paresh Jain: 
And what percentage of the sales come from the regulated market for 
Ibuprofen? 
Vijay Garg: 
Percentage of sale if I see 50:50 for us for Ibuprofen and from the 
regulated market 50% comes. 
Paresh Jain: 
I did not get. What was the earlier 50%? 
Vijay Garg: 
Total say 10,000 tons we are going to sell, so from that 10,000 tons, 
5,000 tons will be from the regular spot and 5,000 will be from the 
domestic and around 2500 tons to 3000 tons we are selling in the 
regulated market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajkumar, individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajkumar: 
What is the receivable days? 
Pardeep Khanna: 
Average 30 days is the number for the receivable. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
Rajkumar: 
Regarding your company's website, it looks a bit old fashioned, like I 
don't know, if you want to continue that way or you want to like to 
improve now because we are moving into overseas business? 
Vijay Garg: 
Within March you will find a very good and elaborated with the latest 
tools and techniques used for the website… it's already in the process 
for development sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Manchanda 
from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Manchanda: On Ibuprofen, can we reach our theoretical capacity of 12,000 tons per 
annum? 
Vijay Garg: 
For coming year, definitely no, but yes, with this correction happening 
after that we have reached to almost all the big pharma customers in 
the US as well where we have already got many ANDAs under 
approval or got approved. So, once this correction happens, so, maybe 
in '23 we will be able to achieve the full capacity sir. 
Vishal Manchanda: There is no technical constraint in terms of achieving that 12,000 tons? 
Vijay Garg: 
There is no technical constraint. All the constraint, which was there say 
maybe two years, three years back, now, those constraints are not 
there, because we have reached from big to small customers, most of 
the customers has approved us. 
Vishal Manchanda: When you said your costs are lower by 15% compared to competitors, 
do you just mean at the raw material level or you mean at the EBITDA 
level would be…? 
Vijay Garg: 
No, no, it is on raw material level. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
Vishal Manchanda: So, you also get the benefit of scale on top of that? 
Vijay Garg: 
Definitely, that is on account of you can say raw material cost because 
of backward integration, along with that we have 12,000 MT installed 
capacity at a very less CAPEX. So, that way the additional margins 
will come from the scale. 
Vishal Manchanda: On the multi-purpose plant wherein you are going to manufacture 
Fenofibrate, Lamotrigine and other APIs, is that ready and up for 
commercialization? 
Vijay Garg: 
We are targeting May, June will be for this FLU multi-purpose and 
June, July for Gabapentin. Both the plans are under construction. 
Vishal Manchanda: So, you are able to start commercial revenues in FY'22? 
Vijay Garg: 
For multi-purpose product, yes, we will be, but for Gabapentin '22 
we'll be doing the commercial production, some quantity will start, but 
not the full capacity, but for FLU it will be full capacity because all the 
products are commercial, so, we have to show just a changeover to our 
customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Kumar from 
RakSan Investors. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Kumar: 
There is news that BASF has resumed Ibuprofen production. Has that 
impacted the past quarter, is that also contributing to oversupply in the 
market? 
Vijay Garg: 
BASF has started their plant maybe nine months back. This correction 
is not on account of BASF. All these players are facing the same 
problem. This is majorly because of the overstocking by our 
customers. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Sarda from 
Athena Investments. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Sarda: 
What I understand from whatever you have said on the call so far is 
that next year, there may be a drop in price of Ibuprofen and volumes 
let's assume are constant. So, Ibuprofen actually will degrow and other 
pharma products will grow by around 100, 150 crores and some part of 
growth will come from ethyl acetate. Can you talk a little more on 
ethyl acetate business in terms of what is the raw material, whom do 
you sell to, how do we compare with competition, that will be helpful? 
Vijay Garg: 
Ethyl Acetate, you have asked about the raw materials. We are using 
two raw materials; one is ethanol which we are importing from US and 
second is acetic acid which we are importing from various countries 
like Malaysia, we are importing from China, some quantities we are 
buying from India as well. As far as ethyl acetate is concerned, for next 
financial year, we are targeting a growth of 30% in ethyl acetate. So, 
ethyl acetate, we have very vast reach like we are present pan India, 
number one, number two per month around 20% goes in exports as 
well. We are present in pharmaceutical market, we are present in 
lamination, we are present in solvent industry, wherever the 
applications of ethyl acetate are concerned we are present, and with 
this present capacity we are always oversold by you can say one or two 
months. So, that is the reason which is forcing us to increase the 
capacity. So, along with this, as you have also mentioned that we are 
targeting around 200 crores additional revenue from the new products. 
So, this will compensate or rather both things put together we'll be 
achieving our targeted numbers of 2400 to 2500 crores next year. 
Tushar Sarda: 
In the past, the company had difficulty due to fluctuation in prices of 
ethyl acetate. So how do you hedge against this risk going forward? 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
Vijay Garg: 
In the past, what has happened was totally different from what the 
market or what the scenario for ethyl acetate is today. If we go to the 
history, in the past we were totally dependent on Indian suppliers for 
ethanol. So, ethanol, Government of India came up with a policy to 
mix it with the petrol and diesel. So, all of a sudden, all these suppliers 
started giving it to the petroleum companies, where they were getting 
around 50% higher prices than whatever we were. So, now this 
scenario has completely changed. If you talk all the manufacturers I 
would say in India or in China or anywhere like one thing is clear that 
this product is not importable product in India from China or anywhere 
because one is the 7.5% duty, second is the freight and all. And along 
with that, all these manufacturing countries are importing now ethanol 
either, majorly it was coming from USA, now it has started coming 
from Brazil. So these are the two destinations. So, entire world is 
completely competitive. So, today scenario is totally different from 
what has happened in 2014. So please be rest assured sir, your 
company is now having the scale where we are able to compete with 
the global players. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Ethyl Acetate sold in contract basis or is it the spot market? 
Vijay Garg: 
It's not a yearly contract, but yes, monthly contracts along with spot, 
because this is a commodity chemical sir. 
Tushar Sarda: 
But you will have enough measures in place to ensure that you're 
adequately hedged and price fluctuations don't hit us adversely? 
Vijay Garg: 
Yes, because we are doing two to three months contract for the ethanol 
as well as the ethyl acetate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from 
Macquarie Group. Please go ahead. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
Alankar Garude: 
A couple of questions. Number one, you mentioned about Ibuprofen 
pricing being in that $12, $13 range as in FY'22 and it could possibly 
come down to say about $11 in the next two to three years. So, is there 
a further risk to this number assuming the BASF German facility 
comes onstream in say 2021? 
Vijay Garg: 
Just to answer your question, BASF has announced $12.5 for the 
German facility and we have not heard from anybody or from the 
company BASF when they are coming up with that facility. So, I don't 
foresee any kind of further correction in the prices of Ibuprofen. 
Alankar Garude: 
When you mentioned your expectation of pricing being about $11 in 
the next two to three years, it factors in any risk coming in from higher 
capacity addition from any of your competitors? 
Vijay Garg: 
Yes, everything we have covered. So, we are speaking on the 
conservative side. 
Alankar Garude: 
Second question is I wanted to know generally what is currently say 
the pricing differential between regulated and semi-regulated markets 
for Ibuprofen? 
Vijay Garg: 
Around $2. 
Alankar Garude: 
Is it safer to say given that almost 70%, 75% of our Ibuprofen sales are 
to semi regulated markets, if you increase the contribution of regulated 
markets, then possibly we could look at a slightly higher number than 
the numbers which you mentioned? 
Vijay Garg: 
Yes,, my entire marketing team is focusing on the export sales. Our 
target is regulated market only. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Dhaval 
Sanghvi, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Sanghvi: 
Sir, I have some broader question from a vision perspective, let's 
assume FY'24, do we anticipate doubling of the revenue or what would 
be our vision? 
Vijay Garg: 
We're targeting around 20% to 25% growth on year-to-year basis. But 
because of this correction, our target is around 15% for the next year. 
So we are confident that with the product pipeline and with the new 
products revenue growing, so we'll be able to sustain 15% to 20% 
growth rate in coming four to five years. 
Dhaval Sanghvi: 
If we consider four to five years, what would be our percentage of our 
share from Ibuprofen versus Non-Ibuprofen? 
Vijay Garg: 
We are targeting around 30% revenue from Ibuprofen, balance 70% 
will come from the other chemicals or new pharma products. 
Dhaval Sanghvi: 
Our blended margins will still remain the same? 
Vijay Garg: 
Not of today, but if we get any good opportunity it may increase to 
20%. 
Dhaval Sanghvi: 
Based on the PLI scheme that government has announced, I understand 
that we are currently not looking, but anything in the R&D that may be 
attributing towards that we may be thinking on? 
Vijay Garg: 
For the PLI scheme, thrust area there is antibiotics and the 
fermentation products. So presently, our R&D is not focusing on those. 
But yes, with the kind of surplus cash available, if any opportunity we 
get, so definitely, we can explore. 

 
IOL Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
February 17, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Vijay Garg: 
We really thank all our shareholders and the consulting companies for 
participating in this call. And I would like to thank the service 
provider, Richa, Arnav and Mr. Mahajani  for their help in assisting us 
for this conference call. Thank you very much once again and have a 
great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of IOL Chemicals and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited and Antique Stock Broking Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
___________________________________________________________ 
Note: This transcript has been edited slightly for the purpose of clarity and accuracy. 
 
