 
 
 
Registered Office: 133, Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
 
 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/82/2020-21 
 
27th January, 2021 
 
To  
To  
The Manager 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID     : OAL 
Symbol: OAL 
Scrip Code: 500078 
Series   : EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 13.01.2021, intimating about the conference call with the 
Institutional Investors/Analysts on Thursday, January 21, 2021 at 01.30  p.m to discuss the 
Financial performance of the Company  for  the quarter and nine months  ended  December 31, 
2020, please find attached herewith transcript of  the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, the 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com  
 
Kindly take the information  on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
Kiranpreet Gill 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KIRANPREET 
KAUR GILL
Digitally signed by 
KIRANPREET KAUR GILL 
Date: 2021.01.27 12:01:58 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
Oriental Aromatics Limited 
Q3 FY21 Earnings Conference Call  
January 21, 2021 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Oriental Aromatics Limited Q3 FY21 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “1” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you operator. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors, we represent the Investor Relations of Oriental 
Aromatics. On behalf of the company I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
company’s earnings conference call for the third quarter and nine months ended for financial 
year 2021. Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement.  
Some of the statements made in today’s con-call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings conference 
call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review.  
I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s 
earnings call. We have with us Mr. Dharmil Bodani – Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. 
Shyamal Bodani – Executive Director, Mr. Parag Satoskar – Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Girish 
Khandelwal – Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Kiranpreet Gill – Company Secretary. Without 
any further delay, I now request Mr. Dharmil Bodani to give his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you so much Anuj. Good afternoon, everybody. It is our pleasure to welcome you to 
the quarter three and nine month financial year 2021 earnings conference call of Oriental 
Aromatics Limited, I’m happy to report that we’ve had another healthy quarterly 
performance with our highest ever sales in profit reported in a quarter. The performance was 

 
Page 2 of 16 
on back of healthy demand across all our product categories our Aroma Chemicals, Our 
Flavors, Fragrances, and Camphor. The sales volume for the quarter has grown by 7% on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis, and 13% on a year-to-year basis. Sales realizations for Camphor 
improved during the quarter on a year-to-year and on quarter-to-quarter basis. While 
realizations for the Specialty and bulk Aroma Chemicals and Flavors and Fragrances were 
flattish. The company was carrying inventory of raw materials at lower ends, which helped 
improve the margin profile during the quarter. Having said this, the company was on the right 
side of the raw material curve and on the right side of the selling price curve. And hence 
we’ve seen this exceptional quarter. The current margins I would like to state categorically 
are not sustainable margins.  
On the CAPEX front, as you may already know, the company received its land allotment for 
the Greenfield capacity expansion project at Maharashtra, in the month of October 2020  and 
has initiated its process for application of environmental clearances and other sorts of 
approvals. Our Baroda expansion continues on track, and we will hopefully be in production 
of some of the materials by the end of this year. Now, I request Mr. Girish Khandelwal, our 
CFO to give the financial and operational highlights, thank you.  
Girish Khandelwal: 
Thank you Dharmil. Good afternoon all. So on a consolidated basis in Q3 FY21, the operating 
revenue for the quarter was Rs. 191 crore, which was an increase of approximately 9% on a 
year-on-year basis. And operating EBITDA reported was Rs. 53 crore, which was an increase 
of about 93% on a year-on-year basis. Operating EBITDA margins stood at 27.95% as against 
15.74% a year ago. Net profit after tax reported was Rs. 36 crore which was an increase of 
106% on a year-on-year basis, while PAT margins were 19.9%, which was an increase of 906 
basis points on a year-on-year basis.  
Now, talking about the performance of the nine months of FY21 on a consolidated basis, the 
operating revenue was Rs. 488 crore, which decreased by approximately 18% on a year-on-
year basis. Operating EBITDA reported was Rs. 121 crore, which was an increase of about 33% 
on a year-on-year basis. Operating EBITDA margins stood at 24.85% as against 15.36% a year 
ago. Net profit after tax reported was Rs. 80 crore, which was an increase of about 28% on a 
year-on-year basis, while PAT margins were 16.30%, which was an increase of 577 basis 
points on a year-on-year basis. In the current quarter, our cash profits stood at Rs. 41 crore 
which is an increase of 82% on a year-on-year basis and 7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
The net debt to equity ratio as on 31st December 2020, improved to 0.03 times from 0.06 
times as on 31st March 2020. Thank you all, with this we can now open the floor to the 
questions and answers session. Over to you Anuj. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Varun Goel from Nippon India. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 3 of 16 
Varun Goel: 
I would like to understand the margin profile of the company going forward considering that 
this year, there has been a very significant increase in EBITDA margins. Do we see them 
stabilizing going forward, and what will be the stable state our margins. That’s question 
number one and second, in terms of top line while this year we lost some time in the first 
quarter on the top line side what kind of growth rate do we expect on top line going forward. 
Thank you.  
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you for your question. Yes, I do believe that the margins across all the four verticals 
that we operate in, will stabilize in the coming quarters. We’ve always held with our guidance 
of 15% to 17% across all the four verticals. So this, again, is a guidance and, I hope that 
answers your first question. In terms of top line, as we’ve explained in the past, we are 
currently at almost 100% capacity utilization across all our plans and we will be making the 
CAPEX, we are in the process of making the CAPEX at Baroda and Bareilly. So, starting FY20, 
23. For a period of maybe three to four years we would continue to see peaks and valleys in 
the top line because as the plants get commissioned, you will see the numbers hitting the 
balance sheet. So, I would say at an average if I was to comfortably take over the next three 
to five year window, it could be anywhere between 12% to 15%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagaraj from Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Sir the first question pertains to the raw material pricing scenario and the availability. So how 
are we seeing it right now and what is our expectation for the next foreseeable future. Thank 
you.  
Dharmil Bodani: 
We’re seeing raw material prices are definitely going up across the board, whether it’s 
natural products, whether it’s petro based products we are seeing increase in raw material 
prices also, we are seeing an increase in transportation cost in terms of availability of 
containers across the globe currently. So yes, to answer you we are seeing raw material 
prices and costs going up. In terms of availability, which was your other part of your question, 
we see no challenges in the near future, availability is not a problem.  
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Sure, thank you. Sir second question is in terms of our user segment. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Say that again Rohit. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
From the user segment, or customer segments. So what is the change that we have seen over 
the past say, six or nine months and what is our expectation for the next one year, from the 
customer perspective in terms of the order book, in terms of the newer contracts or the 
newer products getting launched from their end. So how are we seeing the changes right now 
and what is our expectation. Thank you so much.  

 
Page 4 of 16 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, if you look at how it was when we lockdown in March, and as we started, getting deeper 
into this pandemic and now we seem to be coming out of it. And with the vaccine availability, 
there is a general upbeat feeling in the FMCG segment; we’re seeing revival of R&D labs 
coming into place where we are now starting to talk about new product launches. That’s for 
us has been refreshing after a quiet period. So we see an increased activity in the FMCG 
sector, which will help not only the Oriental Aromatics Fragrance and Flavor vertical, but it 
will also benefit our Specialty and bulk Aroma Chemicals segment. In terms of the order 
books, everything is stable for the near future. The demand continues to be there and I see 
the changes only in terms of the entire world probably getting onto their feet as only a 
positive.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Dharmil, you did mention about margins. So just to understand this further, we have been 
talking about margins for last three, four concall, right from the first concall which we started. 
And you have always maintained that the sustainable margins are around 16%, 17%. But my 
observation is that for last three quarters, leaving aside the June quarter, because not 
considering that being an abnormal quarter, but we have consistently delivered operating 
margins of well about 20% and I understand with the CAPEX now the first phase of Baroda 
CAPEX getting over in next two months or so. We go forward, do you feel that with better 
product profile going ahead, do you feel that this sustainable margin guidance of 15%, 17% 
we can actually see it somewhere around 20%, is there a possibility. I’m not asking for 
guidance Dharmil. I just want to understand is there a possibility? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, I understand where you are coming from. So, Rahul just to let you know, we will continue 
with our guidance of 15% to 17% I want to correct you the Baroda expansion continues and 
Parag after I finish answering if you can give some kind of guidelines on our Baroda 
Hydrogenation project as to where it is in its process. We are hopeful we have got a very 
robust pipeline of R&D pilot and going into commercialization of high value, low volume 
specialty Aroma Chemicals. Incidentally, on January 8th we’ve launched three new chemicals. 
Again Specialty, Generic Aroma Chemicals globally and the response that we’ve got has been 
outstanding in terms of quality acceptance in terms of pricing point, and we’re offering very 
creative strategies to our customers for long term price stability also, and when I say that, 
and that’s where I come to, we will definitely, it’s every company’s goal to meet the guidance 
and we will continue to try towards working to that guidance, but we would also like to be 
realistic that as I’ve mentioned earlier, the raw material prices have started going up, 
although there is availability, there are additional costs that the business is incurring largely 
due to transportation also, and the selling prices continue to stay firm for now. And we will 
hope to beat it, but right now our guidance is going to stay at 15% to 17%. Parag if you can 
just add a little bit on the Baroda Hydrogenation project.  

 
Page 5 of 16 
Parag Satoskar: 
Sure. So, based on our previous calls, we just finished our first Brownfield project, which was 
the expansion of the multipurpose plant and that particular project has gone online in 
November and we are already seeing benefits coming out of that particular Brownfield 
project. We have broken ground for a Greenfield project, which is for a single product and 
when it comes to hydrogenation, the hydrogenation capacity will come  online probably in Q4 
2022. So, we will see the benefits of that particular capacity coming online only in Q1 of 2023. 
So, these are in terms of the timelines what we are looking at, but before that, we will see the 
benefits of the Brownfield expansion and we will also see one more plant for a single product 
which will come online in sometime in Q3 2021-22.  
Dharmil Bodani: 
And just to add to what Parag said that the single plant that we’re building through a single 
product, that is one of the specialty Aroma Chemicals which we started marketing over a year 
ago, very complex process and the acceptance of the quality and prices encouraged us to 
now build a dedicated plant for the single product. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, that was helpful.  And Dharmil just with regards to the raw material. I remember last 
time in the quarter two concall we had mentioned, because of the recent 200 crore of 
inventory which was there with us and a good part of that was inventory of raw material. And 
we also mentioned in today couple of minutes back, the raw materials prices are going up at 
the same time the product price are also from. Will we still carry a good amount of inventory 
which would help us for next quarter or more? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes, we do.  
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And with regards to CAPEX? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
We do carry the inventory, whether it helps us or not will depend on the selling price for 
which I have no answer at this point.  
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And with regards to CAPEX, in the last concall you had mentioned about additional 
CAPEX of 60 crores, we had announced additional CAPEX of 60 crores in Baroda. So, is there 
any change in CAPEX now compared to what we spoke about in the quarter two concall? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Sure. Girish can you please answer this?  
Girish Khandelwal: 
Sorry, actually I missed the question, can you repeat it?  
Rahul Jain: 
So, Girish we were earlier planning Brownfield CAPEX at Baroda and a Greenfield CAPEX at 
Mahad for which we have just got the approval, but in quarter two concall we had up the 
CAPEX guidance, we had spoken that we spend additional 60 crores instead of 60 we had 
made it 120 with regards to Baroda. So, just to understand, as we speak today the CAPEX 
remains the same as what we have spoken in quarter two concall or is there some change in 

 
Page 6 of 16 
terms of the amount to be spend or in terms of the timelines with regards to both the 
Greenfield and the Brownfield CAPEX?  
Girish Khandelwal: 
Actually see, there is a change in the CAPEX amount actually, our CAPEX amount now would 
be around 160, 180 crore and we have already started working on it and we are in talking for 
debt also for Baroda CAPEX. And there is no change in the timelines as Parag has already 
explained you there is no change in the timelines. So, it is working as the plan only, right 
Parag? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yes correct. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
As we have added some products also. So, this is where some CAPEX cost has gone up.  
Parag Satoskar: 
As we’ve gone ahead in terms of our strategic discussion on this Greenfield investment, we 
have realized that there are certain additional untapped opportunities, which by just walking 
a few more steps, we will be able to get a very positive impact in our product mix and that’s 
the reason why we have enhanced or increased the number of products in our hydrogenation 
plant and which has resulted in this increased CAPEX and also certain utilities which will help 
us reduce costs over the long run when it comes to hydrogenation. So, these two parameters 
have impacted the cost. However, these are all for the benefits and these do not change the 
timelines for the installation. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Right. And one more thing, the cost has gone up there is one more angle, that we are putting 
one product new plant. So that is why the cost has also increased. So all these are 
parameters, the CAPEX cost has increased, but there is no change in the timeline.  
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, so this is just an additional 40, 50 crores of CAPEX compared to what we were 
mentioning quarter to concall.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Poladia from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir just wanted to understand the math behind sales, sales growth is about 8.7%, you said 
volume growth is about 13% I believe in this calendar year Camphor prices have gone 
through the roof. So, is there realization decline in other products, because otherwise you 
can see about 4%, 5% kind of a realization de-growth? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Parag, would you like to answer this? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, the assumption that the Camphor prices have touched the roof, there is some element of 
fact to it, but it also, we also have to realize that there is also a substantial increase in the raw 
material price in the last quarter or so. So, just to kind of take it against the selling price when 
the raw material prices also have gone up. So the realization function is based on both these 

 
Page 7 of 16 
parameters, and apart from that, for the other products we have seen a very steady 
realization pattern. Although, again on those products as well we have certain increase in the 
raw material price.  
Ritesh Poladia:  
Sir, I’m just talking about the sales not about the raw material. So, if we have a 8.7% kind of 
sales growth, 13% volume growth, then the blended realization is about 4%, 5% decline. And I 
believe one third is Camphor business, at least 30%, 40%? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
So, I want to interrupt here that, 13% growth is in that sales volume only it is on the year-on-
year basis and 7% is on the quarter-on-quarter.  
Ritesh Poladia:  
That is Y-o-Y sales growth right? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Yes.  
Ritesh Poladia:  
And 13% is also Y-o-Y volume growth? 
Girish Khandelwal:  
No, 7% is Q-on-Q sales growth and 13% is Y-o-Y sales growth. 
Ritesh Poladia:  
Sir again to clarify, you have a volume growth of 13% Y-o-Y volume growth, then your sales 
revenue, total revenues is 190 crores which is 8.7%. So, definitely there is some realization 
decline? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Right.  
Dharmil Bodani:  
Across product categories, you may have a point. That there could be a realization decline 
but, we may have to just go a little bit more into micro on this and come back to you on it. 
Ritesh Poladia:  
Sir the reason is, one third approximate one third businesses is Camphor and I believe 
Camphor prices have risen at least 30%, 40%. So, you would have substantial decline in the 
other realization in the other businesses.  
Dharmil Bodani: 
We are not seeing that. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
No. So, actually there is a sales growth because of the inventory, but if you see in the 
production side, we have some plants shut down in the Baroda. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
It could be because of that, Parag you want to say? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Absolutely. So, I was going to interrupt, because the reduction if you are saying that the sales 
de-growth. In fact, if you’re looking at Y-o-Y numbers in terms of the sales, there is going to 
be a reduction on count of two factors, #A on account of the lockdowns that we had year-on-
year, which impacted this year. And also, when we were kind of completing and fulfilling our 

 
Page 8 of 16 
Brownfield project, we had to take a 20 day shutdown which was planned in our Baroda site, 
which had an impact in terms of the production and so the sales.  
Ritesh Poladia:  
Sir, I’ll take this offline because we need some other calculations. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Okay, fair enough. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from Vallum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Most of the questions I have, have been answered by the previous participants, I wanted to 
clarify the timelines a bit. So, just wanted to understand firstly on the Baroda CAPEX, both 
Brownfield and Greenfield, so in the next 12 months we have this specific Brownfield project 
coming up if you start contributing the revenue and the first phase of hydrogenation plant 
will start contributing to the revenue from FY23, which will then gradually scaled up 
throughout the year and by FY24 we would have a fully scaled up 180, this will be scaled up 
Baroda Greenfield plant we could sense that it will have full year benefit of the four plant. 
That’s the way we should be, if you play out it will give us a timeline? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, Parag do you want to take this in terms of the timeline? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Sure. So, let us clarify in terms of the timelines, I’ll reiterate because I’ve said this before, but 
say the Brownfield project which was completed in November 2020, starts contributing to the 
top line from say Q1 2021-22. That’s point number one, point number two is a Greenfield 
single product project, which Dharmil just spoke about, should be commissioned by Q3 2020-
2021, which will start contributing to the top line, say again Q1 2022-2023, because it will 
take a quarter to stabilize in terms of getting the production volumes up and running. So 
these are the two things there is one Brownfield, which is already completed, there is one 
single product Greenfield, which is not hydrogenation, which will be completed by Q3 2021,-
2022 sorry, in terms of the numbers, I’m a little confused. The hydrogenation project will be 
commissioned in Q4 2021-2022. So that’s one year from now. So giving it a quarter to 
stabilize, that will start hitting the numbers in Q2 2022-2023. So these are the timelines for 
the Baroda project going forward.  
Kunal Mehta: 
Understood. And Mahad continues to be quarter four of financial year 23, it is two years 
away from the project starting to generate revenues from us or for us? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, for us, we have an internal target of December 2022 to probably kind of have some 
numbers from Mahad. And again, giving it a quarter to stabilize so the numbers will start 
contributing in 2023-24. Yes, from Mahad.  

 
Page 9 of 16 
Kunal Mehta: 
Got it. And sir the ability to understand now, something on the margins and I’m sure Dharmil 
sir has clarified that where you expect the margin to be, but could you please understand 
especially on the Camphor side of things because, from what I can see is that we have 
benefited from the reward GTO prices. So, I would just wanted to understand from the cycle 
perspective where do you feel we are in the Camphor cycle, and so with this level of spreads, 
stabilizing even when they stabilize you expect them to revert back to the normal levels, 
considering where we are right now in the supply demand execution of the Camphor product 
because I have been told that these products right now are in a tight supply situation. So in 
any, I would say any understanding of the spread, which you could give to us would be very 
helpful especially on the Camphor side? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I’ll again want to refrain from any kind of crystal ball questions because, we don’t have an 
answer to this, like we’ve said the availability is there, the prices of raw materials and 
transportation cost is going up, the selling prices do continue to hold, we are not seeing it 
breaking through the current levels. And therefore, we stay with our guidance for 15% to 
17%. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Sure. And just this final question from my end is, so could you please give an understanding 
of the pricing which you see on the ingredient side, did the thing continue to be firm. I’m sure 
it’s based on the contracts you have on hand, indication on pricing? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So on the Specialty and the bulk Aroma Chemicals also there is stabilization, there is no 
drastic reduction in the selling prices at all. They stay stable and going forward, it’s most likely 
going to stay stable as where it is. This one is the raw material prices going up.  
Kunal Mehta: 
And sir the volumes we don’t expect them to, since we are operating at this level of inflation 
and volumes, so given that we are right now in terms of the whole utilization cost, do we 
believe that over the next, in the next 12 years at least these set of base volumes would we 
be able to sustain in terms of the metric tons per option which we have, we will see, is there 
a possibility that we may see some reduction in volumes going further as the demand 
normalizes? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, I can give you guidance based on that, based on our order book. We don’t see any kind of 
reductions in the volumes and we will be at full capacity.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Deepan Shankar from Trustline PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepan Shankar: 
First of all wanted to understand how has been the demand for front end business of ours 
and also as the demand for Fine Fragrance has improved across the globe? 

 
Page 10 of 16 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So the Fine Fragrance continues to be on pressure because duty free is a very important part 
of Fine Fragrance sales. In terms of the Indian subcontinent demand of FMCG it currently is 
across various categories it differs and we see stabilization. We did have a peak due to the 
pent up demand which the pipeline needed to be filled, but we see it stabilizing.  
Deepan Shankar: 
Okay. Demand for front end business? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
That’s the front end business which is the FMCG, because all our products go into FMCG use. 
Deepan Shankar: 
Okay. And second question is on the final base raw material availability. So, across the globe 
we are seeing structural slowdown visibility due to lower production in China and China has 
already changed from an exporter to an importer. So, are we seeing structural slowdown in 
availability of final base raw material thereby the raw material prices. 
Moderator: 
We will move to the next question, which is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
I just wanted to understand on this CAPEX part, the Baroda expansion that we are taking 
which has now increased from 60 to 120 to almost 150 to 180 crores now, what kind of asset  
turn can we expect from this entire CAPEX at Baroda?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, Parag we just did that maths. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, what do you mean by asset turn is the yields that we? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Okay. So normally most of our CAPEXs is in a very kind of, in a very broad term we are 
expecting a 1.7x in terms of the investment that we had made. Between 1.5 to 1.7, it will 
normally be more, but this is a very conservative. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Right. And normally, how much time do you expect that this new cap CAPEX that we have 
built, how much time will it take for us to reach, let’s say 80% to 90% capacity utilization? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Parag has given the entire timetable in a previous question. In terms of stabilization, It 
normally takes us a quarter and then in the following two to three quarters we would be at 
easily at 80%, 90% utilization.  
Parag Satoskar: 
Another point here is since most of these products are generic Specialty Aroma ingredients. 
We are not kind of creating a marketplace for them, there is a marketplace where we would 
like to go with a differentiating strategy and offer that to the customer.  

 
Page 11 of 16 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay, that’s really helpful. And secondly, on the new product introduction Dharmil as he was 
saying we have introduced the new products in January. In the last call you had mentioned 
that we’re already planning to introduce 25 to 30 new products in FY22. So do we stay with 
that guideline? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Absolutely.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And on the new product that we’re introducing all this 25 to 30 products that we are 
planning to introduce these are the new products that we have developed the R&D, and 
these are low volume, high value kinds of products? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Correct. And I also want to correct you there is, we’ve launched three in January, and we’ve 
launched eight in in the last quarter. So we’re already up to 11 of those 22 products.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. So the remaining 11 we are planning to launch over the next 15 months? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Correct. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepan Shankar from Trustline PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepan Shankar: 
Sorry, my line got disconnected. So the question is on this side, so are we seeing structural 
slowdown in this final based raw material availability because of production in China going 
down and also China has now pulled as an importer from an exporter earlier. So are you 
seeing structural slowdown there?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
Sure, thank you. So I’ve mentioned this in some of the earlier answers, the availability is not a 
challenge for Oriental Aromatics, the slowdown does exist as you have mentioned which has 
an effect on the price. In terms of availability we see absolutely no issue.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipan Shankar from Trust Line PMS. Pleases 
go ahead.  
Dipan Shankar: 
Most of the questions are answered; I just have two, three questions. So one was, like as you 
said the raw material prices have increased if you could quantify the percentage increase in 
the raw material and how do you feel the trend going forward and what kind of impact this 
would have on our margins? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, I’ll start with the last question first, in terms of impact on margins yes, that is why we 
continue to go back to our guidance of 15% to 17%. We are still seeing the selling prices 
holding, we don’t know in the future whether that has room to move upward. So this is a wait 
and watch quarter for us coming up. 

 
Page 12 of 16 
Dipan Shankar: 
Okay. And sir can you give segment wise EBITDA margin like for Camphor business and 
Fragrance division? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, I have in the past, we still stay with the mix hasn’t changed. It still is one third, one third, 
one third, and across it would be 15% to 17%. And the peaks and valleys that you are seeing 
today is Camphor related. 
Dipan Shankar: 
Okay. And so just few numbers if you could give me, receivables as on 31st December, cash 
and working capital days? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Girish? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
I will give these numbers separately. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, I don’t think he has it in hand actually. Maybe you can reach out to Anuj and we will 
share.  
Dipan Shankar: 
Sure. And sir just last clarification on the Baroda plant to the Greenfield you said the product 
will be, the line would be commissioned by Q3 FY22 right sir? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Parag? 
Parag Satoskar: 
2021, 22 correct, Q3. A single product line. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Puneet Jain from Fair Value Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Puneet Jain: 
So, basically, I wanted some clarity on our Mahad CAPEX, what is the estimated CAPEX 
amount and what would be the product line that we are putting there? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, in terms of the product line, I will not be able to share because that is, information at this 
point we don’t want the market to know. It would be in in Specialty and bulk Aroma 
Chemicals. This all I would be able to share with you at this point. In terms of the CAPEX, it 
would be a phase wise CAPEX, and I’d ask Parag or Girish one of them to answer this. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, right now in terms of the clarity that we have about the project that we would be putting 
in phase one, we are looking at an investment of anywhere between 125 to 160 crores 
depending on any add on utilities that we want to put in the plan. So, this is the kind of CAPEX 
that we are looking for in the first phase, and as we move on, as we see more and more 
opportunities coming our way, because of the new R&D products that come in the pipeline 
we will keep expanding.  

 
Page 13 of 16 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from Ratna Traya Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Sir can you help us understand the movement, I am not asking any kind of guidance, but the 
reason for the Camphor prices being up, is it a production shortage in the domestic industry 
or the demand has gone up or what is that exact reason?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
It’s related to two parts, there was a period where the prices of the Alpha-Pinene were going 
up. And we were of course, on the right side of the curve. And as these went up being a 
commodity product automatically the selling prices were going up. The second part, we 
definitely feel that there has been a healthier demand reasons, maybe people are staying 
home more, there’s more puja activities happening at home than at temples. So, being 
directly linked to the puja platform, we felt that the demand could have gone up because of 
that.  
Pavan Kumar:  
But is there any case of a production cut down by any of the existing players? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Not to my knowledge. That won’t affect us because we are anyway at full capacity.  
Pavan Kumar:  
Okay, but to your understanding all the capacities are functional? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Correct. To the best of my knowledge they are all functional. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
My first question is on the hydrogenation plant. So, if my understanding is correct, we already 
have one plant hydrogenation plant and then we are expanding. So could you quantify in 
terms of what will be the hydrogenation capacity post expansion and how many of our 
products are coming from hydrogenation, because my understanding and you would explain 
it, two, three AGM also this is a most technically sophisticated among other chemistry which 
we operate, could you talk more about this? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Okay, so Parag I don’t know if we can share the capacities, but besides that if you want to, at 
this point because again this is sensitive information.  
Parag Satoskar: 
Correct. So, just to give you a comparison the old hydrogenation facility that we had was #A, 
a very, very small facility, was #B a completely manual capacity. And #C, what’s coming up 
now is probably a more secure capacity, a more sustainable capacity, a more modern 
capacity, and which will be able to handle a wide range of chemicals which can be made with 
hydrogenation in a more sustainable way. So, to safely put it this will be probably 
hydrogenation 2.0 for Oriental, and I wouldn’t be going into the products and the capacity 

 
Page 14 of 16 
because that is sensitive information, which we would not be very, very keen to share as of 
now.  
Aman Vij: 
Sure sir. So, I am not asking exact numbers, but has it made our hydrogenation capability like 
2x or 3x, if you can quantify in that term? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Again, not an apple to apple comparison, because the old hydrogenation plant that we had 
was extremely tiny and used to handle a lot of bulk Aroma ingredient, whereas this new 
capacity that we will have, we will have a nice combination of bulk as well as Specialty aroma 
ingredients. So, it probably wouldn’t be more driven by volume, but it will be more driven by 
value.  
Aman Vij: 
Sure Parag sir. My second question is, on this single product plant. So, sir is rich for one 
customer only broadly or is it across customers and one or allied question to this is, you had 
talked in FY19 AGM that we are coming to that stage where we will be setting up like one 
plant every year almost like that. So, is this the strategy going forward to set up dedicated 
one single product plant, if you can talk about so? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, first question no, it is not going to be for one customer, it is going to be for the entire 
marketplace globally. The kind of chemistries that were involved in and the kind of volume 
involved in the products that we are going to do. Many of them won’t require single plants, in 
the launches that we are planning 11 done and about 22 to go, maybe 10% of those products 
maybe would need a dedicated plant.  
Aman Vij: 
Okay, so we’ll continue that multipurpose strategy which you have talked about? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes, multipurpose strategy continues.  
Aman Vij: 
One of things? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
No, multipurpose strategy continues as the products gain the volume and we feel that there 
is an opportunity for us to gain more market share, then we would consider it going into a 
single plant or product. Having said that yes, even in the current R&D pipeline and what we 
are coming, there are already a couple of products that will need specific plants. So the 
strategy will be multipurpose and dedicated.  
Aman Vij: 
And sir just last thing on this product itself, is it a replacement to our customers has replaced 
us from one of the suppliers to say Oriental now, or else is it a separately new product for the 
customers? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, we’re in the business of manufacturing, creating generic Specialty Aroma Chemicals. So 
the market already exists. So it’s for us to like Parag said earlier, gain our piece of the pie with 
a differentiating strategy.  

 
Page 15 of 16 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Just wanted to ask for on your sustainable margins after we are done with our CAPEX both 
Brownfield and Greenfield. Should it be more than 15%, 17% that we are guiding today? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Look, we are guiding at 15% to 17% everybody would like it to be more including me, I assure 
you, but we will stay at 15% to 17% guidance.  
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Okay, and sir secondly with the Camphor price is going up and significant cash accrual will we 
have higher dividend payouts?  
Dharmil Bodani: 
I can’t answer that at this point, but this year our interim dividend has been pretty healthy. 
So we will see, we are here to progress with being a healthy dividend paying company and we 
will see how that goes.  
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
And sir lastly our Mahad plant equity that we earlier targeted 30%, 70% that remains 
positive? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Girish, Parag? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Yes, it remains in the same proportion.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is a follow up question from the line of Rohit Nagaraj from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Sir, my question relates to the export market. So we have seen that there has been an issue 
of container availability through it so did we get impacted? So my question pertains to the 
exports market. We have seen there is an issue of container availability as well as freight 
rates going up. So has it impacted our exports revenues in Q3 and what do we see it in terms 
of the current quarter Q4?  
Parag Satoskar: 
So there’s definitely an impact, we as a company we are trying multiple strategies to explore 
how we can kind of mitigate that by a kind of doing some forward contracts but they not et 
cetera, et cetera, multiple options are being explored. Having said that, there will be an 
impact, as we kind of see the other side of the world with vaccinations happening, I’m sure 
with the shipping lines opening up to somewhere close to pre-COVID levels. This is a 
temporary blip which should get corrected. And when it gets corrected, we’ll come back to 
our original, but till that time we will definitely have that impact. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Thanks. Sir second question is slightly on the growth side. So, we know that globally the F&F 
market grows by about 4%, 5% in India the growth rate is higher at say maybe 8% to 10%. But 
we have guided about 12% to 15% growth rate. So what is the rationale behind it, we are 

 
Page 16 of 16 
gaining market share from some other players or there is any shutdown of some of the, 
probably not so efficient capacities. So what gives us this confidence of achieving 12% to 15% 
growth in the foreseeable future. Thank you.  
Dharmil Bodani: 
So it goes back to our CAPEX, if you look at Baroda and Mahad and based on what Parag has 
mentioned that it’s a 1.5, 1.7x. If you divide that number in the next three to five years, you 
would arrive at 10% to 12%. And this is largely because the Specialty and generic Specialty 
and bulk Aroma Chemicals that we are investing into. We will get our market share for those 
materials.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As this was a last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Dharmil Bodani from Oriental Aromatics Limited for closing comments. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
So, thank you all for participating in the earnings call. I hope we’ve been able to answer your 
question satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about 
the company, we would be very happy to be of assistance. We are thankful to all our 
investors who stood by us and also had and continue to have confidence in the company’s 
growth going forward and with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Oriental Aromatics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
