 Happiest Minds Technologies Limited  
 (formerly known as Happiest Minds Technologies Pvt Ltd) 
Regd. Office : #53/1-4, Hosur Main Road, 
Madivala, Bangalore-560068, Karnataka, India  
 CIN of the Co. L72900KA2011PLC057931 
 P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700 
 www.happiestminds.com 
February 17, 2021
Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Stock Code: 543227 
Listing & Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: HAPPSTMNDS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on February 11, 2021
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015,  please  find  enclosed  the  transcript  of  the  Earnings  Call  held  on  February 11, 2021  post  
announcement  of  financial  results  of  the  Company  for  the  quarter  and  nine months  ended 
December  31, 2020. Transcript will also be hosted on the Company’s website. https://
www.happiestminds.com/investors 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Praveen Kumar Darshankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F6706 

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
Q3 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 11, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RISHIT PARIKH - NOMURA FINANCIAL ADVISORY & SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK SOOTA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN  
 
 
 
MR. JOSEPH ANANTHARAJU – VICE CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PES 
 
 
 
MR. RAJIV SHAH – PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DBS 
 
MR. CHALUVAIYA RAMAMOHAN– PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
OF IMSS 
 
MR. VENKATRAMAN NARAYANAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. AUROBINDA NANDA – PRESIDENT OPERATIONS & DEPUTY CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PES 
 
MR. PRAVEEN DARSHANKAR - HEAD OF THE LEGAL DEPARTMENT, 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
 
MR. SUNIL GUJJAR – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS   

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Q3 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call 
of Happiest Minds Technologies hosted by Nomura Financial Advisory and Securities. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishit 
Parikh from Nomura Financial Advisory and Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thank you Margaret. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for the 
Q3 FY2021 earnings Call of Happiest Minds Technologies Limited. On behalf of Nomura, I 
would like to thank the management of Happiest Minds for giving us an opportunity to host this 
earnings call. Today we have with us Mr. Ashok Soota - Executive Chairman, Mr. Joseph 
Anantharaju – Vice Chairman, President & CEO of PES; Mr. Rajiv Shah – President & CEO of 
DBS, Mr. Ramamohan – President & CEO of IMSS; Mr. Venkatraman – Managing Director & 
Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Aurobinda Nanda – President of Operations & Deputy CEO PES; 
Mr. Praveen Darshankar, Head of Legal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer and Mr. 
Sunil Gujjar – Head of Investor Relations. Now I will now like to hand over the call to Sunil for 
safe harbor statement and to take the proceedings forward. Thank you and over to you Sunil! 
Sunil Gujjar: 
Thank you Rishit. Very good morning to all. Welcome to this conference call to discuss the 
financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2020. We trust all of you are keeping well 
and staying safe. I am Sunil from Investor Relations Team. Ashok and Venkat will begin the call 
with a brief overview of the company’s Q3 performance after which we will have the floor open 
for Q&A. 
 
Before I handover, let me begin with the safe harbor statement. During the call, we could make 
forward-looking statements. These statements are considering the environment we see as of today 
and obviously carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the actual results could be 
different as outlined in the earnings release which is available on our website. We do not 
undertake to update those statements periodically. 
 
Now let me pass it on to Ashok. Over to you Ashok! 
Ashok Soota: 
Thank you Sunil. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. I would also like to begin by thanking 
Nomura for hosting this call and I would like to welcome all of you to the conference that we are 
having for our financial results for the quarter ending December 2020. 
 
As you know this is the second quarter after our IPO and we would like to thank the financial 
community for the support that we have received I am really happy to say that happiest minds has 
delivered an excellent quarter on multiple fronts on virtually every front be it serial growth or 
quarterly or year-over-year growth in terms of both revenue and profitability. Our financial 
metrics such as RoE speak for themselves. 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
In this COVID world, the world is slowly returning to normalcy. It is evident that the new normal 
will include a greater reliance on technology and therefore the outlook for the IT services industry 
is robust. I would like to thank our team as well as their families for the resilience they have 
shown in this time where there was a complete inveigling of the office into the home through 
eight continuous months of work from home and still counting. We also thank our customers for 
their continued support and confidence and with this I would like to hand this over to Venkat for 
more details. 
Venkatraman N: 
Thank you Ashok. Good morning. I would like to start by thanking Nomura Securities for hosting 
this call. I will in the next few minutes, attempt to cover the highlights of our financial results for 
the third quarter of FY2021. 
 
On the revenues we grew our revenues in U.S. dollar terms sequentially by 6% and year over year 
are at about 8.8%. Growth for nine months over the previous year was about 2.2%. Revenue 
growth for the quarter in INR terms was 7.1% sequentially, 14.6% year-over-year basis and on a 
nine-month over a nine-month period it is 9.6% so good growth numbers. 
 
EBITDA we continue to maintain our upward trend. For Q3 I am very happy to report an 
EBITDA of Rs.59.6 Crores which stands at about 29.7% of revenues. For the nine-month period 
our EBITDA is a cumulative Rs.157 Crores and 27.3% of our revenues. 
 
Improvement in EBITDA by the quarter over the previous has been largely contributed by 
increasing in operating revenues, some gains on accounts of foreign currency and other income 
followed by high utilization of 81.6% and lower attrition of about 13.1%. All of us continue to 
work from home and benefits from that coupled with reduced travel and certain administrative 
costs continue to help us. 
 
Our EBITDA numbers continue to be closer to that of larger IT companies while showing a 
growth higher than most of them. PBT for Q2 is Rs.53.3 Crores and 26.5% of the revenues 
compared to Rs.42.7 Crores and 22.7% from the previous quarter. 
 
PBT for nine months is Rs.137 Crores and 23.8% of revenues. PAT for the quarter it is Rs. 42.15 
Crores and 20.9% of revenues compared to the Rs.34 Crores and 18.1% we did in the last quarter. 
PAT for the ninth month period is Rs.126 Crores and at about 22% of our revenues. The above 
profit numbers translate to an EPS of Rs 8.95 for the nine month period. That is a fully diluted 
EPS. 
 
Our balance sheet ratios of ROC and ROE continue to be industry leading and very good at 
36.2% and 33.2% respectively. We continue to generate strong cash flows coupled with full use 
of our working capital and beneficial borrowing facilities. Our ratio of free cash flow generated to 
EBITDA continues to be 99% and for the quarter we generated Rs. 59 Crores. We ended the 
period with a cash and investment balance of Rs.540 Crores approximately. 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Talking on a few other metrics our DSO continues to be healthy, it is at about 80 days for the 
nine-month period. We added six new customers during the quarter. On our Happiest Minds we 
are at 2,885 with a net addition of 164 Happiest Minds during the quarter. Continue with the 
policy of giving maximum disclosures we have placed on our website a presentation to investors 
with detailed operational and financial metrics including trends. Please do go through the same 
and get back with any questions you may have. With this along with my colleagues on this call I 
would like to open this session for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Rishit Parikh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thank you for this. Two questions from my side. The first if I look at our employee expenses 
they have been flattish in the last three quarters right given that we have seen a rise in terms of 
demand for digital talent could you let us know your thoughts one on talent availability, second 
how do we plan to retain and attract talent and also if you could just comment on the wage hikes 
and the variable payouts that we plan to give out in the coming quarters. That is the first and 
second if I look at the growth in our largest geography which is U.S. it is flat from a Q-o-Q 
standpoint. Could you just talk about what impacted growth and how should we think about 
growth in the coming quarters especially in the U.S. market. 
Aurobinda Nanda: 
All right this is Nanda here. So I would like to take this one. With respect to talent availability, let 
me tell you that we are seeing an uptick in demand also at this point of time and we have been 
able to hire from the market as well as train people who we have hired both cross skill as well as 
upskill and with that we are able to meet our current demands. But with the upsurge in the 
demand that is coming in from a new business and existing business perspective we will be going 
to the market and hiring on a big scale and at the same time our increase of fresh graduates also 
will see an uptick in the coming quarters. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Anything on major challenges you have for the quarter Mr.  Nanda? 
Aurobinda Nanda: 
Now coming to a retention part we have multiple activities going on and we are right now going 
through an appraisal process which will be followed by an increment effective April 1, 2021. So 
with that we will be able to retain most of our people and our current attrition rates let me tell you 
is at one of the lowest levels within the current industry it stands today at about 12% to 13% at 
this point of time. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
This is Joseph here. Rishit thanks and good observation on the U.S. market. We had a you know a 
couple of engagements where we were delivering transformational programs for our customers in 
US that came to an end in Q3 and a big chunk of the billing happened in Q2 and therefore if you 
look at US revenues we were able to make up those for the transformation projects that got over 
and therefore the revenue stayed flat in US., but at the same time we saw all the other geos show 
incremental growth. We have growth in Middle East through a couple of new customers we have 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 20 
added in the infrastructure and security space. In Europe one of our last transformation projects 
was sort of peaking in Q3 so we see an increase in Europe numbers and we also have a couple of 
new deals that we find that we have shared in the press release and India as well. We had one of 
our largest customers where we had a milestone billing which contributed to the increase in India 
percentage of revenue and one of the larger customers in India in the infrastructure space we 
continue to see good traction over there. Coming to US we did see signs of demand picking up in 
December and in January once we came back from the holiday season we have seen quite a few 
of our customers come back with new initiatives and budgets and we expect the growth in US to 
pick up in Q4. 
Venkatraman N: 
Rishit, coming on to the employee costs and quarter-on-quarter there has been an increase if you 
look at it from the last quarter. But what ends up happening is quite a bit of this has come through 
associates partners and the contractors and so that number goes into other expenses in the SEBI 
format of our results, which is why the employee expenses and benefits continue to remain 
constant over the quarter. That is one. The second is we have fully provided for all the variable 
pay and all of those expenses that have been incurred for the quarter, any over achievement has 
also been provided for. Now coming to the wage increase that we are looking, we would be doing 
that as per our internal policy so there is a market survey that the people practice is currently 
engaged in and that will be something that will come to effect over starting from April and July 
of next year. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Just one follow-up Joseph, could you also provide some color on the TCV and the pipeline 
ending Q3 do you see the 10 -20 million dollar deals in the pipeline yet or I there is still some 
turnover? Thanks. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
The pipeline continues to be robust. What we have also seen is that the pipeline is weighing more 
towards the higher probability, so we feel quite good about where our pipeline is right now. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Any comments on the TCV are you giving that number out yet? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
We do not share that number Rishit. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thank you. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from union AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir my first 
question is on your EBITDA. You said that there is a certain forex and other income component 
in EBITDA could you just quantify that for me? 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes, the other income is about Rs.6.6 Crores and forex income is about Rs.1.85 Crores. So if you 
look at that we have put other income at about Rs.898 lakhs in our SEBI results. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Okay so apart from that which is reported in the SEBI format there is no other income component 
in which is there in the EBITDA right? 
Venkatraman N: 
No absolutely. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Sir I have two more questions, if you could just help me give some outlook on your very recent 
acquisition of Pimcore Global Services. Two things over there, what is the kind of growth that 
this company has been doing and whether the profitability of this company has been after maybe 
at least in line with our company or if it is not whatever plans that we have to sort of bring it up to 
the company average. Because clearly this is a large acquisition of about 10% of our revenue, so 
if at all the EBITDA is not maybe in line with our company average we may see some sort of a 
dilution in EBITDA. So if you just comment on that? My second question will be, we have 
always maintained that our growth needs to be 2x of our peers in industry and we benchmark 
ourselves with global companies like EPAM and Globant which have been growing far higher as 
compared to Indian IT services companies. So do you maintain that we will be able to grow 2x of 
our peer flash industry in FY2022 and because your peers have most of them have guided for a 
double digit sort of approach in FY2022. And lastly just one data point I required if we just help 
you with absolute subcontracting cost for Q3 and nine months of FY2021? Thank you. 
Venkatraman N: 
Vimal I think you have asked about four questions if I lose track of any of them I will get back to 
you. The first is on the acquisition of PGS, we had put out a press release, sorry an intimation to 
the stock exchange which covered in detail the strategic intent of that acquisition it gels well with 
our e-commerce digital capabilities that we are looking to build a business around and PGS has 
been a long time customer of ours as well and as we had put out they do about $10 million in 
revenues out of which we were billing them two plus million dollars. So there was a partnership 
that was in place and that has been blossomed into this transaction. Coming to the growth, yes 
being in the digital space they will continue to grow fast and they have been growing in the same 
path over the last few years. On profitability it is not profit dilutive it will be earning accretive 
from the word go, their profit profile is very similar to what we have in our in our own business 
so those three are with respect to the PGS acquisition. The second one that you talked about was 
the data point on subcontractor cost. I will pick that out and I will send it to you separately or 
during the call I will give that number. What is the third question Vimal? 
Vimal Gohil: 
We have maintained at the growth is expected with our peers/industry most of our peers have 
talked about double digit growth so what how do we look at it from an FY2022 point of view? 
Venkatraman N: 
So we have long held that this current year of FY2021 we would have a kind of tepid growth 
during the IPO road show that is what we had put out there and we will make it up in terms of 
profitability. Kept to that kind of a trend and that kind of a promise that we made so to that extent 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 20 
our growth is also slowly catching up higher than what we said we would do earlier, but we had 
also said that going back to FY2022, we will be back to our past trajectory of 20% plus which is 
if you look at it twice that of industry peers in India  
Ashok Soota: 
Can I just add one small thing when you mentioned that the acquisition is 10% of our sales. As 
Venkat has indicated to you, we were already billing some things into PGS so it is not really 10% 
it is smaller than that to the extent that 2 millionPlus out of the 10 million we were already billing 
but the profitability point is perfectly valid. If we combine both the profit that PGS was making 
and the profit we were making on the sales, then it is certainly not margin dilutive and they are 
running at the same sort of profit levels where we are. 
Vimal Gohil: 
That is great. Sir so just one clarification the 20% plus growth that you are expecting in FY2022 
that will be including acquisition or excluding the PGS acquisition? 
Ashok Soota: 
I do not think we want to get into that detail. Our commitment on the long term is that we will do 
20% and I think let us say that there will be periods, when part of it comes through small 
acquisitions, part of it may actually help to go above those levels. But I do not think we are 
getting into guidance at this stage and remember one thing, that its not I mean one quarter of 
those results will already be into this year. So it is not just adding an enormous amounts to our 
revenues. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Fair enough Sir. Congratulations once again and thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Dipesh Mehta from Emkay global. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just want to understand, if you can provide some detail about sector 
wise how we expect trend to play out. Because for last couple of quarter what we have reported, 
we have seen some volatility. So if you can help us understand, how one should look growth 
trajectory across sectors, so that would be helpful for medium term perspective. If you can 
provide some color and what will be the growth driver? Second question is about margins. What 
would be sustainable, considering our business profile and service opening? How one should look 
sustainable margin profile for Happiest Minds? Obviously we are benefiting currently from some 
of the lower travel costs and other things but what do you think medium term sustainable margin 
trajectory for us and third thing is about deal wins in pipeline. I think you earlier indicated we do 
not provide specific deal TCV, but if you can provide some progress over the last few months or 
maybe couple of quarters how it has helped us from qualitative perspective? Thank you. 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes. So Dipesh on the first part, I am assuming that you are looking at the vertical split and the 
question is related to that right? So I would request Joseph to go ahead on that. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
I will take it both from geo and vertical perspective this question. So from geo, as I mentioned 
earlier we have seen new deals and pipeline build up in all our geos including some of the newer 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 20 
geo like Middle East and ANZ, Europe which has been an area of a special focus for us we have 
seen, we have reported a couple of new deals in Q3 and we are seeing a healthy pipeline and as I 
mentioned US also has a good pipeline. So from a geo perspective, we think that we will have 
balanced growth in all our geos. From a vertical angle, I think the verticals that continue to see 
traction, in the Edutech, hi-tech, digital media and e-commerce space and in media also we our 
focus is more on online and digital media, the new age media companies, the new age technology 
and media and we have seen COVID having a positive impact on them. After we came back from 
the holiday season in January, we have also seen an uptick in industrial and the logistics the 
distribution space, where more of the digital initiatives have got budgeted and are being 
implemented or executed where we have seen existing and some new Joseph phone line disconnected  
Venkatraman N: 
So while we connect Joseph back. I will just answer the question the data point that was 
requested on the subcontractors. So Q2 we paid cost was about Rs.14 Crores. Q3 it was Rs.18.6 
Crores. YTD it is about Rs.48 Crores. So that was on the subcontractor. So while that is out of the 
way. I will get to Dipesh question on the sustainable margin numbers, so I have been holding on 
to the number with a range of between 21% and 23%, that is what I have been holding on as we 
go into the longer term and things come back to normal with some of the cost benefits that we are 
today enjoying on account of the COVID pandemic and work from home situation coming back 
into P&L. So that is what I have been holding on, but yes we have been performing much better 
than those numbers as we see from our financials. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
I think I was completing my response. The last point I was making that we have seen new 
initiatives being spun off in the industrial and logistics distribution space on the digital side and 
so that is another area where we expect to continue seeing traction. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes maybe I let me rephrase this question. I think third question is unanswered deal win pipeline 
but let us I will rephrase on this sector wise. Do you expect any change over three year period our 
revenue mix from vertical perspective or do you think this mix holds a largely stable kind of thing 
and because we expect broad based growth and that is mix unlikely to change any meaningful 
way over next three years? 
Ashok Soota: 
Let me intervene on this one. I do not this was going to give you a vertical indicator for three 
years or even what trends are happening. There are a lot of moving forces in the market we are in 
high growth segments we see all of them going well. Sometimes what may happen is for example 
with this acquisition obviously the proportion of retail business will go up. So there are so many 
imponderables, but basically speaking if you ask me we do not fundamentally on a show organic 
basis I think all of them are in very high growth areas. We mentioned to you earlier that we were 
not impacted by being present in places like travel etc., in a large way and we were in high areas 
which did not get impacted that much by the COVID epidemic. Which is why you could see that 
our results have also held up better than most people’s. So there is no dramatic change that you 
can expect if that is what you are looking for. Other than that there will be incremental changes 
that may be a function of one account growing faster than the other at our size can make a 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 20 
difference on one vertical versus the other. So let us just watch the space. But other than that, I 
would say growth in retail and e-commerce because of the acquisition, I do not see that you are 
going to get a dramatic shift and all of the segments that we were in will continue to grow. 
Venkatraman N: 
We have said that we will be calling out healthcare as a vertical soon enough so that is something 
that we will change. 
Ashok Soota: 
It is not even in our current list. So I do not think we want to tell them that we will start appearing 
in the list as it begins to even from next year shall start reporting on it.  
Joseph Anantharaju:  
I just want to make two points on the pipeline as I mentioned the pipeline continues to be good 
and from a qualitative angle we have seen these move more into the advanced stage over Q3 and 
in the beginning one, one-and-a-half months of Q4. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Sangani from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Hardik Sangani: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to ask my questions. Just a couple of questions Sir, in 
terms of marketing cost that has been expenses facility so this quarter there has been a significant 
reduction and as a percentage of revenue in those expenses. So just wanted to understand the 
rationale for it. Secondly in terms of our PGS, do we plan to do acquisition of similar scale or 
what specific areas are we look into do the future acquisitions. That is it from my side. 
Venkatraman N: 
The first question was the drop for the decrease in SG&A costs right, is that what it was Hardik. 
Hardik Sangani: 
Yes Sir. 
Ashok Soota: 
Yes so that is slightly a function of what like things like rental costs, the rental costs that we have 
been talking about, how those move. We have got certain provisions for incentives or some 
provision for bad and doubtful debts that were created in the previous quarter versus that are no 
longer required in the current quarter. So majorly, if you look at it the drop of about Rs. 4 or Rs. 5 
Crores in our detailed financials is on account of that. So otherwise, we have held almost at the 
same or a similar or constant number compared to the last quarter. So that is on the SG&A part. 
As far as acquisitions are concerned, we are looking for like we had earlier said we are looking 
for profitable digital assets which are in the range of it can be anywhere upwards of 10 to 30 
million dollars this is what we are looking at and that was the basis on which we had also 
presented the need for strategic funds during the capital raise or fund raise that we did during the 
IPO or retaining the cash balances on our books during the IPO. 
Ashok Soota: 
I might just add you see the requirement in terms of targets is actually very broad. It could be 
geo-based. If you could get some things in geos, which are companies of a certain size where we 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 20 
do not have a very strong presence that will help. And virtually in other areas where there is 
actually very let us say high growth and yet at the same time talent is very scarce. So we are 
really looking for capabilities when we do an acquisition and anything that anybody on this call 
can help us with in terms of targets would be most grateful. 
Hardik Sangani: 
Thank you Sir. Just a couple of more questions so in the utilizations that had peaked at around 
81%, 82%. So as we go at the industry revenue, do we need to significant so will that utilization 
reduce that we will try to build a bench. And secondly in terms of sales investment. So like we 
alluded that Europe and certain other markets to be the next growth engines for us, so do we so 
will that markets begin significant investment to start with? 
Aurobinda Nanda: 
Okay this is Nanda here, I will take the question on the utilization front. Today we are around 
82%, 83% in utilization running at that number and last nine months it will be an averaging out 
about 78.5%. In our opinion the range should be anywhere between 78% and 82%, 83% kind of 
thing and that will be maintaining that kind of utilization numbers going ahead. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
In terms of sales presence we do have adequate sales presents in all our geos including the newer 
geos. Couple of things that we will be watching for the process of drawing up our plans and 
depending on how we see the potential and account revenue movement in specific geos, we may 
add a little bit more bandwidth. The other area that we are looking at is in terms of senior account 
managers or client partners, to really take some of our existing accounts to the next level large 
accounts with potential to the next level and that’s an area where you know we will probably add 
a few people so they can go about account mining and account expansion in a focused manner. 
Hardik Sangani: 
Okay, thank you Joseph that is from my side. I will come back for followup. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Yadav from Moonshot Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikas Yadav: 
Actually my question is, can in medium term we can think that we will be going for software as a 
service kind of model? Let me elaborate it for further. We are having deep capability in Edutech 
and all that can we use those capabilities in medium term for let us it would three years and then 
we try to make a new product out of it and give it as  software as a service and that kind of model 
can be we are thinking in that direction or not? 
Ashok Soota: 
Let us really put that as a forward-looking question new strategy keeps evolving. We already 
have a fairly high proportion of our revenue as which comes in terms of what we call as SaaS. So 
many things are moving into that model, but are we going to move into something where we 
would start competing with our customers not at all. So from that angle, you could rule it out. But 
we could deliver services all the time. Many of the solutions we are offering are on SaaS basis. 
So that’s not an issue, because that is the way the whole industry is moving. Therefore we offer 
solutions in that format, but we do not get into competing with our customers. There can be other 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 20 
creative models which will emerge, but those would all be in the realm of forward-looking 
statements. 
Vikas Yadav: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Shah from KR Choksey Shares & 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harit Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is related to the acquisition that you made 
recently. By when you expect to consolidate it. Will it be the full fourth quarter or maybe 
sometime in between. 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes Harit, the definitive agreements were signed end of January, but we are in discussion with 
our auditors on the accounting for the consultation of the subsidiary of the entity. So we are 
looking to seek effective control is something that we need to go basis the basis for consolidation 
so that is something under discussion. So the full consolidation for the full financial year will be 
available from next FY2022 and for FY2021 it could be for the last quarter. 
Harit Shah: 
Okay sir from first of January, you are saying that is the possibility. 
Venkatraman N: 
That is the possibility. 
Harit Shah: 
My second question is that from the margin front, so you had mentioned that 21% to 23% I think 
is the range that you are kind of comfortable with. So my question to that is, would you think that 
you are selling yourself short a bit there, given you know the performance that you achieved so 
far this year? And also I think in context of the fact that the entire industry, I think almost all 
companies without exception have been able to record margin expansions this fiscal year which is 
considerably above there is no maybe historical rate over the last two to three years. So what do 
you think that is a possibility that you may definitely overachieve on this particular aspect and 
maybe next year we may end up having to maybe expect a better higher ranges than what you are 
currently expecting? 
Venkatraman N: 
Harit so like I mentioned on that margin front, we have been holding this number at 21%, 23% 
for the last three four quarters. So right from the time we spent for the book building or during the 
IPO. Things have been quite dynamic, things have changed quite a bit, so your question does 
merit us to look at that profile and reconsider it, which we will surely look at when we get into 
the FY2022 planning exercise. Because I am sure margin has got so many moving parts. We will 
have to see how that plays out when we start the plan which is already in the works for FY2022. 
Once we have that I can tell you with a little bit more of conviction that it will be higher. Yes I 
would like it to be higher because there are certain of these cost savings and elements of 
efficiency which have come in. We would like to retain as many as much as possible of those in 
the financials. That is something that we will surely be focused on. So to answer your question it 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 20 
not that we are going to give up on margin expansion because we thought it is 21% to 23%. Our 
sights are set higher. 
Ashok Soota: 
But I think we should be cautious about some of that, because to the extent that the margin 
everybody's margins went up with the rupee, clearly that will get impacted for everybody. We 
have a much higher offshore content than other people and therefore to that extent we gain more 
and we may lose a little bit when things come back to normal when all the travel begins all over 
again, immigration costs will begin all over again but the way things have been. And I suppose 
that is where we could really take a look for the weighted average for the year. See we are not 
getting back to work from office and we are not really starting to travel in the way that obviously 
people have been doing, but at least I should imagine another two quarters. To that extent you 
should say it should be sustainable. But I think there has been all the factors which caused you to 
expand. The moment they come into play, for contrary you will also want to go down a little bit 
which is fine. I mean, they are obviously running at a very high level. They are running at 
traditionally much higher levels than the IT industry has run for years. I think it is actually 
healthier to go back because then you are attracting more, it really gives you an opportunity to 
become more competitive. 
Harit Shah: 
Sure Sir. That is quite helpful. One last question from my side. I realize you do not obviously 
give out explicit volume and pricing kind of metrics. But you know there is some sort of a back in 
this calculation the fact that your utilization rate has improved so substantially. So that does 
probably some sort of given indication that possibly the pricing for this quarter was under 
pressure. So was that probably a right way to look at it that this is entirely mainly volume and 
maybe this quarter pricing to some extent did see some sort of a decline on a blended basis? 
Venkatraman N: 
Harit to answer there has been no pricing pressure to talk about this quarter. So that is one 
because if you have to move such a huge percentage the price drop that you would expect has to 
be significant so that has not happened so it is largely utilization led. Obviously when you look at 
our blend like Joseph mentioned we have made entry into Middle East. So the Middle East 
pricing will be slightly different compared to let us say the US pricing given the costs related to 
that geography. I am talking about onsite costs versus offshore so other than that there has been 
no change in prices. 
Harit Shah: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal & Broacha. Please go 
ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for taking my questions. My question is pertaining to the Edutech vertical. If you 
could give me your opinion. Once things normalize a post COVID, what do you see the impact 
on this vertical?  I know you are giving any quantitative output or guidance but if you could give 
a qualitative view on your pipeline and capabilities in that segment? Thank you. 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
As we mentioned in the previous call as well if you were there. One of the segments that we are 
seeing a fair bit of activity and traction has been the Edutech segment. With a few factors at play 
here, the chief among them is the move from school or in person to online and what the segment 
is preparing for more of a hybrid kind of approach. And earlier they had some semblance of 
online learning that was there but the scale that is required to have remote learning and some of 
the collaborative tools are very different and they are realizing that. So a lot of the initiatives that 
that were kicked off in Q2 of last year of Q3 of the calendar year were in this direction. Once 
these companies- Edutech companies took stock up the situation and we see that continuing to 
play out. Along with that there is some of the newer elements around adaptive learning, 
predictive learning usage of analytics to help students with making adjustments to their learning 
journey. All of these are coming into play, making it a much more interactive and immersive 
experience. So we expect that these trends to continue for the foreseeable future. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for your answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of SridharRallabandi, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sridhar Rallabandi: 
Compliments on the excellent results. I wanted to understand what is the percentage of travel 
expenses to the revenue, because this is the statement company made that there has been a 
reduction in travel cost. So I wanted to understand how much could it increase going forward? 
Venkatraman N: 
To give you a high level estimate, travel used to be about half a million a quarter and that is half a 
million dollars a quarter, that was the kind of run rate that we used to have. Now if you are 
looking at it that has come down to I would not say zero but close to that, because travel has two 
elements one is travel and the visas. So the visa spend happens even now given how we will be 
filing the visas whenever the requirements are there in active anticipation of demand. We do file 
visas for the U.S. but otherwise travel has largely come down. 
Sridhar Rallabandi: 
The second question is the percentage of people that you employ overseas versus India do you 
see that change in the aftermath of COVID because we hear companies talking about work from 
home more and more? 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes so you are talking about onsite offshore mix right? There are some requirements which have 
to be necessarily done onsite, so which will be done evaluated by the delivery team. So if the 
question is are we pushing offshore when there is mandated requirement to the customer for 
offshore or onsite? That’s not the case. So it is largely customer and project driven. If there is a 
requirement for onsite people for understanding and fleshing out the project requirements or the 
requirements of a current job that we have at hand, we will deploy resources onsite. So right now 
because of travel restrictions maybe people are not traveling but we are doing local hiring to 
make sure that we are able to bring that work onto our books. 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Ashok Soota: 
I think a little bit about asking you about it, because there is a feeling that other people have 
realized that you can work from home maybe there would not be so much pressure for many of 
the companies who had people working onsite. Now when you look at it, our ratio of offshore is 
the highest already in the industry. So therefore we are not going to reduce that at all even if we 
remain at that level. I think it would be from one angle okay, but from the other angle we do want 
a higher engagement in terms of more consulting led sales etc., in which we do quite well so. We 
could see marginal increases not decreases, because suddenly the world has realized you could do 
everything else on a work from home basis, so why do you need to be onsite. 
Sridhar Rallabandi: 
Yes, the other thing is the segmental revenue that you showed in the investor presentation. Two 
segments had low shares, I think industrial and manufacturing. So it just going to stay at those 
kinds of percentages or do you think that would also go up? 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
So if you really say in terms of, you want to take that Rajiv go ahead, please? 
Rajiv Shah: 
I think that as Joseph highlighted Sridhar, from industrial and manufacturing perspective we see 
that area continue to grow and especially with the newer business adoption that the customers 
have taken into as well as digital investment they are making. And us as a company also 
continues to invest significantly on the domain side. I think that number will continue to improve 
and continue to see a growth from the kind of problems that we solve for the customer 
environment. 
Ashok Soota: 
Where you got that number because manufacturing is actually showing a very solid growth in the 
current year. 
Sridhar Rallabandi: 
It is about 7% and industrial is about 7% I think. I do not recall the exact perspective but both 
were below 10%. 
Ashok Soota: 
Manufacturing for us last year 3.7%, it is up to 6.7%, this actually gone up very sharply. 
Sridhar Rallabandi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Union AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity once again. Sir, sorry to prod you on margins again. 
Clearly there was a question asked that you have really sort of I do not want a guidance on the 
margin percent, but the drivers of margins. And the key drivers over here seem to be offshore and 
our utilization levels and we have taken pride in stating that we have one of the highest offshore 
rates in the industry and clearly your global peers EPAM and Globant have similar sort of metrics 
to report. Given the fact that the work from home has forced us to sort of look at different models, 
why would you want to change that because this is working perfectly all right? If the company 
has been able to sign large deal from a work from home model, the company has been able to 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 20 
execute those. So my question is why Happiest Minds and the industry per se would want to 
change this, if it is working so beautifully and it is giving growth plus it is profitable, that is my 
simple question? Thank you. 
Ashok Soota: 
Venkat, have you got his clear, I am not sure what you are saying we are trying to change? We 
are also happy with the model. So we are not doing any fundamental changes here, but you are 
saying so the questions on went back to the issue on margin is that the one? 
Venkatraman N: 
The question more so seems to be Ashok,  why not continue this work from home model even 
after things have settled down. Everything seems to be working well for the company and for the 
industry so why do not you adopt it as a kind of a permanent kind of a model? 
Vimal Gohil: 
We get saving on the margins as sure that is why. 
Ashok Soota: 
Let me just tell you one thing, see firstly it is not that our margins have gone up a lot because of 
work from home. We saved rental costs because we do not own our premises. Travel in any case  
will come back when business comes back. The main thing about work from home, you got to 
really understand this that there is much more to an organization than just people sitting isolated 
and working from home. It is the water cooler conversations. It is exchange of knowledge, it is 
people in building the right culture. You could get into a completely non-bonded organization 
which loses sights of all our values which are very dear to us and these are the really critical 
things which make us different. We would never contemplate on getting back to a model where 
we will say we will just continually work on home because you could do it and technology 
demonstrated it. That we had already demonstrated from even before COVID we always allowed 
our people up to one day a week to work from home. But the important thing is to be together 
build teams, build culture sustain that and as soon as we can we will then go back to in a sense 
being available in our own premises with all our people all together and the teams working 
together. 
Ramamohan C: 
This is Ram. Just to add to what Ashok said. In the future also our customers may also say that 
since the situation has become better and they may want to start again the ODC kind of a culture 
and they may ask us to return back to the work that is one. Second aspect apart from culture 
which is extremely important is that, there is a lot of white boarding, there a lot of brainstorming, 
there is a lot of other activities which is much more creative and it happens when we actually 
work from the office together and that also has to happen. So we will see that once the situation 
eases down, we will get into more of a hybrid model where there will be work from home it was 
always there as Ashok mentioned and also working from office so it is going to help in building 
better camaraderie and also building better creativity. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Fair enough. Sir one more question would be, I think one more place where you know the 
company has delivered well is you know controlling cost and by cost I mean the operating cost, 
excluding the subcontractor cost. So that has clearly not grown in-line with delta. I think you had 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 20 
already mentioned that in the IPO. Kudos to the management for delivering on that. I just wanted 
to know if you are able to sort of grow at 20% plus growth rate in the longer run, will your costs 
also grow at the same pace. Is there a need to grow cost in the same pace or we will be able to 
sort of get more operating levels from that? 
Venkatraman N: 
There are two components to cost one is the people cost which is the largest part of our business 
and second is the SG&A. As far as SG&A is concerned? 
Vimal Gohil: 
About costs that are excluding the people cost and the opex cost the S&M, the G&A? 
Venkatraman N: 
So that is something that we have always been ahead of industry because of the smaller base that 
we had we were maybe about a couple of percentage points ahead of industry or two three 
percentage points ahead of the industry on the SG&A component of total costs. And we have 
always been saying that as we grow in size that is something that will come down,  We were 
working on reducing that by about a percentage, percentage and the half every year, so that has 
been the trend over the last three years, two years if you see our financials. We continued that 
irrespective of COVID or not, pandemic or not we have been focusing on that that control and 
that will come and it will stabilize certain number into somewhere between 9% and 11%, so that 
is something that it will stabilize that. 
Ashok Soota: 
Yes but again I want to caution, if I go back to my older days between our SG&A costs as a mid-
sized company as well as the larger companies there was a good 8% difference at all times 
because their volumes are so much larger. Now we have already reduced that gap quite a bit and 
the very fact that our profitability levels are comparable with the larger players, I would not say 
that we want another lever which will take us above them. If you say you guys are almost equal 
to their level now you think you can reduce your SG&A further by 3%, then you will become 
more profitable with them. I do not think that will happen. Some other forces will come and 
balance out. We are happy enough remaining where we are in terms of relative profitability. 
Venkatraman N: 
I think we lost Ashok but Vimal I think you got the drift? We are not going to take a eyes off that 
that line item but like Ashok was mentioning there will be compensating levers which do pop up 
at some point in time which may be an investment that needs to be made and we will not hesitate 
to make that if that has a huge leverage on our revenues. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you so much for the details. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishit Parikh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thanks for taking the question again. Venkat, just one question on the acquisition. While 
obviously it is $10 million in terms of revenue run rate, is there likely to be a slow ramp up in the 
acquisition and by when should we reach the $10 million from that particular entity is there a 
color that you could provide? 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Venkatraman N: 
It is already a $10 million entity. Like I explained and Ashok also added. We were billing about 
$2 million into that company because it is a partnership that we have been having since 2018. So 
the net revenue that would come in at the time of consolidation would be $8 million, so while it is 
$10 million in different entity when you consolidate we will get about $8 million and as far as 
growth and profitability are concerned they are in line with our company's numbers. 
Rishit Parikh: 
What is the number of employees that we will be sort of taking on board as a part of this 
acquisition? 
Venkatraman N: 
Other than us, we had another partner so that partner has now rolled into us parts of those we 
have not disclosed those numbers of employees, Rishit. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Just I think during the time of the IPO we were talking about let us investing in domain, investing 
in some of the newer capabilities from a talent right and adding some of the senior headcount and 
some of the geos that we wanted to sort of penetrate. Could you just provide a sense of where are 
we on that journey in general and how is that shaping up or is that is there a timeline that we are 
sort of looking at? I assume a good part of it will be evolving given the size of our company but 
just in case anything that you would want to share? 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes I will turn that over to Joseph and Rajiv. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
I will take the business and US thing first. So one of the areas as we have mentioned is that we 
want to really beef up our domain capabilities and verticals. So the last couple of months, we 
have started looking at vertical heads with deep domain capabilities for some of our vertical that 
did not have a head and that search is in progress. As you would understand, finding good senior 
people is not that easy, so we are the process of finding these people. At the same time, we are 
also looking at how do we back them up with the mid-level domain talent more of business 
analysts, consultants in India. On the technology side, we brought on board head for our 
automation that is in Q3 for our DPA, Digital Process Automation, CoE. We continue to invest in 
building some solution accelerators, building capabilities in some of the newer technologies 
around Blockchain around Artificial Intelligence and Analytics, Automation and so these are 
initiatives that are underway. Anything you want to add Rajiv? 
Rajiv Shah: 
Just couple of things Rishit. We had talked about earlier that we already had a retail CPG domain 
head in place, industrial manufacturing and will continue to evolve as the model becomes more 
and more mature. And adding to what Joseph said there is a significant set of support from people 
to the approach to the market, we continue to invest significantly in the newer technologies as 
well under our CTO organizations. Looking at what are the newer technologies that are coming in 
along which helps us grow over a domain based approach in the marketplace, so the CTO 
organization is looking at that as well. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Murarka from Renaissance Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Murarka: 
Good morning guys. I have one question which is given the stage of our evolution, we are about 
$100 million odd in terms of our revenue size and given the kind of opportunity landscape that 
we have and the kind of organization that we have built where we are on digital, to me this 20% 
growth guidance sounds very conservative. My concern here is given that you are a public sector 
company now, and you have to meet shareholder expectations and achieve certain margin targets, 
is that forcing you to grossly under invest into a business? 
Ashok Soota: 
We are certainly not under investing our business. Let us be clear, we are growing as fast as we 
can logically do. But you also got to understand, if the larger players are going to grow at 10% 
and we are saying we are going to grow at 20% that seems like a logical type of a number to say. 
Now we do better than that it is fantastic, though we are not even stating that as a specific 
guidance as of now. We are saying that the guidance of a long-term trajectory that we expect to 
achieve for multiple years actually as we go through. Because it will be at that level will still take 
us a fair number of years to become even what I say is decent sized, mid-sized upwards company 
and we will continue that. How things will evolve as we go through and let us also be honest 
about this. When you look at growth it is also going to depend on what acquisition targetswe 
land. We are not going to go after those targets just for the sake of growth. We have to get the 
right ones because there is nothing more critical to that in terms of decision making. You have to 
make the right choices, you have to bring in the right new capabilities and we will be looking 
more for capability development then we will be looking for signs when we do those acquisitions. 
I think these are some of the factors we have to keep in mind. 
Pankaj Murarka: 
Ashok I have seen you since Wipro days, now I just want you to step back for a moment and just 
think about it given the fact that we are at a point where digitization is only accelerating. We are 
on the cusp of it and if one thing that COVID has done, it has accelerated the whole journey 
where Fortune 500-2000 companies want to, They are grossly underinvested in terms of 
digitizing their business. So the opportunity landscape is very significant and just think about it 
just step back for a moment that what was the growth trajectory Wipro when it was similar size 
and do you think are we still doing justice to potential growth in that context? 
Ashok Soota: 
Two things one is that when Wipro was growing 60% the market was growing 50%, so that is 
how we became the number two IT company. Now the market we are is going 10% we will go 
20%, so we are double over that from that sheer angle it seems to be fair enough. Now are we 
doing is there more potential, is there something nor that we would leverage as we go through 
will we be lucky with the right acquisitions, would we certainly hope to do more, I would say 
answer to all of that is yes, but are we going to convert that into a guidance, no. We will work 
towards seeing how we can do better internally, but there seems a very logical guidance is not to 
say we will double the growth rate of industry and that we are saying we would achieve over a 
period of time not just one or two years but we hope to be able to sustain that. 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Pankaj Murarka: 
Just one more point here see the industry goal does not apply to you because the industry includes 
legacy infrastructure, legacy services which you are not into the digital piece of the industry is 
going at a much higher rate if you just look at a digital component. And being such a small player 
again industry goal does not apply to you. So my last question on this is, I am probably happy to 
check offline in more detail. If I were to invert the question and if the board were to give you a 
mandate that you have to grow at a 40% figure, what would change in the business? 
Ashok Soota: 
Yes two things. One I think you have got a valid point in your observation on the mix and we 
make it all the time ourselves but you must remember that a large amount of them have got 
already up to 50%-60% digital that is one. Two, there is an inbuilt advantage for the larger guys, 
when people are moving from legacy to digital quite often instead of taking a complete dean over 
look and saying who is first party which can give us the best on this job. You will find that they 
will obviously look towards their existing partners and say that can they do this for us. Which are 
why you see all of them have got very high retention rates in their growth from existing 
customers. So it is a challenge for us to get that part of the addressable market. It is there. I think 
we can do a better job but it is not something which is available to us like when we go to a 
customer which is really beginning their whole digital journey. So that is a very important point. 
The third point is that you know we have always said that we are comparable with the EEG guys 
and if you look at their growth rate also they are projecting 20%. They are also a little larger not 
all of them are not much larger. It is not like the large Indian IT companies. But still they are also 
projecting that 20%. Third thing is if the board give us a mandate then we frankly will tell the 
board that we want to be, see we can always plan realistically, internally or plan aggressive 
targets but we have also got to be clear the basis on which we set our plans. I will tell you when 
you set out plans which are excessively stretched, we would love to overachieve on a plan but we 
would rather not set up plans which become excessively stretched. It has all sorts of mental 
reactions within your own teams. Here we never achieved what we set out to do. So you build up 
a failure syndrome rather than a success syndrome even though you have done much better than 
the rest of the industry. The second aspect is that it does have its own impact one way or the other 
on variable pay and stuff like that. If you set a target now you have not achieved that target then 
you go to find workarounds to be able to satisfy your team. So there are many things that go into 
target for this and setting numbers fortunately our board would not ask us to do that, because they 
also realize the dynamics of all these things which I just explained to you. It is not just a number 
and it is not just say why should you not be growing faster. It is a function of what the 
organization sees is achievable and perhaps the satisfaction of an overachievement versus an 
underachievement. 
Pankaj Murarka: 
Sure thank you my compliments to you Ashok for doing a phenomenal job in the quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
 
      Happiest Minds Technologies  
February 11, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Sunil Gujjar: 
Thank you for joining us today. We thank Nomura for hosting this call on our behalf. We look 
forward to interacting with you. You can reach out to us on ir@happiestminds.com. Stay safe and 
healthy. 
Ashok Soota: 
Thank you. 
Moderator; 
Thank you. On behalf of Nomura Financial Advisory and Securities that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Please note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
