2 
ae . 
Nath Bio-Genes (I) Ltd. 
(CIN L01110MH1993PLC072842) 
17th February 2021 
The Manager-Listing 
The Manager-Listing 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Phiroze. Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400001 
Mumbai-400051 
BSE Code-537291 
NSE Code-NATHBIOGEN 
Subject- Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/Analysts on Friday 
12ts February, 2021 post declaration of its unaudited financial results for the quarter 
and nine months ended 31st December 2020. A copy of transcript of conference call held 
with 
Investors/Analysts 
is 
enclosed herewith 
and 
the 
same 
being uploaded 
on 
Company’s website. 
We request you to please take the above on record 
Thanking You 
For Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
SS > 
Devinder Khurana 
Chief Financial Officer 
= Nath House, Nath Road, Aurangabad - 431005 (MS) Tel 
: 0240-2376314/5/6/7 
Nad TH 
Email 
: info@nathseeds.com 
www.nathbiogenes.com 
= 
1, Chateau Windsor, 86 Veer Nariman Road, Mumbai - 400020 (MS) Tel 
: 022-22871001, 22875653/4/5 
(| 
@) UJ

Page 1 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
Transcript 
 
Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
: 
12th February 2021, 5:30 PM IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 
29 min 35 sec 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. I am Moumita, 
moderator for the conference call.  Welcome to Nath Bio-Genes Limited, Q3FY21 
earnings conference call.  At this moment, all participants’ lines are in the listen-only 
mode and later we will conduct a question and answer session.  At that time if you have 
a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Please note this conference 
is recorded.  I would now like to handover the floor to Ms. Sheetal Khanduja from Go 
India Advisors.  Thank you and over to you ma’am.   
 
Sheetal Khanduja: 
Thank you Moumita.  Good evening everyone and welcome 
to the Nath Bio-Genes earnings call to discuss the Q3FY21 results.  We have on the call 
with us today Mr. Devinder Khurana, CFO and Mr. V. N. Kulkarni our R&D Head for 
Field Crop.  We must remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain 
forward looking statement and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks 
that the company faces.  May I now request Mr. Khurana to take us through the 
company’s business outlook?  Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Thank you Sheetal and good evening everyone.  I am also 
welcoming Dr. V. N. Kulkarni our Head Research Field Crops to be available on this 
conference call.  Thank you all for joining us on this call.  I am sure you would have seen 
the earning presentation which we have uploaded on the bourse and our website.  I 
would now like to update you about our Q3 and 9 months’ performance and provide an 
update on our strategic priorities.  If you remember in the first quarter of this fiscal, we 
had announced a strategic shift to increase focus on our non-cotton and non-paddy 
portfolio.  After six months of that I am happy to report that our diversification strategy is 
showing results and we have seen significant volume growth in all our business 
segments including non-cotton and non paddy.  During the 9 months’ period, the 
revenue contribution from cotton plus paddy is reduced to 67% from 70% last year.  
Vegetable and Win-Chi-Win segment delivered a strong growth and grew 25% and 64% 
respectively.  Cotton growth was maintained at around 16% in line with expectations 
based on the kharif growing and the COVID.  Our field crops like bajra, maize, also 
delivered a strong growth of over 20% and they are following suit in mustard and wheat 
and rabi. 
 
We delivered an equally strong financial performance.  For the nine months period, our 
top line grew by 15% to 252 Cr.  We have been able to continue to maintain a strong 
gross margin of around 54% plus.  Our profit after tax also grew by 13% to 49 crores 
which is almost touching last year’s profit and we have a quarter to go.  We have been 
showing improvement in our working capital cycle.  We have faced certain difficulties 
because of COVID build up of inventory which could not be fully liquidated but we have 

Page 2 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
the inventory situation under control.  We have already rationalized the production for 
kharif 22 and we don’t anticipate any inventory losses as cotton has a long shelf life.  
Our balance sheet is strong and we continue to maintain our long-term zero debt status.  
We are gearing up well for the upcoming kharif season of 21-22.  The strong monsoon 
last year has also helped.  The water reservoirs are full and early forecast is predicted 
for a normal monsoon in this year also.  We have also taken special campaigns to 
educate the farmers about spurious BT and its ill effects.  Apart from that we also took a 
special campaign on all the cotton growing territories wherein we have been educating 
the farmers on how exactly to get the best out of Nath Products.   
 
Coming to financial year 21 outlook, our revenue growth would be between 18% to 20%.  
Slightly lower than expected on account of COVID lead disruptions which we still 
presume will continue for another one year.  We will maintain the strong margin of 
around 52%, 53% plus.  With this I would like to open the floor for questions please. 
 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question and answer session.  If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question.  If you would like to 
withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again.  Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 
on your touchtone telephone.  Our first question comes from Preeti Singh from Excel 
Investments.  Please go ahead. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Hi.  Thanks for the opportunity.  I have a couple of questions.  
Sir according to the presentation FY21 revenue guidance growth is 20%, so to meet that 
we will need an upward growth of around 20% in quarter four.  So I just want to know 
how are you planning on doing that? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
We have already clocked around 252 in nine months.  We 
expect to go to around 320.  So I think we should be on line. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Okay and sir I have another question about the Win-Chi-Win 
supply, are there any issues due to container shortages? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Yes and no.  We always have our Win-Chi-Win booked up in 
advance and we have an exclusive selling arrangement in India with our firm.  We 
haven’t faced any container shortage.  But yes by default one of the containers…..the 
ship itself got lost in the sea, but then that is part of the trade.  We have not yet faced 
any shortage of inward supplies from China either due to containers or due to the border 
escalation which have also been resolved. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Okay, got it.  Sir there is a long strong growth coming from 
the Win-Chi-Win segment, so where is this growth coming from and any geographical 
spread increase in this segment? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Win-Chi-Win has been our prime product for almost about 
two, three years now.  When I say prime, we are trying to give it more impetus, more 
focus.  We created, I informed in the earlier calls also.  We have created a separate 
vertical for Win-Chi-Win also apart from vegetables and field crops.  This is headed by 

Page 3 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
our GM and this vertical is concentrating on all those districts which are irrigated and 
have 12 months business.  Currently we are selling Win-Chi-Win only in 100 territories 
over India.  This year we plan to increase it to almost about 175 plus.  And the dedicated 
team which is put onto Win-Chi-Win selling only Win-Chi-Win will ensure the growth.  As 
far as the product is concerned, it’s a wonder product which gives all the necessary 
essential minerals and vitamins to the plant which are required for a better growth. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Okay, got it that’s all from my side.  I will get back in the 
queue if I have any more questions thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have any questions 
please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Sir, our next question comes from 
Tarun Somani from Rubics Investments.   
 
Tarun Somani: 
Hello?  Thanks for the opportunity sir, I have a couple of 
questions and I would like to ask them one by one.  So my first question is regarding 
Win-Chi-Win.  So sir, Win-Chi-Win and vegetables as mentioned in your presentation 
are higher margin segment and as most of the competitors are also moving to 
vegetables, are we going to see any pricing pressure in this segment or are we going to 
sustain these margins? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Can I answer this first?  So what happens is Win-Chi-Win is 
a product which gives me around 70%, I have always been maintaining that.  This is a 
product….it is not that it is a unique product, it is a product which can compete with the 
existent products and perform better and with the kind of effort that we are putting to 
promote this product, I do not think that we will have a margin pressure.  But even if the 
margin pressure happens, we have respectably good margin within the margin also, so I 
don’t see any problem there.  So all the margin pressures will be offset by the volumetric 
growth. 
 
Tarun Somani: 
Okay sir and my second question is like, you had announced 
new product pipeline in paddy.  Can you tell us the status on that? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
We also have with us Dr. Venkatesh Kulkarni and he is our 
Research Head…so doctor sahib, would you like to please take on?  Last time also you 
had put them on some dhadak and all those things? 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
Thanks for this question.  We have a strong pipeline for 
paddy product.  These products are evaluated based on thousands of demonstrations.  
Nath has believed in product demonstration as one of the key areas in product 
development as one of the key functions.  Based on this we selected this hybrid.  The 
response of two, three hybrids was very, very extraordinary.  So immediately to fastrack 
that the seed production has been taken up to promote that on a very different level.  So 
in the next coming year, all these three will be in volume building side. 
 
Tarun Somani: 
Okay.  Sir, my next question is, are there any updates on 
Philippines? 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
The Philippines government, the agricultural secretary has 
asked us to combine the visit there to finalize the whole of the system because it is a 
CMO.  There is an agriculture ministry who has changed, who was actually Director 

Page 4 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
General here at ICRISAT.  He has become the agriculture minister.  We have put up our 
proposal and there is a proposal from them to come and discuss it and re-present our 
case there.  We are just waiting for it.  We are just waiting for it.  We are now feeling that 
because of the COVID we were stuck, we could not move last year.  We are now moving 
out from the next month onwards. 
 
Tarun Somani: 
Okay sir and my last question for now is like, what do you 
expect, like how will the coming kharif season go for us? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
We are hoping that the COVID which in India, technically has 
come down under control.  The farming community goes out and it goes through the 
fields and does as much education as possible.  We have sufficient production lined up 
based on the returns of last year as well as production of this year.  So we are fully 
geared up for kharif for this coming year.  I hope that the farming community is able to 
handle that. 
 
Tarun Somani: 
Okay sir, that was my last question.  I will join the queue for 
further questions, thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have any questions 
please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Sir, our next question comes from 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala an individual investor, please go ahead sir. 
 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you.  Sir I have two questions, if we compare the past 
performance, if we go back a couple of quarters two, three years we see a sharp 
difference in our ROI or profit margins on the equity side of the portfolio.  What is the 
reason?  The business is also doing good and we are seeing good results quarter after 
quarter but the scrip price, the stock price is fluctuating and it is not able to hold, so it is a 
concern that we have for many independent investors.  We are from an investment 
community as a retail investor; I would like to know what’s going on? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Mr. Gaurav if you are concerned about the stock prices not 
being commensurate to the intrinsic value of the share and if you are concerned, let me 
very clear, so are we.  But my problem is we do not control the market and I cannot… 
 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala: 
No it is not about the market.  It is about….I am sorry to 
interrupt…I was just trying to draw a logical reason when we compare it to our 
competitors, we fall back.  We are performing well but still….the numbers are there but 
still why is it not showing up where it should show up? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
I agree, so let us jointly find a solution to this.  What happens 
is the company is performing well, everybody says so, I am grateful, thank you very 
much.  The net profit margin is increasing, the net profit is increasing, the share equity 
remains the same.  So as a result my EPS is going up gradually and the intrinsic value 
of the share based on the same PE ratio is also going up gradually.  Yet, we find that the 
share is not maintaining the kind of parities and the intrinsic value which comes through 
the books.  Now, one reason could be that the floating stocks in this share is quite low.  I 
am only visualizing.  Second is maybe in spite of all this the perception is not yet getting 
through because every quarter we are trying to tell the investors at large what we are 
doing, our transparency is very clear.  Everything is above board and we keep telling this 
is what we are doing and it is getting appreciated quarter after quarter.  In spite of that I 

Page 5 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
fully appreciate that the share is still floating around 280, 290, 260, 270 something like 
that.  So I think with more of….I will leave it to my IR people to continue to work on this.  
We have Go India supporting us on this effort and they should be able to guide all of us 
so that we can actually show what we are properly. 
 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay so we have a positive outlook for the coming quarter? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Oh yes sir.  If you go through quarter by quarter, half-year by 
half-year, year by year for the last five years, you will find that the company is always 
doing better than earlier. 
 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala: 
Correct, if we compare it to the last two years’ quarters, it’s 
been good.  But if we compare it to further back then it has been really bad. 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
I appreciate.  What happens is that everybody has a nascent 
stage, adolescent stage in which the things are getting lined up.  We have risen like a 
phoenix, we have also come from ashes, we have put a lot of effort.  Even this year with 
the COVID being in line and performing community not coming out, marketing people 
not coming out of their houses to go and try and sell the product.  Otherwise what would 
have happened, if I could not have had five lakhs cotton packets coming back, imagine I 
would be plus 40 crores again here also.  But don’t worry, my outlook of the company, 
based on the products and the results and the market and the effort being taken by the 
management is definitely very, very positive. 
 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, that’s all from my side so that answers my questions. 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Welcome. 
 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you so much for your time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have any questions 
please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Sir, our next question comes from 
Alaya Patel from Value Investments, please go ahead. 
 
Alaya Patel: 
Hello?  Thank you for this opportunity.  Sir we are doing 
better than our competitor in terms of market share in cotton, our competitor is losing 
and we are growing.  How long can we continue to gain this market share and what 
would be the growth prospects next year for cotton? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Two things Alay ji.  Firstly, the entire analysts community is 
enamored by cotton.  This is just a statement; please take it with a pinch of salt.  As far 
as cotton is concerned, initially in the first quarter I said that we will continue to maintain 
cotton but we also want to strategically shift to non-cotton area.  This year if you go 
through my system, you will find that cotton has performed only 16% to 18% whereas 
other segments have grown by 25%, 40% and 45% and 50%.  But our products are 
good and well accepted in the market, we’ve been able to take care of pink ball worm to 
a certain extent.  Our research under Dr. Raina, Dr. Kulkarni, Dr. Ish Kumar, Dr. Pathak;  
four great stalwarts is being handled towards giving us a futuristic growth, we will as a 
company continue to give nightmares to our competitors, that’s my statement. 
 

Page 6 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
Alaya Patel: 
Okay sir.  Could you shed some light on the opportunity in 
maize and our strategy towards maize? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Doctor would you please like to answer this? 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
Yes.  Maize is one of the biggest seed market in India as far 
as volume wise is considered.  There are only multinationals which are present in a 
major way.  We are now coming up with two products to enter into it to expand our 
volumes.  Both of them have been tried on a very vast demonstrations across India.  We 
were lacking one single cross hybrid for southern and central India, we have identified it 
and currently seed production of that hybrid is going on.  We are hopeful because we 
are focusing on it and we are using new technologies to beat our competitors to come 
out with new hybrids.  At present we are having….we have identified two hybrids, one at 
medium maturity one at single cost full maturity hybrids.  Both are under large scale 
seed productions and we are hopeful of increasing the volume of them.  These are 
selected based on the large scale demonstrations. 
 
Alaya Patel: 
Okay.  Sir could you please tell us where we are currently in 
terms of exports?  In the last conference call you had mentioned higher visibility in 
Sudan.  How is that going for us? 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
In Sudan registration of our cotton hybrids BT cotton hybrids 
is expected to be done by this March end.  We are trying to fast track it.  The visits of the 
committee members to the plots are over.  That will open up a very good market for 
cotton in Sudan.  The other crop registration as per the time they are going 
on….because we cannot pressurize on all the aspects because we are focusing on 
cotton.  We are trying to put people and make that happen as early as possible to catch 
up this season only.  The rest of the countries either Egypt or Bangladesh are normally 
managed by us, wherein we are going to have a volume increase and we will achieve 
much more revenue from that.  Fortunately our tomato hybrids are also doing well 
across the regions and we are likely to take that as a very higher growth. 
 
Alaya Patel: 
Okay, thank you so that’s it from my side for now.  If I have 
any more questions, I will get back in the question queue. 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
Thank you ma’am. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen if you have any questions please 
press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Sir, our next question comes from Preeti Singh 
from Excel Investment, please go ahead. 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Thank you for taking my question again.  I have a few more 
questions.  My first question is about the impact of the illegal cotton seeds.  What is the 
government doing for this? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Doctor sahib please? 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
Ma’am illegal cotton has grown in some of the places, 
however this time the yield of illegal cotton has come down or drastically reduced 
because of the heavy rains.  So the traction towards illegal cotton, we feel that it is going 
to be reduced when we are speaking to the dealers and distributors and they are also 

Page 7 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
giving us similar vibe.  On the government front they have not legalized it, however 
because of some spurious seed producers that is being cultivated.  A lot of education is 
being done to the cotton growers on illegal cotton.  Probably the volumes of illegal cotton 
may get reduced in the next year very drastically because of two reasons, one is 
education and another is drastic reduction in the yield of such cotton which has 
succumbed to second pest in those growing areas. 
 
 
Alaya Patel: 
Okay thank you.  What are the opportunities in rice given 
there is rising exports from India? 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
In fact we are coming out with very good hybrids in all the 
segments like bold, long bold, fine and long slender kind of categories.  At present we 
are releasing next year bold and long bold segment and our prospects are very good.  I 
am very happy to tell that we have even appointed a crop manager for rice so that we 
will play a value creation role by taking the third eye feedback from the customers as 
well as dealers and distributors.  With the hitherto conducted demonstrations or studies 
that we have.  So he is the one person who is going to bring all the data on the table and 
try to make it.  By just appointing this particular position itself indicates that we are 
hoping very big in rice.  So rice is going to be one of them.  In the next year we are likely 
to enter into a marquee category of rice, next year we are going to have a big 
demonstration of that and we are hopeful to get successful hybrids in the market 
category of diseases and stains also. 
 
Alaya Patel: 
Okay I got it.  My last question is are there any impacts of 
pharma products on our operations currently? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Pharma products?  Farmer protest? 
 
 
Alaya Patel: 
Yes, is there any impact of farmer protest on our… 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
No, no. 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
I would like to just tell that whatever land is there they have 
to plant it; to plant it there should be seeds for that and there should not be any impact 
on these kind of protests. 
 
Alaya Patel: 
Okay.  Got it, thank you.  That’s all from my side. 
 
Dr. V. Kulkarni: 
Thank you ma’am. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen if you have any questions please 
press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Sir, our next question comes from Mr. Arun 
Suthar an individual investor, please go ahead sir. 
 
Arun Sutharr: 
Hello sir, I wanted to ask regarding, we have shown some 
growth of around 15% to 16% in cotton and around 25% in other crops and Win-Chi-Win 
around 60% to 70% for the nine months of this year.  So going forward what’s your 
guidance for cotton and other crops? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Cotton does not sell in the last quarter. 
 

Page 8 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
Arun Sutharr: 
Sir I am asking about FY22, next year. 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Next year we plan to maintain around 20% plus, don’t worry 
overall. 
 
Arun Sutharr: 
Other crops, vegetable, paddy and other crops? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
All put together 20%.  When I give you guidance for next 
year, it is the guidance for the year as such.  Then we take it quarter by quarter. 
 
Arun Sutharr: 
Then how has been the pricing for this year for crops, I mean 
cotton individually? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Cotton price is fixed by the government there have been no 
changes, royalty has been marked off and as far as the other prices are concerned, they 
are market dominated or market controlled. 
 
Arun Sutharr: 
Do we expect any  price reduction on cotton or expect the 
same? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
I don’t think government is going to reduce it further, no. 
 
Arun Sutharr: 
And our sales return would be around 20%? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Last year cotton was 11% and this year it went up to almost 
25%, 26%.  So we are hoping around 15% 
 
Arun Sutharr: 
Any comment on the working capital cycle? 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Working capital cycle last year half year results when I gave 
my asset base and all it was definitely better.  By year end it will be better than last year.  
It is under control and improving by the day.  A lot of effort is being put into the working 
capital cycle. 
 
Arun Sutharr: 
Okay, thanks a lot sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  That would be the last question.  Now I hand 
over the floor to Mr. Devinder Khurana for closing comments. 
 
Devinder Khurana: 
Thank you very much, thanks all of you.  Thanks for being 
with us and as always appreciate the compliment that come that we are doing well.  We 
are trying to put in a lot of effort in trying to achieve what we want to achieve because 
basically whatever we do is for us as investors, as a company as well as for the farming 
community.  We are getting the best of all.  Hopefully by the end of the year we would 
have met our guideline around that area and we will see you soon by the end of next 
quarter.  Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen with this we conclude 
our conference call for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using Door 
Sabha’s conference call service.  You may all disconnect your lines now.  Thank you 
and have a good evening everyone. 

Page 9 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
 
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
