
TRANSCRIPT OF EXTRA ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF MEMBERS OF PAR 
DRUGS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED HELD ON THURSDAY, 15TH DAY OF APRIL, 2021 
AT 4:00 P.M. (IST) THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING (“VC”) / OTHER AUDIO 
VISUAL MEANS (“OAVM”) 
 
Welcome Address – Sanket Trivedi, Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
Dear Shareholders,  
Very Warm Welcome in the Extra ordinary General Meeting of Par Drugs And Chemicals 
Limited, which is being held through Video Conferencing mode pursuant to the circulars  
issued  by MCA and SEBI due to massive outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and social 
distancing norms to be followed for the same. I would like to dictate certain points 
regarding participation at this meeting. 
All members who have joined this meeting are by default placed on mute mode by the 
host to avoid any disturbance arise from background noise and ensure smooth and 
seamless conduct of the meeting.  
Once the question answer session starts, Chairman shall announce the name of 
attendee shareholder who have registered as an attendee and allow to ask the question 
one by one.   
The attendee shareholder will be unmuted by the host to start speaking. Attendee 
shareholders are requested enable video mode. If attendee is not able to join though 
video mode for any reason, they can speak through audio mode.  
It is recommended to use earphones, to minimize any noise in the background, to 
ensure the wifi is not connected with any other devices, no other background 
application running and there is proper lighting to have good video and audio 
experience.  
If there is connectivity problem for attendee shareholders, we would ask the next 
attendee shareholder to join and once the connectivity improves the attendee 
shareholder will be allowed to speak. 
We would like to request attendee shareholders to kindly limit their speech to 3 
minutes.   
Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better 
experience. 
Further shareholders are requested to use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting. 

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through 
Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to 
fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi 
or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
In case you have any queries, shareholder may call at given no. or as mentioned in the 
notice of EGM or Advertisement.    
Proceeding of the meeting is solely for reporting and information relating purpose and 
do not constitute any offer, recommendation or invitation to purchase or subscribe for 
any securities, and shall not form the basis or be relied on in connection with any 
contract or binding commitment whatsoever.  
During the proceeding, if contains any statements of future expectations and other 
forward-looking statements, including those relating to our general business plans and 
strategy, our future financial condition and growth prospects, and future developments 
in our industry and our competitive and regulatory environment, the Company’s actual 
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements could differ materially and 
adversely from results expressed in or implied. The Company assumes no obligation to 
update any forward-looking information contained during the meeting.  
Any forward-looking statements and projections made by third parties on the basis of 
EGM proceedings are not adopted by the Company and the Company is not responsible 
for such third-party statements and projections. Proceeding is not being used in 
connection with any invitation of an offer or an offer of securities and should not be 
used as a basis for any investment decision. 
Thank You and I would like to request our Chairman and Managing Director to have 
words with our shareholders   
 
Falgun V. Savani: 
Good After noon Dear Shareholders, 
 
Welcome to the Extra Ordinary General Meeting the members of Par Drugs And 
Chemicals Limited. Before we start the main proceedings of the meeting, I would like to 
inform that, with me here on stage are - 
 
Mr. Pravin M. Bhayani, Independent Director. He is Chairman of Audit Committee, 
Nomination and Remuneration committee, Stakeholder Relationship Committee, and 
CSR Committee of Company. 
 

Mr. Jigesh V. Savani, Executive Director & Chief Executive officer. He is member of 
stakeholder relationship committee 
 
Mr. Ghanshyam V. Savani, Whole time Director 
 
And  
 
Mr. Sanket Trivedi, Company Secretary and Compliance officer of the Company. 
 
I now call all other directors who have joined through video conference to introduce 
themselves. 
 
Falgun V. Savani 
Mrs. Krishna M. Shah 
 
Mrs. Krishna M. Shah: I am Krishna M. Shah, Independent Director of the Company and 
I am also member of Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration committee, 
Stakeholder Relationship Committee, and CSR Committee. I am attending EGM from my 
home at Bhavnagar. Thank you. 
 
Falgun V. Savani 
Mrs. Bintal B. Shah 
 
Mrs. Bintal B. Shah: I am Bintal B. Shah, Additional Independent Director of the 
Company. I am attending EGM from my home at Bhavnagar. Thank you. 
 
Falgun V. Savani 
Mrs. Shilpa F. Savani 
 
Mrs. Shilpa F. Savani: I am Shilpa F. Savani, Non- Executive Director of the Company. I 
am attending EGM from my home at Vadodara. Thank you. 
 
Falgun V. Savani 
Mrs. Nayna J. Savani 
 
Mrs. Nayna J. Savani: I am Nayna J. Savani, Non- Executive Director of the Company and 
member of Nomination &Remuneration committee and CSR Committee. I am attending 
EGM from my home at Bhavnagar. Thank you. 
 
 

Falgun V. Savani 
Mr. Chintan P. Chauhan 
 
Mr. Chintan P. Chauhan: I am Chintan P. Chauhan, Chief Financial Officer of Company. I 
am attending EGM from my office. Thank you. 
 
Falgun V. Savani: Apart from these Directors & KMPs, Statutory Auditors - Vipul 
Dhamsania; Internal Auditors - Dipika J. Siddhpura and Secretarial Auditors - Dip G. Patel 
have also joined this meeting. 
 
As the requisite quorum being present, I call meeting to order. 
 
As all the directors of the Company are present, there is no requirement to grant any 
leave of absence. 
 
I thank all the shareholders, auditors and Directors for joining this meeting. 
 
The company has taken requisite steps to enable members to participate in EGM 
through video conference means and vote on all the resolutions mentioned in EGM 
Notice through remote e-voting facility prior to EGM and e-voting facility during the 
EGM. 
 
Since the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not 
applicable for this EGM pursuant to MCA Circulars; proxy register need not to be 
maintained for this EGM. 
 
The company has not received any request from corporate for appointing 
representative under section 113 of Companies Act, 2013. 
 
The registers as required under Companies Act, 2013 are open for inspection which are 
available at website of our Company. 
 
It is my privilege today, to make few remarks in this EGM. 
 
Your Company is engaged in the development and manufacture of Active Pharma 
Ingredients (“APIs”) and Fine Chemicals for the domestic market as well as for exports to 
international markets. APIs, also known as “bulk drugs” or “bulk actives” are the 
principal ingredient used in making finished dosages in the form of capsules, tablets, 
liquid, or other forms of dosage, with the addition of other APIs or inactive ingredients. 
We currently produce various range of Antacid Molecules which are available in the 
market and are in great demand. Moreover, we expect the API business to grow at a 

good pace. For our Fine Chemicals Segment we are also increasing the share of the same 
in revenue and turnover. 
 
The major requirements of APIs in India are met by imports from other countries such as 
China, Italy, Germany, France, Malaysia, etc. This situation can be converted into an 
area of opportunity if the government provides adequate infrastructure facilities, 
subsidies and loans at low interest rates because then the captive market of APIs can be 
better developed to meet the requirements of the domestic manufacturers. Expanding 
of geographical markets and high growth of end user industries in respect of current 
situation of Covid-19 and regulatory easement of India can be helpful to reach next step 
towards the growth of the Company.  
 
The good news is that the entire product range in our product portfolio, were the 
products which required the raw materials which are 100% indigenous and we are not 
relying on any Import Raw Materials.   
 
Par Drugs is poised for taking a leap forward and witnessing next level growth, 
continuing its phenomenal journey towards excellence in API and Fine Chemical 
Products delivery to the well-known organization. Throughout our journey, we have 
been exceeding expectations of our buyer through consistency and quality of services. 
As we continue to grow, it is our strategy to strengthen our organization presence in 
India and abroad, our aim to continue expanding our presence in newer geographies as 
well to develop new products as part of our growth strategies. 
 
The performance of company for last escalate year ended March, 2020 that we could 
withstand the sharp increasing it with growth in terms of revenue and turnover. Our 
strategy to de-risk the business through providing qualitative products proved to be very 
useful. 
 
Now, I would like to request Mr. Pravin Bhayani, Independent director to have some 
word with our shareholders. 
 
Mr. Pravin M. Bhayani: 
  
We have put forth our efforts to increase the turnover and revenue and also made 
efforts to the best management of our funds in term of working capital, long term 
capital and capital employed to increase the profitability of the company. Our 
management efforts are at the best level. 
 
 

Falgun V. Savani: 
 
Thank you very much Mr. Pravin Bhayani. 
 
I would like to request Mr. Sanket Trivedi, Company secretary and Compliance Officer to 
give instructions on e-voting. 
 
Sanket Trivedi: 
Thank you Chairman Sir and Good Afternoon Dear Share Holders.  
 
Members may note that this Extra-ordinary General Meeting is being held through video 
conference in accordance with the Companies Act 2013 and circulars issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI. Facility for joining this meeting through video 
conference or other audio-visual means is made available to the members. 
 
The company has also provided the facility to the shareholders to cast their vote 
electronically through remote e-voting and e-voting during this EGM and has made 
necessary arrangements with CDSL for the same. 
Only those shareholders, who are present in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility and 
have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are 
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system 
available during the Meeting.  
If any Votes casted by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the 
meeting and if the same shareholders have not participated in the meeting through 
VC/OAVM facility, then the votes casted by such shareholders shall be considered 
invalid as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders 
attending the meeting. 
Members who have not exercised their vote through remote e-voting facility, may do so 
at this meeting and there will be no voting by show of hands. 
Members who have already casted their votes electronically through remote e-voting 
facility, should not vote again at this meeting. In case members have casted their votes 
through both remote e-voting and e-voting during EGM, then remote e-voting shall 
prevail and votes casted during EGM shall be invalid. 
The board has appointed Mr. Dip Patel of DG Patel & Associate, Practicing Company 
Secretaries as a scrutinizer to scrutinize the electronic voting process. 
Thank You very much Chairman Sir.  

Falgun V Savani: 
With permission of shareholders, I take the Notice convening this EGM alongwith 
explanatory statement and all other matters as read. 
 
Now, I would like to request Mr. Sanket Trivedi, Company secretary and Compliance 
Officer to put the resolution before the shareholders. 
 
Sanket Trivedi: 
Now I take up the resolutions as mentioned in the EGM notice and put them to vote. 
Presentation of all resolutions. 
 
Sanket Trivedi: 
The explanatory notes to the Notice of EGM may be referred to for the clarification on 
respective resolutions. Requirement for proposing and seconding resolution is not 
mandatory as per secretarial standards. The Company has voluntary provided for the 
same. 
 
Item No.1: Ordinary Resolution  
INCREASE AUTHORIZED SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY TO ENABLE ISSUE OF BONUS 
SHARES 
The text of the resolutions along with explanatory statement is provided in the Notice 
circulated to the members.  
I request one of the member to proposed and seconded.  
Falgun V Savani: I proposed the first resolution 
Jignesh V Savani: I seconded the first resolution 
Item No.2: Ordinary Resolution  
TO ALTER CLAUSE V OF MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION TO REFLECT THE INCREASE IN 
THE AUTHORIZED SHARE CAPITAL PROPOSED UNDER ITEM NO. 1 
The text of the resolutions along with explanatory statement is provided in the Notice 
circulated to the members.  
I request the members to proposed and seconded  
Ghanshyam B. Savani:  proposed the Second resolutions  
Jignesh V Savani: I seconded the second resolutions  
Item No.3: Ordinary Resolution  

TO APPROVE ISSUE OF BONUS EQUITY SHARES  
The text of the resolutions along with explanatory statement is provided in the Notice 
circulated to the members.  
Falgun V Savani: I proposed the Third resolution 
Jignesh V Savani: I seconded the Third resolution 
Members who have not voted through remote e-voting may vote during this meeting. 
Now I request Chairman to take question answer session  
Falgun V. Savani: 
Sanket, any attendee request for questions received or not? 
Sanket Trivedi: 
Company has not received any requests from the shareholders.   
If any shareholder has any questions, regarding the agenda can raise their hand in 
webex meet. We are waiting for two minutes. Thank you shareholders we have not 
received any queries and any raised hand. Chairman sir, please give vote of thanks, over 
to chairman sir.    
Falgun V. Savani: 
Thank you Sanket, as we have not received any queries, you can contact us or write us 
for any queries. Now, I authorized Mr. Sanket Trivedi, Company Secretary and 
Compliance officer to carry on e-voting process which will be open for another 15 
Minutes and receive the scrutinizer’s report and declare the results of the voting on the 
resolutions put forth in the notice conveying this EGM. The consolidated voting results 
will be disseminated to the stock exchange and subsequently made available on the 
website of CDSL within 48 hours. 
With those words, I want to thank you once again and conclude the meeting.  Thank you 
all.  
************************************************************************ 
