  
 
5paisa Capital Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: L67190MH2007PLC289249 
Corporate Office / Regd. Office: 5paisa Capital Limited, Sun Infotech Park, Road No. 16V, 
Plot No. B-23, Wagle Estate, Thane Industrial Area, Thane – 400604. Tel:+91 22 41035000                 
E-mail: csteam@5paisa.com • Website: www.5paisa.com 
 April 28, 2021 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: - Earnings Conference Call  
 
Please find attached herewith transcript of the earnings call held on Thursday, April 22, 2021. The 
same is made available on the website of the Company i.e. www.5paisa.com.   
 
Kindly take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Email ID: csteam@5paisa.com 
 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Tel No.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/22723121/22722037/  
BSE Scrip Code: 540776 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5 Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400 051 
Tel No.: 2659 8235 Fax No.: 26598237 
NSE Symbol: 5PAISA 

Page 1 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
Transcript 
 
Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
: 
22nd April 2021, 02:00 PM IST 
 
Event Duration 
 
: 
50 min 27 secs 
 
Presentation Session 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the 5paisa 
Capital Limited Q4 FY21 earnings conference call.  As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes.  Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchstone phone.  
Please note that this call is being recorded.  I now hand the conference over to the 
management.  Thank you and over to you.    
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Very good afternoon everyone.  This is Prakarsh Gagdani.  I 
am the CEO of 5paisa Capital Limited.  On behalf of myself and my colleague Gourav 
Munjal, I welcome all of you for this conference call.  I hope and wish that everyone in 
your family is safe and healthy in these difficult times.  I am delighted to report that in our 
fifth year of operations, we have reported a full year of profit.  This year we ended with a 
profit after tax of 14.67 crores, as against the loss of 8.05 crores, the previous year.  This 
was on the back of a strong revenue growth of 80%, from 108 crores to 194.57 crores.  
Our consistent efforts on reducing cost of acquisition, improving our efficiency and 
providing a seamless trading experience to our customers helped us achieve this feat.   
 
In FY20, we increased our client base to 1.3 million from just 5.4 lakhs, a growth of 
150%, with just 36% increase in our marketing and advertising expenses.  We thereby 
reduced our customer acquisition cost from 1483 as on March 2020 to 897 as on March 
2021.  We are entering this new financial year with a great optimism.  With the proposed 
conclusion of 250 crores capital infusion, our strategy of transitioning ourselves from a 
mere discount broking company to a digital financial platform will get a big impetus.   
 
Our next phase of growth will be on the back of strong focus on product investment and 
customer facing technology, cross sales of multiple products and new customer 
acquisition and all of this leading to a profitable growth.   
 
I now would like to take any questions that you have regarding our financial performance 
and overall business.  Thank you very much. 
 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir.  We will now begin the question 
and answer session.  Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may press * and 1 on their 
touchstone telephone.  If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may 
press * and 1.  Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question.   
 

Page 2 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad.   
 
The first question comes from Ms. Sureksha Jain from ANS Wealth.  Please go ahead.   
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Hi sir.  Thank you for giving this opportunity.  I have couple 
of questions.  Actually, I just recently started tracking the company, so few questions 
may be really naïve, but it would be really helpful if you can just help me understand 
these queries.   
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Absolutely.   
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Thank you sir. The first question is cash and bank balances, 
can you give a split of how much is our own money and how much is the client’s money 
in it, sir? 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
So, in the cash and cash equivalent, it is all money is related 
to client.  So, we have cash and cash equivalent of 16 crores and bank balance is 507 
crores.  This money is pertaining to own money as well as client money.  The substantial 
part of this is the client money. 
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Okay.  And sir, do we earn interest on the client money, are 
we eligible to earn interest on it? 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
Yes, we do earn.  We do have to pay some charges related 
to that, as per new rules SEBI has changed many norms.  So, we have to pay charges 
for that also.   
 
Sureksha Jain: 
So, would you be able to share what is the interest and then 
what is the charges that we typically have to bear? 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
So, approximately now the interest rates have been reduced; 
so, we are typically getting approximately 3% to 3.5% as interest and we have to bear 
charges of approximately 1.5%. 
 
Sureksha Jain: 
1.5%, okay perfect.  Thank you, sir.  Sir, my other question 
is, if I look at the loan receivables, the receivables we had separately given loan and we 
have given financial assets.  So, could you be able to give me the break up of what 
accounts for receivables in terms of loans and receivables in terms of financial assets 
sir? 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
We have put in client loans and client funding book.  So, our 
balance sheet as on 31st March 2021, our client funding book is 180 crores 
approximately. And other financial asset, major portion is the deposit with exchange.  
We have to give margins and deposit to the exchange.  So, that has been covered in 
other financial assets.   
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Okay.  Sir, as well as margin funding that we have 180 
crores, what typically is the interest that we charge to client for margin funding sir? 
 

Page 3 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
So, we charge 0.06% per day as the interest.  Annually it 
comes to around 21.9, but typically customer use it for a very short period of time; that is 
the reason it is 0.06% per day. 
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Right.  Sir, basically margin funding works as what, it is kind 
of a working capital limit, how much ever you draw, so per day basis we charge the 
interest similar to that, right sir, if my understanding is correct sir? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
There are margin funding rules which are laid down by 
exchange in terms of what kind of exposure can be given to customers and on what 
category of scripts.  We follow that.  Yes, customers have an option of carry forwarding 
till the time they are in the confined limits of the regulation they can carry forward and for 
the amount of time that they will carry forward and also the amount of debit they will 
carry forward, they are charged interest on a per day basis.   
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Okay.  Sir, just a last question and I will join back in the 
queue.  So, can I ask you one more question sir before I join the queue? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yeah, sure. 
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Okay.  Sir, in FY21, how much have we spent on technology 
sir, entire tech expenditure if you can let me know what is it for FY20? 
 
Gourav Munjal:: 
So, for the entire year technology, if I only talk in terms of 
non-HR technology expenses is out of the total other expenses 67 crores, approximately 
25 crores is our technology expenses for the year.   
 
Sureksha Jain: 
And that would be non-HR, 25 crores? 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
Obviously.  Obviously yeah.  
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Okay.  And what was this number in FY20 sir? 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
This was somewhere in the range of 15 crores to 16 crores. 
 
Sureksha Jain: 
Okay.  Thank you sir.  I will just join back the queue sir.  
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you ma’am.  Next question comes from Mr. Aditya 
Shah from Artic Lights Capital.  Please go ahead.   
 
Aditya Shah: 
Hi.  Am I audible? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yeah, hi.  You are audible.   
 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay.  I have a couple of questions.  So, we have, according 
to the NSE data that I was looking at, in the previous quarter we added 96,000 active 
clients and in this quarter we have added 76,000 active clients, according to the NSE 
data.  (a) What was the reason for this slowdown in acquisition? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question?  What is the reason for? 

Page 4 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
 
Aditya Shah: 
According to the NSE data, we have added 96,000 active 
clients on the NSE website and 76,000 in the current quarter compared to the previous 
quarter, which was higher.  So, what is the reason for this? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
So, if you see our absolute number of acquisitions, we have 
grown from 1.9 lakhs customers acquired last quarter to 2.06 lakhs customer acquired in 
this quarter.  But, exchange if you see, the updated data for the for one year traded 
customer, so it also factors in some customers who have stopped traded, which we have 
acquired in 2019 and early part of 2020.  If you see, March was the month last quarter 
when there was a sudden spurt in customer acquisition because of pandemic.  Some 
inactivity is around that.  But, predominantly NSE gives last twelve months active data.  
So, though these two numbers are not exactly comparable, because that is for only last 
twelve months traded and what we give in terms of number is total new customers 
activated this quarter.   
 
Aditya Shah: 
Sorry, I think there is a miscommunication, because what I 
am asking is the 96,000 is this quarter.  I have added up each month.  I have been 
tracking each month on the NSE website, that is why I asked.  So, that was my question.  
My second question is related to, you have shown a profit of around 5 crores this quarter 
PAT.  And we have reduced our other expenses and employee cost, which adds up to 
around 3½ crores, correct?  So, can you tell me what this exact reduction in expenses 
is? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Employee cost is predominant reduction in the sales side of 
it.  We have been working on improving the efficiency of our sales team, which is directly 
related to the new customer acquisition.  We have improved there and that is the reason 
there is a cost of reduction.  What has improved is the efficiency.  Because, if you see 
the customer, the total number of customers acquired have gone up, but the overall 
number of people servicing that has gone a bit down.  So, that is purely the part of our 
efficiency improvement and nothing else.   
 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay.  And our other expenses have reduced by 2.1 crores 
this quarter.  So, that would be what exactly? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
So, there is a small item.  There is no one significant head 
where the expenses have gone down.  There are some expenses which are related.  
What happens is, there are some expenses which are related to acquisition, some 
expenses related to our normal working capital requirements and other office expenses.  
There is no one head which I can attribute the 12% drop to.   
 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay, my question for this was because our profit is around 
5 crores and our expenses in total have reduced by 3.5 crores.  So, I was thinking the 
major part of our profits probably comes from this expense reduction.  Just one last 
question regarding the fund raised. Are we planning to become more aggressive with 
our advertising and all? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
We are very clear, as a part of our entire strategy that we will 
be acquiring customers, more organically, referral and obviously through building our 
brand.  So yes, there will be branding expenses.  It will be very difficult for me to say 
right now that how aggressive we will be.  If you are asking in a comparison to how 

Page 5 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
competition does, so I think it will be difficult.  Yes, the fund raise that we are doing is 
basically to grow our business.  We would be investing that money for acquiring 
customer, but a good section, a good part of the investment will also go into building 
product and also investing into technology; so, branding will be there. 
 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay.  I will join in the queue again. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  Participants are kindly 
requested to restrict with two questions in the initial round and may join the queue for 
further questions.   
 
Next question comes from Mr. Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital.  Please go ahead.   
 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Hello.  Sir, very good afternoon.  Just have two questions 
from my side.  We have gross sales income of 23 crores in FY21.  So, when do you 
expect to earn around 100 crores from this gross sales income?  And will you be able to 
achieve within this year?  And the second question is can you provide me the break up 
of this 16 crores other expenses of this quarter? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yeah.  So, first question is really very difficult to answer that 
when we will reach 100 crores.  But, as a part of our strategy, we are very clear that we 
will be focusing on cross sales as a major source of income.  And that is the reason if 
you see that overall in last year, the multiple products that we have added right from 
peer to peer lending to international stocks, gold, we have few more products lined up, 
including insurance and other investment products.  The idea is to make our platform 
and our company as a multi-product and a digital financial platform.  How much of that 
translates into revenue and reach that milestone of 100 crores as you are asking is 
difficult to actually pinpoint the date and time.  But, the focus is to increase the revenue 
share from cross sale in our overall income, which will be more sustainable and a 
recurring income.   
 
Gourav Munjal: 
And your second question was regarding the break up of, I 
guess you asked for this quarter.  So, as sir told that major of the cost goes to the 
professional charges which is related to the acquisition and the second most cost is 
related to the software and technology cost.  
 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Okay.  These two are the major ones you are saying? 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Thank you.   
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Deepak 
Poddar from Sapphire Capital.  Please go ahead.   
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity.  Sir, as I can see in 
the last two-three quarters if you see, our client addition has been quite good and 
growing at about 18% to 20% CAGR.  That is not kind of translating into the revenue 
growth.  Revenue has been quite flattish if you see the last two-three quarters.  So, how 

Page 6 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
do you see that going forward? And why basically client addition is not getting translated 
into the sequential revenue growth? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
If you see our broking income, if I talk about the income 
increase as corresponding to the customer acquisition, the brokerage income has been 
growing for all the quarter.  Even this quarter, the brokerage income went up by 18% as 
compared to the previous quarter but overall income has been stable.  There are couple 
of reasons which are not attributed to the customer acquisition.  The first is that last 
quarter, the allied broking income which is predominantly margin funding revenue, so 
margin funding revenues took a hit, because our funding book went down.  It was related 
to two reasons.  One was, it was related to reason where there were regulatory changes 
both in September as well as in December which had an impact on the overall, the way 
margin funding was conducted.  That was the reason last quarter our income from 
margin funding went down and because of that it had an impact on the overall revenues.  
If you see this quarter, again there has been a drop in our allied broking income, but this 
is predominantly for two reasons.  One is that, this was basically in the interest of 
customer that we changed DP AMC income.  So, DP AMC we were charging Rs.45 for 
every traded customer, which we reduced it to zero for all customers up to 2 lakhs 
holding value.  And above 2 lakhs, we only made it Rs.25.  So, this had an impact.  
Though it was an impact on the revenue, but in the customer interest and in the longer 
run I am sure it will help us.  The second was for a brief period of that last quarter we 
were charging account opening fees, but basis the customer feedback we removed that, 
so that also had an impact.  These are one off activities, because of which there was an 
impact on the allied broking revenue and hence the overall revenue looks to be stable, 
around the same way and there is no much growth on the face of it if you look.  If you 
see our broking revenues, there is definitely an increase for every quarter.   
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood.  And this waiving off of account opening fees, 
so it is temporary or going forward are you not going to charge any account opening 
fee? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
No, it is permanent.  From April 2019, we had anyways 
removed our account opening fees.  For a brief period of last quarter we had introduced 
it; but on the customer feedback we again removed it and we don’t plan to add that 
account opening fee at least for the foreseeable future.  
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay.  And basically, this quarter our revenue takes the 
impact of all the allied broking and the margin funding and the waiving off of account 
opening fees.  So, at this low base going forward, the client growth will track kind of an 
overall revenue growth in terms of 18%-20% we have been doing? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yes, it should.  Obviously broking revenues are subject to 
markets and volatility in the market, but yes.  And if you see our SER account, 
acquisition has always been in tandem with the revenue growth.  And that has been our 
philosophy that we acquire customers not for the sake of acquiring customers.  But yes, 
they should translate into revenues.  So, it has always been in tandem.  And I don’t think 
why it will not be in future, because I am sure it will be…. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, understood that point.  And my second question is 
regarding your operating leverage advantage.  Now, how does the mechanism of your 

Page 7 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
flow to EBITDA happen, once maybe your revenue goes past your 50 crores mark, so 
some kind of comment on that might be quite helpful? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Can you repeat that question? 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, I just wanted to understand your operating leverage 
advantage that we can enjoy, because I am sure the revenue over 50 crores if it grows, 
your cost will not grow proportionately, right?  So, that will have some positive impact.  
So, how does that mechanism happen in terms of your operating leverage advantage.  
So, what sort of we can basically envisage? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
So, if you see for this full year, there is bit of advantage, 
because of the cost and we are already bearing the fruit of operating leverage.  But, as 
of now a good amount of our expenditure goes in customer acquisition.  And with the 
funds coming in and with the new financial year that we look forward, we look at a 
healthy growth in our customer acquisition.  So, till the time the acquisition is growing 
more than 100%-150% year on year, it will have some impact on the cost.  But overall, 
apart from if you remove the acquisition cost, rest of the cost is more or less stable and 
there is very less increase in the cost, thereby resulting into a good profit at the EBITDA 
level.  So, I think it will continue. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Basically your client addition cost which was about 12½ 
crores this quarter, so that will grow in tandem with your client addition.  The other cost 
in terms of 16½ crores-17 crores per quarter, that kind of will be stabilized or will remain 
stable, right? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yes, to a larger extent. 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, understood.  These are my two questions.  Thank you 
very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Mr. Sarvesh 
Gupta from Maximal Capital.  Please go ahead.   
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Thank you sir for taking my question.  Sir, this year has been 
excellent for us overall if you look at the revenue profile.  If one were to break this up, 
there is one factor which is the structural growth into discount broking by the younger 
generation people.  Then there is a play of market share between all these companies.  
Third is this pandemic sir, where it is suspected that because people had a lot of time 
sitting at home, they sort of increased trading and all that.  And fourth factor is of course, 
this FY21 has also been an exceptional year for equity gains, people have just seen one 
way up.  So, my question is that, if one were to break up your revenue growth into these 
four factors, going forward what sort of trajectory you are sitting, you are looking at and 
what is the sort of break up of this 70%-80% growth into these three-four main factors 
which has contributed to that?  So, that is my first question sir.  Second is on the 
competition.  Now we are seeing so many private companies also raising money at 
exorbitant valuations and there is a lot of gun powder available with all of them.  And 
their strategy is similar where everyone is trying to be a one-stop solution to doing 
various things, like selling insurance etc.  Our strategy is also being followed by many 
other private competitors as well and many of them are now worth billions of dollars and 
have a lot of money to spend on that.  And we are also trying to maybe spend maybe 

Page 8 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
250 crores on that.  So, given this sort of a competitive intensity, how do you think things 
are going to play out for you, because many other competitors have so much more 
money to burn compared to what you have.  And they have so much of more visibility 
through ads and this and that.  So, how will we win this sort of a war which is being 
waged between private companies, listed companies and many other sorts of peers who 
are trying to all gain the customers at the end of the day in terms of their app usage and 
all? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Sure, sure.  So, answering your first question, with the start 
of pandemic it was surprising factor for everyone that there was a huge inflow of this 
millennial customers, who came in millions and wanted to invest into markets.  It maybe 
in retrospect, we can say that it was because people are sitting home and doing nothing 
and that is the reason they had idle money and started investing.  These are structural 
changes.  And you always need an event which becomes like an inflex point for a sector 
to grow.  The same we have seen in many such examples.  You saw demonetization 
becoming a structural change for wallets or maybe this becoming a structural change for 
digital companies, for every kind of fintech or non-fintech companies.  These are 
structural changes.  I don’t see that that structural change will just go off just within 
twelve months, because people will go back to work doing their own routine.  Yes, 
whether the euphoria will stay, it is something that I don’t know.  It may or may not be 
and it is not something that I will speculate on.  I think the focus of millennials towards 
capital market investing, at the same time other options of investing not giving that kind 
of returns is here to stay.  And that is the reason people will continue to come to capital 
markets and invest.  But broking is a cyclical business as you all know, so there are ups 
and downs but that’s okay as till the time people are focused to do long term investment 
I don’t see the flow of customers coming to the capital market especially the younger 
generation will stop.  Secondly as you rightly said there is competition and broking as a 
space was always competitive with more than 100 brokers.  It is good now that the 
industry is getting consolidated and you have a handful of four five people who are 
cornering a 75% to 80% of the incremental market.  Broking and investing as a space 
has a huge potential.  Though this is the first time after so many years that we have seen 
the kind of demat account grow hence we see that it might be short-lived or some 
competition will take away all.  I see that there is a room for four to five players to grow 
exponentially at least for some time and corner a market share and that will continue.  
As far as burning money is concerned, I think there are tons of example that burning 
money doesn’t lead to revenue.  At the end of the day what matters is whether your 
product is good, whether people are happy with the entire experience on your product, 
are they investing properly to your company and whether that is resulting into revenue 
and profits.  If that is in place. I think the model is strong.  Till that time I won’t be 
worrying about someone spending crores of rupees on large sponsorships or spends on 
advertisements or giving freebees right left and center.  I think at the end of the day 
people are smart and no one will invest money just because someone is giving a 
freebee or someone is playing an add on the television.  People invest wisely, they look 
at platforms, they look at credibility of the player and then they invest their money.  So I 
think that’s something which I should not be getting blind sighted with, we are very 
focused on our strategy and will continue and I think there is good amount of room for us 
to be in that group of brokers who corner the larger market share and grow revenue. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes sir.  Just a follow up on the second question sir if you 
can give some color on competition. 
 

Page 9 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
I am sorry if you can just come back in the queue I think 
there are others waiting. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
I will do that sir, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Jeetu Punjabi 
from Capital Investors, please go ahead. 
 
Jeetu Punjabi: 
See there are two questions.  One, this whole competitive 
intensity scaling up significantly, how did that translate in terms of CAC for your 
customers in the last quarter…customer acquisition cost?  That’s question one.  
Question two is in your opening comments you said that you have now raised 250 crores 
and a whole game plan around it in terms of being a more bigger wider digital player.  
Can you just articulate what that new game plan looks like and what are the implications 
going to be on the business? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
I just want a clarification on your first question, you said the 
CAC impact because of what? 
 
Jeetu Punjabi: 
Because of the competitive pressure so the point is that 
there is so much competition out there so obviously it would translate into higher CAC is 
my guess.  So just trying to calibrate that how has CAC moved last quarter relative to the 
previous quarter? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani:  
See if you see month on month CAC is coming down.  If you 
see for the entire year the competition was definitely intense for almost the entire year 
but from 1483 of CAC we have gone down to 897….by end of March we were at around 
875.  So our CAC is consistently reducing.  Our strategy of getting more acquisitions 
through referral channels organic has actually helped us reduce our CAC and at the 
same time increase the customer acquisition.  I think there is not much of an impact of 
competition on the CAC.  On the second question of fund raise; as I said that the entire 
fund raise will be utilized towards making our product and our infrastructure stronger and 
we will invest into technology data analytics and AI is a vast field that requires capital 
and that is something that we will invest into.  Customer acquisition definitely is at the 
core of our expansion strategy that we want to acquire more customers than what we 
acquired this year and so there the money will go and with the regulatory changes there 
is a lot of money which is required as a working capital for the business so it will also be 
invested there.  So broadly these are the places where the money will be invested. 
   
Jeetu Punjabi: 
In that entire plan is there a new aspect to business that you 
brought in, new business segments within the broader segments coming in and new 
things you’d be doing? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Definitely one of our subsidiary companies where we 
launched the business was in peer to peer lending so that is something that we will focus 
this year for scale up.  We have launched a few products.  I think more than the new 
lines of businesses adding, we will focus on the product that we have already launched 
and these are the products that we would focus on growing.  There would be some 
smaller products here and there but I am not looking at a completely new line of 
businesses I think it is important that whatever product that we have built, we use wisely 
to grow the business in the coming year. 

Page 10 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
 
 
Jeetu Punjabi: 
Okay, thank you so much and all the best. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Saurabh 
Gokhale from Trivantage Capital.  Please go ahead. 
 
Saurabh Gokhale: 
Sir good afternoon this is Saurabh Gokhale, I have a couple 
of questions.  The first one is, if you can talk a little bit about how flexible is the cost 
structure in the business because as you know that this business volumes can decline 
50%, 60% on a YOY basis in no time.  So to combat such kind of volatility, what kind of 
cost lever can you pull and at what level will you kind of stop breaking even? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
See if you see out of our 37 crores of cost, practically 40% of 
the cost goes into acquiring customers.  That’s a flexible cost but domestic side of it, 
apart from that there is investment in technology which is more or less stable cost which 
is not dependent on revenues or customer acquisition.  That’s just the beauty of digital 
business that your fixed cost is lesser to run the business once you have your tech infra 
structure and your product is stable.  What is floating is predominantly the cost attached 
to the customer acquisition.  In the event of markets going substantially down which I 
don’t foresee or I keep my fingers crossed; in that case the only cost which will be 
impacted is the balance 50% of the cost which is fixed. 
 
Saurabh Gokhale: 
Right, right.  And sir my second question was with respect to 
the P to P loans, could you just talk a little bit about for what purposes are these given 
and who are our partners here because this is different from the allied broking income 
which includes margin funding right? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yeah absolutely.  Our Peer to Peer lending business is 
completely different business and has no correlation with our existing broking and 
definitely not margin funding.  So at this point in time it is at a very nascent stage but 
these are pure unsecured lending which is nothing but a personal loan right now or a 
working capital loan to MSME and SME.  So that is a section of borrowers that we target 
and these are low ticket loans from around as low as 50,000 to 100,000 to 150,000.  It is 
normally an unsecured personal loan which people take. 
 
Saurabh Gokhale: 
And our partners here would be NBFCs right? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
No we are an NBFC, we don’t have partners, we are an 
NBFC.  So the way Peer to Peer lending works is that we are a platform and we provide 
the platform for borrowers and lenders to come.  So lenders are individual customers 
who want to lend money and earn interest and at the same time you have borrowers 
who have need for the money and we just become a platform which marry them. 
 
Saurabh Gokhale: 
Oh okay just one last question.  If you would talk a little bit 
about the activity levels of the client.  You have already mentioned that you have about 
8, 9 lakhs of active clients.   But in a rapidly growing business like yours, I don’t know 
how reflective that is of what kind of customers you are bringing and whether the 
acquisition cost that you spent over the quarter, is it that paying off?  Any other metric 

Page 11 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
that you probably track in order to ensure or in order to have an evaluation of whether 
you are doing a good job or not?  Any comments there? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
We’ve added 8 lakh customers last year. 60-65% of our 
customer base is acquired in the last 12 months.  It is difficult to predict in terms of how 
the activity percentage will be.  The best way to track is that how many times am I 
recovering the entire cost that we are incurring to acquire a customer.  So that is ranging 
between anywhere from nine to 10 months.  If that continues then internally that’s the 
way we track, okay fine, things are fine if it is 8 to 10 months of recovery of our allocation 
cost and that is what we are right now looking at. 
 
Saurabh Gokhale: 
Right sir.  Sir I have a few more questions but I will join back 
the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have a question 
please press * and 1 on the telephone keypad.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have a 
question please press * and 1 on the telephone keypad.  The next question comes from 
Vaibhav Kacholia from VK Capital, please go ahead. 
 
Vaibhav Kacholia: 
Sir I wanted to enquire what is the kind of revenue which we 
generate per customer per year kind of thing? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Revenue per customer, per year? 
 
Vaibhav Kacholia: 
Yeah and how does that compare with other industry 
competitors?  I think some of the leading players have close to 10,000 rupees per year 
per customer. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
So unfortunately as far as competition is concerned, there is 
hardly any data in the competition which is listed are all full service brokers. It is difficult 
to compare full service broker to a discount broker purely because of the difference in 
the brokerage that we charge.  So definitely 10,000 is not the number that discount 
broking has but I don’t have the other competition data.  In our case it is anywhere in the 
range of around 1500 to 2000 rupees is what we get by a customer in a year, around 
2000 rupees. 
 
Vaibhav Kacholia: 
Okay got that and my second question was, you said usually 
four or five players being able to do very well and capture large part of the market.  So 
are you treating us as some of these players and like how are you segmenting the 
market when you are treating us as one of the top 5 players? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
So one of the six player this is the NSE active client data, 
that is the one that we have to do.  But the large segmentation is basically a full service 
on a discount broker.  Brokers who are charging percentage are full service brokers, as 
ICICI Direct, Motilal Oswal, Share Khans of the world….but other people who are 
charging fixed brokerage, flat fee per order are discount brokers; so that’s broad 
bifurcation of brokers. 
 
Vaibhav Kacholia: 
So you are taking us as one of the leading players in the 
discount space? 
 

Page 12 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yes. 
 
Vaibhav Kacholia: 
Okay got that, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome back sir.  Ladies and gentlemen if you have a 
question please press * and 1 on the telephone keypad.  Ladies and gentlemen if you 
have a question please press * and 1 on the telephone keypad.  So we have a followup 
question from Mr. Aditya Shah from Artic Lights Capital please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Shah: 
Am I audible? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yes you are. 
 
Aditya Shah: 
I have a follow up question.  You spoke about some of our 
competitors and even our advertising and all.  Can you tell me a little bit more 
specifically what we are planning to do to improve our visibility? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
You will have to wait for that answer.  It will take some time 
but frankly speaking, the way we are acquiring customers is predominantly through 
organic, through referral and our partnership and strategic alliances.  So that is the way 
we will continue but yes, there will be a part of building our brand and that will require 
some branding expenditure, that we will do but it is too premature for me right now to 
speak about that.  You will have to wait for some time to get that answer. 
 
Aditya Shah: 
Okay thank you so much that was my last question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Deepak 
Salonae from Haitong Securities, please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Salonae: 
Hello sir, this is Deepak here.  Thank you for the opportunity.  
Sir I just wanted to have an understanding about how our company charges interest rate 
for our MTS clients? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
So we charge 0.06% per day as an interest to the customer.  
So for whatever number of days a customer keeps the debit, it is charged by per day 
basis. 
 
Deepak Salonae: 
Okay and sir my second question is any views from further 
regarding the yield for our equity broking and derivatives within equity?  Can you just 
elaborate on ease of intraday or delivery trade? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
We charge flat 20 rupees on every charge be it intraday or 
delivery or derivatives or cash segments.  That’s flat for us.  That’s 20 rupees per order. 
 
Deepak Salonae: 
Alright, thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  The next question comes from Swed Shah 
from AMS Wealth.  Please go ahead. 
 
Swed Shah: 
Hi sir, I have a couple of follow up questions.  One was who 
is looking at the results and the investor presentations?  If you can just help me figure 

Page 13 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
out how the revenue is bifurcated.  If I look at the results which has been uploaded, we 
have broken up into two parts the revenue from operations.  One is interest income and 
the other is fees and commission.  But in the presentation we have broken it out 
segment wise like broking, allied broking, cost, sales, B2B and other operating.  So if 
you can just help me match these numbers like what actually contributes as interest 
income and what goes as fees and commissions sir. 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
So we have to follow Schedule 6 as per Company’s Act in 
which we have to segregate our income into two parts on the face of it which is the 
interest income as well as the fees and commission.  However here it is an investor 
presentation and we have bifurcated it into different sections.  So interest on MTF which 
we get from the customer that is a part of our allied working income that plus our other 
operating income.  That will become an interest in the result table. 
 
Swed Shah: 
Okay that is the interest income? 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
Yes. 
 
Swed Shah: 
Everything else is obviously the part of the fees and 
commission. 
 
Gourav Munjal: 
Yes. 
 
Swed Shah: 
Sir will you be able to give me a break up as to as we have 
8.7 lakhs active customers right sir? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yeah. 
 
Swed Shah: 
So two things I wanted to know sir.  How do we define a 
customer as active and second if you could give me a break up out of the active 
customers how much of them….like percentage of these customers we only do cash 
equity, cash segment and how many of these do trading only in FnO segment sir? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Active customer is defined as someone who trades at least 
one trade in a year, that’s how NSE defines active customer which everyone tracks.  
Second is of that active customers I wouldn’t have the exact percentage break up but 
predominantly close to 70% to 80% of the customers trade in cash segment and the 
balance trade in derivatives and they also would be trading in cash; but a large section 
of customers are trading in cash segments only. 
 
Swed Shah: 
Okay and sir cash would be typically intraday or would it be 
delivery days? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
It would be intraday and delivery; both. 
 
Swed Shah: 
But higher would be intraday I am assuming…am I right? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yes. 
 
Swed Shah: 
Okay, thank you sir.  Just one more question sir.  Our cost of 
acquisition if I look at the investor presentation would be quoted as the cost of 

Page 14 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
acquisition 3,300 in FY19 and sir also mentioned in the opening comment as 1,483 
rupees sometimes.  So if I look from FY18, from 3,300 we have come down to 897 
rupees right?  Sir if you could help us understand how we were able to bring down the 
cost of acquisition to 897 rupees and what are the key two or three things that you really 
did in the past three, four years to get to this number sir? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
There are multiple factors which has resulted into this lower 
cost of acquisition.  The first and foremost is that how are we acquiring customers?  
Basically our spends on marketing, advertising…the way our customer base was 
growing, it helped us to increase our organic footprint.  It also helped us to increase 
more referral which was far better and a cheaper source of acquisition.  We also had 
partner channel and alliances where we started acquiring customers where the cost was 
lower as compared to what we were spending earlier.  So earlier in December I think 
predominantly we were using Google searches or some social media to acquire 
customers.  Over a period of time our acquisition through our organic channels improved 
and that is one of the reasons.  Second is obviously our internal call center efficiency the 
way we process the accounts of customers, the time it has taken to open accounts.  All 
that are a part of the improvements that we did over a period of time which has helped 
us improve in terms of efficiency and at the same time also source customers through 
the channels which are scalable at the same time cost effective.  This is broadly the 
reason how we have reduced their cost. 
 
Swed Shah: 
Okay.  Sir one last question.  Any guidance you can give 
what we are planning to spend on advertisement and technology in the next one or two 
years….like a broad number or percentage in terms of the revenue that we would be 
looking to spend in the next one, two years on these two platform sir? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Sorry it would be difficult for me to give any guidance but we 
continue to work on our cost of acquisition and we always look forward to reducing that.  
At the same time it should not lead to reduction in numbers.  As far as we are increasing 
our acquisition and reducing our cost of acquisition I think we are good to go.  It was 
difficult for me to put a number of what spends we will be doing. 
 
Swed Shah: 
Okay no worries sir, thank you so much. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you ma’am.  Next question comes from Kajal Gandhi 
from ICICI Direct.  Please go ahead. 
 
Kajal Gandhi: 
Congratulations for these set of numbers.  Most of my 
questions are answered.  There is just one thing.  What are we doing on steps to 
increase the SNO market share because that has been going down and volumes are 
rising…? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Yes the derivative market share has been going down.  So 
there are a few changes we are doing.  One is we are revamping our platform which is 
EXE and the web platform which is largely used by the trading community.  So we are 
re-vamping and we are launching which should be going out anywhere between the next 
15 days to two to three weeks.  That is one.  We are working on also improvisation on 
our open ETI channel which is again largely used by algo trading customers and tech 

Page 15 
 
Transcript - Conference Call of 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
based traders.  These are the two and the third is that we will also be working on our 
algo trading.  These three things we are doing but I think largely there was a requirement 
by traders to enhance our platform and make it more robust.  That is what we are 
working on.  We are just almost there to launch and I am sure with these products and 
features going live, our market share will also improve.  Though our turnover is 
increasing, but our market share will also increase along with that. 
 
Kajal Gandhi: 
Any key things that we observe that FnO traders look for….? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Sorry I didn’t get it? 
 
Kajal Gandhi: 
Any key things that they want in the site, as you are saying 
revamp is…. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
It is not just one thing, it is overall the user experience of the 
trading platform.  Basket trading is what people are asking for…a couple of more…there 
are some derivative strategies that people are asking for, there are a few small, small 
features nothing which is large but it is a part of the overall user experience on the EXE 
and the web platform which we are working on. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you ma’am.  That would be the last question for the 
day.  I would now like to hand over the conference to the management for closing 
comments. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani: 
Thank you everyone for joining this conference.  I hope that 
we were able to answer your questions.  If you have any other questions, you can write it 
to ir@5paise.com  I hope all of you stay safe, healthy and at home.  Thank you very 
much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir.  On behalf of 5 Paisa Capital Limited that 
concludes this conference.  Thank you for joining us.  You may now all disconnect your 
lines now.  Thank you and have a pleasant evening. 
 
______________________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
