L&T Technology Services 
cicA-2( aeb, 
 
 
Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001. INDIA, Tel: +91 22 6752 5656                                             
Fax: +91 22 6752 5893 
 
CIN : L72900MH2012PLC232169 
 
     L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
L&T Technology Services Limited 
L&T Business Park, TC 2 Tower B, 
Second floor, North East Wing, 
Gate no.5, Saki Vihar Road, 
Powai, Mumbai – 400072 
www.ltts.com 
 
                       
 
    May 7, 2021 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: LTTS 
 
                   The BSE Limited                    
                   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
                   Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
                   BSE Script Code: 540115 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) 
for quarter and year ended March 31,2021 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please find attached the transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 
May 3, 2021 for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2021 for your information and 
records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For L&T Technology Services Limited 
 
Kapil Bhalla 
Company Secretary 
FCS.3485 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 

18 LT Technology Services 
 
 
 
 
L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
May 3, 2021, 20:30hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT CHADHA – CEO, 
MR. ABHISHEK – COO, 
MR. RAJEEV GUPTA – CFO, 
MR. PINKU PAPPAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those in such forward-looking statements. L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to L&T Technology Services Q4 FY21 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan - Head of Investor Relations. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Hello everyone and welcome to the fourth quarter and full year FY21 Earnings Call of LTTS. I 
am Pinku, heading Investor Relations. To those of you who have joined from India, thank you 
for participating at this late hour. We apologize for having to hold the call at this time. 
Our Financial Results, Investor Release and Press Release have been filed on the stock exchange 
and are also available on our website, www.ltts.com. I hope you have had a chance to go through 
them. This call will run for 60 minutes. We will try to wrap the management remarks in 20 
minutes and then open up for Q&A. The audio of this call will be available for replay on our 
website approximately one hour after this call ends. 
Let me introduce the leadership team present on this call. We have Amit Chadha - CEO; 
Abhishek - COO and Rajeev Gupta - CFO. We will begin with Amit providing an overview of 
the company performance and outlook followed by Rajeev who will walk you through the 
financial performance. Let me now turn the call over to Amit. 
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you, Pinku and thank you all for joining us on the call today. I wish you and your families 
well and hope all of you especially in India are safe and healthy. Firstly, I would like to thank 
all our employees who in a difficult year have risen to the occasion, taking care of themselves, 
their peers, their families and still being resilient in meeting the demands of our customers and 
keeping the customer satisfaction high. The safety and health of our employees remains on the 
top of our minds. We recently rolled out a few additional measures towards the health and 
wellness of our employees and their family members and we are working on a vaccination drive 
to cover all employees in India as quickly as possible. 
Moving on to our Quarter 4 performance: 
I am happy to note that our revenue is back on the positive year-on-year grown path. We 
achieved a sequential growth revenue of 3.9% in Q4 and equally important all five segments 
grew sequentially. Operationally, we had a good performance with EBIT margin at 16.6% which 
like our revenue, is better than the pre-Covid Q4FY20 quarter. We continued to generate good 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 17 
free cash flow which has risen to a record high of ₹1,252 crores in FY21 led by good collections 
and operational improvement. Our large deal pipeline and conversions remains robust - in Q4, 
we won 7 deals across all segments out of which two deals have TCV of $25 million plus and 4 
deals are in the $10-15 million range. 
Now, allow me to briefly touch upon FY21 performance: 
We had a tough Q1, but we pulled back starting Q2 and have delivered three consecutive quarters 
of both revenue and margin improvement. Our FY21 dollar revenue is down 6.3% which is 
better than what we had initially forecasted. If you remember in Q1, our guidance for FY21 was 
for a decline of 9-10%. Our performance was aided by a gradual improvement of macro-
economic conditions in the developed economies, and our own focus towards pursuing and 
closing large deals and strategic partnerships. All along, we have also worked on improving and 
retooling our talent development programs that include innovation labs which has helped us 
forge stronger ties with our customers. 
Let me now provide the segmental performance and outlook: 
Starting with Transportation: we had a sequential growth of 6.5% led by Auto and Trucks & 
Off Highway, while Aero and Defense had a marginal growth. We see traction in Auto and 
Trucks & Off Highway both in new areas like Electric, Autonomous and Connected vehicles, 
but also in the traditional areas where spends are opening up. Customers continue to look at ways 
to optimize R&D costs and invest heavily in the transition to electric technology and autonomous 
driving which involves much higher digital engineering. We are having conversations with 
OEMs beyond the product and into services like connected car platforms AR/VR support etc. In 
Aerospace, the defense side is doing well while on the commercial side, the deal traction is 
slowly picking up as we diversify more into the digital side - the Skywise partnership that we 
recently announced is an example of the same. Overall for Transportation, our EV lab 
investments are paying off and we are currently pursuing multiple large deals in the areas of EV, 
autonomous, mobility and we are optimistic about the growth momentum continuing across all 
three sub-segments. 
In Plant Engineering, we had a strong quarter with 10% QoQ growth. All three segments grew 
while Oil and Gas grew strongly aided by the early ramp up of the large $100 million deal. Both 
in O&G and Chemicals, we continue to see deals in the sustenance engineering space around 
plant digitization, engineering value center set up etc. Meanwhile capex spends in Oil and Gas 
are slowly opening up with oil prices steadying. In CPG, brown field expansion, sustainability 
led products like waste water management, energy conservation are growth areas for us. 
Summing up, for Plant Engineering we see large deal opportunities across regions and expect 
the growth to continue into FY22, although Q1 may be a bit muted as a good part of the ramp 
up of the large $100 million deal happened in Q4 itself and there we will stabilize. 
At Industrial Products, we had a steady quarter with 1.5% QoQ growth with all three sub-
segments showing growth - Electrical, Machinery and Building automation. Demand is strong 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 17 
both in digital and traditional areas of product development and cost optimization. Recently, we 
invested in a Sensor Lab for rapid design and prototyping of domain specific sensors which will 
help us in differentiating our offerings further. Customer spends in the segment are likely to rise 
with the pickup of manufacturing activity in US and Germany. Investment areas range from 
Industry 4.0 initiatives like smart and connected plants, digital twin, sustainability projects 
centered around energy consumption, and optimization of energy storage using hybridization. 
We see momentum in Industrial from Q1 onwards. 
In Telecom and Hi-Tech, we had a flat quarter as decision making for large deals remains a bit 
sluggish, even as we continue to win smaller deals. In Semi, there is a good momentum in chip 
design and testing; in Media for platform modernization and sustenance, and in Telecom for 
network monitoring, 5G experience and labs-as-a-service. Overall, customer discussions and 
deal pipeline is moving positively and we are working on closing deals quickly. 
Lastly, in Medical, we had nearly 1% QoQ growth, a bit softer than we expected as Covid 
slowed the decision making especially in the diagnostic devices side. OEMs are investing in 
digital platforms, robotic surgical equipment and connected care where we won deals recently. 
Cost optimization and QARA using new age technologies like AI/ML are other areas of traction. 
We expect growth traction to see a jump from Q2 onwards as the large deal traction improves.  
Shifting gears as an engineering and technology company, it is important for us to continue to 
focus on digital engineering and technology investments. A few highlights: 
I am happy to share that our Digital Engineering revenues are 52% in Q4 versus 49% in Q3. We 
see this trend continuing. On the innovation front, despite limited access to labs, our engineers 
continue to innovate and filed 148 patents in FY21. In Q4, our Chest rAI and i-BEMS solutions 
were both recognized with the 2021 BIG Innovation award in the US. Lastly, TECHgium which 
is our initiative to connect with universities, had its fourth edition recently were a record 350+ 
universities participated. 
Let us now discuss the outlook: 
From a geography standpoint, we see a strong demand outlook in the US while in Europe, our 
customer discussions are progressing well, and we are seeing strength in pockets. In Japan and 
in India, the decision making is a bit slow given recent uptake in infections. The deal pipeline is 
strong across all industry segments as our customers are turning more optimistic about investing 
in new technology which gives us confidence of broad-based growth. Our guidance for FY22 is 
for a dollar revenue growth of 13-15%. I must add however that the Covid related uncertainties 
are not fully behind us. As you are aware the infection count in India has gone up significantly 
since April. So, the impact on the delivery side is something we have to be watchful off. We 
have taken several measures to help our employees and their family members who are impacted 
by the pandemic and we are hopeful that the situation will improve in a month. 
Let me end by wishing all of you good health. Thank you and I now hand over to Rajeev. 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Amit. Good evening to all of you. I wish and pray that all of you and your families 
are keeping safe and healthy during these challenging times. 
Let me walk you through our Q4 and full year FY21 financials starting with the P&L. Our 
revenue for the quarter was ₹1,441 crores, a growth of 2.8% on QoQ basis. As mentioned by 
Amit, this was the third quarter of revenue and margin improvement since the pandemic-hit 
quarter and we are now back to pre-Covid levels both on revenue and margin. The EBIT margin 
increased by 140 basis points QoQ to 16.6%. The improvement was driven by a combination of 
better utilization, higher offshore revenue mix and improvement in operational efficiency, partly 
offset by rupee appreciation against dollar. We also had 70 basis points benefit from lower 
amortization in Q4 compared to Q3. Q3 had higher intangible related amortization due to the 
Orchestra acquisition. 
Moving to below EBIT, the Other Income was lower on a QoQ basis due to lower export 
incentive income. We did not accrue any export incentive income in Q4 as the Government of 
India has yet to process the claims of fiscal year FY20. We are following up with the authorities 
to expedite claims for FY20 and also to provide clarity on the export incentive scheme going 
forward.  
Net Income for the quarter stood at ₹195 crores which is 13.5% of revenues, up 4.5% on 
sequential basis, driven by higher revenue and operating margin. On an annual basis, our revenue 
for FY21 was ₹5,450 crores, a decline of 3% largely because of the pandemic which hit us in 
Q1. EBIT margin for FY21 at 14.5% is down 200 basis points, again because of the pandemic 
impact in Q1 post which we have now recovered. Net income for FY21 at ₹663 crores, down 
19% because of lower operating margin and Other income. However, Q4 net profit level has 
come very close to the pre-Covid levels of ₹200 crores.  
Moving to the Balance sheet, let me highlight the key line items: 
DSO was 75 days at the end of Q4 compared to 73 days in Q3, while Unbilled days remained 
flat, QoQ at 17 days. So, combined DSO including unbilled stood at 92 days which is within our 
target range of less than 95 days. The sustained efficiency in collections and improvement in 
operating margins has resulted in our cash and investments rising to ₹1,700 crores plus by end 
of Q4FY21 compared to around ₹1,500 crores end of Q3FY21 and far better compared to around 
₹900 crores end of Q4FY20. 
Let me talk about cash flows. In FY21, we generated a record free cash flow of ₹1,252 crores 
which is nearly double of our Net Income. Like I have mentioned in the previous quarters, this 
performance was driven by the significant improvement in DSO in the first half of the year to 
sub 95 days which we were able to maintain in Q3 and Q4. So, you can expect the free cash flow 
conversion rate to see some moderation going forward as the DSO steadies at current levels. 
Moving to revenue metrics: the dollar revenue growth was 3.9% in Q4 with all five segments 
growing sequentially as highlighted by Amit. Growth was mainly led by Transportation and 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Plant Engineering. The segmental margin performance was steady on a QoQ basis, with 
Transportation and Medical improving marginally while Plant Engineering marginally declined. 
Now, let me comment on operational metrics: Utilization improved by 140 basis points QoQ to 
78.9% while onsite/offshore mix improved in favor of offshore by around 80 bps QoQ to 57.9% 
with T&M revenue mix improved to 64% in Q4 owing to some of the recent deal wins. This has 
been within the 60 to 65 range in the past few quarters. In terms of client profile which is the 
number of million plus accounts across categories showed a sequential improvement in the 1 
million and 10 million plus category while others are either marginally down or flat. Again, as I 
had mentioned in the previous quarters, this metric is measured on Last Twelve months (LTM) 
basis and not on a quarterly analyzed basis, hence we will see a better reflection of this quarterly 
picture in Q1FY22 as we would move past the Q1FY20 quarter wherein the revenue dip was 
quite sharp. As regards client contribution to revenue, here again this is on the last 12-month 
basis and it appears that top accounts have declined on a QoQ basis, however, we have seen 
growth across top 5, top 10 and top 20 accounts on a QoQ basis inline with the overall company 
growth of 3.9%.  
Increase in headcount by 383 on a QoQ basis while attrition moved up marginally to 12.2% well 
below industry levels. Realized rupee for Q4 was around 73 to the US dollar and appreciation 
of 1% versus Q3. 
Lastly on capital return: the board today recommended a final dividend of ₹14.5 per share taking 
the total FY21 dividend to ₹22 per share. This translates to a dividend payout ratio of 35% for 
FY21. Our Return on Equity stands at 21% for FY21 lower than last year, mainly on account of 
the pandemic which hit us in Q1 leading to a drop in net profit to ₹663 crores in FY21 versus 
₹818 crores in FY20. However, we have recovered well, both on revenue and margin since the 
pandemic hit quarter to come back to pre-Covid level.  
Before I end, let me give some color on the EBIT margin trajectory we see going forward: in 
Q1, we will have the headwinds of wage hikes as we roll out salary hikes to employees at mid 
to junior levels. This is likely to have an impact on the operating margin. We will try to offset 
this impact through improvements in the combination of operational levers like utilization, 
offshore ratio, employ pyramid and productivity. We are also working towards improving 
margins in segments like Telecom and Hi-Tech and Transportation while pushing for better 
growth in the high margin segments like Medical, Industrial products and Plant Engineering. 
Overall, while we do not provide the guidance on margin, we will continue to work towards 
sustaining the progress made so far and adding on efficiencies to strengthen the operating model. 
With that, thank you everyone. Moderator, we can now take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Amit, my first question is that there is a lot of noise around chip shortage disrupting supply 
chains across industries from Hi-Tech to Auto, one of our top accounts is also a key player in 
this ecosystem, even otherwise across our different verticals starting from telecom and Hi-Tech 
to Auto, we may be working on several projects where chips might form key inputs, so how do 
you think this disruption if any, will shape up going forward? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, number one, the chip shortage that you are hearing about is manufacturing, delivery of chip 
sets and not design of chip sets, number one. Number two, in automotive, all the programs that 
you work on R&D is actually model year that are two years out. So, they are not current model 
years that we are working on. So, as far as we are concerned, we haven't seen any impact of the 
chip shortage on our business volumes neither in auto nor in semcon. We continue to see both 
the areas investing in our work product areas. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
And the second question is in terms of guidance, actually given the very favorable base of FY21 
where actually revenue has declined, ideally the growth expectations would have been higher, 
but your guidance of 13% to 15%, is it building in some sort of conservatism given the ongoing 
situation in India and possibly factoring in some of the issues like employee absenteeism, so on 
and so forth or as mentioned in your initial remarks this remains to be a risk on even that 13% 
to 15% number, potential employee absenteeism and all remains a risk on that 13% to 15% 
number? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, where we are today is that, so let me paint two scenarios for you, two sides that went into 
this decision of giving 13% to 15%. From a market standpoint, we do see the US coming back 
almost at pre-Covid levels from a decision making standpoint other than commercial aerospace. 
We do see Europe in most pockets, there are a lot of pockets to be strong in terms of decision 
making, Japan decision making has been a little slow and India of course is we are aware. So, 
that is number one. Number two, what has gone into our heads and minds in this is the pandemic 
is not over yet and it continues to wage on in different shapes and forms and affecting lives and 
health of people. We have taken both these and the health for employees etc., and we feel that 
we are fairly comfortable with 13% to 15%, of course, we will come back to you next quarter 
again in case if there is a change we will let you know. Look, our aspiration is to be to provide 
sustainable profitable growth and we will continue to down that mantra, we will continue to visit 
that. Deal pipeline remains strong. It is just that the closures cannot be accurately predicted, so 
some of that like we saw in Telecom and Hi-Tech last quarter. So, some of that is also a baked 
in, but we are very comfortable at this stage, but we will continue to update you. Rest assured, 
the management team is working very hard to make sure that we come back strong and sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Amit, just following up from the previous question on the guidance, if you look at the 13 to 15% 
number, it basically implies between 2% to 3% QoQ run rate, now if we again look at the last 3 
quarter performance, it has been significantly higher than that despite us being in a Covid 
induced lockdown plus all the uncertainty around that, so while that definitely should form one 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 17 
part of your analysis, what other areas are kind of leading to the quarterly slowdown over next 
4 quarters versus last 3 quarters in your assessment and is there some sort of conservatism you 
have baked in on the risk of a flare-up of another large Covid related lockdown at your client 
ends or is that more of an industry visibility you have? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, Mukul, two parts here, number one, we have been growing at that 4% clip, you are right and 
we want to keep on doing that, no questions there, right, but having said that I mean if I would 
have talked to you at the end of Feb, I may have had a different discussion, you have seen the 
number of infections that have gone up in India in the last three weeks, just zoomed up and this 
is India, now, that is number one. Number two is that though vaccinations in the US have been 
fairly high, UK have been fairly high, there is still the fear and the thing that Covid may resurface 
in one of these countries. 
Number three, decision making like I told you in the last 4 months has been fairly robust, which 
is good for us, you are right our total TCV closure that we have had in Q4 actually have been 
better than Q3 if I take out that $100 million deal and our pipeline is also very strong as compared 
to where we were last year same time. We are not seeing any client cancellations, in fact if 
anything there is empathy and sympathy plus 100% of our work force is work-from-home 
enabled and approximately 200 people are still coming to office, because of lab, etc., but 
everything else is being sorted out, so the only problem I see right now is this Covid and that is 
why we are giving you the guidance that we are giving you at this stage, but rest assured, we 
will continue to work to make sure that we come back to pre-Covid clips as we can. 
Mukul Garg: 
Amit, the second question was on the large deal wins, you obviously had a $100 million deal 
last quarter, but if you look at your top 10 clients, while there is a base effect, but looking at 
slightly longer-term time horizon from 2018 onwards, it has lost a reasonable share of overall 
company revenue and that probably is also partially on account of lack of very large regular deal 
wins, can you share some thoughts on how do you see pipeline in terms of large and small deals 
going forward and is there a possibility of maybe $50 or $100 million deals kind of coming in 
at a regular clip given the demand out there or will it still remain predominately a smaller deal 
market? 
Amit Chadha: 
Mukul, I will answer your two questions, let me talk about deals, then I will talk about account 
sizes. So, from a deal standpoint, I would like to assure you that we are today looking at a lot 
more, if I were to look at our deals that we have been closing, I see a lot more $25 million TCV 
deals closing as opposed to what I would have seen two years ago. So, let us take the one $100 
million deal out, just talk about normal, $25 to $40 to $50 million deals, so the closure that you 
have seen in the year that has just gone by have been higher as compared to past years. Our 10 
million plus deals that we have closed in FY21 has been higher than what we have closed in past 
years, so that is one and two. If I look at my future pipeline today, the number of 10 million 
deals that I have got going on or 25 million deals going on, 50 million deals going on, there is a 
fair degree of those deals that continues to happen. You will agree with me, however that the 
bigger deals that you have, say 50 million or 100 million deal takes some time, it doesn’t close 
overnight, the closure cycles are longer. So, we are seeing that. We are definitely seeing, we are 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 17 
monitoring very closely and task our teams on their KRAs on the size of the deals that they close, 
so it is not just closing deal, but the size of the deal and bulking of the conversation and signing 
bigger deals. So, that will continue to happen as you go forward we will be able to share more 
with you, but that is a continuous process. 
Now, let me share with you on accounts size. So, on account size, if you look at it Mukul, we 
had four accounts that were more than $30 million sometime ago and then of course it dropped 
because of Covid, but I do see that our whole aspiration as a management team, as an operations 
team in the company is to get accounts as big as possible and be able to aggregate that. The good 
news is that clients also are helping us in this area to be able to go forward. I am hopeful when 
I come back in Q1, at the end of it, you will start seeing this client pyramid improving and we 
are focused on this, there is account management effort, there is delivery led growth that we 
have institutionalized inside the company, so all those put together, we think will be helpful for 
us as we move along. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from PhillipCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Amit, my question was majorly on two points, one is on the medical devices segment, so this 
segment has actually grown quite massive for us in the last two years, we have increased our 
revenue share for this segment from around 6-7% to about 12-13% but last 2-3 quarters, when 
you would have thought that because of the pandemic and as other companies are also trying to 
make inroads into the segment, this segment would probably be able to compensate for the lack 
of growth that we had in other verticals, so any specific thing that you can probably point out in 
this segment that why the growth has been kind of  soft in this quarter especially and how do 
you see this segment going for us over the next 3 to 4 quarters? 
Amit Chadha: 
Vibhor, as we see the medical segment, we do see work happening in four clear areas or 5 clear 
areas R&D focus that is there in medical, one is Telehealth and the expansion of that, second is 
connected devices that are there, third is cyber security, fourth is patient experience and the fifth 
is digital manufacturing or automation whichever we want to call it. These are the five broad 
areas. Now the sixth one is regulatory compliance certification that is there. Now, we had a good 
run up last year in medical devices. Last quarter, we have only grown 1%. We are expecting 
some more deal closures as we speak, the big deal that we won last quarter in medical has to still 
ramp up, so we are expecting ramp up that showed down a little bit, but the oil and gas expanded 
faster. There is a give and take here but having said that we are seeing traction in this area and 
Q2 onwards, you will see clear growth coming back in this segment. This remains as a very 
important and high visibility segment for us. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
And as a management I am sure you have those targets and also any specific number that we are 
looking at let us say those segments to probably grow to maybe 15%-20% of revenue at some 
point of time, is that something that we are looking in a broader kind of a number or is it just we 
are taking one quarter at a time? 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Amit Chadha: 
Vibhor, we of course have internal targets that we have given out to our teams that the teams 
have taken based on where they see their pipeline and where they see client traction, client 
confidence, where they see trends, all that, but there is a little bit that is left to what happens 
finally. I don’t want to comment on any specific percentages by segment, but I can tell you with 
confidence that it is an important segment as we look at it going forward. Just keep in mind that 
in November 2nd through Feb 4th, the case load in the US infections was the highest. It was 
above 100,000, three months, right, so that delayed a little bit of decision making in that segment 
because elective surgeries again came down, etc., but post Feb, it was coming down, stabilizing 
March being much better, so we will have some closures and that is why I am saying I am 
confident that Q2 onwards, we should be seeing the growth back in the business. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Sir, just one more question from my side on the supply side, so are we seeing any pressure from 
the supply side in terms of talent availability and the kind of basically the talent that we want, 
mismatch between what we are looking for and what we are getting, is it also probably reflected 
in the high attrition number in that we have in this quarter and if at all it is the case what we are 
doing about that? 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure, let me address in two ways and if I miss out something, I will request my colleague, Abhi, 
to add to it. So, number one, from a talent standpoint, let us call it recruitment, let us call it 
retention and then let us call it motivation, right, that is how we will do this. So, if I look at the 
recruitment part, you have seen about 400 odd headcount increase that has happened in the last 
quarter and our utilization also is at record level. Utilization will improve slightly. We may be 
able to take it to about 80%, but we are an engineering & technology company, we don’t want 
to push it beyond that. There has to be innovation that has to continue to happen, we have to 
continue to differentiate ourselves, continue to invest, etc., so I do believe a little bit of 
optimization there, but recruitment will continue. If I give you a number, we have taken in more 
than 300 freshers in the last quarter alone. Over the next year, I do expect more than 1000 
freshers to be added into the company, so that is from a recruitment standpoint. We continue to 
be in the market to recruit talents. All the five centers are hiring, so Baroda, Chennai, Mysore, 
Bombay, Bangalore we are hiring, and we are seeing a lot of people wanting to join us because 
we are an engineering and technology company, we are seeing a lot of excitement there. So, yes, 
can we hire faster, of course, but I think the pace that we are at right now, I am kind of satisfied 
with it and we are working on trying to improve that as well, so that is in India and US as well 
from a recruitment standpoint and I will request Abhi to talk about the training that we are doing 
because he is running that engine very efficiently and effectively with his leadership. 
Second one is on retention part and that again, we used to be at about if you remember 14-16%, 
attrition and we came down to about 10% last year. Q4 for us has been 12%. We have given 
wage hikes to our juniors and mid-grade effective April 1st; seniors will be effective July 1st. 
So, as you will agree with me that there is seasonality to the attrition, so there may be a slight 
uptake, but we will still be within industry standards and below our all-time highs. I am confident 
of that and we are all working towards it as a single team to do that and that is the retention part 
of it. So, I am hopeful that we will be within the parameters that we govern ourselves on. Abhi, 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 17 
would you like to take the question on training and supply a little bit and explain to Vibhor as 
well, please? 
Abhishek Sinha: 
Thanks Amit. Vibhor, one of the great things were done last year when just before Covid started 
was fitting up a global engine academy as we call it for cross-skilling and up-skilling talent. In 
fact, our confidence on taking up, roughly almost 400 fresh grads every quarter, including that 
last quarter we did and this quarter and we will continue to do that over the coming quarters as 
well plus the lateral talent joining the company and upskilling them has been possible because 
of the academy we have set up in place which has more than 15 faculty members including PhDs 
and senior educators. I think the other interesting part is whichever way you look at it, we 
anticipated, I shouldn’t say anticipated, but we didn’t want to be blinded this time around, so we 
set up the academy in a manner assuming some or other event like pandemic might happen again, 
so most of our cross skilling, upskilling training are actually set in a manner that can be done 
online and fully training module which we have created, of course a small part of which has to 
be done in class as well, but that has given us confidence about hiring and upskilling folks which 
is going to be critical in our growth in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kapoor: 
Amit, my first question is, normally you see some kind of business attrition due to project 
completion in a year, do you think the impact this year might be lower that is in FY22 it might 
be lower than the traditional levels because of the abnormal revenue curve that we had in FY21? 
Amit Chadha: 
Pankaj, at this stage where we are right now, yes, business attrition or you are saying projects 
completion, because we are starting from a lower base, we think will be lower than previous 
years, yes. 
Pankaj Kapoor: 
And this would be normally around 10-12% of the revenue if I recall, right, is that the right 
understanding? 
Amit Chadha: 
We don’t normally quantize it Pankaj, but it will be lower than the previous year what we are 
anticipating right now, because we have done our account planning, we have gone through with 
accounts and all that and what we are seeing is, largely ramp up conversations, but I am touching 
wood, staying all healthy, all safe, the biggest unknown is the Covid bit, but assuming that it 
takes care of itself, we are discussing ramp up conversations with most of the places. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Amit, just on your initial remarks you said this $100 million deal is largely ramped up in the Q4, 
so does that mean that incremental growth from this deal in the 1Q is unlikely to be that big and 
if that is true, then Q4 growth outside this deal look slightly softer as a whole and a related 
question, if 1Q for the coming financial year is likely to be soft, is it the guidance baked in back-
ended kind of a growth for FY22? That is question number one? Question number two is in 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 17 
terms of what the CFO has said, are we looking to maintain the current margin of 16.6% in FY22 
despite the wage hikes coming in 1Q and 2Q as a whole because even LTM increase in attrition 
indicates quarterly annualized attrition could have increased sizably in this quarter and you have 
not given any wage hike in FY21? 
Amit Chadha: 
Let me take the different parts that you asked. So, your first question was around the 100 million 
deal ramped up, so what is going to happen Sandeep is that the deal is slated to ramp up in parts, 
so the wave 1, wave 2, wave 3 and then stable. That is broadly it and then once it goes past wave 
3, then there is the digitization part that we have to start doing on the sites while these waves are 
happening, so that we can help transforming, that is how we won this deal. It is not just the cost 
play, it is also a play of digitization, so wave one ramp up that we were expecting to happen in 
April actually happened earlier than that. That is the point I was making there and therefore, will 
we be able to bring wave two in as well, don’t know, that is something that we are working 
towards right now and that is why we haven't said soft, we have used the word muted in Q1 and 
of course there are different deals that we continue to have and do etc., and as things improve, 
we will come back on Q2 and talk to you as well. So, that is where we are on that 100 million 
deal on Plant engineering. Now, if I was to address your EBIT part, wage hike part, I am going 
to look to Rajeev to answer that. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Sure Amit. So, Sandeep, I think your question was, would we able to sustain 16.6% EBIT margin 
in FY22, the way I would like to respond to this is, we still have levers, right and if you look at 
utilization in Q4, it is at 78.9% there is about 100 basis points headroom, and we will continue 
to optimize there. In terms of segmental margins, again headroom for improvement in 
Transportation, we have seen some uptick in Transportation margins compared to Q3 and that 
is going in the right direction. Telecom, there is still headroom and that is an area that we will 
continue to work. We will take few quarters to get there, but we are persisting to be able to 
deliver better margins on Telecom and Hi-Tech segment. Amit and Abhi, both touched upon 
adding freshers and I think that is also an opportunity because when you look at FY21 and if we 
step back Q1 and Q2 with revenues coming down, clearly we did not have the opportunity to 
optimize on the employee pyramid. Q4, we have started to add freshers and that opportunity we 
are going to continue in all of FY22, so truly our employee pyramid and ability to bring in mid 
to junior level resources with the whole academy part that Abhi talked about gives us that much 
more ability to further optimize on the pyramid and that is the project margin and there are other 
operational levers also. The good part also is that we have seen rupee depreciating compared to 
what we saw in Q4, I mean, at least beginning of April, we have seen rupee depreciate that will 
also be sort of a tailwind that we will count on. So, these are the few factors that will help us 
balance to the point that you made around wage hike in Q1 and Q2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Union AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Sir, firstly, just wanted a clarification on your client metrics, what I noticed is, you had a $30 
million client which cannot be seen in this quarter plus there has also been a reduction in your 
$20 million client now, if you could just provide some clarity over there, is the deal size got 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 17 
smaller there or what has happened? That is question number one? The second question is again 
on the overall growth prospects of the industry. Amit, just wanted your perspective on the longer-
term growth prospects of this particular industry, while as an investor my expectation has been 
that the industry has a potential to sort of outpace IT Services Industry by a long way because 
we are at a nascent stage of accepting outsourcing in ER&D services, so does this 13 to 15% 
growth reflect the true potential of the industry or may be probably the growth rate could pick 
up post FY22 when the Covid related fears are over? 
Amit Chadha: 
Vimal, I will answer your questions, you have two different questions. On client metrics, Vimal, 
we follow last 12 months, if you look at the IR that we have released, it says clearly last 12 
months, so it takes into account the last 12 months, you know we had a very bad dip in Q1 of 
12.5% and therefore some of the clients went down plus if you remember we had two clients -  
one of them that walked away from the business, they were in and the second one that became 
a private equity owned and therefore they reverse-shored the work, etc., so all that is taken into 
account in that Q1. So, as you start seeing…next quarter when we come back, so the Q1 will be 
over. Q1 will no longer be considered, it will be Q2, Q3, Q4 and Q1 of FY22, you will see this 
metrics coming back up, please rest assured the company is divided as hunters and farmers in 
the company from a sales standpoint and delivery led growth with ADM, account delivery 
managers from a delivery standpoint and solution architects from our CTO standpoint, so we 
have done all those three and we are pushing all pedals to keep growing our accounts. So, I 
hopefully, last 12 months, averages will change, numbers will change, and the metrics will look 
better as we continue to talk to you in successive quarters, so that is as far as client metrics is 
concerned and there is an ability in engineering for accounts to be 30 million plus, to be 50 
million plus, I am confident of that. We have had a setback in Q1 of last year and we are working 
through it. That is one. 
Now, let me go to growth. From an industry standpoint and I am going to quote some numbers 
that Zinnov published recently in March, so for them the ER&D industry in 2019 was $1.49 
trillion. That number went down to $1.4 trillion because of the pandemic in 2020, so a 6% decline 
year-on-year. We are expecting that the engineering ER&D spend will jump close to $1.8 to $2 
trillion in the next 3 years. So, are we saying that the growth has tapered out? Absolutely not. 
We absolutely share your enthusiasm for this industry. Just that Covid has been a setback, we 
do believe knock on wood it should be behind us and infections in India should come down and 
we should go back to. We aspire to be at levels where we used to be at and the industry offers 
that opportunity. Now, if you ask me kind of work - digital engineering work is picking up and 
that is where we are picking up as well and there is legacy engineering work also coming in, so 
we are hopeful both of these will help us as we go forward, but we share your enthusiasm over 
the industry. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Amit, you are also hopeful of outpacing the industry because probably that is the whole mandate 
right, you are hopeful of outpacing the 13% number? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, if I look at my competition right now in terms of where, who fell, how much and it is not a 
good way to do it, but who fell, how much in the current fiscal year, our growth from an 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 17 
engineering standpoint has been, we have not fallen as bad as peers, we recovered faster than 
peers, because we have differentiated offerings, we have got five verticals, we have invested in 
labs, we have invested in patents, we have invested in our own platforms, so I do hope that we 
will come back, just give us some time and as we go forward, we have always looked at all of 
you for support, you have been very supportive, we look forward to making sure that we come 
back and we continue to perform. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Tayal from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Tayal: 
I have a couple of questions from my side. First one is, regarding the auto's vertical, you are 
mentioning that the demand has strong growth in the traditional as well as the new areas, I was 
wondering if you would view the growth prospects for this segment to overshoot the pre-Covid 
range over a period of time or should we think about the segment sort of going back to the 
original trajectory or the pre-Covid trajectory, that is one? And then, second just a follow-up on 
the delivery risks you were talking about, I mean the delivery risk part of it, is that just related 
to the health and associated disruption or should we also think of projects which are sensitive to 
let us say, an office location probably slowing down because employees potentially can't get to 
the office for a period of time? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, Kunal, number one, automotive, we definitely see growth happening in electric, autonomous, 
connected area and this is the clear are and let me take a minute on that and talk about it. When 
I talk about electric, autonomous, connected, it is not just that you will get, so the kind of work 
that you will get will be around the e-powertrain components and vehicle controls which is 
software and hardware work. You will get work on onboard energy management which again is 
hardware and software work, offboard energy management which again is hardware, software 
work. Then there is an EV chassis design, because the car itself is changing and the loading 
factor etc., is changing, so therefore the loads are changing, so therefore that will be the legacy 
work that will come in and finally connected and autonomous will also be a lot more software. 
So, there is software, hardware and mechanical, electrical work that will come in Auto. And not 
just in Auto. I should also add that if I look at T&OH or Trucks and Off-Highway, they want 
connected vehicles. They would like to have kind of safe environment where they can see a 
surround view of an object, do analytics properly, so they don’t at a construction site, the 
excavators, the boom cranes and all that don’t hurt people, so all that, so it is not just auto, it is 
T&OH and auto and I am hopeful at some point, the commercial air will come back and we will 
start talking about narrow body and start talking about alternative energy to an aircraft in a bigger 
way, the design cycles are of course much longer tenures now, so I do expect that to happen. So, 
I do expect and the deal wins that we have had plus I talked to some of you earlier last quarter 
that we had made investments to start working with the new age auto companies as well and that 
again is starting to see some color and proof for us coming in from California, so I do hope that 
all that put together will help us in improving in growth, in automotive, in T&OH, both of those 
and defense also we are getting contracts we have got ITAR centers in the US, so that should 
help us as we go forward. So, broad based, all the three sub-segments should fire and grow for 
us as far as Transportation is concerned. 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Now, let me address your second question which is delivery risk. I am going to say this and 
thanks again everybody on our call, management team has done this and Abhi specially along 
with our admin team, our HR team etc., 100% of LTTS employees are enabled to work from 
home, but 98% to 98.5% of the people can work from home, because about 1% to 2% population 
that needs to come to work. So, here is what we have done about it. We have actually created 
something called bio-bubbles, so in Bangalore, in Mysore, in Bombay, we have taken these small 
apartments where we are sending in sanitation crews, cleaning crews etc., there are people that 
stay there and they walk to work and go back, so we are trying to get around there. We have 
created home labs, so there are people that had bigger homes, etc., they have taken equipment 
home, they have set it up, we have kitted them with backup power, etc., so others can log into 
them and do it. Our IT teams and our admin teams, I would call them our warriors because they 
continue to go to work to make sure that the rest of the company is functioning. So, all that is 
there, but yes our delivery risk is not from people not being able to work, but actually the health 
part where people fall sick, and they cannot work, or a close relative is sick, and they have to 
take care of it. I mean these are times, where Kunal, the only words I have been repeatedly using 
and our whole management team uses is empathy. Our empathy and prayers are what we need 
right now to go out and that is what we are doing, but that is the risk that we see, it is not work 
from home enabled etc., because IT etc., we have learned whatever we had to with bio-bubbles 
and labs etc. that we have already done. So, we have done that. Abhi, anything I have missed 
that you would like to add to this? 
Abhishek Sinha: 
No, I think you have covered all, Amit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Couple of questions, first is about, just want to get sense about the leadership change with rejig 
after Pandaji retires, so if you can help us understand how the responsibility get realigned across 
different functions? Second question is about, do we see, now as we recover from pandemic, 
any change in spending pattern across segments? Any new kind of demand which you are 
witnessing, and which is accelerating your growth trajectory over medium term? And last 
question is about the amortization charges, now Orchestra acquisition, I thought it would be 
steady kind of number, we have seen some volatility, if you can provide some more details? 
Amit Chadha: 
I will take your spend leadership and spend pattern questions and I will request Rajeev to take 
the Orchestra Technology's question. So, from a leadership standpoint, as a lot of you are aware, 
I have worked for Dr. Panda for about 20 years now, two decades and I am thankful to the fact 
that he has trained me, coached me, mentored me through the journey. I have been in the 
company for about more than 11 years now, I played different roles, I started off as the Head of 
Sales for North America and then I picked on different responsibilities including being the Chief 
Sales Officer at one time along with running delivery and operations for a part of the company 
as well as I had the mandate to build up the digital offering for the company prior to Abhi joining 
the company. So, I have had experience through the functions, so I don’t know what I don’t 
know. That is the reality, but I think I have been trained well, "kitted well," we crossed one 
month yesterday, and we are so far stable. Second, the other CXOs in the company, the Chief 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Operating Officer who is on the call, CFO who is on the call, our CTO who is also on the call 
and CHRO, have been in the company for some time and we have been working as a true 
management, one management team to take things forward. There were some other changes that 
we had to make in the running of the company that we made while Dr. Panda was around, so we 
have made sure that we are good and stable. Only time will tell, but I am really excited at the 
opportunities have been provided by the board and with the coaching and mentoring I have 
received, I look forward to taking this forward to greater heights with the employee base that we 
have today and I am thankful to them for having their trust and faith and support. From a sales 
standpoint we have appointed last year, while we were going through the transition, we 
appointed a Chief Sales Officer for America and Asia and a Chief Business Officer for Europe 
and they work directly with me and the other Chief Business Officers work with these guys, so 
we are fairly stable from that standpoint as we see it today. In fact, some of the growth that we 
have had is because of the stability that we have been able to provide from that standpoint. 
Now, if I move on to spend patterns, spend patterns in the US in most of the segments are near 
pre-pandemic. It is not truly there, but it is near there. The optimism in the market is there. Every 
day, the moment infections keep going down, vaccination numbers keep going up, we see there 
is a lot of positiveness in the market. The Biden $2.1 trillion plan that he is talking about plus 
another $2 trillion, Europe is talking about their own plan in the range of about I guess about 1.8 
trillion euros, so all this is creating good sense in the US. Europe, however, if I may where we 
operate…so, Germany, UK, Sweden, Denmark are the areas we operate and then France and 
Netherlands. We are seeing a lot of positivity in people's mood, but it is not as much as the US, 
we expect it to come back. Japan and India, India of course was actually full-blown recovery till 
4 weeks ago. All engines fired, but more than business sentiment, I will say there is an emotional 
sentiment that is low. We as a management team are working very hard within our company to 
keep the morale of the company high. I thank the employees to keep the morale high, but that is 
there and Japan again has been kind of little soft because they are not very used to making 
decisions on video, so that is the part that we have, but I overall see spend patterns to be 
improving from last year and I am confident of the future. Rajeev, would you please take the OT 
question? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Sure Amit, so I think your question in terms of amortization in Q3 pertaining to OT, two parts 
to it, one there were certain intangible assets that were more near term that had to be written-off 
in Q3 that was more one-time. As far as the amortization, it continues even in Q4 and that will 
continue of course for a period of time. So that one-time amortization that we saw in Q3 that is 
the benefit you are seeing in Q4 and we already called out that is about 50 basis points of 
improvement that we are seeing in Q4 compared to Q3. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Pinku Pappan for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you for joining us on the call today. We hope we were able to answer most of your 
questions. If you have any follow up queries, please reach out to me on e-mail. Wishing you safe 
times. Good bye and have a great day. Thank you. 

L&T Technology Services  
Q4 FY21 Earnings Call
 
May 3, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
 
