 
VAIBHAV GLOBAL LIMITED 
 
E‐69, EPIP, Sitapura, Jaipur‐302022, Rajasthan, India • Phone: 91‐141‐2770648, Fax: 91‐141‐2770510 
 
Regd. Office: K‐6B, Fateh Tiba, Adarsh Nagar, Jaipur – 302004, Rajasthan, India • Phone: 91‐141‐2601020, Fax: 91‐141‐2605077 
CIN: L36911RJ1989PLC004945 • Email: investor_relations@vaibhavglobal.com • Website: www.vaibhavglobal.com 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: VGL/CS/2021/65      
 
 
 
 
      Date: 18th May, 2021 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Submission of transcript of conference call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
With reference to captioned subject, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Q4 & FY21 Earnings 
Conference Call held on Thursday, 13th May, 2021. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Truly, 
 
   For Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
 
   Sushil Sharma 
   Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, C‐1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra, Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: VAIBHAVGBL   
                          BSE Limited 
                          Phiroze JeejeeBhoy Towers, 
                          Dalal Street, 
                          Mumbai – 400 001 
                          Scrip Code: 532156 
  
SUSHIL 
SHARM
A
Digitally signed 
by SUSHIL 
SHARMA 
Date: 
2021.05.18 
23:34:07 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
CIN: L36911RJ1989PLC004945 
Regd. Off.: K-6B, Fateh Tiba, Adarsh Nagar, Jaipur – 302004 
Phone: 91-141-2601020; Fax: 91-141-2605077 
Email: investor_relations@vaibhavglobal.com; Website: www.vaibhavglobal.com  
Q4 & FY21 Earnings Conference Call 
May 13, 2021 
 
 
 
Karl Kolah: 
Good evening everyone. Welcome to Vaibhav Global Ltd.’s earnings conference call 
for the quarter and year ended March 31st, 2021. Today we have Mr. Sunil Agrawal 
– Managing Director, Mr. Vineet Ganeriwala – Group CFO and Ms. Dipti Rajput – 
Head Investor Relations.  
We will begin the call with open remarks by Mr. Sunil Agrawal on the business 
operations, key initiatives and broad outlook followed by a discussion on the financial 
performance by Mr. Vineet Ganeriwala. Following the management’s opening 
comments we will open the forum for a Q&A session. 
Before we get started, I would like to point out that some statements made or 
discussed on today's call maybe forward looking in nature and must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties to be faced by the company. A detailed 
statement and explanation of these risks is included in the earnings presentation 
which has been shared with you all earlier. The company does not undertake to 
update these forward-looking statements publicly. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Sunil Agrawal to make his opening remarks. Over to 
you Sunil. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you Karl. Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Vaibhav 
Global’s Q4 and FY21 Earning Call. Before we begin, I hope all of you are keeping 
safe and healthy given the current rise of infections in India from ongoing pandemic. 
We at VGL have ensured that all our worldwide employees remain safe from 
infection. Stringent precautionary protocols are being followed across all our facilities 
and offices. In addition to our effort to keep everyone safe, we are helping and 
encouraging all our employees to get vaccinated. Times like these are opportunities 
to innovate our business model and offering to our consumers. 
The pandemic has accelerated digital adoption significantly over last year. Customer 
requirements of product mix also changed. With our agile sourcing and omni-channel 
retailing capability we are well placed to leverage such shifts in demand pattern and 
scale out rapidly. With another strong quarter in Q4 we closed last financial year on 
a successful note and positive momentum. Retail revenues, EBITDA and PAT grew 
at robust 33%, 41% and 41% respectively on YOY basis. Similarly, FY21 retail 
revenues, EBITDA and PAT grew at a robust 31%, 40% and 43% given by consistent 
performance in each of the four quarters during the year. Gross margins have 
remained stable even though the product mix continue to diversify with higher 
contribution from non-jewellery segments. Operating leverage have expanded 
EBITDA margins once again now standing at 15% in FY21 from just about 7%, 5 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
years ago. Cash flows and return ratios continue to expand as our operations 
remained steadily accretive. ROE and ROCE came in at 32% at 61% respectively 
on trailing twelve-month basis once again delivering consistent expansion on FY21 
similar to last 5 years. Operating cash flows have improved to Rs. 324 crore and free 
cash flows came in at Rs. 268 crore for FY21.  
We have recommended a final divined of Rs. 1.5 per share of face value of Rs. 2 
each. Besides interim dividend of Rs. 17.5 per share of face value of Rs. 10 each  
were  declared and paid to shareholder in FY21 so far. Despite these pay-outs cash 
balance on the balance sheet has now increased to Rs. 468 crore.  
By remaining closely aligned to the needs of our customers and adapting to their 
change in demand pattern during current COVID pandemic we deeply connected 
with our target markets and onboarded a large number of new customers. 
Our retail customers grew 38% last year to cross half a million mark, a significant 
milestone for VGL. As you know our business model is well-integrated vertically and 
we have a robust sourcing infrastructure spread across 20 countries. The efficient 
mechanism allows us flexibility in supply chain, cutting down time to market and 
helping us diversify and expand our product offerings to our customer base in US 
and UK. In recent months we successfully sourced products needed by our retail 
customers from different countries well maneuvering around lockdowns and 
bottlenecks. In this period, we introduced essential product ranges and several 
adjacent product categories that have allowed deeper connect with our target 
segments in this difficult period. We deliver products at price competitive ASPs while 
earning gross margins were higher than larger sized peers. This sharp sourcing 
capability is a key differentiator for VGL, allowing market and wallet share gains, 
longer customer retention and expanding lifetime values from growing number of 
customers in two of the world's largest consumption markets of USA and UK. Our 
business is highly technology driven; we therefore lay a lot of emphasis on bringing 
best technologies for our business. Toward this end we have invested in various 
initiatives like wallet integration, new world-class ERP, product personalization, AI 
application for various processes, market automation and warehouse robotics.  
I will now take you through some of the key developments during Q4 FY21: 
Shoppers in USA added international marketplaces like Amazon and Walmart 
Canada to its cluster. Walmart fulfilment services have been rolled out and 
advertising has been ramped up on Amazon and eBay. We made a major upgrade 
to our ShopLC, local OTT app and converted direct TV broadcast to full SD to across 
approximately 15 million homes. At shop TJC we launched a new channel TJC 
Beauty which focuses on offering beauty products while providing expert viewers 
expert reviews and trends in beauty market. The channel is based on a simple 
philosophy that ‘Beauty is for everyone’. 
We recently announced setting up of a 100% subsidiary in Germany that is ShopLC 
GmbH. Germany would be third country after US and UK where we will be expanding 
our omni-channel network of TV and web. Germany is Europe’s largest home-
shopping market with 38 million TV homes. We are excited about the opportunity this 
market offers. We are preparing for the rollout and expect to go live there in this H1. 
Supported by our value positioning, vertically integrated supply chain, agility and lean 
cost structure we are confident of breaking even in Germany within 3 years of launch. 
During the FY22 in our Germany operations we expect to incur a CAPEX of about 
$2 million and being the first year of operation will incur operating loss between $3 
to $5 million. 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Moving on to engagement framework that drives our business model, the four Rs 
which are Reach, Registrations, Retention and Repeat purchases. Keeping track of 
these business drivers help us continue our rapid growth. The reach of TV network 
was about 104 million TV homes as at the end of Q4 FY21 as compared to 99 million 
homes as of Q4 FY20. Our digital marketplace reaches also continued to expand. 
New registrations on TTM  basis came in at 3.4 lakh compared to 1.8 lakh in same 
period last year. Customer registrations expanded very fast pace over last year due 
to pandemic. As of the end of FY21 we registered an average purchase of 27 pieces 
on TTM basis by our customers as compared 30 pieces in March 2020. The decline 
was mainly due to  large denominator of new customer. Our customer retention rates 
stood at 51.5% on TTM basis which was higher than 50% of last year.  
I'm happy to share that Vaibhav Global Limited has moved up to 65th rank in the 
Fortune India’s Next 500 list from 122nd place last year and 219th place in 2017.  
This demonstrates our consistent progress and improvements achieved as an 
organization. We are confident of making continued progress in the coming years as 
well. At VGL we bring inordinate attention to training and development of our team 
members. Towards this end our employees attended total of 73,000 hours of formal 
training and learning, an average of about 50 hours per employee in FY21. Such 
training prepares our team to excel in their current roles and become ready for next 
steps of their career  at VGL. This allows us to minimize outside hires from middle 
and senior roles and highly boost the chances of their success in the current and 
future roles. VGL’s India, US, UK and China are now Great Places to Work certified 
companies. 
Giving back to the society is a philosophy we strongly believe in. Our flagship meal 
program, the one for one now have been renamed ‘your purchase feeds’. Under this 
program we have now reached a significant milestone of serving 50 million meals to 
underprivileged children in India, US and UK over the last six years. 
To conclude, I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to the entire VGL team 
who worked hard to make the business as robust and high growth as it is today to  
our vendors for their constant support, particularly in these unpredictable times and 
to our community partners who give purpose to what we do every day. We exceeded 
our guidance of 21% to 23% constant currency revenue growth for FY21. For the 
current financial year, we see 16% to 18% retail revenue growth in constant currency 
in our old geographies of US and UK on elevated base of FY21. For medium term of 
next 2 to 4 years we are confident 15% to 17% growth in these two geographies. We 
also expect to continue to generate operating leverage in the old geographies of US 
and UK with continued cash accretion. 
With that I now handover the forum to Vineet to discuss financial performance for the 
period under review.  
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Thank you Sunil. Good evening everyone and welcome to Vaibhav Global’s quarterly 
earnings call. I hope that you and your loved ones are all safe and keeping well. 
I will now take you all through our financial performance for the quarter ended and 
year ended 31st March 2021 in greater detail. Q4 has been another quarter of 
financial strength for the company. Revenues stood at Rs. 666 crore, growing by 
34% year-on-year. Retail revenues witnessed robust growth of 33% year-on-year 
and came in at Rs. 659 crore. Both our geographies of US and UK grew at healthy 
levels contributing to the growth. While ShopLC registered a growth of 28.7% year-
on-year Shop TJC grew at 34.7% year-on-year. 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
In FY21 our overall revenue grew by 27.9% to Rs. 2540 crore while retail revenue 
increased by 31.1% to Rs. 2515 crore. In local currency terms ShopLC US recorded 
a growth of 22.2% for the full year and Shop TJC UK grew by 31.6% year-on-year.  
TV revenues have grown by 27.9% year-on-year to Rs. 417 crore and net revenues 
have grown 43.2% year-on-year to Rs. 242 crore during Q4. For FY21 while TV 
revenues grew by 24.9% year-on-year to Rs. 1,606 crore, web revenues continues 
to accelerate by 43.6% year-on-year to Rs. 909 crore. During FY21 there has been 
a sharp uptake in TV based revenues as well as web revenues which  grew by 43.2% 
in Q4 and 43.6% in FY21. TV contributes to about 64% of overall retail revenue with 
the rest coming from the web segment. TV includes conventional TV and free to air 
channels on OTA platforms while web includes online purchase on our proprietary 
website and shopping apps apart from popular marketplaces and social commerce.  
We continue to cross promote our channels to further strengthen our omni-channel 
sales model. It is clear that non-conventional shopping platforms are gaining ground 
rapidly more so since the pandemic started spreading last year. Within the given 
framework we continue to gain market share on the back of our differentiated 
strengths.  
In FYI 21 the contribution to revenue from non-jewellery products came in at 31%, 
significantly higher than 22% last year. The non-jewellery product segment includes 
fashion accessories, lifestyle and essential products. Budget pay is a unique offering 
that we provide to our customers. It allows them to buy products on EMI basis and 
is a value feature for buyers. For FY21 contribution from budget pay revenue came 
in at 36%. 
 Gross margin came in at 61.2% in Q4 and 62.3% in FY21. Through various stages 
of the business cycle and across a growing range of products, we have constantly 
clocked gross margins above 60%.  
As Sunil indicated earlier, our diversified and value centric supply chain enables us 
to source products and materials at lower prices from micro markets in each 
geography. It also allows for a shortened turnaround time to get new products to our 
customer's doorsteps. All these factors contribute to our robust gross margins. 
EBITDA margin came in at 12.8% in Q4 growing by 70 basis points year-on-year. 
For FY21 EBITDA margin stood at 15.3% having grown by 140 basis points year-
on-year. This expansion is driven by operating leverage of existing organizational 
capabilities. PAT for the quarter stood at Rs. 56 core, up by 41.4% year-on-year and 
Rs. 272 crore for FY21 registering a growth of 43% year-on-year. 
Our business is CAPEX light and supports strong cash accretion and conversion 
from operating profits. Operating cashflow came in at Rs. 324 crore and free 
cashflow came in at Rs. 268 crore as at end of FY21. Cash in hand, net off debts 
was 377 crore as of close of Q4. On a TTM basis ROCE and ROE were at 61% and 
32% respectively and have grown significantly and consistently over the last 5 years. 
During FY21 CAPEX of Rs. 56 crore was incurred, mainly for investments in newly 
commissioned 
solar 
power 
projects, 
studio 
improvements 
warehouse 
improvements, ERP, mobile upgrades and website upgrades.  
We remain focused on maintaining balance sheet strength with the framework to 
invest for future growth in a prudent manner. Our recently launched initiatives 
Vaibhav Vistar and Vaibhav Lifestyle Limited are in synch with this ideology and will 
prove to be value accretive. The board has recommended a dividend of Rs. 1.50 per 
share, face-value of Rs. 2 each. Besides interim dividend of Rs. 17.50 per share face 
value of Rs. 10 each were declared and paid to shareholders in FY21. This remains 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
in line with our policy of distributing 20% to 30% of consolidated free cash flow as 
dividends.  
To conclude, I would like to reiterate that we have proven our resilience and efficacy 
of our business model by sustaining our growth momentum in a tough operating 
period. We are now focused on delivering healthy results on the back of our 
organizational strength. With this we aim to deliver joy to all of our stakeholders on 
an ongoing basis. With that I conclude my opening remarks and request the operator 
to open the forum for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I have a few observations. One, our model was supposed to generate the operating 
leverage from a certain expense line. I'm fairly happy with the extent of revenue 
growth but when we look at the operating leverage part some of the expenses that 
we see have also grown largely in tandem with the sales growth, so do you have any 
comments there in terms of some of the expense lines what is happening?  
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
So, we continue to deliver operating leverage. Our EBITDA margin in Q4 have 
expanded by 70 basis points YoY,  12.8% from 12.1% as of Q4 last year. So, 
expenses have increased but their rate of increase is lower than revenue and we 
continue to see operating leverage quarter after quarter, year after year. In this 
particular quarter, a thing to point out for these Q4 numbers, these EBITDA margins 
are also after two exception payments, one of COVID bonus pay-out which we did 
in that quarter to reward our employees as a gratitude for their efforts throughout the 
pandemic. And also, some initial OPEX on the Germany company set up, etc. So, if 
we exclude these exception items, EBITDA margin for the quarter stands at 13.1%, 
up by 100 basis points from Q4 of last year hence we continue to see operating 
leverage.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Are you seeing even a double-digit inflation in your TV carriage cost? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
So, what you see as a content and broadcasting expenditure in the P&L like in the 
financials includes our carriage cost,  web marketing and web IT. It is including these 
three expenditures which is increasing by about 14% year-on-year. If we look at pure 
carriage cost out of that it is increasing by about 3% year-on-year. So, it’s sort of 
flattish and still delivers a lot of operating leverage. The other area of web IT and 
web marketing is a continued area of investment for us, and we continue to do that.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
My second question is, you had said the press release about launching in separate 
channels for beauty, beauty products? Any reason for launching it separately and 
maybe not within our current platform and when these both channels go operational 
let's say the beauty in US and the separate channel in Germany, what kind of 
operational EBITDA, OPEX or loss that we would see over the next couple of years? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
The separate beauty channel is only for 4 hours a day compared to 24 hours of the 
new channel and as we have seen more the hours we can expand, more the revenue 
we can get as long as we can merchandize that effectively. So, that is towards that 
end and as beauty channel starts to become a more scalable with more customers 
coming in, we will expand the time from 4 hours to 8 hours and then 12 hours. From 
Germany point of view, I already gave a guidance.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sunil I could not catch your first answer as to why a separate channel? 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Because we have only 24 hours available to us on a particular channel, having 
additional channel gives us additional window to reach our customers. The beauty 
channel is live for only 4 hours right now. We will expand that to 8 or 12 hours as it 
becomes profitable and scales up. As for Germany is concerned as I mentioned in 
my opening remarks, the first-year operating losses, we expect from there between 
$3 to $5 million and we expect it to become profitable within 3 years of launch. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Will you incur any operating loss on the beauty channel? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
No, beauty channel, we are already profitable. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from Sameeksha Capital. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Couple of observations on the realization. If I look at our web realization versus TV 
realizations for past few quarters, we have seen a steady upward growth for web 
versus TV. Any thoughts on why that is happening? Is it because of the mix or 
something? If you can provide more color? And second is on the inventory side. We 
did a very decent job in containing inventory below 70 days in FY21. Any particular 
reason and how should we look at the inventory that is going forward?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
From our ASP is concerned, we go with what customer pulls. Given a choice, we 
want to be substantially lower than our competitor, but we look at what the customer 
is pulling. Within our web segment the clearance and rising auctions, those segments 
pulled a little bit higher ASPs for us and also for TV we will move within a range and 
if the customer is pulling higher price points, we will give that particular product to 
them within range. We want to be completely differented in the market, being lower 
than our competitor. Next question was about inventory. We want to be very prudent 
in our inventory management. We continue to optimize the forward cover days of 
inventory. And even for current financial year; we don't expect it to grow in line with 
the revenue growth targets that we have given. It will be lower growth than that. We 
are not giving specific targets for that but there will be a leverage from that point of 
view in current financial year as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from Kedia Securities. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
I would request you to please provide more color on our investments in Germany, 
how much investment we have made? What's our target investment in the current 
year? When are we going to launch our TV channel in Germany? How are you going 
to progress over there and also you can speak about your strategy in Canada? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Sure Vikrant. From Germany point of view, we expect to invest just about $2 million 
in CAPEX, and we have already launched digitally so we can buy today if you want 
on the digital platform. On the TV side, we will launch within this H1 as I guided and 
from the operating, from the sales revenue point from the 16% to 18% retail revenue 
growth, guidance that we have given for constant currency terms was only for US 
and UK. Germany, the revenue will be in addition to that growth. This is first year, 
we are not giving a revenue guidance on that yet because we don't know exactly 
when we will launch this, we will launch within this H1, but we don’t know exact date. 
Giving you guidance of revenue at this time is too early. From losses point of view, 
operating losses for first year, anywhere between $3 to $5 million for this financial 
year.  
Vikrant Kashyap: 
When you talk about a launch on digital so are we launching our own website or 
currently we have launched through other platforms? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Our own website. Its already launched. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
We have launched our website? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
You can visit shoplc.de 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
And your comments on Canada. How are we going to proceed over there? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Canada we don't have a separate channel. We just have a shipping facility from our 
US channel for our Canadian customers buying online; we do not yet have a live TV 
broadcast into Canada. We are exploring various options for taking Live TV feed but 
right now it is online buying that our viewers in Canada can do. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Are we are planning to launch TV channel within this year, or it may be later? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
We don't have any plan for launching a separate TV broadcast in Canada at this 
time. This is only TV from US broadcasting into Canada. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Coming back to Germany, what will be our sourcing plan? It will be similar to what 
we have, or do we have different strategy? And are we going to put on our 
warehouses and is this cost included in the 2 million CAPEX? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes so we have already contracted with various TV providers, cable companies, 
satellite companies and we will launch within this half and it will be a separate feed, 
separate team, complete separate operation in Germany.  
Vikrant Kashyap: 
And on sourcing strategy? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, if you see sourcing will be from our own vertical supply chain from India, 
Thailand, China, Bali and other 16 countries that we have our supply chain footprint. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Focus will be similar, like most on the jewellery and then later on non-jewellery?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anil Sarin from Centrum Wealth Management.  
Anil Sarin: 
First there was an observation that television growth has speeded up in US. This is 
contrary to the expectation where people say people are not watching TV and web 
is growing faster but somehow last year, your TV penetration has gone up quite 
sharply versus the trend of the previous few years in television in America. Any 
comments you have on that?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
TV, when we look at our TV penetration is just about $3 per home compared to say 
QVC where they are at $60 per home. So, $60 is of TV and web all together. Our TV 
and web together is just about $3 per home. So, TV itself has tremendous potential 
for us. Now there's a noise about cord cutting and that is correct, but while cable and 
satellite are losing homes but when you look at OTA as I mentioned earlier in my 
comment; OTA homes are growing about 3% to 4% every year. OTA is a local 
broadcast where people consume feed through single roof antenna and that is digital 
and much different today than it was 10-20 years ago. You can get digital programs 
free and with a better broadcast on many cable or satellite. So, that segment for us 
is growing very rapidly. Even on cable and satellite, per home revenue further is 
growing because of our better programming, product mix, better selling, co-hosting 
and lot of learning that we have done over the years will be applying. So, we have a 
lot of runway in front of us, even within TV segment. 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Anil Sarin: 
It's really good that you have opened up another front in Germany. Hopefully in a 
few years Japan should follow as you had mentioned in your earlier call some time 
ago. That's again very complimentary. However, when I see your, on your digital 
front though you have been proactive in chasing all the social marketing, social 
commerce etc. but when I see your followers on Instagram etc. that's not something 
very large. There are singers, there are other people who have like many times the 
kind of followers which you have. Is there some scope for improvement over there 
or is this by design? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
We have a certain investment philosophy from digital point of view and that 
philosophy is what drives us. Our philosophy is that we make the investment in a 
method that is not dilutive to our overall business and we have operating leverage to 
the business. We have made certain investments last quarter, and we will continue 
to grow the investments in coming period as well and with that, will continue to grow 
our following in Facebook as well as Instagram and besides these social platforms, 
we are also doing through marketplaces as well and we have seen significant growth 
in marketplaces in the last financial year. All in all, our growth in digital will continue 
to out pace our TV growth in financial year ‘22 and even beyond.  
Anil Sarin: 
In terms of delivery and you had a plan to shorten the delivery time both in US as 
well as UK. So, if you can give us a status update on that?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
UK we have significantly reduced our delivery time, especially with TJC Plus which 
is similar to Amazon Prime. Our delivery time is approximately 24 hours from the 
period of dispatch. Whereas in US, during the pandemic there was a lot of bottleneck 
from shipping companies and there was a delay. With that we have not been able to 
shorten delivery time in the US. In some portions like in Texas and Oklahoma our 
delivery times have shorten to just about 1.5 days compared to 5 days earlier 
because we have made some agreement with different carriers. In different parts of 
US, we are negotiating or talking to different carriers to reduce our delivery time from 
current 4.8 days down to 3.4 days. In financial year ‘22, we hope to see our delivery 
time in the US to reach by about 1.5 days as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhaval Dama from Motilal Oswal AMC.  
Dhaval Dama: 
Just wanted to understand now like you mentioned that Germany next year, there 
could be some OPEX losses that we could incur, and you are talking about 
breakeven also happening in a couple of years’ time? Would it be fair to assume that 
even with a higher revenue growth at a company level, we might not see the 
expected operating leverage or are we missing anything on that account? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
We will see operating leverage in US and UK as I mentioned in my opening remarks. 
Whereas in Germany, its initial losses will be diluting in the coming to 2 or 3 years. 
We are hoping that overall, in the company, we will see be at the revenue growth, 
but we will be at least, that will be our endevor but Germany is still very new. We are 
not giving overall operating leverage guidance as of now. But definitely within US 
and UK we will have operating leverage. 
Dhaval Dama: 
Now, if you look at it during the current year, obviously online channel has done well 
for most of the players globally also because of the current situation. Now with US 
and UK vaccinations and everything is picking up faster as compared to the rest of 
the world; do you see that there could be some slowdown in terms of growth over 
there? Or how do you see that channel panning out over the next couple of years?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
Dhaval for the current quarter, we are just about 6 weeks into the quarter. We are 
continuing to see a elevated growth of similar to last year but given that the economy 
will open up in US or UK, we are giving our guidance for 16% to 18% which is even 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
higher than earlier guidance given in last quarter which was at 15% to 17%. We have 
upped it a little bit, but we are confident on achieving 16% to 18% guidance on growth 
from US and UK on constant currency basis in current financial year, even 
accounting for opening up of these countries.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Runjhun Jain from Nirmal Bang.  
Runjhun Jain: 
Just one-two clarifications. The debt we have seen that has increased from 
September as well as from the March last year despite your holding cash. Any reason 
why we are carrying, the debt has increased during this last 6 months?  
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Runjhun, debt from last year has increased on account of a PPP loan. We were 
eligible for a Paycheck Protection Program loan in US, and we have taken that loan. 
That's about $4.8 million which is right now standing as a loan in the books of 
accounts. We have already filed our application for forgiveness as per the rules of 
the scheme, but we have not yet got audited for that and hence we are right now 
showing it as a loan. That's the primary reason, you see an increase of borrowings 
from last year versus this year. As for quarter-on-quarter, the working capital limit it's 
largely of India unit, which is a sourcing and supplying unit to the US and UK 
channels. The working capital requirement varies from quarter-to-quarter, depending 
on the orders and the production plan for the quarter. 
Runjhun Jain: 
I didn't get that point your there saying that the loan you have taken in US. So, you 
applied for what? Sorry I missed that. 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
US had program rolled out called PPP, Paycheck Protection Program. This was one 
of the schemes during the pandemic in which many micro-enterprises and medium 
enterprises, the government has offered loans, which were later to be forgiven. We 
were eligible to take that. We had taken that loan of $4 million, that is standing as 
well borrowing in our balance sheet right now. We have already submitted the 
application for forgiveness but there is a process to it. The SBA-US, they will have it 
audited and see our compliance to all the conditions and accordingly they will grant 
the forgiveness. The amount was $4.8 million and not 4 million to be precise. We are 
not yet audited. We have filed the application for forgiveness. Once it is approved, it 
will be taken as a grant in our books till then it is standing as a borrowing. 
Runjhun Jain: 
You were talking about that there is a one-time bonus you have given to the 
employees during the quarter for the COVID. Is it possible for you to quantify that 
amount?  
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
That's about Rs. 1.3 crore.  
Runjhun Jain: 
Is there any one-off in the other income because that it looks little higher on this 
quarter? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
There is no one-off but yes FOREX  gain is sitting in that other income so that has 
increased.  
Runjhun Jain: 
About the Germany what you are saying is that right now you have launched that 
digital platform under website of your own and you have probably invested around 
$3 million for the same and you would be launching in the first half your TV launch, 
you are planning to do that in first half. What kind of investment you are looking for 
that platform?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
Total investment in this financial year in Germany will be about $2 million. The 
CAPEX investment, including the website, including the TV, the new offices and new 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
studio we are building. All put together will be about $2 million in this financial year. 
But operating losses we’ll take in first year due to scaling up that is required for this 
kind of business will be between $3 to $5 million. So, that will be diluted to the overall 
earning but as I mentioned we will have 16% to 18% revenue growth on the top of 
our highlighted growth of FY21 with operating leverage from the US and UK. We are 
hoping that that operating leverage will be sufficient to offset the diluted effect on 
Germany and overall revenue basis we will not be diluting but will have leverage or 
at least at similar growth as the top line revenue. Now top line revenue 16% to 18% 
is only US-UK, Germany will be added to that in the top line moving in overall. When 
we say 16% to 18% for US-UK plus Germany revenue would be top line revenue 
growth and the bottom line, we are hopeful, will at least stay in line with the total 
revenue growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Joglekar from Ambit Capital. 
Yash Joglekar: 
During the fiscal year we have acquired an intangible asset of worth Rs. 26 crore. 
What exactly is this intangible asset acquired for if you could just shed some light on 
that?  
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Intangible assets include basically all software, so we rolled out our ERP across all 
the geographies. That is sitting into it because besides our US website, we are 
moving from SAP-Hybris to Salesforce, a part of that expenditure and also all the 
mobile app developments etc. which Sunil also mentioned in his opening remarks. 
All these are forming part of that intangible assets under development. 
Yash Joglekar: 
 And that has been reflected in the intangible WIP line item? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
That's right.  
Yash Joglekar: 
Also, if we see the other expense as a line item for the fiscal year, there has been 
roughly around 37% year-on-year increase. Where exactly is Vaibhav Global 
incurring these expenses? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Other expenditure would largely include all these SG&A expenditure. Again 40% to 
45% of total opex costs are variable in nature or semi variable, if I may call it that 
way and there is 50% to 55% expenditures are fixed in nature. Variable would 
include, shipping expenditures, vary with respect to revenue. In fact, right now we 
are investing in faster shipping delivery hence they are increasing at a slightly faster 
rate. The fixed expenditures would include kind of airtime broadcasting and those 
kinds of expenditures. 
Yash Joglekar: 
Are we spending a bit more on the advertisement part or something like that, is it 
right to infer that way?  
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
We are spending more on shipping so shipping right now is increasing at a rate of 
about 60% year-on-year. So, that's a higher spend. We are investing in faster 
shipping and we want to continue going that route as Sunil also mentioned. Our 
levels of rest of the variable expenditure in terms of credit card etc. are pretty much 
in line with the revenue growth. We are able to save a bit in call centre. Web 
marketing growth and web IT expenditure are also increasing in line with our 
company's strategy. Overall put together so web marketing, web IT and shipping are 
increasing in line with our growth strategies and airtime which is the carriage cost, 
broadcasting costs is more or less a stable kind of an expenditure right now. Other 
G&A costs are actually flattish year-on-year.  

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Yash Joglekar: 
It seemed that you mentioned that you guys are shifting your software from Hybris 
to some Salesforce, is that right?  
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
That’s right. 
Yash Joglekar: 
So, will we again experience some problems in the customer experience part like we 
experienced in FY16-17? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Within stream and in fact FY15-16, we had experienced some difficulty, but our IT 
team is of much higher calibre with lot of experience. We also made substantial 
investment to make sure that our customers and our company do not face any such 
issues. In all our expectation that we have overplay, we don't expect any disruption 
in the customer experience and our revenue growth. 
Yash Joglekar: 
The second question was regarding the Germany expansion. What sort of 
competition space is currently prevalent over there like, is it somewhat similar to US-
UK? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, very similar to US and UK. Similar players are present there. Two major players 
of about $1 billion each, QVC and HSE and a few smaller players. Very similar to 
US, I would say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ram Modi from Prabhudas Lilladher.  
Ram Modi: 
I just wanted to ask… it’s more of a strategic question. Sunil if we continue to grow 
at almost 13% to 15% CAGR. What kind of operating leverage can we can expect 
over next 4 to 5 years? Germany may come in 2 years-3 years, but what would be, 
if we are looking at currently at around 15% margins. What would be our aspirational 
margin in this?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
We don't give guidance on operating leverage but we constantly because the reason 
is we are still treating ourselves as a start-up in those markets and we constantly 
look at the investment opportunities available to us. So, we make investments in a 
way that they will continue to grow double digits. At least guidance that we have 
given and higher than that. We make the investments but while keeping the operating 
leverage continued for foreseeable future. So, we are not giving big guidance from 
that. You will continue to see those leverages coming in.  
Ram Modi: 
Should we, kind of build in at least some leverage over next 2-3 years so that as we 
grow in scale that will definitely get reflected in margins? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Correct. That is what our expectation is. 
Ram Modi: 
Sunil, another question was, we used to mention Japan, we have started on 
Germany and just wanted to check on, where are we? We had thought Japan is a 
next new market. Where are we on Japan? And third is another question was on 
even in US how do we move on the upper ladder of the channel where we can get a 
higher strike rate? That was also one of the strategies. Where are we on that?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
Ram, for Japan, we are already showing on their marketplace like Rakuten in local 
markets. So, we are still understanding that market and we will continue that 
understanding for some time till we get the confidence whether this is the right time 
for us to go. Also, we don't want to go till Germany fully stabilizes. While Germany 
stabilizes and we are confident we are sitting on the right growth path then we will 
open new front. Coming to your question about which is lower position in UK. So, 
Anil for the question I have the answer that we have a lot of potential within those TV 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
platforms that we are in and we also have tremendous potential in OTA that is Over 
the Air through antenna. So, there is about 20.3 million homes right now. We are in 
just about 1.5 million homes there out of 20 million homes and those channel 
positions typically give about 5 to 10 times per home revenue than the regular 
channel would be having. We are constantly exploring, expanding in that space and 
given the right opportunity available to us, will continue to expand. There's a 
tremendous potential for us to expand in that space.  
Ram Modi: 
Any regional investments is required on this OTA or what kind of, will it be part of our 
normal CAPEX. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
It is part of our normal OPEX, there is no CAPEX there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jai Tejwani from AQF Advisors.  
Jai Tejwani: 
Can you give us some update on our demographics specifically since you have been 
investing in social media and influence our marketing. Are we trending younger?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, Jay for the web customers we are slightly younger than our TV customers, there 
is no doubt. However, when we target our web customers, we try to target 40+ 
demographic female, 40+ demographic mainly because our product merchandizing 
across our entire supply chain is geared toward that demographic and why we are 
focusing on that also, besides being a manufacturing side? Because we believe that 
the 40+ demographic in both US and UK and Germany as well has much more 
disposable income than the younger demographics. As per the data 62% of 
disposable income of US is with 50+ demographics and they have  time in their hand 
and they have disposable income and that is a demographic we try to address as 
much as possible. But because of the nature of the platform, that platform has 
younger audience than our TV audience. Not by much but about 8 to 10 years 
younger than our TV.  
Jai Tejwani: 
My next question is on our repeat purchases. As I see sequentially it’s pretty much 
flat. Can you update us on what's your strategy to increase this? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Repeat has gone down, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. So, for Q4 FY21 we 
were at 27 compared to 30 of Q4 FY20. It has gone down mainly because we had 
really high growth of unique customers. Now unique customers because some were 
pandemic, and some were digital marketing driven and some were OTA and OTT 
platform driven. Because of that this trend is fallen. Now as we continue to increase 
our digital customers so this repeat may go slightly even lower in the coming years. 
But the new customer acquisition will be very high to continue our overall revenue 
growth rate of 16% to 18% for this financial year and 15% to 17% in constant 
currency basis for US and UK for coming mid-term 2 to 4 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investments.  
Bharat Shah: 
Just one clarification on the Germany foray. In the first year we expect operating loss 
of 3 to 5 million and what is the picture ahead thereafter? I mean how are we looking 
at that?  
Sunil Agrawal: 
We expect to become profitable within 3 years. First year we expect because this 
will be first financial year for us and by the third financial year, we will be profitable 
in that market. This is our projection right now. 
Bharat Shah: 
Which means even the second year would have operating losses as well.  

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, we expect second year to continue to see operating losses but of the lower 
degree than the first year. 
Bharat Shah: 
Third year in itself hopefully may breakeven or recover something from the previous 
2-year losses. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
That is correct.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Shah from Envision Capital.  
Nilesh Shah: 
My questions are in continuation to Germany. I just want to try and understand that, 
given that it's already a $2 billion market and a very large universe of home shoppers, 
any thoughts in terms of by when would Germany catch up with what UK is today? I 
know of course you've just forayed into Germany, but UK be doing currently about a 
$100 million of revenues roughly Rs. 700 odd crore. Any thoughts in terms of when 
do you think we should be able to kind of get to a number like that and second is by 
when do you think Germany's margins would kind of in a way catch up with the 
blended margins of the company or the firm as a whole? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, Germany is very new for us to give this future guidance for now. Once we have 
more traction and we have drawn up the numbers internally, but it is still too early to 
give a guidance on that. But German market as such is better than UK, so down the 
road we expect Germany to catch up with UK. UK will continue to grow as I have 
given the guidance and how far Germany can paddle to reach up to that or even 
exceed that it is still early to give the guidance. The market potential is quite high. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia Capital. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
I wanted some understanding about the way you go about managing your inventory, 
see what is the right metric to basically understand because you will have lot of 
SKU’s and then there will be a slow-moving element to it, there will be an obsolete 
element to it and it's a big investment. If you look at your balance sheet has significant 
amount of money is invested in the inventory. So, how does one understand this 
piece of the business? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, we have very robust process internally for managing the inventory. We look at 
inventory from forward cover basis and aging basis and we have very aggressive 
aging cadence. So, anything over 90 days we considered aging, and we have KPIs 
of how much aging we can have at each unit. Compared to other retailers some 
retailers consider 180 days as aging, some considered as one year as aging. But 
internally we have 90 days to 180 days aging provision we take, 180 days to one 
year we take certain provision and one year old we take a very high provision. So, 
that incentivizes our teams to get the inventory out of the door as soon as possible. 
From overall inventory perspective, we have the forward cover as a basis for our 
inventory and we track every week. How much forward cover do we have at each 
unit and we try to stay given those forward cover basis with respective units. Even 
supply chain also we have forward cover basis and even on front end units we have 
forward cover basis. So, there is a lot of attention on managing our inventory at each 
unit because we believe the inventory while it is useful for growth of the business, 
has a high cost of management and can have value to impact on the business. We 
also have clearance of mechanism built into our business model through our rising 
auction as well as clearance cadence in the group. So, we have over a year we have 
five clearances that are built in during the year and every day we have a rising 
auction, and we sell in about 3000 to 5000 pieces every day we sell in US and about 
1000 pieces or so in UK, there all the tails left or any slow moving we put it on $1 or 
£1 and no reserve. So, people bid against each other and wherever its highest bidder 
at close we give it to the customer. So, that constantly clears some inventory at a 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
rapid rate, and this is important given that we have about 150 new products coming 
in everyday at our retail units. So, this clearance mechanism  is a unique feature to 
us that keeps our inventory clean and in a good shape constantly. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Could you just explain as to what did you mean by this forward cover piece and what 
exactly is it? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, forward cover means what is our projection of sale of next three months and 
what will be the cost of goods required for the three months, so each unit if you look 
at the forward cover whether it is 60 days or 75 days or 90 days or 120 days of that 
inventory for forward cover. So, for example, at the Christmas time we increase our 
inventory before Christmas time because the forward cover is higher. The sales 
during Christmas time is higher, so we increase inventory going into Christmas 
period. But coming into lean season of summer the forward cover is low, so we 
reduce our inventory coming into summer season. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
I wanted to understand the investment in the German initiative, how much has been 
done and what is the total plan, was it 10 million or 5 million I couldn’t hear the 
number clearly? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, the total investment expected in this financial year in Germany CAPEX is just 
about to $2 million. Our business is not CAPEX heavy; it is very CAPEX light but first 
2 to 3 years is OPEX heavy. So, we have higher operating costs in any new 
geography, but the CAPEX is very limited. 
Manish B: 
So, the amount that is going to be spent in the Germany initiative will be 4 million? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
$2 million first year and second year will have the CAPEX not 2 million, it will be 
lower than 2 million. But the OPEX loss for the first year is $3 to $5 million is what 
we look at. In our business the CAPEX is not very high and there is a huge operating 
leverage coming in during future year and as you see last 5 years we had a 
continuous operating leverage in US and UK, in Germany also we expect to have 
operating leverage coming in within third year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kacholia from Lucky Investment. 
Ashish Kacholia: 
My question basically is, what is our progress on the Instagram marketing front, any 
metrics and numbers that you can share with us? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
I don’t have metrics in front Ashish that we have invested as Vineet already 
mentioned that we invested more on web marketing last quarter and we are 
continuing to see traction from Instagram, from Facebook, from YouTube all the 
social platforms are giving us high revenue. I don’t have exact numbers in front of 
me, but that is our area of focus and we will continue to invest in this financial year 
as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Jetha from Concept Invest Wealth. 
Latika Jetha: 
My question is in the IP; you have mentioned that your mission is to provide 1 million 
meals per day by the end of FY2031. So, if you see currently the run rate is around 
13 million pieces for this financial year and we are targeting around about 365 million 
meals by FY31, which means 40% volume growth for every year for the next 10 
years, so can you help me like what is your strategy and how can you achieve this 
kind of high-volume growth? 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
First of all, right now our run rate between US and UK about 54000 meals per day, 
because weekends are not distributed. So, 54000 to a million is quite a jump and this 
is our Bhag, and this is new we had just in our group we bought it together. And this 
would mean that we have to grow approximately 32% year over year for coming time. 
For us the growth might come from Germany that we recently launched and in future 
we may launch Japan as well and some digital native brands, B2C brands that we 
are hoping to launch. So, that is  Bhag for us. We hope to succeed, we aim to 
succeed, but this still a goal that we take with a lot of courage and a lot of ambition 
and lot of I would say future centric mindset. 
Latika Jetha: 
If I see your packaging and distribution expense has risen up sharply, so I wanted a 
clarification that is it because of the TJC Plus membership program because of which 
these costs have increased substantially? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, partly TJC Plus and partly I think lifestyle products. So, lifestyle has increased, 
but TJC plus has larger pieces, so they have higher shipping costs and faster 
shipping is also expensive in UK. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Astha Jain from HEM Securities. 
Astha Jain: 
So, my first question is regarding this line of item of your packaging and distribution 
cost which has shown a strong rise, so how this item is going to behave in the future 
and second cost is about the commodity prices, which has shown significant jump 
so does this increase in the commodity prices will really affect our cost of raw material 
as well as purchase finished goods in the coming future? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, the shipping point of view our growth per piece shipping, because the volume 
also increases substantially. So, per piece shipping our actual growth has been 
about 17.5%. So, that is largely because of faster shipping and larger LSP volume. 
So, from the current year to next year per piece cost shipping may not go up 
substantially because UK is already in place where it is, but we will have some growth 
of per piece costs as well, may not be at the level of 17.5%, but will still be elevated. 
We're trying to offset this cost by increasing our margins slightly. We've been able to 
it successful to do that in both in US and UK to some degree. But because of that 
we are able to give the guidance of continued leverage both in US and UK. So, again 
our aim is to be competitive in current market expectations where Amazon is able to 
deliver in 2 days and free, so we are going in that direction and we are making good 
investment and UK we have done successfully, US also we are going towards that. 
Second question was about commodities. It is true that the silver prices and some of 
the commodity prices are growing up, but we create our margin on the basis of cost. 
We don’t have anything pre-sold. So, if cost is today something like $3, tomorrow it 
may be $3.50 so will add up our margin that we require and on the top of that offers 
to our customers. So, we always look at that calculation that any products should be 
60% margin for us or more and then we back calculate it and try it accordingly or 
merchandize it accordingly. So, commodity prices are not concerning to us. Shipping 
is an area which constantly watch. 
Astha Jain: 
We have talked about fashion apparel business in our last con-call. Can you just 
throw light on that part also? How is it proceeding and if you can comment on that 
also? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Can you repeat Astha, you were not clear. 
Astha Jain: 
I am saying that on the fashion apparels business that we have talked in our last 
con-call. I just want some updates on that part also. If you can give me some updates 
regarding that business because we have talked something on that in the last con-
call, fashion apparel business? 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Fashion apparel is growing very rapidly. We are not breaking down individual 
categories for the projections but as we expect overall as I speak, segment to grow 
and within next 2 years we expect lifestyle now making to be almost 50% of our mix. 
So, giving third years from this financial year we expect it will be 50% and fashion 
apparel will be constituting a good portion of that. Fashion is doing very well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritam Deuskar from Wealthyvia.com. 
Pritam Deuskar: 
My question is regarding Maverick Influencer. So, we had signed up for them last 
time. So, how that is progressing and how the social media marketing, any numbers 
or leads that we are growing? And second is about the Etsy and Wayfair the new 
marketplaces that we signed up upon? How is the progress in them? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
The Influencer program is doing well. It is not going as fast as I would have liked but 
the last time value and overall revenue from that is decent. We are trying to scale it 
up, we feel that there is a lot of potential. We are making investment in our team, 
and we hope to see this program accelerate our social penetration. Etsy and Wayfair 
both are ramping up as well. Etsy in UK especially ramping up well. Wayfair is still 
slow not as much because Wayfair is a more like a B2B from a gender perspective. 
They take the product while we have to keep the product at our end. On his margin 
Wayfair are not as good as you would like. So, ramp on Wayfair is not very well, 
slightly but not anywhere close to what we are seeing in Amazon, e-Bay or More 
Mart. 
Pritam Deuskar: 
About this influencer program, it is for only America or all the rest of the territories? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
US and UK, only two territories. 
Pritam: 
About this TJC beauty separate channel. Since it is profitable from the start, do you 
feel that we would be launching that in other territories also going forward once this 
becomes stable? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
We would like to see it have some time before the launch into other territories. In UK 
especially has an advantage further, the airtime cost is not tremendously high, and 
the penetration is just about 25 million homes in UK. US is about 100 million homes 
and airtime costs are substantially higher than UK. So, we want to go into US after 
due consideration and seeing the traction, but we may. There is a potential for our 
products in future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment.  
 Bharat Shah: 
I appreciate there is no operating leverage guidance, but I was just doing a little bit 
of calculations. So, broadly it looked like to me that if we grow at about 18% to 20% 
in our top line and given the fact that our gross margins are in excess of 60% and of 
the total cost roughly 55% to 60% is fixed in nature or materially fixed in nature. So, 
that what it looks like to me is about 18% to 20% growth should imply 60 to 80 basis 
point improvement in margin broadly. That is the way it looked the picture to me, am 
I fair in assuming this? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Thank you very much for the question. So, in terms of calculation, you are right in 
calculating this way but like we don't want to give any operating margin guidance 
number as such. But we strongly believe that our nature of business model is that 
that operating leverage would continue and given the nature of the fixed or stable 
kind of expenditure, we should definitely keep on seeing margin expansion. So, our 
variable costs might increase even slightly higher like we mentioned, shipping costs 
as well as web marketing costs, so they might increase even more than the revenue 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
increase because we take these areas as our investment areas for future growth 
strategy. But our overall cost nature would more than offset that hence operating 
leverage would continue. We would not want to put a number to that at this point of 
time.  
Bharat Shah: 
And Germany part of the launch, UK and US both English speaking and somewhat 
similar kind of cultural sensitivity and ethos. Germany is lot different from that point 
of view. So, programs and kind of things that appeal to that audience, I'm sure all 
that would have been definitely built into our plans. But just wanted to understand on 
that because the sensitivity of the kind of programs that are done which will appeal 
them and create a loyalty, so that they visit and be with the programs and buy, I 
suppose is really critical to overall longevity of operation.  
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, we have experience in Germany, so we have launched in 2007. Unfortunately, 
we faced in 2008-2009, there was a deep recession. At that time, we decided to exit 
Germany. But we have the experience and we also had experience of selling to 
German market. We still have QVC Germany as our client from India directly. So, for 
last 15-20 years we have been selling to Germany. So, we have some experience 
and we have transferred one of our UK Senior Manager to Germany who has lived 
in Germany for 20 years and has even worked in our internal team from Europe, from 
UK has lot of people moving to Germany. Our success potential is way higher, we 
stood around when compared to 2007. We are fairly confident of making a good 
success out of Germany.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from Sameeksha Capital.  
Chintan Sheth: 
On the TJC Plus, if you can put some numbers how the traction we are seeing there, 
and you did already mention that you are targeting US delivery can get reduced to 
1.5 days over time. What are your plans of similar TJC Plus kind of offers in US? 
That is one. Secondly on the marketplace revenue for FY21, we had a target 
provided last year, just if you can share what kind of revenue was generated in that 
marketplace and what are our charges in this?  
Sunil Agrawal:  
So, on TJC Plus in UK in recent weeks, we are seeing about half of our shipments 
going on the TJC Plus. Actually, last few weeks we are seeing that, and which is 
great for us and that is helping our repeat purchase and per customer overall lifetime 
value. We have seen lifetime value of that customer in TJC Plus increased double 
digits because of TJC Plus. So, overall, we have seen this program to be accretive 
to us. Bringing to US we want to bring to US only after we have our shipping in 
control. We are able to ship faster and at the reasonable cost. We are not there in 
US at this time to take this program. Will it happen in next six months or within a 
year, I don't know? We don't have full visibility but once we have that control of 
shipping cost and shipping delivery time, we will take it there. The next question 
about marketplace, so last financial year we had about $12.5 million sales coming 
from marketplaces in FY21. So, there was rapid growth compared to just about $3.5-
$4 million a year before, so we had a huge rapid growth in marketplace. That is very 
highly competitive space even when we had a rapid growth, but lot of that growth 
came from essential products that we were able to offer at the time. But this year we 
expect to grow even ahead of that of marketplaces. We are not giving specific 
guidance on that, but we expect that to be even higher than $12.5 million dollars that 
we did last year.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Yash Joglekar from Ambit Capital.  
Yash Joglekar: 
I just wanted to ask what would be the current NPS score for us and for our peers 
like QVC or JTV?  

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Our current score in our US business is 70 and UK business 65. These scores at 
other competitors are in the range of 50s and 60s. So, we believe that our NPS is 
higher than our immediate competition. Now you have to keep in mind this is done 
mostly internally, so the methodology can differ from the company to company 
because this is not done by third party and we have no standard perfect definition or 
the question or methodology. What we look at is, are we going year over year and 
are we including our customer experience in terms of repeat purchase and retention 
rate. So, those are all combined, will look at overall customer engagement. Does that 
answer your question Yash? 
Moderator: 
We've lost the line for the current speaker as well. We take the next question from 
the line of Anil Sarin from Centrum Wealth. 
Anil Sarin: 
Just wanted to know the number of customers, I have noticed that over the last one 
year there has been a good increase in the total number of customers, if you can 
enlighten me about how they stand now country wise? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, unique customers for the year for the group is at 501,000 as of last year between 
US and UK. US was 321,000 and UK was 179,000.  
Anil Sarin: 
If you can also mention what was the last year figure? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, last year was 362,000 for the group. US was a 225,000 and UK was 136,000. 
Anil Sarin: 
How much of OPEX or how much of investment has already gone into Germany in 
the fourth quarter because I just noticed that there is an increase in the OPEX, was 
Germany also factored in that? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Not substantial. It's about Rs. 65 lakhs only for Q4, OPEX which has gone for 
Germany.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
I would like to thank all the investors for your continued support and for some great 
questions. So, thank you and if you have any questions, you can ask Dipti Rajput, or 
CDR India and we'll be happy to answer. I hope you stay safe and well during these 
difficult times. Looking forward to continue in the coming quarters. Thank you. 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
