 
 
 
June 08, 2021 
 
 
Sub.:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 – Transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on Monday, June 07, 2021. 
 
This is for your information & Records. 
 
 
For PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanchay Dubey) 
Company Secretary 
To, 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 533581 
To, 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: PGEL 
SANCHAY 
DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
SANCHAY DUBEY 
Date: 2021.06.08 
19:49:44 +05'30'

1 
 
  
 
 
 
“PG Electroplast Limited Q4 FY-21 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 07, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VISHAL GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR (FINANCE),                           
PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, (OPERATIONS),                       
PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
MR. PRAMOD GUPTA – CFO, PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED 

2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY21 Earnings Conference Call 
of PG Electroplast Limited hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. During this call 
company may make certain forward-looking statements based on currently held beliefs 
of the management of the company which are expressed in good faith and in 
management’s opinion are reasonable. The forward-looking statements may involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual 
results, financial conditions, performance or achievements of the company or industry 
to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements represent only the company’s current intentions, beliefs, or expectation and 
any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which it was made. The 
company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal from 
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital, we welcome you all to PG 
Electroplast Limited Q4 FY21 Earnings Conference Call. Today we have with us the 
management represented by Mr. Vishal Gupta – Managing Director, Finance; Mr. Vikas 
Gupta – Managing Director, Operations and Mr. Pramod Gupta – CFO. Without taking 
much time, I will hand over the floor to the management for their opening remarks post 
which we open the floor for Q&A. Over to you sir, thanks so much. 
Vikas Gupta: 
Thank you Deepak.  Good evening everyone. Thank you for sparing your valuable time 
and joining this call today. As we together face the unprecedented challenge of the 
COVID pandemic, we hope and wish all of you and your families and friends are keeping 
safe and well. Our thoughts are with those who got affected. Our key priorities ensuring 
the wellbeing of our employees, their families and all those within the communities 
where we live and work. We are confident that when this pandemic is over, we will 
emerge stronger. 
Now let me open our Earnings Call today with an overview of our operations: 

3 
 
All our segments have done well and our focus area, the products business has shown 
30% growth in FY21 despite the sales losses in the first and second quarter of FY21 
because of the lockdown and its aftereffects. The company has recorded its highest ever 
quarterly sales of Rs. 330 crores which is an 80% increase over Rs. 183 crores what we 
did in the same period last year. EBITDA for the quarter stands at Rs. 25 crores which is 
a 77% increase over Rs. 14 crores what we did in the same quarter last year. Net profits 
stands at Rs. 10.4 crores against a loss of Rs. 2.9 crores in the fourth quarter of last year. 
On a full-year basis, despite complete washout in Quarter 1 the company managed to 
add 10% to its topline closing FY21 with a revenue of Rs. 705 crores as compared to Rs. 
641 crores last year. EBITDA grew at 23.6% from Rs. 42 crores Rs. 52 crores and the net 
profits for the year stood at Rs. 11.6 crores which is a 344% improvement over last 
year's profit of Rs. 2.6 crores.  
Now I will share about business-wise overview with all of you: 
Plastic molding business was about 60% of our FY21 sales and it declined 4% on YoY 
basis. This was primarily due to sales losses in first quarter of FY21. Our company has 
one of the largest capacities of making plastics components for consumer durable 
industry in India. This business is supported by our strategic locations in North and West 
India and long-standing relationships with some of the largest brands of consumer 
durable industry in India. Plastic molding used to be the largest business segment in 
FY19 and FY20 contributing 69% and 81% respectively of the total sales. But as we are 
focusing on product business and due to the changing mix of the business, now it has 
come down to 55% in last quarter of FY21. That being said, we are still aggressively 
pursuing growth from our specialty plastics molding businesses. We are getting very 
good traction from our sanitary ware businesses, and we are further expanding by 
investing in key technologies with the support of our customers for making import 
substitution products for them in India. We are in discussions with another global brand 
for whom we want to start manufacturing sanitary ware products in India. 
PG is continuing its strategy to invest heavily in its product businesses of Air 
Conditioners, Washing Machines and Air Coolers. Our company achieved a topline of Rs. 
194 crores in FY21 against a top-line of Rs. 150 crores in FY20, a growth of 30% in spite 
of virtually nil sales in first quarter of FY21. Our AC business so far has been a 100% OEM 
business. Now we are focusing on developing ODM models and we are developing two 
new platforms of indoor units and outdoor units. With these platforms, we will be able 

4 
 
to offer complete ODM solutions for wide range of ACs from 0.8 tonnes to 2 tonnes in 
both fixed speed and in inverter categories. All these models are being developed 
keeping mind the new BEE Energy Standards that will come in force from 2022. We have 
received inputs from our anchor customer from whom we have received good volume 
commitments for the next season. We are also in talks with the other 4-5 large 
customers, and they have also shown keen interest in our products for the next season. 
Now coming to Washing Machines: 
We are targeting good growth in both semi-automatic and fully automatic washing 
machines. This year could see substantial growth for our company. Last year, we 
launched 8 new models in semi-automatic washing machine category and in FY21, 
company made its first foray into fully automatic top-loading washing machine. We 
have invested in 2 platforms of fully automatic top loads, and we will be starting 
commercial production for our anchor customers within this month. We are also in 
discussion with several other customers also and they have also shown good keen 
interest in these models. The cost pressures due to high material prices are being 
passed on and we are hopeful of preserving the margins in all segments. We have 
created substantial capacities for producing washing machines in our Roorkee plant and 
with the roll out our new models this year we expect to see a big jump in the numbers 
coming from this division 2. We are also in the process of starting production on 
washing machines for one of the major national brands that we will be announcing very 
soon. 
Coming to our Air Cooler business: 
The sales of air coolers have been muted in this year primarily because of other 
customers carried forward inventories due to the lockdown of first quarter of FY21. This 
was further compounded by the steep rise in commodity prices resulting in lower off 
take from our customers. But now company is developing two new platforms of air 
coolers in ODM category, and we will be offering them as an ODM solution to our 
customers in coming quarters. In addition to this, our company has also recently tied up 
with a very large national brand for developing a totally new platform air coolers for 
them. We expect to start production by November of this year for them. The coming 
season of 2022 looks promising for our Air Cooler business also as we expect a good 
growth after two years of muted volumes. 

5 
 
Now coming to our tooling business: 
Tooling business constitutes around 1% of our total revenues, but it has a very high 
potential and this business not only have high EBITDA margins, but also acts as an 
enabler for some of our specialty plastic molding businesses which typically have higher 
margins. We have recently upgraded some of the facilities and capabilities in our tool 
room and now we can manufacture bigger size tools in our factory in our own in-house 
tool room factory and we expect this to give our ODM projects faster turnaround times 
as instead of approaching overseas vendors we can design and manufacture critical 
tools in-house. 
Our company is trying to rebuild its electronics business also now. Right now, we are 
making PCB assemblies for LED TVs for few customers on an OEM basis, but we are in 
the process of setting up an LED TV manufacturing line in one of our Greater Noida 
facilities. We are in talks with few customers, and we hope to start manufacturing LED 
TVs in next few months. 
In an effort towards reducing our carbon footprint, our company is now sourcing some 
of its electricity from renewable sources. In FY21 we have installed a solar power plant 
at our Ahmednagar facility and this plant is capable of generating 1.28 million units 
annually. We have also signed a term sheet for our Greater NOIDA plants and hope to 
have electricity coming from this arrangement in next 3-4 months. All these initiatives 
will help us in lowering our energy costs. 
PG, our company is also taking various steps to attract and retain high performing 
individuals. Company has announced an ESOP program to reward its key employees. 
Now in a bid to elevate some of the mental pressures brought upon by the pandemic, 
our company has announced a new scheme called PG Cares. As per the scheme, should 
any employee lose a fight with COVID-19, the company shall ensure that family of the 
deceased will continue receiving the former employee salary for two years and all 
education expenses of their children in India until the graduation from high school will 
be also borne by the company. 
Now, I will hand over that call to our CFO, Mr. Pramod Gupta and he will talk about our 
financials in detail. 

6 
 
Pramod Gupta: 
Hello everybody. Good evening. We have strengthened our balance sheet this year 
further. Although the debt levels on net basis are same as last year at around Rs. 172 
crores, the tenure has changed, and we have increased our long-term borrowings, while 
short term maturity loans have come down. Net debt to equity is now less than 0.9 and 
debt to EBITDA stands at 3.3, we believe it will further improve going forward. The 
working capital cycle has been normalized and stands at 37 days last year inventories, 
last year and even for the third quarter inventory have normalized and we are 
committed to improve our asset terms going forward. 
In FY21, company issued 6 lakh warrants at a rate of Rs. 150, 25% initial subscription 
money has been received and also 1.6 lakhs out of the 6 lakh shares have converted and 
that has led to addition of Rs. 4.1 crores to the net worth. 
Now coming to the cash flow: 
Cash flow from the operations before working capital change was Rs. 54 crores versus 
Rs. 42.9 crores last year. This year the change in working capital was positive. So, we 
released about Rs. 1.74 crores versus negative Rs. 13 crores last year leading to cash 
flow from operations at Rs. 57 crores versus Rs. 27.7 crores last year. CAPEX payments 
for the year were Rs. 43 crores versus Rs. 58 crores last year. 
Now I would like touch upon the recent fundraise permission granted by the board 
subject to shareholder permission, we will be issuing 11.96 lakh preference shares at Rs. 
337 per share along with 18 months CCD worth Rs.36.3 crores having a coupon rate of 
17.96%, which along with the interest will actually materialize into 13.6 lac shares at 
price of Rs. 337. The total dilution due to this issue will be 25.53 lac shares over 18 
months and will constitute about 11.3% of the fully diluted equity of the company. 
Barring India private equity Tapadia and Patni family members along with some 
individuals will be issued these CCDs and shares. The details are already shared on 
earlier release to the exchange. This fundraise will further strengthen our balance sheet 
and give us growth capital which we need for investing for the CAPEX in FY22. 
Now I would like to briefly touch upon the CAPEX plan for FY22: 
Likely to have a CAPEX of over Rs. 100 crores for building plant and machinery and 
product development activities. We will be building a new integrated facility for AC 
manufacturing on the recently purchased land in Ahmednagar and we will be expanding 

7 
 
our manufacturing facilities in NOIDA where we have recently leased a new facility for 
AC parts and sanitary ware business. 
Now with this, I open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much.  The first question is from the line of Deepak Mehta and 
Individual Investor. 
Deepak Mehta: 
My question is around, if we utilize all of our power capacity what can be the annual 
revenue we can achieve? And going forward what's your expectation around margin? Is 
it going to be same as this financial year or we can see improve going forward? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Most of our businesses are actually little seasonal and sales as a less production. So, 
given the seasonality that we have right now in some of the products, if you take that 
into account, we can actually have on full capacity utilization taking into the cap, the 
seasonality we can actually probably do close to Rs. 1100 to Rs. 1200 crores kind of a 
revenue with existing capacity. But with the new CAPEX plan that we have initiated that 
number will actually significantly increase over the next two years. Coming to the 
margins I would just like to highlight that margins are dependent upon the revenue mix 
as well as how soon we are able to pass on the increasing commodity prices that we 
have seen in the recent past. Till now we have been able to hold on to the prices and 
been able to pass on, we think that margins in each of the segments are likely to remain 
stable. But because of the mix-change there could be upward or downward movement 
of few (Inaudible) (17.01) points going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Patel, an Individual Investor. 
Anand Patel: 
In Q4 12% of revenue in one year, it is 6% of revenue came from gas charging for ODU. 
Can you throw some light on this segment? 
Pramod Gupta: 
What has happened is last year in October sometime Government of India put a ban on 
flue gas charged AC import from overseas. But the season was already started and most 
of our clients had kind of pre-booked their shipments for AC imports. So, the only option 
they had was to actually get that gas emptied there on the overseas and they got those 
AC without gas charged into India. But when they had to sell it to the end customer, 
they have to give a fully gas filled AC in the market. So, we helped some of our 
customers to do that gas refilling activity which basically involved opening up the AC 

8 
 
outdoor unit and refilling the gas into it by first doing a vacuum pumping and then filing 
the gas into it. So that was the activity. The margins were actually not much because it 
was mostly a pass-through kind of business and it was more of a relationship building, 
one-time exercise for some of the new customers. 
Anand Patel: 
So, have we not yet the achieved a competitive edge in making the whole outdoor unit 
or can these orders convert in future orders, these gas refilling? 
Pramod Gupta: 
What we are doing right now the CAPEX what we are going to do this year we are 
putting up a backward integrated manufacturing facility where we will have our in-
house sheet metal plant powder coating, heat exchanger and all those things. Once we 
have all those things in place, then we will be competitive in outdoor unit also. Right 
now, we are competitive in indoor unit and that is why this facility is being put up. In 
addition to that we are adding in ODM category also. Till now we are doing OEM 
business for air conditioners. Now we are creating our own solutions where we will be 
offering complete products to the customers. So, doing both the things will further add 
to our margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satish Singh from Motilal Oswal. 
Satish Singh: 
Could you just give us a sense on the PLI scheme for AC and what is the status over 
there, have we applied across the scheme and what could be the outlook in terms for 
our business over there? 
Pramod Gupta: 
The government has just recently 2-3 days back have notified the rules and guidelines 
for the PLI scheme for air conditioners. And now the government's clear focus is to 
create component ecosystem in India and whatever new facility we are putting up, we 
are going to apply for PLI in AC components category and we are hoping that whatever 
backward integration we are going to do is going to help us in getting more business 
from our customers and improving our margins also. 
Satish Singh: 
Also, you just spoke before this on the gas charging part. Were we able to convert any of 
those customers for supplying IDU units? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes, there are customers who have already tied up for our next year season business, 
where we will be offering a complete product to them or it's too early for me to disclose 
their names. s and when the time comes, we will announce these names also. See, the 

9 
 
CAPEX what we are going to do right now in our business industry whatever CAPEX you 
do you do on the basis of some commitments from your customers only. 
Satish Singh: 
Just one last question from my side, in terms of overall and broader outlook in terms of 
our stake, how has that been, have the customer started taking whatever orders they 
had given for or are we seeing any pileup of inventory because of the shutdown in April 
and May? 
Pramod Gupta: 
This year, the business model what we did we made a little change in our business 
model. Till last year we were doing lot of inputs of components on behalf of our 
customers for making indoor units for them. But after last year's COVID lockdown, we 
changed the business model and where all the material is being imported by our 
customers now. After this lockdown, we had a very limited inventory and there was not 
a major issue with the inventories as of now for us. 
Satish Singh: 
So, customers have already picked up whatever material they had ordered in terms of 
whatever was agreed to be taken, right? 
Pramod Gupta: 
There is not a much of pileup. Initially what happened, normally the lockdown 
happened in the second half of the April and that is normally that downward tempering 
also started in the business for the AC. There was no major concern unlike last year 
which happened in the second week of March. This time it happened in the second or 
third week of April so overall things are much better than as compared to last year. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Neerav from Anand Rathi. 
Neerav: 
My first question pertains to the CAPEX of Rs. 100 crores that we are planning in FY22. 
Can you dwell a little bit more on the Rs. 100 crores CAPEX with the breakup of that in 
regard to plant machinery and other aspects? And what can be the asset turns that we 
can expect from this? 
Pramod Gupta: 
So, I just want to highlight like this Rs. 100 crores CAPEX, large part of it will be used for 
the AC business in Ahmednagar. We are going to increase our AC IDU capacity from 
currently 50,000 to close to about 1.5 lakh over a period of next 2 years and also a fully 
integrated outdoor unit facility of about a million pieces a year. Right now, we only have 
an assembly facility, we don't not have a backward integration in the outdoor unit. So, 
this facility building up will require basically a new build-up area of close to 200,000 

10 
 
square feet in the first phase. Apart from that there will be machineries which will be 
used for plastic molding as well as sheet metal plant and also, we are developing two 
new platforms. So, right now I just can say that this Rs. 100 crores is a very rough 
estimate. Final figures are being worked out and we are placing orders. More details we 
will share with you later as we finalize these things. But suffice to say that almost 80% of 
this Rs. 100 crore is likely to be spent in FY22 in the AC IDU and ODU business and the 
capacity that we have told you to build that kind of a capacity. 
Neerav: 
On the estimated asset turns that we can expect? 
Pramod Gupta: 
On a fully ramped up basis this can get us a turnover of probably close to something like 
Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 500 crores at least when we fully ramp up the production in this. 
Neerav: 
My other question pertains to the BEE rating. What I am hearing is that there are some 
mixed views on BEE rating. I wanted to get some sense from your side on this, like do 
you expect the BEE ratings to be applicable from January 2022 or some delay can be 
seen? 
Pramod Gupta: 
What has happened on this BEE ratings were supposed to be implemented from 1st of 
January 2021. They have been already postponed by the government for one year. Yes, 
industry is requesting to the government, but we don't see any concrete thing coming 
out of that. But right now, what we are doing, we are preparing our model lineup as per 
the new energy rating norms and let us see how things proceed, but we are preparing 
ourselves as per the new energy rating norms only right now. 
Neerav: 
My last question in the start of this call you stated that there has been now 30% growth 
in our product business. Would you be willing to share volumes across each category? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Right now, we don't give volumes in absolute numbers, but suffice to say that basically 
almost in terms of, out of this Rs. 200 crore slightly more than half of it is AC in terms of 
turnover, probably close to about 44% will be in washing machine and the rest is 
coolers. Coolers are a very small portion. 
Moderator:  
The next question is on the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Nitin Arora: 
This is a question on the market share side. You are putting a sizeable capacity already 
put in few of your segments and you are saying clients are getting added. Can you throw 

11 
 
some light how you see your market share really moving amongst this space in the next 
over let's say 2-3 years’ time, because majority of the capacity line would come in FY22 
and I am assuming if you are putting such a big CAPEX, it looks like that the volumes 
somewhat are close to you in terms of getting finalized? So, are these capacities also 
getting streamlined, I just want to understand more from a market share perspective in 
the next 2-3 years how you are looking at it? 
Pramod Gupta: 
As we look at market, I'll give you whatever understanding we have. Today out of the 7 
million ACs that are sold in India, almost 40% to 45% are getting imported. See the 
market today, we think that out of the 7 million AC market that we had about in 2018-
2019 which was a normal year and 2019-2020 and 2020-2021 both years growth has got 
impacted and numbers are probably lower than that. There is a pent-up demand in the 
market in our opinion which will probably be getting fulfilled in 2021-2022 season. 
Almost 45% of the ACs are getting imported which is more than 2 million ACs in India, 
2.5 million probably. Out of the total 22-23 brands that are marketing and selling in 
India, only 8 or 9 of them have their own manufacturing capacity. Most of them are 
actually doing outsourcing or importing. There's a huge market which needs to be 
serviced. Initially when the PLI was being talked about, there was a fear or there was an 
expectation that it will be given on the end product. Now government has actually given 
it only on the component. So, a lot of these brand owners are actually not putting up 
the capacity as aggressively as they were planning initially. So, this gives a lot of window 
to players like us who are planning ODM offering in the AC. We right now have a very-
very small shares in the AC market and that also it is an OEM business only which we are 
doing. Our ODM product will be actually coming up in this current season, by October 
we should be able to give it for the testing and test marketing to our partners. We are 
already in talk with almost six leading brands in India and we are hopeful. So, as I was 
mentioning that out of the total 7 million market which was there in 2018-2019 which 
was a normally year, almost 40%-45% of that is getting imported today. For the last two 
seasons the seasons have been very muted because of COVID shutdown. We think that 
2022 could be a significant year for the AC market. Today there are 23 brands which 
operate and 8 of them have their own manufacturing set up in India. Almost as I said, 
like more than 2.5 million AC are getting imported. So, opportunity is very huge for the 
players like us that are putting up the capacity and have their own product. Till now our 
market share is actually very small in the AC market if you look on an overall basis 
because we are actually doing OEM business where we are assembling the product for 

12 
 
some of the OEs where they have their own design and tools. Our own product will be 
ready by August-September when we will be giving it to our customers. We are in talk 
with six leading brands, given a good commitment of the volume and we have taken all 
their inputs in designing the product. We are very hopeful that we will be able to garner 
a significant market share in coming years in the AC market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pravin Gala from I-Wealth Management. 
Pravin Gala: 
I just wanted to understand in terms of our ATR, so what will be the optimum asset 
turnover for our company? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Asset turnover right now you can calculate, we have given you the balance sheet, but it 
will improve going forward significantly. Last year has been significantly impacted 
because of the COVID, otherwise the asset turn ratio would have been much higher 
than what we have it today. 
Pravin Gala: 
So, based on current asset turnover, I am asking what would be optimum for our 
company? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Optimum thing is like, as we get more into the product business which is…see, today we 
have four business lines. One, the largest is the plastic molding business whereby design 
by nature asset turns are low. Even getting an asset turn of 2-2.5 is a challenge in that 
business. That's why we are moving our business and transforming ourselves into a full 
product company where we develop and give a full product to the customers in the 
ODM model or OEM model where we do the assembly of products for others of their 
design. In ODM model we have our own designs of our product. So, in the ODM 
business model the asset turns are much higher. They depend upon the product 
segment, but overall, on a company basis we remain committed to increase our asset 
turn because that only will lead to better return ratios and ROCE and ROE. And that is 
why we keep on saying and repeating that product business as a focus area, we are 
trying to invest more and more money and whole energies of the company are actually 
focused on increasing that business significantly from the current size. 
Pravin Gala: 
Why I was asking that is because based on our current quarter revenue we are at a run 
rate of around 1300 odd crores. So, because you were saying that our optimum revenue 
would be 1200 crores based on current capacity. So, could you make me understand 
that please? 

13 
 
Pramod Gupta: 
See what happens is our businesses in India unfortunately both AC, TV, and coolers and 
even the business which we do in the plastic are all very seasonal in sales as well as 
manufacturing. So, in India ACs are mostly sold in the period between February to say 
June-July maximum, and then manufacturing cycle proceeds that by about two months 
or so or three months or so. So, the manufacturing starts picking up in November-
December and then it peaks out in May-June maximum. So, for the rest of the season, 
for the rest of the year, the assets are not optimally utilized. Say in a season you may 
work at 80% to 90% of your capacity and in off-season the same capacity utilization falls 
to as low as 40% or in some cases 35%. Same case is there in washing machine which 
has a complimentary kind of a period in the sense that washing machines are sold more 
in winters and their production cycle starts from April- May and then it peaks out 
sometime in November-December. So, that is why I am trying to say that if we take that 
seasonality into account, we could have a revenue of 1100 to 1200 crores because in no 
case we will be able to utilize our washing machine and AC capacity at very peak 
utilization levels on a full-year basis. On a full-year basis the average peak utilization in 
these businesses seldomly goes beyond 60%-65% at best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ramakrishnan V from Equity Intelligence. 
Ramakrishnan V: 
I have two questions. Post the expansion what will be our capacity in making Air 
Conditioner, Washing Machine, and the Cooler? And the second thing is we are giving 
that convertible bought at 17.96% per annum which is on a very higher side. So, what is 
the reason for that? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Well, these investors which are coming are quite good names and they are convertible 
with 18 months lock-in in that. First of all, I want to highlight it is a non-cash expense, 
whatever interest will come it is going to get converted into equity shares at Rs. 37 and 
you will appreciate that it has also unsecured. Third thing is that the names that we 
have got in our investor list are all very marquee names and they will do value addition 
to the company. 
Ramakrishnan V: 
Because I have not come across of any convertible debenture issued at some interest 
rates. Because we have seen people have been issued warrants and all that, but there 
has not been any interest rate. But this is the first time I have come across. That's all 
right. Sir, what is the capacity we will have both for the AC, washing machine and the air 
cooler? 

14 
 
Pramod Gupta: 
For air conditioners, the capacity but we are going to have expanded capacity for indoor 
unit will be around 1.5 lakh units per month basis. But if you talk because of seasonality, 
the numbers might be a little different. And for outdoor unit it will be around 75,000 
pieces per month. And for washing machines we have already told people that our 
capacities will be around, we will be doing around 0.8 million which is the annual 
capacity for washing machines. And for air coolers, again the monthly capacity what we 
are creating is around 25,000 pieces per month but that is a peak capacity what we are 
creating. Annual numbers might be different depending on the seasonal off take. 
Ramakrishnan V: 
And this LRD TV will be? 
Pramod Gupta: 
LED TV line we are installing. Right now, it's kind of a pilot project what we are putting 
up. It is around 0.6 million capacity what we are creating, it is a very small capacity just 
to test the waters. Once things are looking good and we are confident upon the 
business then we can ramp up the capacity. Ramping up capacity does not take much 
time; it takes around three to four months only. It doesn't take much of the time in TV 
business at least. 
Ramakrishnan V: 
What is the import content? 
Pramod Gupta: 
For LED TV, the import content will be around 85%. 
Ramakrishnan V: 
And other products like water cooler and AC? 
Pramod Gupta: 
In air conditioner I think around 50% will be the import content and for washing 
machines it is around 25%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My question is on the PLI scheme. Would we be applying for the low value in scheme of 
ACs or high value, which one would we be applying?  And the 100 crore CAPEX that you 
had mentioned so how much of that would be imported and how much of that would 
be locally sold? Any rough sense that you can give. 
Pramod Gupta: 
See, for PLI scheme we are right now evaluating the options. As the scheme rules have 
been notified few days back, last Friday only, and we are internally discussing all the 
options and I can assure you that we will be taking a decision keeping in mind the long-

15 
 
term growth prospects for the company. That is one thing. And for the CAPEX what we 
intend to do, it will be around 60% of that CAPEX will be imports. It has to come from 
companies outside India and balance will be from the local companies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Soni from Smith's Limited. 
Rahul Soni: 
Have you taken any price hike during the March quarter or in the start of this current 
quarter? 
Pramod Gupta: 
The price hikes we have taken across all our product categories for washing machines, 
air conditioners. See, normally every business has a different behavior. For plastics, it's 
largely OEM business, so it's always a cost-plus base working so the pass through is 
immediate. Every month there is a pass through. For air conditioner also the current 
business was OEM business, so it was again a monthly pass through to the customers. In 
case of washing machines, yes, it is an ODM business, so there is some price lag, but we 
have been able to pass on the price hikes to them and I think we will be able to preserve 
our margins. 
Rahul Soni: 
So, in the washing machine it is 100% ODM, both fully automatic and semi-automatic? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes. We are offering our complete products to the customers. 
Rahul Soni: 
How are the margins in this ODM segment and how they are different from OEM? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Typically, in ODM business the margins are a little better. They are better than the OEM 
business. But we don't give any individual product-wise margin guidance and the 
volume guidance as of now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajat Setiya from ithought Financial. 
Rajat Setiya: 
My question is about the competitive landscape. One of our larger competitors is 
actually quite big in terms of size and can offer economy of scale and quote a lower 
price to the customers. So, what are the incentives that a client will come to us for 
business. Why would a client come to us and not go to the bigger competitor when they 
have much higher economies of scale at the moment? 
Pramod Gupta: 
See, first of all I want to highlight that in each of the segments the dynamics works 
differently. Say for in plastic molding we are one of the largest companies in the 

16 
 
appliance industry in India who are supplying the plastic molding to the appliance 
makers. That is point number one. Point number two is, in most of the industrial 
sourcing companies never rely 100% fully on one vendor only. They like to diversify, and 
they like to develop multiple vendors for even the similar product or the same product, 
point number two. Point number three is that actually, assuming that economies of 
scale will come to a vendor just because he has a higher scale is a very immature-ish 
kind of an assumption. The reason being is that a lot depends upon the location, where 
are you servicing the client and what are the cost structure you have on running your 
operations. And just to assume that if somebody has a bigger size is going to be much 
more efficient is actually probably not right. In our industry where value additions are 
typically not very high and labor cost constitutes significant portion, it is dependent on 
how efficiently you run your systems and processes, how good is your quality system, 
how best you can manage your shop floors and with less rejection, etc. That decides the 
cost structure. And believe me a client doesn't pay extra to any of the OEs who are 
supplying the product to them. I can assure you this thing that in our industry most of 
the players give a very similar pricing. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Got it. This is helpful that you clarified this point is that there are no economies of scale 
and that we have to be present in different locations. Related question is, in terms of 
different (Inaudible) (48.53) is there anything that you would say that one company 
differs from the other and one here or there, or there is no really differentiation in this 
space as such? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Differentiation are there, they are in individual companies DNA, how you are running 
your operations. In our industry actually there are three things which we keep on telling 
our investors also, which is called (QCD) quality, cost, and delivery. So, quality and 
delivery is same for anybody and cost is same for everybody. Actually, if you look at it all 
the three things you have to match consistently to retain the client and grow your 
business. If you are matching and doing that then the customer has no reason to 
actually change the vendors. Once they develop a vendor then typically the 
relationships last very long, and it is the company which has to work on all the three 
things always to meet the client's requirement. And we have had relationships with 
some of the clients for more than 20-30 years also actually and some of the leading 
brands in India. 
Rajat Setiya: 
All of our plants in the product business are nearer to the clients? 

17 
 
Pramod Gupta: 
What happens for plastic business it is important to have your plants near your client's 
location. But when you are doing product business, then your plants need not be very 
near to your client's location. But since we have a very strategic location of the plants in 
North India and West India, so we are able to cater to our customer's requirement in a 
very effective manner and we are able to offer solutions to them at different locations 
on a pan-India basis. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Over the last 3-4 years we have spent some 50 plus crores of CAPEX. If you can spend a 
minute on which kind of capabilities, did you spend money on and how did that help, 
these were on capacity expansions as well as what could be really the impact of the 
same? 
Pramod Gupta: 
As we have been always telling you and we are repeating again, that last few years 
company has been trying to transform itself from a plastic molding company to a 
product company. And that is the journey company has undertaken for last 3-4 years 
and whatever CAPEX has been done, has been done in that direction only. Few years 
back we started air coolers, then we started washing machines and then we started air 
conditioners. And now we are trying to expand our volumes and our business in these 
categories only. When we started our business, the core idea was wherever the plastic is 
a major cost below material costs and that should be our easy business entrance. And 
our existing plastic business, where we are the largest consumer durable player for the 
plastic components in India, that gives a very good entry point to different customers. 
They know our credibility, they know our delivery, so they are very happy, and they are 
comfortable in entering into new business arrangements with us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line Ashok Agarwal an Individual Investor. 
Ashok Agarwal: 
My question is that about two months back the company announced some disruptions 
at Ahmednagar manufacturing facility due to COVID and all, are those operations 
restored to normalcy now? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Pune was having a very strict lockdown and Ahmednagar was also having a very strict 
lockdown, whole Maharashtra probably was seeing very tough conditions. We were 
making ACs here for AC in making the heat exchanger you require oxygen which the 
company, the supplier has actually stopped providing us. And even the clients were not 
picking up the materials because of the closure of most of the shops, etc. There was a 

18 
 
big inventory pile up at the customer or the dealer’s end and because of which there 
has been a disruption. But in the last 1-2 weeks what we are seeing is that there has 
been a little bit of a positive improvement, plans are getting revised upwards, after a 
very long time like almost 6-7 weeks where we were continuously seeing a down 
movement of the production plans. Last week and this week for the first time some of 
our customers have actually started reopening and we are seeing some pick up in the 
volumes. But still, we are not running anywhere near to the full capacity, utilization 
levels are pretty low. We are just kind of coming back to the business and hopefully in 
the coming weeks and months things should normalize. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Vishal Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Vishal Shah: 
I just wanted to know how we are going to strengthen our R&D facility? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Actually, if you look at our company, we have been trying to rebuild the businesses, in 
the sense that we are building each segment carefully, so we have been aggressively 
hiring across all segments. Each of the segments has its own R&D team, own design 
team which has been kind of built and has been strengthened every year. So, it is not 
that it is a one-time exercise, and it is a continuous thing which is happening, and we are 
a growing organization hiring. Also, in the call in the initial comments we mentioned we 
have now an ESOP plan, and we are matching the salaries or benefits to the employees 
and prospective employees and trying to recruit the best employees in each of the 
segments from the industry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Mehta, an Individual Investor. 
Deepak Mehta: 
My question is around the utilization, as so you said that our products seasonal basis 
demand is there. So, on aspirational level what is the desired utilization you would be 
looking for a financial year in an annual basis? 
Pramod Gupta: 
It is not about my desire; it is actually the market and how my clients do. They perform 
in the marketplace if they do well, I will do well as well. We will ideally like all our clients 
do well and gain market share and do their volumes. Last one year has been a very 
difficult year for whole of the industry and as we know there has been disruption time 
and again in terms of production, selling, etc. Once things normalize, we will all be back 
to our normal levels of production and utilization levels which vary across each segment 
and across the time period. Like say, in the summers when we are making the products, 

19 
 
the AC manufacturing unit run at about 90% plus utilization but as the winters approach 
or in the month of the rainy season that utilization comes down significantly and it has 
nothing to do with anything, it is just that the sales do not happen in India in the rainy 
season in AC. Same things happens for other things also. So ideally, we will like the 
things to be good all around the year but seasonality we do not have control over. We 
are hopeful that next year when things normalize, we will be back to our good utilization 
levels across multiple segments which are optimal to give good profitability throughout 
the year. 
Deepak Mehta: 
My second question is that what is the revenue distribution, it is 100% from the 
domestic market or we have some exports as well? 
Pramod Gupta: 
At present everything is domestic only. We are not doing any export. Very small export 
we tried in washing machine last year which was a very-very small number nothing to 
really mention about. 
Deepak Mehta: 
And what is the typical contract period or years of contracts which you are signing new 
contracts for new CAPEX so it is for 5 years plus if you can throw some light Sir. 
Pramod Gupta: 
In our industry the contract that we sign with the customers have little meaning. It is 
actually depending upon how the customer is doing in the market. He will give you 
some assurances or he will give you some kind of a commitment that is if he is able to 
sell, he will source from you. You will be his prime vendor, or you will be his second 
vendor or whatever. But the issue is that he has to do well in the marketplace and your 
product which he is selling has to gain market share in the market for him to do well. 
Now if the products are doing well and they are getting sold well in the market you 
continue to do well, and our endeavor is always to add more customers, do more sales, 
take input from customers in designing the product and bettering the product every 
year in terms of features and ratings, etc. And R&D team and design team keeps on 
working on those initiatives on how to make the product look better, perform better 
and they give good value for money.  So, based on that if the client gains market share, 
the product does well. The commitments have very little value actually in our industry. 
Even if the client gives you a commitment in the product business I am saying, especially 
if he is not going to sell, he is not going to source. 

20 
 
Moderator: 
As this was the last question for the day, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Deepak Agarwal for closing comments. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks everyone for joining this call and thanks a lot management for giving your 
valuable time for this call and also giving us this opportunity to hold this call. Sir any 
closing remarks that you want to make. 
Pramod Gupta: 
We just want to wish everybody a safe and happy this year hopefully we all recover well 
and come out of this pandemic in a healthy manner and without any accident. That is all 
from our side. We are trying our best to keep our plants and working conditions safe 
and good and healthy, and we wish the same for everybody. Thank you. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thank you so much and thanks everyone for joining this call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
