Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | 102, Wellington Business Park-I, Off Andheri Kurla Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059 
Communication Office |P 659, 6th floor, Tower C, JMD Megapolis, Sohna Road, Sector – 48, Gurgaon:122018 
(P) 0124-4992914 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990MH1994PLC080451 
 
 
 
 
AIL/SE/RCT/Q4/2020-21 
 
 
 
 
 
                      June 17, 2021 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G 
Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the fourth quarter and year ended March 
31, 2021 conducted on May 31, 2021 at 10:00AM IST 
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, May 
31, 2021 at 10:00AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the fourth quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2021. 
 
The same shall also be available on the Company’s website. 
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
Q4 & 12M FY2021 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 31, 2021 at 10:00AM IST  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
      
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairman, Managing Director 
& Chief Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations 
Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Hardik Sangani – ICICI Securities  
 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
2 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle (India) Limited Q4 
and FY2021 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘1’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Hardik 
Sangani from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Hardik Sangani: 
Thank you Janice. Good morning everyone. I hope everyone is keeping safe and 
well. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to the Q4 and 12M 
FY2021 conference call of Affle (India) Limited. I take this opportunity to 
welcome the management of Affle (India) Limited represented by Mr. Anuj 
Khanna Sohum who is the Chairman, Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Office and Mr. Kapil Bhutani who is the Chief Financial and Operations Officer of 
the Company. 
 
Before we begin with the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today’s conference call maybe forward-looking in nature 
and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to slide #17 of the 
company’s earning presentation for a detailed disclaimer. I will now hand over 
the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening remarks. Thanks and over to 
you Anuj. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of 
you are keeping in good health.  
 
Affle concluded another landmark year with our continued focus on sustainable 
value creation. I am incredibly proud that we successfully delivered our promise 
to hit the 3 centuries and achieved 103crore+ PAT, 103crore+ Cash flow from 
Operations and 105million+ conversions in FY2021.   
 
We are a young entrepreneurial company with a pioneering vision and a 
passionate leadership executing on our Affle2.0 strategy anchored on 2Vs 
(Vernacular and Verticalization) and 2Os (OEMs and Operator) partnerships. We 
have a consistent track record across India and global emerging markets. Affle is 
‘Built to Last’. We are committed to our vision of reaching over 10Bn connected 
devices in this decade ahead. 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
3 
 
 
Changing macro landscape with greater consumer adoption of mobile & 
connected devices is increasingly driving the advertiser budget shifts towards 
ROI and data focused mobile marketing. Global brands and app marketers are 
increasingly engaging with us, for powering their mobile-first digital journey and 
delivering them high value business outcomes.  
Affle delivered a broad-based growth coming from both CPCU business and Non-
CPCU business, from existing and new customers across the Top-10 industry 
verticals in India and global emerging markets. The CPCU business noted strong 
momentum delivering 29.6 million conversions in Q4, an increase of 81.7% y-o-y 
and taking the total converted users delivered in the full year to 105.3 million. 
Our tech enabled platform-focused innovations as part of Affle2.0 strategy 
played out well in FY2021. We successfully integrated our platforms, teams and 
IP Portfolio to unlock innovative vernacular consumer experiences and deeper 
verticalization across key customer segments. We also augmented our mobile 
OEM & Operators partnerships to power an open internet connected ecosystem. 
This has further strengthened our consumer platform and enabled greater ROI 
impact for our advertisers. 
Our efforts towards enhancing our human resource capabilities and building 
local on-ground presence in some of the international geographies are also 
paying off well and driving traction for the business. 
Affle Platforms have been consistently recognized in the industry as top 
performers and were recently awarded 51 wins across categories & geographies 
in the latest edition of the AppsFlyer Performance Index 2021. Affle continues 
to also be recognized as a Great Place to Work by the Great Places To Work® 
Institute in 2021. We take pride in our values to build an inclusive culture that 
boosts innovation, collaboration, learning, fun and entrepreneurship! 
We thank all the investors and shareholders for their support to our strategic 
fundraise process. We had an approval to raise Rs. 1,080 crore, of which we 
decided to allocate Rs. 600 crore in QIP. We see this underpinning our growth 
and global expansion plans while we continue to evaluate credible inorganic 
opportunities that shall further enhance value for all our stakeholders.  
We also remain in deep gratitude to our teams whose endless support even in 
Covid times led to our all-round consistent performance. Affle has been highly 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
4 
 
responsive in ensuring its employees safety and also contributed in well-
governed covid relief funds to support the community at large. 
With that, I handover this discussion to our CFO, Kapil Bhutani to discuss the 
financials. Thank you and over to you, Kapil! 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thanks Anuj and a warm welcome to all the participants on the call today. 
Wishing everyone a good day and hope all of you are keeping safe in these 
COVID times. 
 
Continuing our y-o-y growth momentum - In FY2021, the Company reported 
Revenue from Operations of Rs. 5,168 million, a growth of 54.8% y-o-y. Our Q4 
FY2021 revenue stood at Rs. 1,416 million, a growth of 76.9% y-o-y.  
 
Our EBITDA for FY2021 increased by 46.4% y-o-y while the Q4 FY2021 EBITDA 
increased by 63.4% y-o-y. Although our third quarter in any year is the highest 
quarter due to business seasonality driven by festive sales and therefore, Q4 vs. 
Q3 (sequential comparison) will not be a good way to analyse. However, if we 
just compare our OPEX sequentially, our overall OPEX has come down. Our 
Employee cost sequentially was stable. Our Inventory and Data cost in Q4 
FY2021 was at 57.4% of revenue from operations vs. 57.9% in Q3 and in line to 
Q4 last year. 
Our minority investments have done well. We exited Indus OS while continue to 
be invested in Bobble AI. We recorded Gain on these investments in Q4 FY2021.  
Pursuant to the introduction of the Finance Bill 2021, we had a one-time tax 
expense as ‘Deferred Tax liability on Goodwill’ amounting to Rs. 11.52 million in 
Q4 and Rs. 14.18 million in FY2021 due to change in the tax base. 
To provide clarity on our business operations, we have Normalized Profit After 
Tax for the mentioned one-time Items, in our Earnings Presentation uploaded on 
the Stock Exchanges and on the Company’s website. 
Our Normalized Profit After Tax for the year was Rs. 1,031 million, an increase 
of 57.4% y-o-y. Our Profit After Tax  for Q4 FY2021 was Rs. 265 million, an 
increase of 73.6% y-o-y. Without adjusting for one time Items, our Profit After 
Tax was much higher.  
We remain focused on working capital management and our collections have 
been robust throughout the year. Our cash flow from operations was Rs. 1,030 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
5 
 
million in FY2021, a y-o-y growth of 43.4% and the adjusted OCF-to-PAT Ratio 
was 100%. 
With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Hardik Sangani from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Hardik Sangani: 
In terms of the new pricing changes such as Google’s cohort-based advertising, 
what is the possible impact that may come in the advertising industry as a 
whole and how will it affect our operations? Secondly, wanted to get a breakup 
of organic and inorganic revenue on a Y-o-Y basis in Q4 and overall for FY2021. 
Lastly, in terms of investments, are we looking to enter into specific segments 
from the recent QIP proceeds?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thanks for your question. In regard to whatever Google is doing, we are not an 
immediate competitor to Google. On the contrary, most of the advertisers 
typically spend their budgets on digital advertising very differently, marking 
certain parts of the budget that go to Google/Facebook or their related 
networks. The teams looking at those budgets are usually different from the 
teams that look at the non-Google/Facebook part of the pie. Therefore, the 
non-Google/Facebook part of the pie continues to grow consistently. Most of 
the analysts in developed markets where digital advertising is a much bigger 
part of the total advertising, have opined that the non-Google/non-Facebook 
part of the pie is growing at least as fast as the overall digital advertising pie, if 
not faster. We are also seeing similar dynamics in emerging markets where we 
are partners with Google. The advertisers working with us can also spend some 
parts of their Google/Facebook budgets and sign on to our platforms to deliver 
conversions. Hence, we have no concerns about whatever Google/Facebook 
might continue to do as every platform should continue to innovate and evolve. 
At this moment, we are fine with co-existing, the addressable market is very 
large and such has been the case for last many years. The market dynamics are 
well settled and we are not head-on competing with Google or Facebook.  
 
In response to your question related to QIP and strategic investments going 
forward - As a company, we have delivered a successful track record of 
executing M&As and minority investments. We are extremely prudent in 
managing our investments, integrating them and turning them around to 
become more profitable growth-oriented companies, powered by our tech and 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
6 
 
IP integrations with them. We have a robust growth strategy. Therefore, QIP 
was also premised not just on inorganic growth but also on organic growth and 
expansion plans of the company. So, we are looking at expanding into new 
geographies and also doubling down on our 2Vs and 2Os strategy in the existing 
markets. We also continue to evaluate target companies and always had a long 
courtship period before making any investment. We have a mature pipeline and 
as and when we will find the right target, the deal dynamics will emerge. We 
will do the disclosures and announcements for the inorganic plans accordingly. 
In terms of the revenue mix - organic vs. inorganic, last year was a phenomenal 
success for us on all fronts. So, qualitatively we have put every single business 
unit that we own on a strong growth trajectory and also ensured that on a per 
business unit basis, we achieve profitability and cash flow positive performance, 
which I am extremely proud of. When you acquire a company, eventually you 
have to turn it around and we have a shown a strong track record on that front. 
Now over to Kapil to give some specific numbers with respect to this quarter on 
organic vs. inorganic. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thanks Anuj. For Q4, we have about 18% revenue contribution coming from 
inorganic and about 7% PAT contribution from inorganic. This is the contribution 
of the Appnext, which was acquired last year in June. Mediasmart was acquired 
in Q4 last year and is a part of the organic growth this quarter. 
Hardik Sangani: 
Thanks Sir. A follow-up question, in Q4 we have typically seen a greater decline 
in the past, but seasonality effect this quarter has been lower. Any specific 
reason for that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
October, November, December quarter is typically the highest quarter for any 
advertising company business and Affle is no different. This consistent pattern 
can be seen in our last year's earnings presentation. Also, October, November, 
December in 2020 were more balanced out because of COVID. The advertisers 
put bigger budgets during that time because of Diwali, Christmas and school 
holidays. This year they balanced it out a bit between Q3 and Q4 which was 
already anticipated. The overall growth momentum of our business in Q4 has 
been really strong on all parameters including our consumer platform business, 
CPCU and Non-CPCU business, in the existing and new markets. It has been an 
all-around positive growth and that is why this Q4, the CPCU growth is over 80% 
in terms of the number of conversions that Affle delivered. This has boosted our 
confidence that everything is going well across industry verticals, existing and 
new markets. We should analyze on the standalone basis or Q4 to Q4 basis for a 
deeper comparison and not spend too much analysis on Q3 vs. Q4 for this time. 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
7 
 
Hardik Sangani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishit Parikh from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thanks for taking my question. Firstly, how do we see growth in the next year 
panning out as some of these markets will start to recover in terms of spending? 
We have got an international presence plus we started to invest in as well, so 
how do we see the growth between international and India and also between 
mass and retargeting? What are the key drivers in each of these markets that 
would attribute to the next year?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thanks Rishit. We have always stayed away from giving short-term guidance, 
but the outlook for the immediate next year as well as for the next five years is 
extremely optimistic for Affle. Let me give you some macro insights on that and 
then I will drill down further on our specific situation. In terms of emerging 
markets specifically in India, the total mobile marketing spends as a percentage 
of the total advertising spend is around 20%. In developed markets, most of the 
mobile marketing digital spends are already at about 50% of the total 
advertising spends. It tells us that we will experience a similar pattern or an 
accelerated pattern of growth because of the COVID situation as the advertising 
spends in emerging markets like India will move from 20% of the total ad spend 
to 50%. This might happen in the next three odd years is my opinion. Our 
outlook is extremely optimistic because the advertisers have no choice but to 
spend on mobile and digital smartphone-connected devices to get the attention 
of the consumers. The consumers thus have accelerated their adoption curve 
with respect to all kinds of lifestyle services across our categories E, F, G and H 
which are E-commerce, Entertainment, Education, Fintect, Foodtech, FMCG, 
Government, Gaming, Groceries, Healthtech and all of these categories 
contribute over 90% of our revenues. The adoption of the consumers on these 
categories will continue to increase and they will do more new, repeat, online 
and offline conversions. We will see an all-around balanced growth across these 
parameters. In terms of specific clarity, ever since we went public or even 
before that during roadshows, we have always consistently committed to deliver 
at least 25% CAGR growth over the next five years. Affle has grown substantially 
since IPO over the last two years and the base keeps changing. Even with the 
new base, we are committed to y-o-y as well as CAGR growth of about 25% to 
30% for the next five years. The growth is largely anchored on the fact that the 
macro factors are playing with massive tailwinds and continued momentum in 
Affle’s business especially across emerging markets. In terms of India and 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
8 
 
international business, the current balance is about 50%:50%. We see that India 
will also continue to grow at a good pace and the international markets would 
grow ahead of the average growth trends in those markets. We are a global 
platform and are relatively smaller in those markets and the number of 
geographies is quite a number. We have no restrictions in which geographies we 
can deliver business. We can say that going forward the shift should be in favor 
of international markets in the 60%:40% approximate range as we go through the 
next year or so and find a certain balance over time. But I am also surprised to 
see that how quickly and deeply we can grow within India on vernacular and 
verticalization strategies and eventually end up with a better balance in favor 
of India. So, the balance will certainly shift in favor of international in the long 
term. Hope that answers your question. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Surely it answers. Which are the other international geographies that we are 
planning to get into? Also, which are the key geographies where we are planning 
to have a much larger dominant presence similar to where India is today for the 
Company?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
We have the rightful business plan, business model, technology and team-based 
differentiation to establish ourselves as one of the market leaders within most 
of the global emerging markets, as the Affle’s key strategy. In India, we are 
already there. We look to achieve this in Southeast Asia, Middle-East Africa and 
LATAM and this will be both organic and inorganic. We must make sure to 
execute on our focus towards other emerging markets. As we do that, we are 
seeing very interesting opportunities to enter into niche positions in developed 
markets like North America, Europe, Japan, Korea and so on. We are placing 
very calibrated bets and are seeing a global opportunity for our business where 
our strong position in India should give us a clear right to establish market 
leadership across all emerging global markets. As we know, India is one of the 
toughest emerging markets in the world and if we can achieve it here, we 
should be able to do that in other global markets as well. It will go in sequence 
to Southeast Asia, LATAM and Middle East Africa and some others in the next 
few years. We should be able to achieve that and we are also not leaving 
developed markets out of our purview. Let us make sure to go very niche in 
certain verticals and segments and to give the more established players in 
developed markets a run for their money because we are exceptionally 
competent to deliver business in developed markets as well. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Will the developed market strategy largely be driven around Appnext, 
Mediasmart essentially? Is that the trend? 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
9 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Each platform of ours and capabilities is equally relevant globally. It is not that 
some platforms are only for emerging markets and some are for developed 
markets, but we may deploy a different strategy. When we get into a new 
market, we may choose to enter with a particular set of strategies over others. 
We always optimize it accordingly. Our thought process is to go in with one and 
then everything else follows behind it. We do not limit ourselves by execution 
strategies and we are not concerned with which way we go first. All our 
platforms are given the prioritization that helps us dominate emerging markets 
and also keep an eye on developed markets and execute on them. We do not 
limit any of our platforms from global possibilities and all our platforms have 
deep execution capabilities. Also, if you look at our management team, we have 
a very global management team with proven execution capabilities and by no 
stretch of an imagination limited to any particular geography. 
Rishit Parikh: 
That was very detailed. Last question on the risk side. How do you see the 
ecosystem changing and responding to the change in Google’s and iOS privacy 
policy changes in terms of data, apps may collect and keep notifying the users 
on the same? Also, how are we placed in terms of investments as some players 
like InMobi, one of the competitors who is getting into a more data strategy, to 
own the data by getting into products like Glance, etc.? What is our strategy 
and how do we think we are placed in that ecosystem? Thanks. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Firstly, we have to look at the fundamentals of the business model that are 
already at play. Whenever advertising is happening on digital, it is always for 
the benefit of the consumer, getting service on an app or a website either free 
or subsidized. That is why the consumers would typically opt-in. Now, iOS and 
Google are saying that we need to ensure that the users are opting in and users 
are better informed by each of these apps which are delivering an ad. So, the 
opt-in has to be done properly. We are well supportive of that, as an industry to 
progress to - consumers should know why they are giving consent or not. All of 
us as individuals on our phones would have experienced while using an app or 
when we land on a website, the privacy statement and it wants us to kindly 
accept. We move on most of the times and quicky accept it in order to access 
that app/website. That is the behavior pattern of all consumers. As we have 
some business in the US, we are also seeing that on iOS14, we can take some of 
the data and sample it on a statistically valid sample size to see that a lot of 
consumers are giving consent for a good number of apps and services. 
Therefore, the ecosystem will fundamentally need to go back and see if the 
consumers are willing to pay & not give consent to see ads, or are they willing 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
10 
 
to give consent and use the ad subsidized app. Here the interesting point is that 
the developed market consumers will behave slightly differently from emerging 
market consumers. Any sample testing that we have done in emerging markets 
like India or others in the world to say if you will opt for an ad subsidized app 
vs. if you reject the ad consent, you will get a more expensive version of it. 
Consumers in emerging markets are more than willing to give consent. We are 
not so stuck about it. Of course, the segments of consumers who are worried 
about their data would be smaller. Once the consumers give consent then it is 
business as usual. For consumers not giving their consent, there are other ways 
of behavioral targeting. If there are statistically large enough samples of users 
whose data is being processed through the system and if you are able to run 
your algorithms, then you can say that device A will behave in a certain way. 
We have no deep data on an individualized basis, but we have some cohort-
based broad analysis.  So, we should still be able to do meaningful advertising 
on those devices as well. At the moment, we are not seeing any dramatic 
changes in emerging markets happening because the iOS impact is very low in 
India and Google has not followed iOS so quickly. Google would probably take 
some time before they follow iOS14. By then, Affle would have already built a 
fair amount of adaptation with respect to these changes. Therefore, there is no 
immediate impact otherwise we wouldn’t be so optimistic about our forward 
guidance for the next three to five years. Our OEM and operator strategy adds 
another layer of defense on this. The OEMs and operators have a lot of 
autonomy with respect to android devices especially in emerging markets. When 
we partner and make them our stakeholder in terms of the monetization 
possibilities of advertising revenue in this ecosystem, we get deeper insights. In 
terms of gaining access to data as you mentioned for InMobi, it is doing 
something like a Glance and working with OEMs for one of the products. They 
are going more into content apps similar to TikTok, Roposo, while Affle has 
gone deeper on the utilities like the keyboard. We are going deeper into that by 
investing, owning and monetizing. Hence, gaining deeper insights. Let me give 
you one simple insight - a keyboard on a device is used more than 100 times by 
each of us on an average per day across every single app that we have on our 
device and the keyboard must show up. But the minus one screen or some other 
content screen has a very limited touchpoint with the user. Even if someone is 
viewing  video content for 15, 20 or 30 minutes in a day, it would still be one of 
the contexts of the experience whereas the keyboard is used across all kinds of 
contexts of the E, F, G, H categories or even more. Therefore, our approach and 
strategy on that front is sound with respect to vernacular & verticalization. This 
is the reason why we have investment in Bobble AI. We are executing deeply on 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
11 
 
our 2Os i.e. OEM and Operator Partnerships and 2Vs i.e. verticalization and 
vernacular strategy for global emerging markets. Our strategy is clear for the 
growth journey ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mridul Shah from 
Amara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mridul Shah: 
Congratulations on a fantastic year. How do you see the Ad tech market shaping 
up in a broader sense especially with respect to the efficacy around the 
targeted marketing? Do you see the digital ad space market continuing its 
effectiveness? One of the articles compared the digital ad space market to the 
subprime crisis of 2007. How do you see it shaping up in the broader sense? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Let us look at the two macro factors - the advertising must only happen where 
the consumer attention is. Consumer attention is deeply on smartphone-
connected devices. Other mediums like TV, print, radio are falling short by a 
mile in terms of catching consumer attention vis-a-vis digitally connected 
devices. When we view it from the lens of two particular consumer segments, 
one is the youth who have no interest in anything but a connected device from a 
media consumption point of view. The other is the rural audiences who due to 
limited affordability, would probably invest in owning just a single connected 
device. They will use that for all forms of lifestyle, business needs as well as 
personal, entertainment or consumption. There is no doubt to me that the 
advertisers have no option but to spend on digital advertising. Now the efficacy 
of digital advertising with consumer privacy taken care of, is a very sensible 
balance that needs to be achieved. The governments on that have said that 
there needs to be data privacy law and personal data protection act. It started 
in Singapore, Europe and the US. There consumers had a regulatory right to give 
consent or to withdraw the consent and that consent was being managed on a 
broad basis. Now, iOS14 particularly impacting developed markets said that the 
consent has to be much more explicit and all of these trends have already been 
behind us. Though iOS14 verdict still needs to be out, but initial trends suggest 
it is not going to stop the advertisers from spending more of their advertising 
spends on digital. It will certainly not stop the consumers from using the 
services that they want to use without paying for them by consenting to take 
ads. We are reasonably confident about the macro factors. In terms of how 
exactly will this pan out and what will happen with Google/Facebook. That is a 
separate issue because they are advertising companies later but first and 
foremost they are consumer services where they are directly taking a lot of data 
from the consumers and are always under the radar from a regulatory 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
12 
 
perspective. If I may say, what Apple is doing is much more targeted towards 
Google, Facebook than anybody else. The competing forces as well as 
regulatory forces are going to trim or contain the abilities of the larger players 
in the market and the rest of the players will become beneficiaries of that 
because the budgets would spill over in greater favour of the open internet 
ecosystem. In the US, which is the largest digital advertising market in the 
world with so many listed companies in the space, even their analysts are 
bullish despite 50% of the market being exposed to iOS14. The macro factors are 
supportive and the emerging markets are android heavy. Google is completely a 
digital advertising business model-focused company. They are not going to do 
something that will derail its business ecosystem. In partnership with OEMs and 
operators, we also hedge our risk substantially from anything that Google might 
do on its android platform. When you partner with the OEMs, you get on-device 
insights that do not necessarily require Google's permission because it does not 
go through the Google Play store ecosystem all the time. This is how we are 
keeping ourselves balanced. We have seen massive shifts in the ecosystem of 
Nokia, Blackberry but we have not seen any change in the consumer adoption of 
mobile devices. Over time, the consumers and advertisers adoption has only 
grown. Therefore, the rest of the ecosystem may fluctuate but Affle is 
extremely grounded in entrepreneurial resourcefulness and how to maneuver 
and deliver value and growth in this ever-changing ecosystem. 
Mridul Shah: 
Completely agree. Just a quick follow-up on what gives you sleepless nights? Do 
you fear any technological disruption, or do you see any new synergies coming 
into play?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I deeply care about our team and people at Affle. Our numbers are always 
growth-oriented and strong, irrespective of COVID. There is no doubt in my 
mind that we will continue to deliver financially strong performance but what I 
care deeply about is people at Affle and especially when they or their families 
are unwell. How do you lead in such a time with empathy and concern? That is 
sometimes concerning. You are forced to surrender in such times because you 
can’t control everything. Just because you are the CEO or the Chairman, you 
cannot solve every part of the puzzle. Sometimes you must let things happen 
and you can only pray & hold on to things. We were deeply affected by the loss 
of one of our colleagues last year. This year many people at Affle have lost their 
family members but fortunately, we had no loss of any Affle employee. What I 
am coming down to is that how we have built a thriving culture where we take 
care of our team, carry everybody together as stakeholders, not just help them 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
13 
 
in their career growth but also the wealth creation journey. Affle is extremely 
grounded on that, sharing and carrying everybody along together. Throughout 
COVID, we did not have any cost-cutting or any measure that would be unfair to 
the employees. Rather if you see our OPEX side, we consistently made efforts to 
ensure that bonuses/appraisals are given on time. We have gone a step ahead 
and paid advances to people whose families were affected, gave loans from the 
company if needed and so on. Thus, culture of the organization is what we 
deeply care about. Today, we are almost 400 people strong across many 
geographies. We are making sure that in these tough times when people are not 
coming to office, they are still connected and deeply invested in making sure 
that we build a very solid culture of togetherness and care. People know that if 
you stay at Affle, then we all will grow together along with our families end 
everyone will be safe and taken care of. 
Mridul Shah: 
Right, great to hear that. Thanks Anuj and wishing you and the team all the 
very best! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moonshot 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Anuj, I have two questions. Firstly, I want to understand about connected TV 
strategy, which is quite exploding and revenue from them is increasing much 
faster than the mobile advertisement. Secondly, how are we trying to tackle 
that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On your first question - the comment that you made is largely true for North 
America as the leading developed geography. It is not entirely true for emerging 
markets like India where connectivity is still at a nascent stage. Though Affle 
has already launched its products, propositions and partnerships strategy for 
connected TV. We are early stage, but are watching this space closely with 
emerging markets like India specific and other emerging market-specific lens. 
We are comfortable with where we are in the space and hence, are not reacting 
to it in any delayed sense. We have been proactive, early and are investing in 
that space. We see it as a long-term growth story even in emerging markets but 
unlike in developed markets where it is on the bigger TV screen and the 
connected TV. We will see a lot more mobile-based consumption of OTT in the 
emerging markets. There are multiple ways to define connected TV and there is 
a massive opportunity for growth. We are investing in it holistically and are on 
top of the game as we have a dedicated team which is just looking at that.   

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
14 
 
Vikas Mistry: 
That is helpful. Our data costs are quite high as compared to global peers 
because we are operating on the CPCU method. Going forward, do you think 
that as operating leverage kicks in and as algo data richness increases, can we 
hope the data cost to decline and algorithms will become more efficient? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The data costs in any emerging geography will be relatively higher because of 
the larger population in emerging markets. We have a higher per capita usage of 
mobile apps and devices in emerging markets vs. the revenue. So, let’s compare 
the value of one user conversion in India vs. the user conversion in North 
America. And what is the average data being generated by the user in North 
America vs. an average user in India. We will find that the data generation in 
India is larger than the data generation in developed markets because data 
plans are cheaper, there are a lot of people and they have a lot of time. In 
developed markets, the cloud computing cost, the server cost on platforms such 
as Amazon Cloud, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Cloud, etc. do not say that the 
server or data is coming in from Indian devices or they are going to charge us 
lesser for processing on bandwidth and server processing power, compared to if 
the data is coming anywhere else. So, when you talk about large scalable 
humongous volumes of data especially India and on low unit economics of 
revenue, you will find that Affle is exceptionally competitive. Affle has a strong 
unit economic model delivering profitability which is a big competitive 
advantage when we go into developed markets. Because you know we will find 
that we are getting paid more, our cost is lesser, our profitability could be 
higher. For various such reasons, we had chosen to focus on emerging markets 
largely. We will slowly open that comparative advantage in developed markets 
as well overtime. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Last question. We have done acquisitions of Mediasmart & Appnext and they are 
newer businesses with low ROEs. Affle has improved them significantly leading 
to their margin expansion. What will be our strategy going forward in terms of 
acquisitions? Are we going to buy out mature businesses or Salesforce kind of 
acquisitions or something capability kind of acquisitions? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As you might have noticed our acquisition strategy over a period of time, we 
have acquired more technologically focused businesses. But Geographic focus 
was the second main reason. As we go forward, the geographic expansion would 
be the main dominant factor for us than the technological factor because we 
have all the key stacks in our tech platforms at the moment.  
Vikas Mistry: 
That is helpful. Thank you. 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal & 
Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations Anuj on a great year. Thanks for 
the clarity on the iOS and android privacy. I have a couple of questions. First is, 
as you said that Google might take another two to three years to introduce 
privacy measures like Apple did for iOS. So, do you see the accuracy of mobile 
advertising reducing over the next two to three years as more and more privacy 
norms are released, thereby impacting our realizations or increasing the data 
acquisition cost?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Short answer to that is no. First of all, our business is calibrated and anchored 
on emerging markets. Thus, we are deeply android skewed and in that sense, 
we are insulated with respect to changes happening in iOS14 in developed 
markets. Since iOS has a very little exposure or market share as compared to 
android, in emerging markets, thus we are deeply insulated from those changes. 
That gives us a huge advantage and privilege because we will be able to analyze 
what is happening in iOS14. Using that knowledge, we can build models, 
predictions, action plans with respect to what might happen on android if this 
were to be done in a few years time on android as well. Now android and iOS 
are very different ecosystems because iOS is completely in control of Apple. 
Apple can make any change if they want whereas on Android, Google has to 
work with OEMs and consider their factors because each of them has varying 
levels of control and autonomy with respect to what they do on their devices. 
Affle is already deeply partnered with operators and OEMs across emerging 
markets and therefore, we are making sure that we have much deeper 
capabilities and insights with respect to any future changes that might come. 
The second difference between these two ecosystems from a larger emerging 
market vs. developed markets perspective is that the consumers, people like 
you and me are much happier to give consent and have a cheaper ad-funded 
experience vis-a-vis developed markets where there would be more proportion 
of users who will be willing to pay for it but will not want to see an ad. In that 
sense in emerging markets, we expect a much higher percentage of consent vs. 
that in developed markets. Therefore, once the percentage of consent reaches 
a certain statistical threshold then it does not matter because our system does 
not work necessarily on each device and already works on aggregated insights. 
You and I may have never met, but you and I might be behaving so similarly on 
our mobile-connected devices. There are a few hundreds of consumer segments 
and patterns, which most people conform into. As long as we can gain that level 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
16 
 
of statistical valid sensible capabilities, then the systems would work and 
perform and will not see any efficacy issues. Hope that answers your question. 
We are pretty confident that a) the changes on Android in emerging markets 
will take a fair bit of time to happen and even when those changes happen the 
OEMs and operators would have a say and we in partnership with them would 
have an ability to gain deeper insights and b) there will be enough and 
sufficient statistical sampling of consumers who will be giving their consent 
because of the fundamentals of achieving a cheaper ad-funded service vs. non-
consented, non-ad funded premium service.  
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for this answer. My second and third question is regarding what 
would be the latest employee count and when is the next wage hike cycle be? 
Please throw some light on why the finance cost is slightly spiked in this 
quarter? Also, if you could give the EBITDA margin profile in this quarter?  
Kapil Bhutani: 
As Anuj mentioned, we have 400+ employees around the world today. The 
major appraisal cycle will happen in October. We had shifted the April appraisal 
cycles last year for unifying it with October cycle. We earlier had two appraisal 
cycles. There would be a small percentage of employees who got their 
increments in the April cycle also. Thus, the effect is seen in Q1 as well. On the 
EBITDA margin, the (adjusted) EBITDA margins are about 18% to 20% on 
forecasted basis for the Appnext side. On the finance cost, there are two 
elements to it, a) the financing was taken by the company to do an acquisition 
of Appnext last year, which was about USD 10 million in Singapore and the cost 
is coming from that side. Secondly, the contingent consideration which is to be 
paid over a period of three years on these acquisitions is discounted for fair 
value & present value and this cost is reflected in P&L. This is an non-outgoing 
cash, but is accounted as an interest item for the present value of the liabilities 
due in future for more than two years. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you and best of luck for the next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just one question - any clarity on the 
inventory base and eventual CPCU rates in the domestic market? Are we seeing 
any uptake, downtake on these parameters? Our check suggests that inventory 
cost in general is going up, so are we getting commensurated with higher CPCU 
on an incremental basis? Secondly, the iOS14 impact on the Affle’s International 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
17 
 
market, though we understand India is largely an Android market but an overall 
exposure for us? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Firstly on the CPCU rate, we have been holding steady and our strategy is clear 
that we are going for volume, scale and growth. When we do that, we 
automatically derive certain efficiencies along the way. We are not trying to 
change our CPCU price too much and giving higher ROI outcomes & benefits to 
our advertisers across the industrial verticals. In terms of the inventory rates, 
the observation that the inventory rates are going up is not true. We have a 
natural leverage because we are a larger player in emerging markets. We should 
be able to keep our margins at similar levels. Secondly, our business in 
international market is disproportionately focused on emerging markets and we 
do very little business in developed markets. Our exposure on iOS would be not 
more than 5% to 10% and even on that 5%-10% exposure, we do believe that we 
have already got the necessary innovations and initiatives to keep our customers 
continue to spend on iOS. That is because the consumers are not going off from 
iOS and the advertising budgets still deserve to be spent on iOS. There is also an 
opportunity that if any advertiser is trying to switch from iOS to android for 
their advertising budgets, then again we are quite strong. We can either switch 
them from iOS advertising spends to Android in those markets or upsell more 
because we have not sold enough in developed markets. Therefore, there isn’t 
any material impact with respect to iOS14 changes. On the contrary, we might 
even be growing better than some of the other competitors who are deeply seen 
as iOS14 developed markets players vs. we are seen as largely focused on 
Android in the emerging markets. Our solutions can be sold more aggressively in 
developed markets especially when iOS becomes a bit of a doubtful area in case 
the advertisers are rethinking. We have a better chance of winning larger 
budgets for Android there.  
Rahul Jain: 
Lastly, can you give any data of the acquired entity such as Mediasmart, 
Appnext and DiscoverTech? What are the revenue run rates? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
In Q4, Appnext revenue was about USD 3.5 million and Mediasmart was about 
USD 1.5 million. Discover Tech is negligible as it was pre-revenue acquisition. 
We expect that its revenues may flow in from Q3 onwards. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Lastly, on the Indus OS transaction. Have we received all the money? 
Also, rationale why we have exited this right of buyback, in just a matter of two 
months of the transaction? 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
18 
 
Kapil Bhutani: 
On Indus OS, we earlier took buyback rights as we had anticipated a certain 
growth and realization of profits in the Indus OS investment. We believe it was 
the right time to surrender the buyback rights with the kind of valuation we 
were getting. Thus, we exited and made profits as we thought it was the 
optimal thing to do at the moment. The rationale was that Affle (India) 
investment philosophy is more strategic in nature while this was seeming as a 
financial investment and as we thought that the gains are good enough for us to 
the realize, we did that. 
Rahul Jain: 
But what was the urgency of exiting the rights as well? We kept it for one year 
and two years option, so was the price was too good to catch up on? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Yes, the price was good to catch up on. I understand as we move forward, we 
will need cash for our future growth. Thus, we realized given the timing and on 
basis of cost-benefit analysis. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Ofcourse, we made a strong money on the overall investment but the 
reason for asking this is when the parent entity (as per the media article) is 
acquiring more stake in the same company, I do not understand the difference 
between how we are thinking about the potential of the Indus business vs. how 
the parent entity is thinking about the same business and are acquiring at much 
higher price and much higher stake? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As answered, our investments are more strategic for furthering the business 
growth and Affle Holdings may invest for financial gains. So, we have 
opportunities to deploy money in more strategic areas also than just deploy 
money for financial gains.  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
It will be fair to mention that if Affle Holdings is doing any investments, it is 
their own thesis and decision. It will not be appropriate for Affle (India) to 
discuss that but would suffice to say that the holding company and the 
promoter group is deeply invested in Affle (India) and would not do anything, 
which would harm Affle India’s interest. On the contrary, any strategic 
possibility with any other company that Affle Holdings may have invested in 
would 100% accrue to the benefit of the listed company. As far as the Affle 
(India) & its subsidiaries are concerned, we must make sure that our financial 
and strategic interests are always intact. In regard to the Indus OS transaction, 
the financial interest has been fully realized and it is a material gain for the 
company. Therefore, the board decided in its favor. As far as any strategic 
spillover effect or positive effect, Affle (India) would continue to be the 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
19 
 
beneficiary of that if it were to ever come with respect to any investment that 
the promoter group may have done. 
Rahul Jain: 
I appreciate that. Any comment on Bobble AI ? How the investment is shaping up 
and what are the strategic thoughts on this investment? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Yes, Bobble AI is doing really well. We are bullish and confident about both the 
financial as well as strategic gains that Affle (India) would derive from it. We 
are happy with this investment and are looking forward to continuing it for the 
long term. 
Rahul Jain: 
Much appreciated. Thanks and best of luck for the time ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Bhatt from ICICI Direct. 
Please go ahead. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Thank you for taking my question. Firstly, in this quarter our organic growth was 
approximately 45% Y-o-Y. Are we being conservative in saying that we might 
grow 25% to 30%? Secondly, our Appnext margin are still at about 7%, so when 
do we expect it to reach the company level margins? In Q1, some states had 
restricted the e-commerce selling non-essential goods. So in Q1, can we expect 
any impact of these e-commerce restrictions or any impact of employee 
absenteeism? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
There is no impact of employee absenteeism. Yes, we had some employees or 
their families affected early in the month of April, but as of now the employee 
strength is fully back. This impact was more with employees based out of 
Gurgaon rather any other part based in the India. Also, in regard to e-commerce 
restrictions, we have not seen any major impact which is material during this 
period. Yes, some adjustments may have happened during the quarter for the 
allocated advertiser budgets, but there is no indication that there will be a 
major shift in strategy at the moment. 
Devang Bhatt: 
For Appnext margins, when do we expect to reach the company level?  
Kapil Bhutani: 
On the Appnext margin, when we acquired this business – it was an EBITDA 
neutral company and in less that one year since acquisition, we have turned it 
around favorably. We have to be more patient for a higher margin on this. The 
reason is that it is aligned on the OEM and operator strategy, which needs a 
larger timeframe to reach where the overall company level EBITDA is. We have 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
20 
 
been able to successfully turnaround the company to an acceptable level for the 
year 1. We want our investors to be a little patient for year-and-a-half for 
seeing better results on Appnext side. 
Devang Bhatt: 
This quarter as per my calculation, your organic growth is 45% Y-o-Y basis. So 
are we being conservative in guiding only 25% to 30% growth? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We are not conservative. As previously stated, we have always said around 25% 
and the statement this year has changed from 25% to 30%. So, this is an 
indicator of the confidence we have, but we are still measuring the long-term 
impact. We will need to see how it pans out, before suggesting any major 
change in our guidance and will reserve it for next few years basis the current 
trends. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, in terms of capitalization for the 
development of the top platforms this year as well as this quarter, how do you 
see that going forward? Secondly, in terms of the growth expectations around 
25% to 30% over the next five years, what are our margin aspirations as we see 
possibly higher international growth/expansion? Over this period, some catch up 
in terms of the investments and Appnext in terms of margins? Lastly, in terms of 
the Platform as a Service offering, how has the take-up on that been for us? 
Thanks. 
Kapil Bhutan: 
Thanks Ashwin for asking these questions. We are on the similar lines as last 
quarter. But yes, we are rushing on certain strategic initiatives to complete 
them faster. Hence, the investments were slightly higher in Q4 and will also be 
slightly higher in Q1. We are trying to close our initiatives by Q1, Q2 for broader 
growth and taking advantage of the tailwinds which will be beneficial to us. So, 
we trying to complete the projects a little faster and with that effect, there is a 
slight increase by 10% on capitalization from Q3 to Q4. We had about USD 1.4 
million capitalizations in Q3. It is about USD 1.55 million to 1.6 million in this 
Q4. We are looking at taking the advantage of the situation at the moment and 
are bullish for the near term. 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
21 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thanks Kapil. In terms of our overall growth and margin expansion possibilities 
from the businesses that we already have and in terms of the organic growth - 
we are clear that our acquired business that have already been successfully 
integrated over two years or so, we will be able to bring them to similar levels 
of the bottomline and margin efficiencies as our organic business has been. We 
have already demonstrated that over time because with a fair number of 
acquisitions, we are consistently performing not just in terms of growth and 
CPCU margins, our bottom-line performance has been quite resilient overall. 
Going forward, as the volume of business grows, we would expect it to 
continue. But we should be seen as a growth-oriented company where we are 
also consistently investing not only on our platforms, but also investing in on-
ground presence across new geographies. With all of that, we should be able to 
achieve a similar track record of continued performance. The only criteria that 
that we need to be watchful is when we have further inorganic acquisitions, we 
will again have those same cycles of acquiring companies that are perhaps not 
as efficient and acquiring them as value-based transactions. And then 
transforming them with our tech capabilities, efficiencies and processes. For a 
higher level of value creation, there is always going to be that gestation period. 
Let us say, we do another acquisition in a few months and then we turn it 
around over the next few years. When we consolidate that together with us, 
you will see the bottomline margins on a combined basis with organic businesses 
performing at higher margins and the newly acquired businesses at lower 
margin. So, it will more mathematical modeling that the analysts or the various 
investors would be able to do. We are already well on our way to deliver great 
efficiencies from profitability and cash flow positive execution. Your final 
question was? 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Regarding Platform as a Service offering? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On Platform as a Service offering, we have got success in some early proof of 
concepts where we are in discussions with customers. But it is not material yet. 
It is still going in the omnichannel and enterprise side of the non-consumer 
platform business at the moment and we are carefully evaluating that 
opportunity. There is a big possibility there including in developed markets, but 
our execution focus, sales teams, relationships with customers are in emerging 
markets. We are already trying and talking to several customers in their early 
proof of concepts which we have done with them. It is positive, but it is not a 
substantial part of our revenue mix at the moment. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Thanks a lot Anuj for your insights. 

Affle (India) Limited  
May 31, 2021 
 
22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints that was the last 
question for today. I would now like to hand the conference back to the 
management for their closing comment. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Great. Thank you everyone for joining the call today and all your questions were 
highly insightful. I hope our answers have given you a comprehensive 
understanding and insight into how the outlook for our business remains 
extremely optimistic. We see it bullish based on the macro factors of consumers 
adopting and converting more on digitally connected devices and as well as the 
advertisers spending more especially in global emerging markets where Affle 
aims to be a market leader. As we continue to keep our execution focus there 
and also have the adjacent opportunities in developed markets where our 
platforms and management have capabilities to compete meaningfully. Affle 
remains focused on sustainable, continued cash flow positive, profitable growth 
metrics. We hope to unlock great value for our stakeholders. About 25% to 30% 
CAGR growth on next five years broad basis on a larger base that we are at 
today is a conservative, but an important commitment from Affle and we will 
continue to execute on that business plan and deliver growth and value for all 
of you. Thank you very much and stay safe. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thanks, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, we conclude the today’s 
conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
***end*** 
 
