 
 
Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
“Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited  
Q4 FY-21 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KETAN PATEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, CREATIVE 
PERIPHERALS AND DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 
 
MR. VJAY ADVANI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, CREATIVE PERIPHERALS 
AND DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHIJIT KANVINDE – CFO, CREATIVE PERIPHERALS AND 
DISTRIBUTION LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 27 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Creative Peripherals and 
Distribution Limited Q4 and FY21 Earnings Conference Call. This conference 
call may contain forward looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of 
this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all 
participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ketan Patel – 
Chairman and Managing Director of Creative Peripherals and Distribution 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ketan Patel: 
Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Creative Peripherals and Distribution 
Limited earning conference call for audited 4th Quarter and full year ended 
March 31, 2021. I would like to begin by expressing my gratitude to all of you 
for taking the time to join us. On the call with me today is Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde 
– CFO, Mr. Vjay Advani – Wholetime Director of our company and BridgeIR, 
our investor relations team. 
Before we get into the business and financial performance of last quarter, I 
would like to share some brief insights and recent developments regarding the 
company. 
Starting with some key recent developments: 
As you are all aware, most of the last year faced headwinds from the COVID-
19 virus outbreak. The pandemic  brought the whole supply chain and entire 
economics to a staggering halt. It impacted every aspect of our lives from 
personal life to business and industries across the world. Like every other 
business, we also faced the impact of the lockdown. Even as industries 
reopened gradually, we took this opportunity to further refine our internal 
practices and improve our operational efficiencies and skill sets. Thus, our 
annual performance practically represents business for only 9 months as there 
were nearly no business operations during the initial months due to the COVID 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 27 
related lockdowns. However, the second wave of this pandemic has again 
hampered not only logistics and business, but also consumer sentiment. With 
partial lockdowns in places across several regions in India, we have been 
working with lower employee capacity encouraging our employees to work-
from-home and stay safe. As the impact of the second wave wanes, we hope 
for a faster upswing in activity going forward. Also once traveling and tourism 
resumes demand for photography, videography and related products is 
expected to recover. 
On a more upbeat note, we are going to change the name of our company to 
Creative Newtech Limited. As I mentioned earlier, our business and vision far 
exceed just distribution. Today we are well-established as Brand Licensees 
with a long-term agreement with Honeywell and are building further on this 
line of business. With Ckart we have entered the online B2B marketplace 
vertical, and we see this as a key turning point for our business. These changes 
along with our vision to be one-stop-shop for all partners, call for this new 
name, which better represents our company’s vision to be at the forefront of 
new technologies. Also, we recently tied up with Reliance Retail to distribute 
a broad range of Marvel and Disney branded products. This includes audio 
products, such as wired and wireless earphones, headphones, and speakers, 
Personal grooming products such as hair curlers and straighteners as well as 
small home appliances like toasters and sandwich makers. This tie-up gives us 
access to huge market across multiple products verticals, expands our 
geographical coverage and would translate to higher revenues taking our 
business to new heights. We are now extending this tie-up by adding a range 
of lights, bulbs, fans, and home appliances from BPL. Having such a household 
name in our brand portfolio also broadens our market reach. 
In June 2021 we suffered an unfortunate fire incident at our Bangalore 
warehouse. While some of the inventory was damaged, all of it is insured. It is 
heartening that there was no human injury or loss of life in the incident. We 
have followed all the necessary procedures to be undertaken and a surveyor 
has been appointed who is investigating the incident. We shall share more 
information on this once we get this full comprehensive report of the same. 
Coming to a brief introduction to our company: 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 27 
Creative Peripherals is a dynamic company which has come a long way and 
crossed several milestones over the recent past. Today we are not just market 
specialists for the niche experiential brands across India and international 
markets, but also licensee and contract manufacturers for a Fortune 100 global 
giant Honeywell. We specialize in market entry for global brands and work 
closely with partners to achieve optimal market penetration and growth. Our 
network includes all three channels, online, retail, and general trade, thereby 
giving us a strong leverage to reach out to a wide market base. Furthermore, 
our value-added business model covers end-to-end solutions from market 
research and competition analysis to formulating and executing regional 
specific marketing and pre-sales strategies for brands. 
We have a three-pillar strategy to grow and expand our business sustainably. 
The first key aspect of our business is brand licensing and contract 
manufacturing. With Honeywell we have a long-standing agreement for 
contract manufacturing and distribution in 30 countries across APAC and 
Middle East region. We have a broad and continually expanding product 
portfolio with Honeywell with air purifiers being the latest addition. Our 
products cover connectivity as well as audio entertainment solutions. We aim 
to expand this licensing line of business by adding more international brands. 
Contract manufacturing is attractive model for business for various global 
brands wherein they can leverage local players market reach to increase and 
grow their product market share. We plan to utilize our experience gained with 
Honeywell for other international brands wishing to follow similar model. 
The second pillar is our expertise and strong holds in market entry and 
penetration for niche brands. Currently we have a long-term association with 
20 global renowned brands which are leaders in their field. These are 
categorized in three broad divisions, IT, Imaging and Lifestyle and Security 
products. Our value-added services like executing, brand marketing strategy 
and post-sale service along with this wide spectrum of products, helps our 
company achieve economies of scale and become a single sourcing point to 
our customers. 
Today Creative Peripherals is such a sought-after name among OEM as well 
as sub distributors and retailers alike. We have critical link in the supply chain. 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 27 
We continuously enhance this bouquet of brands with new and high margin 
products. Some recent brand additions to our portfolios include Edelkrone and 
ZEISS. 
The third key aspect of our growth strategy is Ckart, our own online digital 
B2B e-commerce platform. Ckart is a game changer in our industry and will 
play a crucial role in expanding our business with new and existing customers 
at minimum additional cost. Overall, our focus is on three main growth 
triggers, offering experiential products, then enabling niche global brands to 
enter and establish in new markets, expand our licensing business, and become 
an online platform for all customers through Ckart. We continue to strive for 
higher operational efficiencies and adding high margin value added products 
to our portfolio. Associations with Honeywell, ZEISS, Edelkrone, etc., are step 
in that direction. 
Coming to Ckart, our new business initiative I am glad to share that our 
platform has been making significant strides since last August. As I briefly 
mentioned earlier, Ckart is our online digital B2B e-commerce platform built 
in-house by dedicated team. It hosts all our customers in the supply chain and 
enable them to transact, discover and share the products and brands to their 
buyers in their own company's name. This platform also assists them to 
showcase their inventory and trade among each other facilitating higher 
volumes and expanding the product portfolio being offered through Creative 
Peripherals. We even showcased the speed and ease of use of Ckart when we 
demonstrated the first order online during the launch event. Within the six 
months of launch many of our existing as well as new customers have joined 
the platform making it a huge success. We have launched the seller module of 
the platform, which will allow our partners to sell their entire inventory of 
products to their customers through Ckart, including products that are not 
directly under Creative’s portfolio. Additionally we will also enable partners 
to have their own e-commerce site hosted on our platform. These features 
really benefit the partners and would garner further adoption among players. 
Ckart will fortify our presence as one-stop-shop for customer as well as 
improve our working capital cycle and profitability. 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 27 
On the other aspect we recently renewed our contract manufacturing agreement 
with Honeywell for another 5 years as well as expanded our distribution scope 
with them to 29 countries outside India. This gives us access to Middle East 
and APAC regions. Our deep association with the Fortune 100 company like 
Honeywell would serve us as guiding example for other brands wishing to 
leverage the licensed manufacturing model. We will soon be launching a wide 
range of audio entertainment product and a new variant of air purifiers by 
Honeywell. 
On the distribution front, we constantly update and expand our product brand 
portfolio to keep it upright. Some of the recent brand agreements include those 
with Colorful Technology, MSI, Edelkrone and ZEISS. Such associations 
diversify and expand our portfolio and reflect the company’s recognition 
among the global brands. As the consumer sentiments improves, we are 
expecting strong demand for such products in the Indian market both online 
and offline and as Ckart gains momentum we foresee a strong growth in 
customer base without much additional costs which should translate this higher 
topline and profitability. 
So, from an overall business perspective this is all from my side. I will now 
hand it over to Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde, our CFO who will take you through the 
financial performance of the company in Quarter 4 and FY21. Thank you. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Thank you sir and a very good afternoon to you all. I will share the highlights 
of our standalone financial performance after which we would be glad to 
respond to your queries. Our financials reported are as per Ind-AS guidelines. 
Looking at the Quarter 4 FY21 financial results: 
In the quarter ended 31st of March 2021, the company achieved net revenue of 
Rs. 177.15 crores growing 38.02% year-on-year. This was mainly driven by 
robust demand for IT brand such as Samsung, Cooler Master, and expansion 
of Honeywell product portfolio. EBITDA stood at Rs. 7.24 crores as against 
Rs. 3.13 crores in the previous corresponding period, increasing 130.98% year-
on-year, while our raw material cost increased due to change in the product-
mix EBITDA margin improved due to higher sales and lower marketing 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 27 
advertising and other expenses. The net profit for the quarter is at Rs. 4.09 
crores as compared to Rs. 0.94 crores in Quarter 4 FY21, a YoY growth of 
337.68%. Our EPS for the quarter was Rs. 3.42. 
Now turning to the full year FY21 financial results: 
In the year ended 31 March 2021, our company achieved net revenue of Rs. 
15.47 crores representing an increase of 13.92% year-on-year. This is mainly 
driven by strong recovery in demand for existing and new products led by 
Samsung, Cooler Master and which offset the impact of nationwide lockdowns 
during the initial months. After reopening at a lower capacity after the 
lockdown business has been gradually gaining momentum. EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 20.06 crores as against Rs. 18.06 crores in the previous corresponding 
period having grown by 11.08%. Higher sales and lower other expenses such 
as marketing and advertisement cost lead to growth in EBITDA. However, raw 
material expenses and changing product-mix led to contraction in EBITDA 
margin. The net profit for the year is at Rs. 10.78 crores as compared to Rs. 
9.03 crores in FY20, a year-on-year growth of 19.41%. Our EPS for the year 
is Rs. 9.18. This is all from our side. We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal 
from Mittal Analytics. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
My first question is in your press release you have mentioned that growth was 
driven by GoPro through, yet we see a huge decline in the imaging segments 
year-on-year. So, could you help us with the GoPro numbers in FY21 and what 
it was in FY20? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
For FY21 the GoPro we did of around Rs.74.5 crores and FY20 it was higher, 
it was approximately Rs. 120 crores to Rs. 123 crores. You would appreciate 
that, first 4 to 5 months of last financial year we had lockdown and sale was 
not there almost. So that is the reason GoPro has not done so well in this 
financial year. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
I also have a suggestion since you have entire page on GoPro in our 
presentation, it would be really helpful for the investors, if you could show 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 27 
these numbers because otherwise, we keep asking these questions and it takes 
a lot of time. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
I appreciate it.  
Ayush Agarwal: 
My second question is, again we see a lot of growth in our other segments, 
which is lifestyle and security. In the last quarter you had mentioned that we 
made some business with some corporates on the security side, and it was a 
low margin business and again this quarter we see a huge rise in the revenues 
and the margins are lower. So, first question is, is there another one-off 
business to those corporate and if you could quantify the numbers for FY21? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
The numbers for FY21 for this other revenues is in the range of Rs. 120 crores. 
This is an opportunity business for the corporates which we have done. Since 
this is the opportunity business, we may feel that we will get some part of it in 
this quarter, but it is not very stable. Why we did this is because the regular 
product like ViewSonic, Printronix were not selling due to lockdown. We had 
to do something, similar to business we did in the first quarter of last year 
which was medical devices, to be on the track and survive, that was the 
intention. 
Ketan Patel: 
Ayush further to add what Abhijit said, in the COVID the product-mix 
definitely changed because our lifestyle changed, the way we work actually 
changed a lot. And the second was, how do you give credit to somebody 
because if it is individual, if it is a smaller organization, then there is always a 
risk for that. So internally we said that we want to keep the momentum going 
on and corporates because work-from-home was picking up very well, a lot of 
people’s balance sheet did not allow larger vendors to give them credit and this 
opportunity was for us and we said that let us build up on this opportunity and 
if there is some merit in it, then we will also encash it along with vendor or the 
product start selling in. So, as a result of that, for this year we set up our own 
corporate division. We promoted at least three of our branch managers from 
Nagpur, Bangalore and Pune and they are reporting to directly Mr. Vijay 
Advani. We are also looking at somebody on the Corporate Head of Sales side, 
because we think that this business also will be a huge business. And the 
unpredictability of COVID is so much that we want to deal with fairly larger 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 27 
organizations. Coming to products like GoPro which are typically very outdoor 
product, until the travel resumes and there is no embargo from various 
countries for people to travel outside of India, that business will be a little low. 
But to offset that, because video is becoming the preferred medium of 
communication, we are in talks with companies who are into videography, 
companies who give bloggers equipment to create their video logs to stream 
directly from their home. So, we are in talks with them and probably, this 
quarter and the coming quarters you will find a lot of brands from this. This 
will not only offset the business which we are losing because of travel when 
travel comes back this will again be a booster to that. I hope we have answered 
your questions satisfactorily. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
These are good insights, and it is heartening to see that our company is able to 
maintain sales even during these times and take up these initiatives which are 
even though low in margin are quite remunerative I am guessing. So, it is safe 
to assume that we did around Rs. 120 odd crores from the corporate business 
and you mentioned that it is going to continue in the years ahead as we have 
set up complete separate division for this. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Yes,  
Ayush Agarwal: 
And the kind of margins we do is around 3%-4%. 
Ketan Patel: 
Yeah, on a gross basis. We are building on it. So, for example, I will give you 
a case of a MNC brand. Now they had newcomers joining them and they were 
not going to the headquarters, and they were directly joining from home and 
their welcome kits were supposed to be delivered to their home. It consists of 
a computer, it consists of a Honeywell Spike Arrester, it consists of a bag, some 
stationery and all that. So on the Ckart’s platform for this corporate we built 
up a welcome page where the new joinees could join in, they could claim their 
welcome kit, the billing was done to the corporate directly, the drop shipment 
happened to the new joining employee, he could track his shipment, the 
company did not have to track whether the invoice GST has been claimed or 
not and that was kind of slightly in terms of not just delivering it was also a 
value adding that the company gets all the information and other stuff. So, in 
this kind of business the company is willing to give us a slightly higher margin. 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 27 
So, I think corporate business over a period of time will start falling into our 
regular business of 8% to 10%. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
My next question is on the IT business that has also done well this year and 
you had mentioned last quarter that work-from-home culture is picking up and 
school-from-home culture is also picking up and that is why we had made a lot 
of sales in monitors under Samsung and other brands. So, if you could quantify 
Samsung numbers in FY21 and what according to the management they feel 
that this was due to COVID. So, if some quantum could be provided, then it 
would be easy for us to segregate the kind of numbers that we did last year and 
this year. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
So, this year Samsung we did approximately Rs. 95 crores on a year basis. 
Besides Samsung also fired was Cooler Master and PNY. These are also IT 
brands for graphic cards. Samsung, this year we see a clear vision or a guidance 
of Rs. 12 crores to Rs. 15 crores per month. Right now, that is a guidance which 
we have from Samsung, so it will be in the range of Rs. 144 crores to Rs. 180 
crores. And Cooler Master we clearly see a vision or guidance of Rs. 5 crore 
on average per month. So, these two are the major IT brands. Besides that, of 
course Honeywell, last year we did Honeywell Rs. 26.65 crores, however this 
year we think that Ketan you want to talk about Honeywell? 
Ketan Patel: 
Ayush, Honeywell because we got the licensee for 30 countries, and we also 
got the licensee for air purifier and air purifier is now coming to like basic. So, 
every household wants to have an air purifier because of COVID the quality of 
air has become very-very important. So, we have refreshed the complete range 
and the new range of Honeywell air purifiers we will be launching from July 
not only in India but in India, Middle East and Egypt and Saudi Arabia. 
Honeywell Inc, that Honeywell Inc USA and Honeywell India both have also 
signed up a contract with us to buy Honeywell air purifiers and hotel chains 
are now deploying air purifiers in every lobbies and every room and I am glad 
to share that Marriott Hotels worldwide has chosen our product of Honeywell 
air purifiers to be kept in their lobbies and rooms. So, we are very gung-ho 
about the whole Honeywell business. And the most pessimistic of the view 
also, we think that in this current financial year, Honeywell we should close 
between Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores plus and minus and Honeywell 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 27 
business is very important because it is a 40% gross margin business. It is our 
endeavor that over the next couple of years with Honeywell and one more 
licensing brand, we want to have 30% to 35% of our business from licensing 
because it is a higher gross margin business, plus it also gives us the control of 
the product development cycle manufacturing cycle and also the control over 
our partners as what products they would buy. So, we are quite optimistic about 
the Honeywell air purifier business. And last thing, in Honeywell we are also 
launching the audio range completely right from Bluetooth wireless headsets 
to speakers to other stuff. The worldwide audio market is currently of $25 
billion, and I think with the Honeywell brand and the kind of products we will 
introduce, will get surely get good traction into that. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Is it safe to assume that 40% gross margin and 15%-17% EBITDA as you had 
guided earlier for Honeywell would be doable? 
Ketan Patel: 
Because what has happened Ayush is, all our tooling costs, all our people cost 
is now starting to pay dividends because one product manager, so currently for 
example, Honeywell air purifiers we ordered 22,000 units for the June, July, 
August quarter and this year we think we will sell almost between 35,000 to 
40,000 units just in India for Honeywell. So, the same product manager who 
used to look at an overall business of say Rs. 26 crores will look at a business 
of Rs. 80-90 crores. So, we will get the economies of scale in that. So, I think 
we will easily be at EBITDA at 15% to 17% plus our margin in Middle East is 
50%, not 40% because the Honeywell brand name carries lot of weight there. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
My last question is on Ckart. What would be the number of partners that we 
have currently and how many were onboarded in Q4? And I think we 
mentioned that around Rs. 65 crores of sales was done until Q3. So, what is 
that number today?  
Ketan Patel: 
A couple of things on Ckart, the first and the foremost thing is Ckart is a digital 
platform which helps our current partner and also help us in onboarding new 
partners who can transact, share new products, and also do drop shipments and 
other stuff. So, my figures are from say 1st August to 30th of April, on Ckart we 
did almost a business of Rs. 180 crores and now we have almost all Creative 
partners that is almost 6500 partners on Ckart and there are almost 484 partners 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 27 
who are completely new, and they were onboarded because of Ckart, and they 
transact only on Ckart without speaking to anybody in the organization. So, 
Ckart seller module also we launched just last month. So, our pitch has 
changed. Before we used to go and say go and purchase the product from Ckart 
and now our pitch has changed that you come on to Ckart and sell the product. 
So, a person is very much interested instead of buying to sell his product so 
that gets a lot of traction. Plus, Ckart finally will be our blue ocean, because if 
you see in the distribution business your money is invested in two factors only, 
one is inventory and one is trade receivable. With Ckart we will be able to go 
through thousands of partners, so we will sell them only in cash so we will not 
have trade receivables and with the seller module launching and with that also 
the private label website for the seller launching in their name, sellers’ 
inventory we will be able to offer to our customers so we will not have to invest 
in inventory. So, the key to this is execution part and if we execute it well Ckart 
will definitely bring our cost of overall operations down and also the reach to 
various partners Ckart will help us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Harsh Shah: 
This is Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. My question is on the Ckart 
side. So, when you say that you are impending new vendors and new products, 
so we are talking about products which are outside of the business which we 
do, right? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes. Both the products, the products which we do and also the products which 
our sellers would want to sell. 
Harsh Shah: 
Isn't that a conflict of interest? I mean those products which would compete 
with the product which we do under brand licensing and contract 
manufacturing? 
Ketan Patel: 
No, it would not conflict because as it is there is a market share for each 
product. You are just enabling the customers to transact on that. So, for 
example, we do Samsung, so we don't do LG, right? But our customers, 
according to the product specification and according to needs of their customer 
will also want a Samsung and also want an LG and without holding the 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 27 
inventory, without credit risk if we can offer them LG from the sellers and we 
can make some percentage of margin on that, it really helps. And none of the 
brands have say a 100% market share, usually every brand has, a good brand 
will be a 20%-25% market share. So, there is always scope for other brands. 
This gives us lot of insight also of what kind of product sells, what kind of 
customers are buying products, who are the customers who actually we can 
convert it, or we can offer them our products which are not competing with 
them. So that really helps. For example, tomorrow all to a new sector, so say 
CCTV, we don't do only, tomorrow people start selling CCTV products on 
Ckart, obviously Honeywell passive components of CCTV cables, HDMI 
cables, Samsung TVs, all can be offered to the same set of customers. Actually, 
it's complimenting thing rather than a complicated thing. 
Harsh Shah: 
Understood. When you say that you did a business of around Rs. 180 crores on 
the Ckart platform, so how much would be of our product? And secondly how 
much revenue did flow to Creative Peripherals? 
Ketan Patel: 
So currently Ckart and Creative are kind of the same side of the coin. So, what 
Ckart logs in currently the revenue is of Creative only, so there is no new 
revenue which is other than that of Creative on Ckart. Only thing it helps is, it 
automates the complete process. So instead of us having a backend for sales 
order and then our sales guy going and punching the orders and all that, all that 
happens on Ckart. It will in the long term help us let's say for example we are 
a 220 people currently managing a business of say Rs. 530 crores with 250 
people we will be able to manage a business Rs. 2000 crores. That is what will 
be the value addition of Ckart. And plus, as soon as we start monetizing in 
future, in terms of getting ad revenue from vendors and other stuff, selling 
extended warranty on that part, selling digital products like software all that 
that would be solely revenues of Ckart. 
Management: 
Immediate advantage was probably you can think of is that 400 new customers 
have probably come on Ckart, and this is the additional revenue which we have 
generated which the credit has gone to the Creative. 
Harsh Shah: 
When I look at the revenue of around Rs. 520 crores for FY21 so you mean to 
say that Rs. 180 crores has come from your Ckart out of that? 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 27 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes, but not necessarily from new customers. It is our old customers also who 
have adopted on Ckart, that’s also there. 
Harsh Shah: 
If I remove that Rs. 180 crores from this business, then YoY basis we have 
actually de-grown from Rs. 450 crores to somewhere around Rs. 320 crores. 
Ketan Patel: 
That business irrespective Ckart would have been there or not it would have 
happened, but with Ckart being there our people instead of employing new 
people, instead of having new resources, the business is happening, that is the 
first part. Second is the same customers we are being able to offer them a larger 
portfolio. It is a very short period because we started this in October and then 
again, we moved into a lockdown in the March month, till December also we 
were in a partial lockdown. So, once we get the full set of numbers for the 
coming year then it would be a wiser thing. And plus, there are few brands who 
are direct to retail customer, not the end customer direct to retail stores. And 
they have approached us to use Ckart as a platform to reach to their customers. 
Second is everything is becoming a platform, so imagine tomorrow Ckart 
connecting with Flipkart for their B2B sales or connecting with bajaao.com or 
connecting with Lifafa or connecting with JioMart, so that that will all be 
additional revenues which will start coming. 
Harsh Shah: 
Just the last question, our sales-mix for FY21 has changed drastically 
compared to FY20 with revenue from imaging going from 43% to 15%. So, if 
we talk about FY22 or maybe FY23, which will be more of a normalized year, 
how do you see the sales mix coming in? 
Ketan Patel: 
I think, still the sales mix would be a little different because our overall the 
way we work, the way we live has changed completely, so as time comes, we 
will have a look. So, for example from each household having one computer 
and one tablet we moved to four computers, four tablets. Then the TV also 
from one or two TV’s everybody has their own personal device for 
entertainment. Larger enterprises for example, if you were a call center and 
you had 3000 employees in three shifts, then you required only 1000 desktops. 
Today, if you have 1000 people working from home and 2000 people coming 
to office, you will require 2000 desktops and the way people now use digital 
medium to do that that has changed. Our marriages have changed, yesterday I 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 27 
myself attended two weddings on YouTube. One was in Delhi, and one was 
from Chicago, my friend's daughter was getting married. And as our life keeps 
changing, I think better devices for streaming weddings, better devices for 
streaming games, the cryptocurrency today has almost it is not a legal tender 
but it is still now an official thing in India. So, your sales for PNY, your sales 
for Cooler Master, your sales for ThermalTake which are all high-performance 
computer components will go higher and higher. So, the product mix may 
change a bit but will come back to original margins and as a company we 
endeavor that we have a gross margin of between 8% to 10% overall for all the 
products. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Absolutely. And just to add as a percentage in coming years I think that it is 
again my understanding, we will be around 50%-55% in IT, around 30% in 
media, and in other lifestyle products we will be approximately 15%-20%. That 
will be the mix. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Digant Bamb from SVIP Capital. 
Digant Bamb: 
You were mentioning that the revenues of the last year should be considered 
as the nine months revenue. So, should we consider that as the average going 
ahead as quarterly revenue for the next year? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Actually, to be honest with you, first quarter we did a turnover of around 66 
crores and the full year if you say, we did 520. If you actually calculate it by 
arithmetic terms, it is just 10 months run rate. So, it is a 10 months run rate 
then we can safely assume that on a normal basis we should be at 50 crores to 
55 crores of run rate per month. This is an assumption, and I am sure this is a 
minimum what we will do. My point here is that but first two months of this 
current year has been partial lockdown, not partial actually a complete 
lockdown in major cities. Not that we have not sold, we have done well in spite 
of this situation but unfortunately, we are hoping that from June onwards this 
situation will come to normal and under that circumstances, I think personally 
that if we do well, we should be in the range of 750-800 crores on the topline 
basis. This is again my estimate. 
Digant Bamb: 
That is for next year you are saying that? 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 27 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Yeah, next year. 
Digant Bamb: 
That is great. All the best for that. The other question was that the new tie-up 
that we are having, that is great to know about that, about the company. So, the 
current inventories and our working capital would that increase, and would we 
get our capital locked because of that, a little more than that? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
I will elaborately answer this question. If you see our working capital and 
compare it with last year, the working capital as what it stands today is 56 days 
as compared to 59 days in the last year. This is the first point. Since there has 
been a lockdown and you will appreciate that we purchase in advance. So, there 
has been an increase in working capital in absolute terms and the working 
capital figure has gone up from 75 crores of last year, it is almost 85 crores to 
90 crores of net working capital we have. But then I feel this is a temporary 
phenomenon because of the lockdown off and on, the management of working 
capital has not been so judicious because most of the things were not in our 
hands. So, the working capital turn has come down from 6.16 to 5.47. What 
we estimate to do is between 7% to 7.5%. If we do this 7% to 7.5% or 8% of 
working capital turn, then whatever funds are there in the business they are 
enough to generate this kind of turnover, the 750 crores what we are talking. I 
will not be able to borrow more. I will not need to borrow more. Have I 
answered your question then? 
Digant Bamb: 
So, the borrowings would remain around the same limit. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Absolutely. 
Digant Bamb: 
That's great. And one last question was on Ckart. So, we are looking at growing 
it substantially. So, what kind of capital are we looking to infuse in that 
business in marketing, upgrading, whatever. 
Ketan Patel: 
I will be very candid with you on this. Ckart, the business model is very 
different from the brick-and-mortar business. And there are only two expanses 
to that business. One is having the technology team, and second is having that 
marketing to get more number of users on the site and to increase the gross 
merchandising value on the Ckart platform. Currently because Ckart is part of 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 27 
creative and the PAT and the profitability matters a lot we are not going 
aggressive in terms of going after newer and newer customers for Ckart. As 
our balance sheet will be able to support, we will slowly ramp up the marketing 
campaign for Ckart to get more and more customers on it. The platform is very 
robust, and I think, and please consider this not a very boastful statement, our 
technology of giving our users their own private labels at site. So, for example, 
if you are my customer and you want to have your own website with your own 
domain name, we can just have that website ready in a matter of hours with 
almost 4,500 to 5,000 of our SKUs and also if the partner has 300-400 of his 
own SKUs, we can have that.  And then the partner feels elated because number 
one now he is an omni channel partner, plus he is slightly better than his peers 
because their peers do not have an e-commerce website. So, the Ckart platform 
is really good and if we will be able to give the proper resources to that in 
coming 2-3 years, I think we can have more than 100,000 partners on Ckart 
and almost 20,000 to 22,000 sellers on Ckart. 
Digant Bamb: 
That's amazing to know, sir. The growth that we are targeting and with the 
same kind of debt and the expansion at Ckart, we could be in another league 
altogether. That is amazing to know, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krisha Shah, Individual Investor. 
Krisha Shah: 
I have a couple of questions. Who do we consider like our top two competitors 
domestically? 
Ketan Patel: 
Nice question. We are kind of a very hybrid model and that is why we are kind 
of trying to change the name of the company also from Creative Peripherals 
and Distribution to Creative Newtech Limited. And in the distribution space 
because we try and deal with products which provide great customer 
experience, we would have kind of smaller niche companies and not, but the 
people then and…if in the distribution space you have to compete, if you have 
to compare there is Redington, there is Ingram, but they are all (+) 20,000 
crores and we are not even 1000 crores. And in what we are trying to create 
with Ckart, it is like a JdMart or it is like a Udaan or it is like an IndiaMART, 
but of all the three they don’t have a financial model where the customers after 
coming to that site can transact and mainly Udaan is now more of a NBFC 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 27 
model where they make their money by giving credit and IndiaMART and JD, 
Just Dial are a subscription model. While building a subscription model is very 
difficult, again once you build that model then to go for hyper growth becomes 
very difficult in a subscription model. But in Ckart’s space because we own 
the products and else, we keep adding brands growing exponentially faster 
becomes easy, plus you also have the financial models so people can transact. 
So, you can make a cut out of that financial model and as you start getting 
intelligent data probably if you want to add an NBFC or you want to on-board 
an NBFC and make a commission out of it or you yourself want to do that, 
there are numerous possibilities on that. So, to answer your question we are a 
bit of everything, and the business world is also that the lines are blurring 
between say a retailer and a distributor and a brand so that is the thing. 
Krisha Shah: 
The second question is how do you plan to improve the cashflow position of 
the company? Like, are there any measures taken for the same? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Let me answer this question. The current financial year in consideration for 
which we are having a call, there has been a stress on working capital. The 
quantum of working capital has increased and the basic reason our inventory 
turns have been not up to the mark, that could be one of the reasons of your 
working capital being high. One cannot be blamed because our planning in 
terms of inventory has gone for a toss in view of the lockdown. So, if you have 
off and on lockdown and however, we need to plan our inventories in advance, 
this is bound to happen. So, how are we planning to improve on this? We want 
to have better inventory turns, that is one. We want to have improvement in net 
working capital, what I mean is lower number of days in inventory and debtors 
and higher credits. And also, we are looking at improvement in gross margins. 
If Honeywell for example, fires to what Ketan has said, then technically we 
will have absolutely good free cashflow and which we feel we will have in the 
coming financial year. 
Krisha Shah: 
My last question is how much progress do you see Honeywell do the next two 
years and are there any other brands lined up for licensing? 
Ketan Patel: 
Honeywell, our endeavor is that through licensing business, Honeywell and 
one more, in the next couple of years we want to have 30% of our business 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 27 
coming from Honeywell. Next year at least you can expect between 80 crores 
to 100 crores of the projected (+) 750 crores business of Honeywell. And the 
year next to it at least around 250 crores should come from Honeywell. The 
statement is a bit ambitious, but we were doing Honeywell only in India. Now 
we have license for 29 more countries, including India it would become 30 
countries. And we have just started our operations for Middle East. We have 
now a Sales Director for GCC Egypt and Saudi Arabia so as we start recruiting 
distributors there. Second is, in Honeywell in our current SKUs we have at 
least 14 to 15 SKUs which have become hero product and there is a strong 
demand from corporates and online channels to all the same, so that also will 
add to it. And we are in talks with a couple of brands for licensing in the space 
of medical devices and also in the space of appliances. But with our Honeywell 
experience we know that we should not rush into anything and initially it is 
kind of very capital consuming thing and it also has a higher say 120 days 
working capital cycle. So, we are thinking that first we stabilize Honeywell 
completely and as we cross the 100-crore mark then probably take up the other 
brands. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Just to add in Honeywell, we are adding couple of categories and therefore the 
products. So, one is a category we call it ’Sound’ which includes sound cards, 
speakers, party speakers, earphones, ear pods and so on and so forth. So, we 
will be launching these by July end or August early and that itself is a huge-
huge category. And you know about it, you know the success story of boat in 
India. So, that is what we will be launching so numbers will come from there. 
Purifier is looking to be a very-very star product and there is demand and 
traction which is coming, so we will do approximately 20 crores of purifier in 
the next year. And then of course because of the breadth we will do more 
revenue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ruchi Mehta, Individual Investor. 
Ruchi Mehta: 
I have couple of questions. Keeping in mind the recent fire incident, what are 
the precautionary measures put in place and how much damages was caused in 
monetary terms? 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 27 
Ketan Patel: 
Ruchi, thank you for asking this question. It is a difficult one. First of all, there 
was no loss of life in that case. And the damages are less than 20-25 lakhs 
maximum. That is what if the insurance does allow. Our overall insurance, our 
branch offices and warehouse is close to 16 crores and the inventory there was 
less than 2 crores and our overall insurance for distribution centers is 60 crores, 
that is one. Second, once this incident happened, I personally went there at the 
site, saw everything and now we have started to do a comprehensive fire audit 
for both the warehouses of both the distribution centers, one at Chennai and 
one at Bangalore. And post that finishes we will also have a comprehensive 
fire audit done for all the branches also. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Also, in Bhiwandi, that is a major stock which we have in Bhiwandi. 
Ketan Patel: 
So, we will take all the precautions which are necessary. So, we had the fire 
extinguisher in that place and because Karnataka was working between 
morning 7 and 10, our office was also operating from 6 am in the morning till 
10 o’clock, so when the fire broke out actually our staff was there. They tried 
to use fire extinguishers but could not stop that. But we are taking almost all 
precautions to see that such kind of incidents does not happen in future. 
Ruchi Mehta: 
My next question is regarding the recent tie-up with Reliance Retail. What is 
the duration of the agreement? And how have we decided the products that we 
are keeping? 
Ketan Patel: 
With Reliance Retail they have a duration of one year renewable and besides 
what Reliance sells in their stores across India we will be able to offer these 
products to everybody. And the categories which we are getting into this 
market for this category is more than (+) 50,000 crores. And to get into a newer 
channel either you have to have a product to offer them, or you should have 
the channel where a company comes and gives you the product to offer them. 
In this case with the help of Reliance we will build up the whole electronics 
and domestic appliance category and Reliance plans are huge on this, but we 
are expecting that between 70 crores to 100 crores we will be able to do in this 
coming financial year on this product. It will also help us to increase our width 
of distribution for Honeywell passive products because Honeywell sub-
suppressors, Honeywell networking cables, Honeywell HDMI cables they all 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 21 of 27 
sell through electrical channels, and this will also help us to leverage the 
Honeywell channel for the same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniket Radekar, Individual Investor. 
Aniket Radekar: 
My first question, based on the recent agreement with MSI and Colorful Tech 
we have done so we approach to such brands or get the brand approach to us? 
Ketan Patel: 
In some cases, we approach the brand but in both these cases the brand 
approached us. I think Colorful is a big player is SSDs and they are number 
one in graphic cards, so seeing our performance in PNY through export data 
they may have come to know, and they approached us. And MSI is more into 
all-in-one desktops and gaming PCs and other stuff and when they approached 
us, we saw this is a good opportunity because work from home is happening 
and everybody requires them. So, in both these cases MSI and Colorful 
approached us. But sometimes if we see a good product, we may also approach 
a brand. 
Aniket Radekar: 
How do we select the brand to tie-up with? Based on what parameters like 
margin expectation before we select any brand? 
Ketan Patel: 
There are 4-5 things on that. Number one is whether the brand fits into the 
channel what we are doing. Second is does the brand have an India strategy. 
Third is whether the brand is number one in the regions what we do. So, for 
the case of Colorful it is the number one brand in China for SSD for the last 
four years even for graphic cards for the last 7 years and for gaming laptop also 
they are number one. So, that gives us immense confidence that this brand can 
do very well in India. Third is whether the brand is ready to give us exclusivity. 
Fourth is whether the brand is ready to invest in this office in marketing in 
India. And the last part comes whether the brand is offering a reasonable 
margin to us. So, these are the factors we consider. Same is the case in MSI. 
We did not have a desktop and a small PC product, so we took that. Our 
existing channel was ready to do that. MSI wants to promote their product 
exclusively on Ckart and MSI will also promote Ckart on its social media, so 
that was again an added advantage. And they were offering us the right margins 
for the product, so we took that. 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 22 of 27 
Aniket Radekar: 
On an average, how many brands company has to bring on the board in a year? 
Is there any target specific? 
Ketan Patel: 
No, we do not have that but that comes into my goal sheet actually. So, my 
goal sheet says that in an average year I have to get 3-4 brands in the company. 
But now with Ckart coming into picture a lot of brands which would want to 
go direct to retail are approaching us. So, I think now we will have at least 8 to 
10 brands which we would be onboarding every year, that is what it seems like. 
Aniket Radekar: 
Can you throw some light on Hong Kong subsidiary and its role in our 
business? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
See, the Hong Kong subsidiary was formed in order to take care of Honeywell 
business which we can directly supply to Middle East and other countries 
basically. For example, when we have 29 more countries and one of them is 
India, so logically some portion of it we will bring it to India but most portion 
of it we will not bring it to India, from Hong Kong we will directly supply to 
the distributors there. In the last year, if you see the consolidation and compare 
the topline with the standalone and we will have got the synergy. We have 
added 10.8 crores of sales because of these two subsidiaries. And we have 
added 3.3 crores of gross margin because of these two subsidiaries. Then going 
forward the expenses have been more than the gross margin and therefore we 
have lost some money, 1.37 crores. These expenses have been on audit, the 
professional fees, the freight, and other things, they had hired because if they 
are overheads, and this turnover was low in the last when I checked. However, 
I personally feel, and we are all having all the focus on increase the business 
of those subsidiaries. Logically when Honeywell business increases the 
subsidiary business would also increase and we are very confident that in this 
financial year there will be a positive synergy on profit after tax after 
consolidation. There has been a negative synergy but this year it will be a 
positive synergy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Mittal from Mittal Analytics. 
Ayush Mittal: 
We see that we have been getting more and more of association with 
Honeywell and they have been giving us access to more products and we have 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 23 of 27 
lots of expectation from this relationship going forward. The latest addition of 
the purifier is something very significant when I look at it. I am trying to 
understand as to why Honeywell is like till it was IT cables and other IT related 
products it did make sense. But purifier is something which is very brand 
specific to Honeywell. So, how are we value adding to them and why have they 
given us these, if you can share something on that side? 
Ketan Patel: 
A very good question. Honeywell itself is now transforming and they want to 
transform into AI, and they want to become the Google of machinery. So, any 
firmware basically for a machine or a product, so they want to become a 
software company more and more, and they want to be in higher technology. 
So, what Honeywell did was Honeywell divided itself into four companies and 
they also formed a company called Resideo and now Resideo also uses 
Honeywell brand licensing for a very big product like of Honeywell which 
were thermostat which used to be in every hotel every refinery everywhere 
where temperature has to be controlled and monitored. And now Resideo is 
paying royalty like us. It is a Honeywell company but it pays royalty to the 
parent company, Honeywell.  So, Honeywell has not categorically told us, but 
I think they have understood that they are very enterprise company and large 
projects and large infrastructure work they want to do. And anything which is 
consumer facing, they started the journey with us three years back and as we 
keep doing well, they want to give us all consumer facing this. So, we had a 
very-very big Indian company actually competing with us when we wanted to 
do this purifier licensing business, but Honeywell chose us because their 
licensing team is only of four people, their revenue is close to $ 350 million 
from licensing, and they want somebody who understands Honeywell’s 
working culture very well. So, today even if I want to change a design on the 
box, Honeywell has come with something called as DLS. It is Honeywell 
Design Language Science, and the design has to pass through that. Then 
Honeywell has auditing process for the factories where there is a social audit 
and that is where the technology that you have to pass through that. Then 
Honeywell also has its own design ID. So, when we launched this air purifier 
we had to dye for one air purifier close to $42,500 because Honeywell wanted 
it in a certain way. So, I think theirs is a complete American mindset where 
they want to work with fewer people, but they want to work with people who 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 24 of 27 
understand the ethos of that company very well. And they think that the 
consumer is not their play and if somebody builds up the consumer division 
then probably who knows they would either take that division or that company 
under Honeywell or they will keep giving more and more products in that 
range. So, that is what. And Honeywell has not categorically said these things, 
but this is what I think that is. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Could be. But when we come specifically to products like purifier, how will 
we be able to add value to them? 
Ketan Patel: 
For example, Honeywell works with us very closely on the specification. I will 
just tell you about Honeywell, till now when Honeywell was there, they were 
using HEPA filter 11. Now when we started to do this, Honeywell said you use 
an HEPA 13 which is a very good product to stop COVID. And then 
Honeywell helped us to get the test done with NASA that how HEPA does not 
allow the COVID virus which is 0.015 micron and HEPA can stop something 
which is 0.01 also, so does not allow the virus to circulate into the air. And 
then it also helped us to source a composite HEPA cum carbon filter and then 
Honeywell becomes a distributor for us and then they also offer. So, when they 
were talking to Marriott and Marriott wanted them to control the air quality 
because Honeywell is a champion in that and then individually rooms, they 
wanted then they will offer the same kind of a product. So, I think Honeywell 
understands this very well at their level to get into air purifiers and get into the 
specification and getting developed, it would be much costlier affair. It is much 
easier that…because a lot of flexibility required. Today if you want to spend 
say $ 42,500 on a bag the decision at our place is kind of a week's time that we 
speak to Abhijit, we see the pros and cons into it. And in the case of Honeywell 
would take much larger time and hence much larger time to get a product to 
the market which will go to market with us becomes easier. So, I think, that is 
what the route they have taken up. 
Ayush Mittal: 
But for a product like this where there is so much of advanced technology and 
you need to do some R&D and all those things, this also requires a lot of outlay 
of capital and expensive, and then to market it advertising and all those things. 
So, though Honeywell would be doing those things but for a partner they also 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 25 of 27 
might be expecting much bigger size and value sheet and those things, while 
we might be too small a company for them. 
Ketan Patel: 
Can be the case but in our case the capital outflow is not very much and for 
Honeywell their marketing is already there. So, for example, any trade fair they 
do across the world, we are invited. So, any trade fair in their booth we can set 
up a small booth of ourselves and display all our products there. Plus, whatever 
samples and all what we build they get it shipped to US and then when their 
internal meetings they have. So, I think Honeywell has close to 19 partners like 
us, whom they meet every year once in any country like Beijing or Singapore 
and then their team understands all this. So, I think they have a method by 
which they want to keep getting similar products. And I think air purifier no 
longer is a very-very high precedence thing because besides Philips, 
Honeywell, Blueair, Molekule, there are a lot of companies which has got this 
technology now, and that would be the case. But you might be right but in our 
case, I do not know, they were doing they said themselves were manufacturing 
it, but they stopped it in 2018 end. And then they floated the RSQ in 2019 and 
then we immediately got it. 
Ayush Mittal: 
My last question is, we are also seeing some other companies which are coming 
onboard, and these are very large companies in their own countries. As we do 
more of these partnerships what about the cashflows and balance sheet 
strength? You will need to have more inventory, more working capital, and 
those requirements as you scale up with these brands. What are the thoughts 
on those fronts? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Right now, if you see our debt-to-equity ratio, as a consol basis this is 0.81:1. 
I think Honeywell has good gross margin so what we need to do is, that’s what 
I discussed with working capital cycle management, we would like to have 
better working capital turns, we will have to reduce our working capital days 
and then additional borrowing, if need be, for working capital we will be able 
to stretch our balance sheet which is not going to be very beyond… 
Ayush Mittal: 
Till now we are not seeing any change in working capital, rather it has been 
getting extended in recent years. 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 26 of 27 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes. Your observation is correct. And we were in fact last year also aiming for 
a 7 inventory turns to 8 inventory turns and that is what we have set our target 
this year also. But the last 18 months have been very-very difficult because we 
almost project our inventory for at least 3 to 4 months with almost all parent 
companies with whom we deal. So, for example Cooler Master comes from 
Taiwan. We give them a projection three months ahead. And this time because 
of the lockdown it happened that all our inventory became paid up and the 
material kept going. So, March we went into a lockdown, so material came in 
April also, it came in May also. And your observation is currently right, we 
have to improve on that aspect. You will surely see if things start returning to 
normal this will happen, that is one. Second, in Honeywell now most of the 
factories and vendors are almost now more than 2-2 ½ years. So, in Honeywell 
our cycle from 120 days has become 60 days and because the vendor has 
started giving us a credit of 60 days. And the third most important part is that 
in case of India we were the manufacturer, we were getting it contract 
manufactured. We were shipping it. We were stocking it as a distributor, and 
we were selling it. In Middle East we have not taken that route. In Middle East 
we will be the contract manufacturer, but we will have distributors who are 
separate. So, the 60 days of one month stock and one month credit in the market 
what we were funding in India, will not be funded in Middle East. So, our cycle 
will further reduce and that will help us to achieve our 7 to 8 turns. Once we 
have that kind of free cashflow from operations only it will help us to grow. 
And the point you have mentioned has been with a couple of other analysts and 
firms also and I would just like to assure you that it is on the top of our mind 
and if things start becoming normal you will see a huge change in how the 
working capital is managed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint we will take that as a 
last question. For any questions you can connect with Mr. Rahul Trivedi or Ms. 
Savli Mangle from BridgeIR. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ketan Patel for closing comments. 
Ketan Patel: 
I thank the entire team of Creative for their untiring efforts, hard work and 
dedication which makes the company resilient to upheavals such as the 
pandemic. Also, I appreciate all of you for participating in our conference call. 

 
 
 
 
 
Creative Peripherals and Distribution Limited 
June 21, 2021 
 
 
Page 27 of 27 
Please do get in touch with our investor relations team for any further 
questions. Thank you so much. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Creative Peripherals and Distribution 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
