 
Chalet Hotels Limited (Formerly Chalet Hotels Pvt. Ltd.) 
Regd. Off. : Raheja Tower, Plot No.C-30, Block ‘G’, Next to Bank of Baroda, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phone : +91-22-2656 4000 Fax : +91-22-2656 5451 Website : www.chalethotels.com 
CIN : L55101MH1986PLC038538 
May 26, 2021 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: CHALET 
Scrip Code:  542399 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of the Earnings Call in respect of the Audited Financial Results for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2021 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), please find attached herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call 
held by the Company in respect of the Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2021. 
 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 47 of the Listing Regulations, the aforesaid 
transcript will also be disclosed on the website of the Company i.e. www.chalethotels.com. 
 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
Christabelle Baptista 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
CHRISTABELLE 
BAPTISTA
Digitally signed by CHRISTABELLE BAPTISTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=af045dbb382af52a89365d24fbc5f856ffa9d651ac10ebcfcfd47
3f3a25542cb, postalCode=400064, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=878dc518f343317eb76d77b1bdd8e37894de02759dde0
1140ebbf9a3532471bb, cn=CHRISTABELLE BAPTISTA 
Date: 2021.05.26 19:35:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
“Chalet Hotels Limited 
Q4 FY2021 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2021 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJAY SETHI – MD & CEO 
MR. MILIND WADEKAR – INTERIM CFO 
MS. RUCHI RUDRA - INVESTOR RELATIONS 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Chalet Hotels Limited Q4 FY2021 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Ms. Ruchi Rudra. Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Ruchi Rudra: 
Good Morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q4 FY2021 performance call for 
Chalet Hotels Limited. We have with us Mr. Sanjay Sethi, Managing Director and CEO and 
Mr. Milind Wadekar, our interim CFO to take you through the performance and respond to 
your queries. Let me make the usual disclaimer on forward-looking statements. Kindly refer 
to our presentation, which has been made available on the Stock Exchanges and on our 
website for the details of the same. I hand over the line to Mr Sethi to share his opening 
remarks. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you Ruchi. Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for our 
call for Q4 2021. We do sincerely hope that you and your dear ones are well in these trying 
times. Since our last interaction the second wave of the pandemic has hit the country harder 
than anticipated, impacting lives and livelihood and forcing various state governments to 
take semi to full lockdowns. While the country battles the virus again, the vaccination drive 
in India has been making slow but steady progress. All age groups over 18 are now allowed 
to take the vaccines. However, limited supply of vaccines is keeping the progress painfully 
slow. 
India has fully vaccinated around 3% of its population and another 11% of the population 
has received the first dose. To put things in perspective the global vaccination status reports 
that 5% of the global population is now fully vaccinated. 
UK and U.S both key markets for Chalet are reporting 30% and 37% fully vaccinated 
citizens respectively. UK is also targeting to remove all restrictions by June 21. Before the 
second wave hit India domestic air traffic for the month of January to March had reached 
60% of pre-COVID levels indicating a strong bounce back. 
According to a recent report by Hotelivate average occupancy in India reached 49% in Q4 
FY2021 as compared to 65% in pre-COVID levels, largely led by pent-up demand in the 
leisure space and showcasing very importantly, the willingness to travel. The report has 
forecasted occupancies in India in FY2022 to be 52.7% and in FY2023 64.9% driven by 
demand recovery as well as muted growth of supply. 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 3 of 20 
For Chalet Hotels the quarter started on a positive note. Q3 had witnessed a surge in social 
functions in pace of bookings and that sort of continued on a sharp upward trend for Q4 
also. F&B revenue started to pick up and business travelers started trickling in. We saw an 
uptick in non-residential footfalls in restaurants and bars as well. 
Room business across hotels was a mix of quarantine, BCP, airline crew, staycations, 
project related business travel and large group businesses like film shoots and IPL teams. In 
January and February corporate travel, small meetings and conferences picked up early 
momentum. It was heartening to see demand pickup across sectors like manufacturing, IT, 
Fintech, consulting, pharma and entertainment. 
The second wave of COVID which hit us hard as I mentioned earlier in the latter half of 
March brought most cities to a standstill especially Mumbai and Pune. Domestic travel 
plunged and lockdown type restrictions were reimposed impacting both room and food & 
beverage business. The situation in Mumbai and Pune seems to be improving now and the 
peak of the second wave is behind us. The restrictions in Mumbai and Pune have been 
extended to the June 1. Current restrictions for Bengaluru are till May 24 and for Hyderabad 
until May 22. 
On the financial front for Chalet our Q4 revenues grew sequentially by 11% to 
approximately Rs.1.02 billion. On an operational basis our EBITDA grew by 11% to 
Rs.187 million; however, we had to account for loss of discontinued business at mall which 
is Rs.13 million and reversal of SEIS income of Rs.123 million, which dropped our 
EBITDA to 51 million for the quarter. 
I must highlight here this SEIS income is still something that can work out sometime in 
future but for accounting purposes we have excluded it from our financial statements for the 
financial year.  
Ladies and gentlemen Chalet has been able to report EBITDA positive numbers for all four 
quarters of the last fiscal.  
Our hospitality business revenues grew by 16% sequentially on the back of improved 
occupancies at 39% in Q4 compared to 33% in Q3. January and February actually recorded 
occupancies of 37% and 42% respectively. In March however with the rising number of 
cases and as the economy closed down in Maharashtra our occupancies dipped back to 
37%. Trends in April continue to be subdued for the portfolio, as most states imposed 
partial lockdowns. The portfolio had occupancy of 36.5% for April. 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 4 of 20 
The RevPAR for Q4 grew by 22% sequentially to Rs.1610. Food and Beverage Division’s 
share continued to be a healthy 38% of the reporting period. Our focus continues to be to 
work with the operators to create a compelling F&B offering at all our outlets as well as 
through food deliveries via channels like Marriott on Wheels, Swiggy and Zomato. 
Our cost control measures taken throughout the year have kept fixed costs at around 50% of 
previous year's level for the hospitality division. Our operating teams managed to reduce 
fixed costs by moving certain fixed costs to variable buckets. A few strategic initiatives like 
centralizing a finance hub, outsourcing non-core activities like laundry service of our large 
two large hotels in Mumbai resulted not only in improving efficiency but also helped lower 
cost on an ongoing basis. 
Through our continued emphasis on staff productivity the staff to room ratio continues to 
hold at 0.74 employees per room for the second quarter in a row. This ratio was 1.18 
employees to a room in December 2019. You will recall that we had reacted swiftly in Q4 
of FY2020 to work on this fixed cost and had already brought the ratios down to 1.08 
employees per room as early as March 2020. 
Utility the other big cost head where we achieved significant savings our hotel portfolio 
managed 46% annual reduction in electricity units consumed per room in FY2021. These 
efficiencies have also been driven over the last few years by a mission to go green as a 
company. We have recently signed up for their EV100 initiative which focuses on 
accelerating transition to electric vehicles under the aegis of the Climate Group. We are 
further exploring our eligibility to participate in EP 100 which is on energy productivity and 
RE-100 which is on renewable energy. I am very happy to share on renewable energy front, 
our energy consumption has now moved to 51% of our energy coming through green 
sources as against 45% percent in Q3. Variable costs were also in line with revenue levels 
and were down by 70% for FY2021. 
On the non-hotel assets, rentals from our commercial tenants continue to be unaffected and 
provide steady cash flow. We have however given some relief on CAM and parking area 
charges which is basically passing on the savings that we have had on the CAM charges. 
On the retail front, footfalls did improve at the Inorbit Mall in Bengaluru for Q4. 
Subsequently the business has been impacted by the reimposition of lockdown measures in 
the state. The mall at Sahar has largely been inactive throughout the pandemic and we are 
currently in the process of repurposing that space, majority of the area is being converted to 
commercial offices, select F&B outlets will continue to operate providing necessary F&B 
product to the office occupants. 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 5 of 20 
A short update on the project pipeline, except for the slowdown in the last few weeks two 
commercial development projects are progressing well. The lobby renovation at 
Renaissance has been completed and the new lobby has been operational since January 
2021. I had mentioned this in our earlier call too. We have had excellent feedback on the 
renovated lobby. The balance renovation of the hotel will be undertaken over the next few 
months. 
The new lockdown measures have made us defer our plans for Hyderabad's second hotel for 
now. The pending work onsite as I shared earlier will take approximately five months for 
completion from the restart date. We will right time the project to align with demand 
dynamics. Similarly, the need for commissioning additional 88 rooms in Novotel will be 
reviewed on an ongoing basis and executed at an opportune time. 
Our employees have been a pillar of our strength. By and large they have been safe and 
positivity rate is below the national positivity rate in spite of them being on the frontline. 
We unfortunately lost two employees in May and June of the last year. Our operators and 
we at our Corporate Office have worked diligently to ensure COVID safety protocols and 
extent all help needed by our associates when needed. 
We are grateful to the team at Chalet across all its properties and the Corporate Office who 
have worked tirelessly in these difficult times to continue to serve our guests with a smile. 
In line with that I am happy to share Chalet Hotels has for the second consecutive time been 
certified as a great place to work by the Great Place To Work Institute. 
Ladies and gentlemen over the last one year one thing that we have learnt is that there is no 
crystal ball. Businesses are faced with multiple concurrent forces that need to be handled 
with unrelenting navigation of new challenges. There is clearly no straight path forward. 
We at Chalet are committed to being nimble on our feet and have an undeterred resolve to 
come out of these challenging times and deliver industry leading returns in not too distant a 
future. I now hand over to Milind to take you through some of the key numbers. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you Sanjay. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. As discussed by Sanjay the fourth 
quarter started on a strong note and we could see business performance improving month-
on-month. With the second wave hitting in March and lockdowns imposed by various states 
across the country, we saw public sentiments weakening. As I elaborate on this let me give 
you some insights into our financial performance. 
Q4 FY2021 total income grew by 11% sequentially to Rs.1021 million. Q4 FY21 EBITDA 
from continuing operations is Rs.64 million as against Rs.169 million for previous quarter. 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 6 of 20 
The drop was on account of reversal of SEIS income of Rs.123 million for the previous 
year. Adjusting for this entry the EBITDA for Q4 is at 187 million a growth of 11% 
sequentially. For the quarter ended March 2021 we have accounted for a loss of 13 million 
from discontinued operations at Sahar Retail. The loss was largely on account of rebates 
given to existing retailers as we decided to repurpose the space and close existing contracts. 
PBT from continuing operations post charges on depreciation and interest for the company 
was a negative of 585 million as against Rs.500 million in Q3 of this year after taking credit 
for deferred tax asset of Rs.338 million. PAT loss from continuing operations was at Rs.247 
million. 
The hospitality segment contributed to 71% to the total income of the company in Q4 
FY2021 as operations continued to scale up through the quarter. The revenue grew by 16% 
on a sequential basis to 724 million with positive EBITDA of Rs.19 million, a second 
quarter of positive hospitality at EBITDA in FY2021. 
Occupancy for the quarter averaged at 39% up by approximately 600 points and RevPAR 
was at Rs.1610 as against Rs.1318 in Q3 a growth of 22%. Food and Beverages division’s 
performance has picked up with contribution of 38%. Late March onwards there was direct 
impact of second wave on the dine-in services of the hotels. 
On the cost trend as mentioned by Sanjay the company has achieved fixed cost reduction of 
50% as compared to previous year. The fixed costs for the year have been at an average of 
11 Crores to 12 Crores a month. Variable costs have been down by 70% for the period. The 
variable costs are expected to rationalize as operations scale up whereas our strategic 
initiatives on cost will keep the variable cost contributions lower than traditional levels. 
The company has signed power purchase arrangement for hotels in Maharashtra to source 
renewable power from third parties. The arrangement is for a period of 10 years which will 
have a fixed rate for first six years. These rates are currently at a discount to applicable 
industry rates in Maharashtra. This will result in reduction in HLP cost of hospitality 
segment in the years to come. 
Total expenses for the quarter were lower by 46% as compared to the previous year and 
were higher by 17% as compared to Q3 FY2021 as operations scaled up. Steady income 
from commercial assets have kept the revenue and EBITDA from retail and commercial 
segment at Rs.258 million and Rs.215 million for quarter Q4FY21 respectively. With the 
conversion of large part of the ORB at Sahar Mumbai to commercial office space we will 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 7 of 20 
be hedging the portfolio further. The new setup is likely to be EBITDA and return ratio 
accretive. 
For the financial year FY2021 total income was at Rs.3167 million, total expenses for the 
period were at Rs.2873 million a drop of 55% from the previous year and the EBITDA was 
at Rs.249 million from continuing operation. Adjusting SEIS income reversal off Rs.123 
million the EBITDA for the year is at Rs.417 million. 
Net debts on book as on March 2021 was at Rs.18711 million as against Rs.16570 million 
that is it has gone up to Rs.1870 Crores from Rs.1657 Crores, a total increase of around 
Rs.213 Crores for the period. The capex spend during FY2021 was at Rs.115 Crores. 
Our cash burn that is EBITDA minus Interest cost for Q4 FY2021 has been at Rs.301 
million while for the full year it has been at Rs.1267 million that is Rs.126 Crores led by 
prudent cash flow and working capital management. The average cost of rupee loan is now 
at 8.04% as against 9.20% at the beginning of the year. 54% of our loans are at sub 8% 
interest rate for the company. 
We have cash and cash equivalent of Rs.67 Crores as at March 2021 and Rs.725 Crores 
sanction lines of credit for general corporate and planned capex.  
There has been no new subscription from promoters on 0% Non Convertible Redeemable 
Preference Shares for funding the outflow relating to residential project at Koramangala 
during the period under discussion. With this we now open the floor to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aditya Bagul from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bagul: 
Good morning, Sanjay, Milind Sir and the rest of the team. I hope all of you are doing safe 
and well. So my first question is in terms of our occupancy. We have seen 39% occupancies 
this quarter just wanted to understand some texture to this what was the numbers if you can 
give us a glide path as to what this was in January, February and March that would be 
helpful? In the same context some of the industry bodies as you mentioned are talking about 
a 55% for the occupancy level for FY2022. Just wanted to get your sense on how this will 
be spread out during the year? Does this mean a closer to 65% occupancy at FY2022 exit 
and if you can just throw some color on how you look at MMR versus the rest of the cities? 
Thank you. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you Aditya. Yes we are doing well. I hope you are too. To answer this whilst I did 
share the overall occupancies, for a month wise let me give you a flavor of how the 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 8 of 20 
occupancy stand out for the quarter between the cities. So the Mumbai region which 
includes the Renaissance Hotel, the Marriott Executive Apartments, the Four Point, 
Sheraton and the JW Marriott at Sahar had Q4 occupancy of 39%. Bengaluru which is a 
Marriott Whitefield had occupancy of 35%. Hyderabad was poor at 27% and Pune did 
occupancy of 63%. So this, sort of combined gives us an overall occupancy of 39%. As I 
mentioned the occupancies have picked up sharply in January and then very well in 
February where we hit 42% but then came back to 37% on count of the second half of 
March being lost. Just to give you a flavor what was happening was over January and 
February the pace of bookings and I did sort of allude to it in my opening conversation also 
was looking very healthy in January and February. In fact, we saw domestic business travel 
starting to come back, we saw social functions especially weddings very, very healthy. We 
had two large groups booked at our hotels one in Sahar and one in Renaissance, one was the 
Mumbai Indians IPL team which was to stay with us for almost about 65 to 70 days during 
the IPL when it was all supposed to be in Mumbai. They were to start from mid-March, but 
then the IPL got shifted to seven different cities and that one city sort of scenario went out 
and therefore they had to move out and then subsequently we got a very large group of 
almost 370 rooms starting end of March at JW Marriott Sahar from the people who are 
doing the television coverage of IPL and that was supposed to be there for two months too. 
Therefore, if you look at our April occupancies actually Sahar ended up doing 72% 
occupancies. This group was supposed to continue to end of May but with the calling off of 
the IPL they left sometime in you know for the first week of May and therefore we have 
had some challenges there. April has already gone by as I mentioned 36.5%. May will be 
you know subdued depending on how the lockdowns move. I think June and subsequent 
months will look better. Will we come out at 62% at the end of FY2022? Given the Q1 
performance of the hotels it is unlikely that we will be at 62% but like we do believe that 
the H2 will be strong. We see a strong recovery because there seems to be a lot of pent-up 
demand both on business travel and on the MICE business especially on weddings. Just to 
give you a flavor we had 13 weddings alone in Renaissance in April itself. They all had to 
be called off and clearly they were smaller ones but when they do open up and they will 
come back, they will probably likely to be much bigger weddings. The other thing that has 
happened is that Bengaluru and Hyderabad which had a second wave that hit it much later 
and their restrictions came into play much later, have clearly going to take slightly longer to 
recover. Mumbai seems to from a COVID cases perspective seems to have done extremely 
well. We are very hopeful that there will be some easing off of restrictions post the first 
June situation right as far as Mumbai and Pune are concerned. Our business had largely 
come out of groups that we were able to capture and these were very competitive groups 
available in the market. Our teams have done an excellent job of picking them up. The 
Renaissance was helped on account of that in March and JW Marriott Sahar on account of 
that in April. Did I miss something out? 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 9 of 20 
Aditya Bagul: 
I think you were fairly elaborate in your answer. Just one point if you can also talk about 
how do you see the ADR trajectory going along with the occupancies and that would be 
very helpful. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
The ADR trajectory has been different across cities. Mumbai is clearly reporting the highest 
ADRs in Q4, roughly around Rs.4600 or so followed by Hyderabad, Bengaluru. Pune has 
been low. Pune ADRs have been sub Rs.3000 just under Rs.3000 actually but it has done 
occupancy of 62% and at one point this hotel was doing 70% - 75% percent of the 
occupancies in the last few months. There was clear pickup happening there. I think 
occupancies will not pickup at least for the next quarter. It is going to be competitive 
landscape outside. The quarter after that we may see some pickup in ADRs and I think Q4 
will come up strong in ADR and by then hopefully when the foreign travelers start coming 
in we will see much higher traction on the ADRs also. As I said I must also point out, one 
of the reasons I needed to say was the other companies are reporting higher occupancy 
numbers. There are two factors that play one is we have all our hotels in the business 
segment. We of course have the benefit of hedging the risk in having investments in the 
commercial office spaces, which becomes a counter to leisure for now and it is giving us 
steady yields. The second element is all our hotels are very large. So that has really helped 
on economies of scale from a cost perspective earlier but when the markets are tight your 
occupancy percentage tends to be lower because the available room nights may be will be 
finite in every city and every brand or hotel is fighting for those finite room nights so as I 
said Mumbai did about 40% occupancies, it is on a base of a very large room inventory and 
therefore the number of room nights that we were able to garner as a company or from 
buyer operators was significantly higher than many of the other operators in the city. 
Aditya Bagul: 
Understood. That was that was very elaborate. Thank you. Thank you so much and wish 
you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Giriraj Daga from K M Visaria Family 
Trust. Please go ahead. 
Giriraj Daga: 
There are two questions first on our fundraising side. So we had talked about fundraise of 
500-600 crs of long-term fund. I am sure looking at our balance sheet and strength we must 
be looking to consolidate our position. If you can throw some light that what is the purpose 
of this fundraise and how we are looking to utilize this? Are you looking for some 
consolidation, some M&A happening? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Apologies for this but I could not hear the first question clearly or none of us could. Could 
you just repeat that please? Thank you. 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 10 of 20 
Giriraj Daga: 
My first question is like we had talked about the fundraising of 500-600 crs of long term 
fund so I just wanted to understand what the purpose of this is fundraise? We are must be 
surely looking for a consolidation in our business given that this that is available outside in 
our industry so if you can throw some like there? 
Milind Wadekar: 
We have taken enabling resolution for raising Rs.100 Crore preferential shares. Now this is 
for our one of the litigated Koramangala residential project where any expenditure on this 
project is funded by promoters. So as and when we require these funds we will raise this 
money and it will be funded by promoters and other fundraise of Rs.600 Crores will be in 
the form of debt and that is for the planned capex. 
Giriraj Daga: 
I mean consolidation or is it just not too much. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So early days yet. We do believe there will be opportunities and when the time is right and 
the opportunities are there we will make plans for that but there is no specific something 
that we are calling right now. 
Giriraj Daga: 
My second question is on you mentioned about the cost cutting exercise or cost reduction 
initiative. So I just want to understand in a simple language let us say so we had a CY2019 
which is from January 2019 to December 2019, when we had a normalized operation. We 
had about 930 Crores of revenue and 376 Crores of EBITDA in the hotel segment. Now 
assuming when we reach this runway of 930 Crores hotel revenue what will be the 
EBITDA at that point, cost initiative we had taken in the last year? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Good question. As we mentioned earlier I think the key to this question is that we managed 
to bring some of our fixed costs down and convert some costs that were fixed in nature into 
variable cost, which allows us a lot more flexibility as things go forward. So the fixed cost 
will continue to be fixed and therefore we will continue to benefit from that in the mid to 
long term and to answer your question specifically if you were to hit say 950 Crores of 
topline revenue will we be able to deliver higher EBITDA percentages? Yes we are very 
confident of that but these are forward-looking statements so I do not want to dwell too 
much on the details of what the numbers will look like. 
Giriraj Daga: 
Thanks a lot. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amandeep Singh from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly in the Mindspace presentation they mentioned about rent 
commencement from leasing Hyderabad hotel to chalet 3Q FY2022 onwards but you are 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 11 of 20 
still evaluating the demand dynamics to recommence the balance work so in that context 
can you help us understand on what would be the exact arrangement here? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you for the question. Yes there is a rent commencement date that was agreed 
between these two companies quite some time back and at some point of time the rent will 
start. The assessment that we are doing is what is the best case scenario do we open the 
hotel, pay the rent and incur losses or do we continue just paying the rent and not incur 
larger losses, so from that perspective we would like to pace it out take the right decision 
based on what is the best way forward for us. So the total rent for a year is roughly around 9 
Crores and if we delay this you know by a quarter or so. The impact of four months the 
impact could be about 3 Crores. So that is something that we will take a call on. We may 
have to take a little bit of hit on that but these are signed off agreements between the two 
entities and we do not really have a way out. 
Amandeep Singh: 
That is very helpful. Slide three of your investor presentation indicates that Chalet lacks the 
recovery in Mumbai and Hyderabad micromarket versus the industry. So could you help us 
understand what could be the possible reasons in terms of lower than regional occupancies 
and ADRs? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
I think as I mentioned earlier and to an answer earlier question, the occupancy percentages 
depends on two numbers how many rooms are occupied and what is your room inventory. 
Now the room inventory in all our hotels and that has been something that we have talked 
about as strength in the past has been that Chalet has had larger room inventories per hotel. 
Our average room inventories in excess of 400 rooms per hotel which is significantly larger 
than other hotel companies and because there is finite business in every city and even if you 
get more than a fair share per hotel of the finite business you end up with lower occupancies 
and that is what has happened with us and because we are fighting for larger groups because 
you have large hotels sometimes the rates are more subdued and therefore those rates also 
look slightly lower. If you were to look at the overall FY2021 we had for almost about two 
and a half to three months doctors stay with us with room rates that was you know sub 
Rs.2500 for us, some other hotel companies may have got higher rates or subsidies, we are 
not aware of that but these are certain factors that have affected it. We are making sure that 
our goal should be occupancy. We are going to  follow an occupancy led strategy for the 
next one year at least as against the rate one and we have had Mumbai has shown RevPARs 
being lower than the competition, as I said largely driven by occupancy drops. Bangalore 
has shown RevPARs higher than the market. Hyderabad is slightly lower than the market 
but then it is driven by the fact that we did not take any COVID positive business in our 
hotel. As a policy, we have taken a call that we will not take COVID positive guests in our 
hotels across any of our cities. Some hotels have chosen to take them and in Pune we have 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 12 of 20 
again been above market so Bengaluru and Pune will be above market on RevPAR basis, 
Hyderabad is lower on account of not taking COVID guests and Mumbai largely on account 
of very large inventory. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Thanks for the detailed explanation. I will come back to the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions; the first one is clearly the second wave 
has dented the expectation of recovery in FY2022 but internally how we are seeing when 
should we expect to move back to maybe you know pre-COVID level revenues and 
obviously you know the western countries are opening up and the chances of third wave 
looks bleak there but how we are looking at recovery in India any color around would be 
pretty helpful, I know partially you have already answered this in your opening statement 
but if anything you can add? My second question is if what our capex plans are for next two 
to three years and maybe also if any update on revised timeline on hotels and office block 
openings. Renaissance, Powai you already said it is on  track but what is the status of W 
Powai I mean is it on hold indefinitely, probably we should remove the capex and revenue 
assumptions from our models? Westin and Mindspace can we assume it will come fully in 
the second half of FY2022? Also any update on change in timeline for may be Hyatt 
Regency, Powai, block, etc? Thank you. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you for these questions, Vikas. Let me answer the first one quickly. Colour on the 
future. As I said in the opening statement one thing you like to know there is no crystal 
ball available to any of us. Everything seemed to be going extremely well in the later part 
of the third quarter last year and the beginning of the fourth quarter this year and we were 
extremely positive that we are going to be out of the woods in the next three, four, or five 
year’s time, but on the second wave hit us. I have no knowledge. I cannot claim to have 
any knowledge on the medical front. People are predicting a third wave. People are 
saying we will not have a third wave because we are well prepared. The vaccination drive 
is going to reduce the chances of any significant impact of the third wave, but our 
vaccination is slow, so from our perspective, how we are looking at is the following that 
we believe the current and next quarters are going to be subdued, current quarter more so. 
Hopefully in the next quarter or latter of this quarter. Current quarter we will see opening 
up. Business will come back cautiously. It will probably come back to how it was in the 
early fourth quarter, but will it come back to 50%, 60%, 70% occupancies? I doubt it 
right now. That expectation is only in H2 from our perspective. That we will see 
significant pickup in the quarter starting or the half year starting October 2021 and that 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 13 of 20 
too will largely be dependent on what shape and route the COVID-19 takes. Clearly as I 
mentioned again in the opening statements that the two key countries that are critical for 
Chalet, US and UK have done very well on the vaccine front and they seem to be 
extremely confident that the population that is vaccinated is largely safe from any serious 
impact of COVID-19. That gives us a lot of comfort because that means they can move 
around freely within their countries irrespective of whether others have got COVID or 
not that should hold true for their country. Obviously India has taken some really bad  PR 
hit over the last few months or few weeks, but we are hopeful the memory will be short 
on that and as things improve in India and numbers goes down and yesterday’s numbers 
are very encouraging. There is a sharp dip in number of COVID positive cases. We 
believe that business travel will be back strongly. One indicator I think for us is once we 
see that the leisure travel picked up early that indicate people are willing to travel, but it 
is aircrafts or the hotels. The current lockdowns have restricted them from travel and 
some of the destination, which have got affected it must be lifted as to travel today, but 
the willingness to travel is high and that will be consistent for leisure as well as business. 
So we are confident that will happen. I think FY2023 will be a strong recovery year. 
FY2024 should be normalized fairly well. To answer your question on the projects, 
Renaissance renovation is going on as I mentioned. The phase 3, which was the office 
building, which is about 750000 square feet of leasable space, is progressing well. We 
had a bit of a slowdown in last two, three weeks, slowdown in the sense the number of 
labor on the site is not as many, we had 600 people on site, right now 300, this impacted 
us may be for three, four weeks, but it is progressing well and to be on an account of this 
blip actually will be covered in the buffer that we had kept on announced dates of 
opening. Bengaluru may be delayed by a couple of months, the Bengaluru office tower, 
because there the labor hit is stronger and to get them back and restart and remobilize 
may take slightly longer, but I think Bengaluru may be delayed by a max of three months 
I think as the office built tower stands. On W Powai and Hyatt Regency for now I do not 
see staring this construction in the next six to nine months so therefore we will have to 
build in your number 24 to 30 months of build up time may be 24 months actually 
because approvals and designs are all ready. And we will review W also depending on 
demand dynamics whether it makes sense to go down that route or we should look at 
alterna options. Westin Hyderabad as I mentioned earlier we have five months to start 
that project. We will continuously review this on what is happening on the demand 
dynamics, next review probably in mid June and then remobilize if required. From our 
perspective we would actually suggest since we have not started and we are still to 
review that, we at least 7 months out from opening that, so keep that as a perspective. 
Finally on the numbers or any incremental costs, I will ask Milind to give you further 
details. We do not have any material or significant increase in costs on these projects, 
some IDC may have gone up on the spent.  

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 14 of 20 
Milind Wadekar: 
As mentioned by Sanjay based on demand dynamics we will determine the capex plan for 
Westin Hyderabad and our estimated capex for the year is 350 Crores or so, major 
component is for commercial offices both Powai and Bengaluru. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
That is really helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Agarwal from Nirmal Bang. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. My question firstly relates to the mall which you have in 
Bengaluru given the current slowdown and closure have you been under renegotiation 
with your tenant out there and if so can you throw any colour which side it is progressing 
and how does it move? Question number two, how we were expecting F&B to do a much 
greater than what we have done in the fourth quarter when I look at the numbers, third 
quarter and quarter-on-quarter comparison I see F&B revenue, correct me if I am wrong, 
in third quarter was 26 Crores and fourth quarter, it was 27 Crores so not much of a 
growth we are seeing there, so any light you can throw in these two assets? Thank you. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you, Amit for the question. I will answer the F&B part first and then Milind will 
take the Inorbit one. As I mentioned Mumbai went into lockdown late March, but 
restrictions and banquets and the worry on banquet and F&B given slightly earlier, so 
with our Mumbai hotels hit hard in March, we did not see the expected growth for the 
quarter because of the March impact and almost two-thirds of our inventory is between 
Mumbai and Pune. January and February has shown very healthy growth. Unfortunately 
we have the numbers in front of us somewhere may be I will give it out after Milind sort 
of covers that part and so that is what the net impact has been for the major cost of F&B 
numbers of ourselves. So January we had 8.5 Crores of F&B, February has increased by 
almost 25% to 10.5 Crores, but then March down to 8.3 Crores again, so clearly that the 
trend that was beginning to build up strong and healthy did not happen. So 8.5 Crores to 
10.5 Crores and down to 8.3 Crores, if that trend has continued I remember February was 
already 28 days, the March following that trend should have been in the range of about 
13 Crores to 14 Crores, that 13 Crores to 14 Crores would have added another 4 Crores to 
5 Crores in the 27 Crores taking to somewhere to 32 Crores to 33 Crores, which were 
again been a good jump from our Q3. 
Milind Wadekar: 
For FY2021, we had EBITDA breakeven at Inorbit, Bengaluru. Footfalls started 
improving from December and we are expecting it will go up in the first quarter of 
current year. Since the lockdowns are imposed again retailers will approach us and will 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 15 of 20 
negotiate ongoing basis, but we had estimated positive EBITDA for the year, but we will 
see how it pans out based on the lockdown conditions in Bengaluru. 
Amit Agarwal: 
My question actually pertains to as we move forward like what happened last time 
retailers had approached the mall owners and there is some kind of agreement on that, 
has the same thing started now because whether it is Bengaluru, Mumbai malls were 
closed all over, so few mall in the Bengaluru as a retailers approached to, have any kind 
of agreement in terms of whatever waiver of fees or whatever, anything on that? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
No, Amit. There have been no such discussions so far. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. That is it all from my side. I will come back in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Sir, you have seen in Q4 there was an increase in employee cost, so as per your PPT 
payroll cost as a percentage our revenue increased from 28% in Q3 to 29%, right so that 
is number one, number two overall fixed cost reduction in FY2021, you have highlighted 
50% so can you tell us what percentage of cost cutting is going to sustain over three to 
four years? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
I did allude to answer to this question earlier. I will try and answer it again. The fixed 
cost, a large percentage of the fixed cost reduction will continue in the coming years 
because the employee productivity numbers have improved significantly on the back of 
two, three exercises, one we have clustered some services. Number two, we have 
centralized certain services, number three, we have reassessed processes in systems and 
automated a few things to allow us to go with a lesser number of people. Now all this 
will continue and therefore we expect the productivity levels to be high for times to 
come. The certain other costs in terms of variable will also continue to be high even if the 
revenues go up. Just to give you a reference over the last one-and-a-half years we worked 
with the brands of localizing all procurement items so consumables like bathroom 
amenities, room amenities have all been localized. We are working on establishing our 
in-house water bottling plants, that is more from environment perspective, but the 
outcome of that is that our payback will be around a year so we will actually have 
reduction in operating cost there too. Similarly we have had some energy initiatives in 
the company, which have improved efficiencies of energy consumption and all of them 
will help keep our costs low as we go forward. Laundry, I have already mentioned earlier 
that this has been one item that we have outsourced and our efficiency on a cost per kg of 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 16 of 20 
laundry has improved also significantly plus we were able to reduce the number of 
employees that we had. Finally, I think the one big ticket item is that we worked hard 
with the global brands to pick up some of the best practices that were available globally 
and incorporate them. Like there could be change in patterns of how people travel in 
future, there is also going to be change in patterns of what  services will be offered in 
hotels. When I mentioned automation, we do expect in future all our guests at least the 
large percentage of the guests will actually be using handheld devices for checking in, 
using that as a key, for concierge services or any engagement with the hotel team and for 
checking out. Practically, we expect over the next two, three years time we will probably 
do away with the front desk as a whole. You will have some people in lobby, which are 
my guest relation executives who are going to be fully engaging with the guest in that 
area, but not having proper front desk for checking in and check outs. That will reduce 
employees three times over because the three shifts that manned over the reception 
counter and there are multiple counters at each hotel, so these are going to be good for 
future and we do expect a large part of this to continue. Another thing that I have 
mentioned was that some of the fixed cost have been converted to variable. So that fixed 
to variable and laundry is a clear example of that helps us navigate any crisis that will 
come in future. So our cost will not be the fixed cost of running the laundry machines, 
running electricity there and paying wages and salaries for the laundry employee that has 
been now the laundry operators requirement. Ours will be payment on a per kg basis or 
per unit basis, so therefore our costs will come down. I hope I have addressed your 
questions? I am not giving you numbers because I think again there will be perceived as 
forward-looking numbers. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, can you talk about the 50% reduction and then you have a payroll cost also and the 
payroll cost you have cut the overall ratio of the employee to room, but what about the 
cost measurement, whatever the per employee cost cut you have done, it is going to 
reverse when the good time will come? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
I think, I am sorry I missed that part of your question. We answered that earlier also that 
we saw an increase in payroll costs between the previous quarter and the current quarter 
that we have reported. The reason for that was that we reduced some of the salary cuts for 
the employees and therefore that costs went up. There could be some creep up on those 
cost on the payroll cost because there are some amount of salary cuts, which is basically 
reduction in number of days that the employees are coming to work, which are currently 
in play, but it is not going to be material in nature. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, my understanding compared to industry your fixed cost reduction for three, four years 
will be lower whatever the industry has already cut? 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 17 of 20 
Sanjay Sethi: 
No, cost reduction will be higher. We only are by the fact that we have now operating at 
0.74 employees to a room. So let me give you a reference point here Sumant, on this. One 
pre-pandemic, I think the reported numbers for the industry for upper upscale and luxury 
hotels for productivity were 2.1 employees per room and at that time Chalet used to be 
1.18 to 1.2 employees to a room. So we were 40% to 45% more efficient in the rest of the 
industry combined together. We have since then brought it down from 1.18 to 0.74. Now 
that is a reduction of .18 and .26 that is almost 0.44 on a base of 1.18 that is almost 40% 
reduction in number of employees, so that gives you a clear reference on which way 
teams are heading. We do have significant savings. The other thing that Milind had 
touched upon was the power cost. Now that is something that we are working on for a 
while now and we have happy to announce that as Milind mentioned that we have signed 
LOI for power purchase for the next 10 years that will not only help us take that 51% of 
renewable share even higher than we are today, but it will also bring our blended cost per 
unit lower than where we are today. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Sumant, Milind here. Just to give you a perspective we were sourcing our power from 
third party generators and it was at discount around 30% of commercial rates. Now, we 
are expecting industry rates will be applicable in the next one or two months and our new 
arrangement is a discount to industry rate so as compared to our previous purchase price 
it is 30% lower and there will be some discount to industry rate, so which bring down our 
power cost substantially. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyanka Yogesh Khandelwal from 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. It seems like we lost the connection for 
the current participant, we move to the next question from the line of Jeetu Panjabi from 
EM Capital advisors. Please go ahead. 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
Thanks so much. We really appreciate this. Two questions, one more on micro question 
what is your total debt as of today and what is the plan on that, I mean how do you 
penetrate that forward over the next year or two? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Out gross debt position as on date is Rs.1940 Crores to be reduced by cash and cash 
equivalent so we are at around Rs.1871 Crores or so and we have planned capex of 
around Rs.350 Crores for next year, so there will be some addition in debt in FY2022, but 
that depends on how capex pans out. 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 18 of 20 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
Okay, understood and the second question, we hear lot of the moving parts on occupancy 
and ARRs and everything else is going on can you just take me through what is the 
thinking at the board level or the family level how do Ravi and Neel or how does the 
founder think about this business from a three, four year perspective, what is the bigger 
picture game plan, what do we plan to do this over the next 4 to 5 years, where do we 
plan to take this? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
This is Sanjay here. We just finished the board meeting yesterday. I think this is the fresh 
off the table. From our perspective we get enough comfort from the backing of the 
promoters group, a very strong promoters group, so from that perspective we have no 
stress at all. We have the benefit of the real estate expertise within the group and Chalet 
has three types of assets within is portfolio, hotels, we have got malls and we have got 
office spaces. The office space real estate division has been doing extremely well and our 
general belief is that, that is more stable in nature than retail and on the back of that 
strategy and we are converting majority of the ORB, which is at the JW Sahar Mumbai 
into office space. Just as a reference the total area that we have is about 11200 square 
meters and 80% of that will be converted to office space. Roughly around 2500 square 
meters will continue as F&B and retail, this decision is taken on the back of knowledge 
that sits within the group and we are able to sweat the asset, diversify our risks on the 
back of the real estate expertise. We believe that the hedge that we have done of having a 
certain amount of assets in the office side has been the savior in the last four quarters that 
actually helped us to deliver four consecutive quarters of EBITDA positive results. We 
believe going forward that will continue to be strong and if you heard the earnings call of 
the Mindspace business park they have done an excellent job of leasing and releasing 
spaces even in the last quarter. The belief is the following that good quality A grade 
office spaces at the right location will continue to have higher demand and a premium to 
hedge. With that in mind the decision was taken and with that in mind we are building 
the large office building in Powai and with that in mind we are building the office towers 
in Bengaluru. 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
Just on a focus perspective am I hearing this right that from a hotels and a retail 
perspective you want to keep a little but manage it very well over the next three, four 
years and the incremental capital will be going to office space? Did I hear that correctly 
or is that? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Jeetu, if you look at our current capex plans and our projects, that is true, majority of the 
capex plan is actually going to office spaces. We had three hotels, which were supposed 
to be in the pipeline given the demand dynamics obviously we are following a wait and 
watch strategy on that. But hospitality we will continue with the majority of the business 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 19 of 20 
as even with the 39% occupancies, hospitality revenue has now crept back to 70% odd of 
the total revenue of the company and when things do stabilize in two, three years time we 
expect revenues in hospitality to be about 75% of the revenue, 25% of it coming through 
office and retail, majority of it is coming through offices actually. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Jeetu let me add here, I mean our incremental capex for office space we are expecting 
high teen returns so we are raising debt at 8-8.25% today and we are expecting a very 
high return so we want to use this uncertain time for building commercial assets. 
Jeetu Panjabi: 
Thank you so much. I really appreciate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a followup from the line of Amit Agarwal from Nirmal 
Bang. Please go ahead. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thanks, again. Just a quick followup, honestly I do not know what SEIS income. Can you 
just explain me what is SEIS income for? 
Milind Wadekar: 
SEIS is Service Exports from India Scheme. We are entitled for 5% SEIS for net foreign 
exchange earnings for the year. So as an hotelier whenever we have foreign guest they 
pay us in foreign currency and that becomes our foreign exchange we have some foreign 
currency expenditure that is royalty or management fees what we pay to our operators so 
on the basis of net foreign exchange earning our entitlement is 5% for net foreign 
exchange earnings. 
Amit Agarwal: 
For importing goods? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Or you cannot buy the scripts. So just to expand that a little bit more the SEIS, final 
announcement by the Ministry, Government of India has not been made and this is for the 
year FY2019-2020. That was recorded in our financial statements earlier because you 
take the earnings in the benefit of SEIS in the subsequent year and with the government 
taking some more time to come back on the final announcement, it was only prudent to 
write back that income in our books and on advise of our auditors we have written that 
back so the impact of that was Rs.12.3 Crores in this quarter and that is why our EBITDA 
numbers did go down by Rs.12 Crores odd. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Amit, weights were notified by a Ministry of Commerce up to FY2019. We were 
expecting Ministry of Commerce will notify rate for FY2020, but that did not come 
through till March 2021 or April 2021, hence we decided to reverse that income. 

Chalet Hotels Limited 
May 19, 2021 
Page 20 of 20 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Just as a decision the Hotel Association of India SIHRA, FHRAI all of us are falling 
through the association to get this it is not just that it is a travel community, other 
exporters all of them are faced with the same challenge and once this gets announced 
then we might be able to put it back in the book depending on what the announcement is. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure, thanks. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sanjay Sethi for closing comments. Over to you, Sir! 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you so much. Thank you everyone for your time. On behalf of the team at Chalet 
we would like to wish you good health and please stay safe. We look forward to engaging 
with you in the near future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Chalet Hotels Limited that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
