 
BARBEQUE-NATION HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
Registered Office: Sy. No. 62, Site No. 13, 6th Cross, NS Palya, BTM Layout, Bengaluru- 560 076, Karnataka, India                                 
T: +91 80 45113000, F: +91 80 45113062, E-mail: corporate@barbequenation.com, CIN: U55101KA2006PLC073031 
www.barbequenation.com 
 
Date: June 02, 2021 
 
To 
 
Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory  
BSE Limited,  
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
Listing & Compliance  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza’, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: BARBEQUE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, May 24, 2021  
 
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the "Listing Regulations") 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof), please 
find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, May 24, 2021, 
post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2021. The audio recording of the Earnings call along with the Transcript has 
been uploaded on the Company’s website https://www.barbequenation.com/stock-exchange-
filings. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
M. No: A27475 
 
Encl: As above. 
 

1 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
 
May 24, 2021 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Kayum Dhanani - Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal - Chief Executive Officer  
Amit Betala - Chief Financial Officer  
Kushal Budhia - Head of Strategy, IR, Business Development 
 
Moderator: 
 
Percy Panthaki - IIFL Securities Limited 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
2 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Barbeque Nation Hospitality 
Q4 FY2021 Conference Call, hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' 
then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Percy Panthaki from IIFL 
Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Percy Panthaki: 
Good evening everyone and welcome to this maiden conference call of Barbeque 
Nation. It is my pleasure to host. On today’s call, we have with us Mr. Kayum 
Dhanani, Managing Director, Mr. Rahul Agrawal, CEO, Mr. Amit Betala, CFO and 
Mr. Kushal Budhia, Head of Strategy, Investor Relations and Business 
Development. Mr. Dhanani will provide us with an overview of the performance 
and key events followed by detailed discussion on financial performance by Mr. 
Agrawal and then we will open the floor for Q&A session. I would like to hand 
over now to Mr. Dhanani for his remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Thank you very much. Good evening to all and welcome to the first earnings call 
of Barbeque Nation. Hope you and your family, loved ones are safe and healthy. 
As you all know, FY2021 was a challenging year, but also a year of lot of 
learning’s, resilience and strength. 
Barbeque Nation had a difficult start to the year due to pandemic-related 
nationwide lockdowns, in fact multiple lockdowns in multiple cities. As you are 
aware that for a significant part of Q1 FY2021 literally all economic activities 
including restaurants were completely closed followed by a gradual reopening of 
the business. 
 
At the beginning of FY2021, our business model was predominantly dine-in and 
delivery sales were very limited, which had an impact on our cash flows and 
liquidity position. However, the strength of our brand and resilience of our team 
ensured a robust recovery for the business. 
Now, we are pleased to announce that in the last quarter of the financial year, we 
recorded a revenue growth of 19% on year-on-year basis. During the year, we 
emphasised on adding delivery as a new line of business, a new channel of 
business on top of our dine-in business, the focus on product menu and delivery 
experience. 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
3 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
We pioneered in launching of yet another innovative product, Barbeque in a Box 
to cater to the growing delivery segment and the initial response for the 
Barbeque-in-a-Box has been very encouraging and it is in continuation to our 
brand ethos of value, variety and celebration. We had been able to enhance our 
growth prospects by creating new channel and increasing our digital reach to 
enable our consumers to consume our offerings to multiple mediums. 
Launch of Barbeque in a Box and offering deliveries through our own app has 
been some of the initiatives taken by our teams. The organization had also 
demonstrated agility in managing its cost, which is paramount in such testing 
times and were successful in cost optimization across many levels, a long-term 
relationship with our landlords, and vendors have led to obtaining rental waivers 
in restructuring of vendor contracts to compensate for the slowdown in the 
general business sentiments and I must say that everyone has been very 
cooperative because of our longstanding relationship with all the vendors. The 
recovery in dine-in business coupled with our focus on growing delivery business 
enabled us to restrict operating losses for the year to only 5 Crores. We are 
happy that despite the challenging external operating environment, we were 
successful in completing a capital raise of Rs.330 Crores and are thankful to our 
investors for their trust and belief in the brand and our organization. 
 
Our strategic focus in growing the delivery channel and strong balance sheet will 
help us overcome the short-term challenges posed by the second wave of the 
pandemic. We are ensuring that our employees are safe and are also closely 
working towards vaccinating all our employees as an organization. This was an 
unexpected, unusual year and we had to close three restaurants in the first half 
of the year, which was the first in the history of Barbeque Nation in India; 
however, we opened three restaurants during the year and as a result our store 
count remained unchanged at 164 restaurants. Various strategic initiatives 
undertaken during the year coupled with our stronger positioning compared to the 
last year give us the confidence to continue our growth momentum. We plan to 
open 20 new restaurants during FY2022 and further enhance our footprint. 
I will now hand over for more details to Rahul, who will take you through the 
performance of Q4 FY2021. Over to you, Rahul! 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Kayum. Good evening all. I hope you and your family are safe and 
healthy. With the reopening of economic activities and easing of restrictions in H2 
of the financial year, we have seen robust revival of our operating performance.  

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
4 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
In addition, improvement in customer confidence helped us to restore month-on-
month increase in sales from both dine-in and delivery channels. 
Our consolidated revenue from operations was 226 Crores in Q4 FY2021, an 
increase of 18.5% over Q4 in the previous year. Delivery channel has grown at 
approximately 6x in Q4 versus previous year. The delivery channel continued to 
grow even after the recovery of our dine-in business, which was very 
encouraging. We continued to focus on further growing the delivery business and 
plan to grow it to 2x in FY2022. 
Our consolidated gross margins were 66.6% for Q4 FY2021, an improvement of 
100 basis points compared to the previous quarter. This improvement was driven 
by recovery in the dine-in business and increased efficiency, leading to reduction 
in food wastages. Our consolidated restaurant operating margins increased from 
9.7% in Q4 last year to 20.5% in Q4 this year. The improvement was an account 
of strong sales recovery, higher gross margin and various other cost optimization 
measures undertaken by the company. 
 
Our international business has stabilized now and has reported double-digits 
operating EBITDA margins in Q4 FY2021. This is without Ind-AS 116 impact. 
Toscano also continues to deliver double-digit operating EBITDA margins again 
without Ind-AS 116 impact. The reported EBITDA was 56.1 Crores in Q4 FY2021 
versus 24.6 Crores in Q4 FY2020. The operating EBITDA without the impact of 
Ind-AS 116 was 31.3 Crores in Q4 versus Rs.2.1 Crores in Q4 of the previous 
year thereby reporting a strong growth. We reported adjusted profit after tax of 
9.2 Crores in Q4 FY2021. Cash flow from operation continues to be strong in Q4 
and with the capital raise in April 2021 and repayment of debt the drag on cash 
profits from interest expense is reduced. 
 
We continue to remain focused on investments in our own digital platform 
covering reservation, delivery and loyalty. The share of business coming from our 
own digital platforms increased from 20.1% in Q4 FY2020 to 24.7% as on Q4 
FY2021. Our loyalty program SMILES has grown significant acceptance and 
traction from our customers. With the onset of second wave of COVID-19, 
subsequent lockdowns and temporary store closures our dine-in channel in the 
current ongoing quarter has been impacted; however, we remain optimistic of a 
strong and positive recovery in subsequent quarters. We also remain committed 
to undeterred focus on guests and employee safety. We will continue to focus on 
our cost optimization, growing our delivery channel and further enhancing the 
core Barbeque brand with 20 new store openings in FY2022. 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
5 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
With that, I hand over this to the moderator for questions and answers. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
It has been great to listen to your presentation. Congratulations on a good IPO 
and it is great to reconnect after a longtime. I have only couple of questions to 
begin with; one maybe I missed the first minute or two if at all sorry for that, just 
wanted to understand a little more about the BBQ-in-a-Box concept, which has 
been an absolute stunner as a consumer, let us say, what is you medium term 
thought process on that if I take three, five-year view where it could kind of 
stabilize and what are the good and bad part of BBQ-in-a-Box? So that is one. 
The second aspect is when I think about the margins say in the medium term one 
mathematic question is the way you look at it, what is the minimum SSG needed 
to ensure that your margins are stable? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
The concept of Barbeque in a Box is very similar to Barbeque Nation’s concept of 
providing value, variety and experience. Barbeque in a Box is an assembly of 
good set of starters, desserts, main course, biryani and we still strive to cater to 
the celebration segment of our consumer needs in the delivery segment and we 
have seen that they have done pretty similar to our dine-in business. So, overall 
that business contributes to almost 60% to 70% of our revenues from our delivery 
business and as we try and increase our presence across the country these sales 
point will also grow. They are also exploring whether we can take this outside of 
our core Barbeque Nation brand with some extension kitchens and further 
increase that. Delivery also is a larger market and right now I think we have just 
entered it very recently and the growth numbers that we at least expect in this is 
going to be very good. In terms of your question on margin profile, you see that 
over last three years we have been opening almost 25 to 28 outlets every year, 
which is approximately 25% of our existing base and these stores mature pretty 
much in two to three years and so if you look at FY2019-2020, these stores are 
still maturing, they were putting some pressure on our margins and then 
subsequently the COVID event happened. On a normalized basis, I expect that 
our margins at store level should be 22% to 23% and the backend cost drag 
should not be more than 5% to 6% and overall increasing the margin profile from 
current around 13.5% to 14% to at least 15% should not be a challenge and if 
you look at our cohort of older stores, they continue to report that margin profile. 
Also, delivery is incremental to us. Delivery business does not  

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
6 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
cannibalize our existing dine-in business. We have not seen that over the last 
some many months now and we expect that everything beyond gross margin and 
contribution margin there is a lot of variable costs including your packaging and 
your commissions that you pay to aggregators plus your own delivery fleet, but 
even apart from that the margins are accretive there. With that at least we expect 
it to be the margins overall to increase by at least 100 to 150 BPS going forward 
and this is obviously in a normalized state, right now you will also see a lot of 
noise around because of COVID shutdown, lockdowns, multiple things still being 
there. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood and one followup on that last one and I will come back in the queue, 
about the Barbeque in a Box concept, which has been an asset and it is an 
absolute stunner as an analyst or as a consumer when I think about it, I really 
thought a few years back there is a possibly of something like this. The only thing 
which to the extent you may be able to comment in a public call given the 
competitive sensitive nature, but I still go ahead and ask this question, I leave the 
option of responding or not responding to you, what I am trying to understand is 
the sort of cohorts or the consumers who have would have used the Barbeque in 
a Box concept in the last let us say in a year, what proportion of them would be 
your current set of consumers, what I am just trying to understand is there a 
genuine case awareness rather than availability, which is driving growth or how 
do you look at this? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It is very difficult to answer that question because some of our deliveries also 
happen through aggregators and there is data marking there, but in general our 
empirical belief is that most of the consumers who have tried us are our loyal 
customers, they have also seen increasing orders coming from our own app on 
our delivery platform as more and more people are getting aware of that. I think 
awareness is one which obviously is slowly improving, but the other thing also is 
distribution point, so if you look at metro markets like Mumbai or Delhi, this is 
also restricted because of the fact that we only have between 15 and 17 outlets 
in the city and we have a delivery point and we are trying to also ensure that 
some of the lager markets like metro markets how can we further add more Point 
of Sales and add extension kitchens, which will help in getting that growth that 
should come in, otherwise I think while the numbers are growing well I still see 
that the delivery market is pretty big and also most importantly the Indian cuisine 
delivery market is among the largest and we operate in that so going forward at 
least we are excited to tap this opportunity here. 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
7 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Just one more point Rahul the Barbeque in a Box is also addressing one more 
point for us is the acquisition of a customer. If you have experienced Barbeque in 
a Box if you would have noticed typically families order Barbeque in a Box where 
a family of six people will order only three boxes because the food is so abundant 
in that box that the cost per person becomes quite viable, so the people who 
generally are also not able to come to restaurants because it is expensive it 
works for us a consumer acquisition. So, people then they will start consuming 
Barbeque Nation products and they will start coming to the restaurant, so it will 
create a good pipeline of new consumer for us. It works for us that way as well. 
Manoj Menon: 
Very clear. I will come back in this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
I just had two questions. First, is initially one of the strengths that we have is the 
ability to get interesting feedback through the dine-in or the post followups, how 
do you replicate this in the delivery-in-a-box while I kind of agree that it is a great 
concept, it kind of brings us another leg for growth. I just wanted to understand 
how do you look at that aspect? Second was essentially on the 20 store 
restaurant additions that you are planning, could you give us some more colour 
on, a) Whether it is in existing or new cities or b) are you kind of rethinking on the 
store? That is all from me. Thank you. 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Sorry, I missed something did you ask that how do you collect feedback on 
delivery? 
Avi Mehta: 
Yes, I mean, you have a lot of work on that right, I just wanted to know how does 
the call center get used or how do you use that strength to sustain or spread that 
one of the thing is you have a lot of word of mouth spread that happens, how 
does that work in the box concept and how do you kind of get the feedback to 
ensure that it kind of generates positive feedback for you going forward as well? 
Kayum Dhanani: 
It is evolving and if you look at it, it is pretty young product, not even one year old 
and the organizational DNA has been always dine-in, right and the delivery 
business is slightly different and we are ensuring that on a daily basis we work 
towards that to improve on the experience of our customer be it in terms of value, 
variety, quality and everything, and in terms of the feedback like I said a  
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
8 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
substantial portion of these businesses now also been driven from our own app, 
which gives us access to immediate feedback, which gives us even in those 
orders we are now doing almost 50% of calls to those customers so that we get 
as much variety of feedback as possible. You would remember that we only do 
20% of transaction calls in our dine-in business, but as of now in this business we 
are doing 50% of the calls and as and when we are giving more and more 
feedback across the country, we are incorporating that in our daily operations. 
That was one. In terms of new store expansions like we have always maintained 
for us timing a restaurant the way in which the right central is more important 
than just ensuring that we have to be in that markets, work with that strategy. As 
of now, like we have also discussed in the past, we believe that our penetration in 
metro markets is still very low in a place like NCR, Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, we 
still are only in early double-digits numbers between 13 and 15 to 17 stores and 
some of the markets, which are already there which we were not gone in the 
past, because of substantially our rentals, right now we are seeing that at least 
these rental deals are softening and given that the restaurant industry in 
particular has suffered a lot, a lot of landlords are also very reasonable in their 
expectations, which helps us to give and look at certainly these markets, so I 
have to put a number and this will be completely off because it also depends on 
what set of final negotiations we do, but my feeling is that out of 20 new stores 
that we are looking to open at least 50% to 60% of these will come in metro 
markets and the balance will come in Tier 1, Tier 2 markets. 
Avi Mehta: 
If I may, Rahul one just one bit is we are essentially very uncertain from a 
demand point of view, I would love to get your point of view and how you look at 
it, but how do you look at restaurant openings now, the point I was trying to get to 
is understand the margin trajectory a little more because you will have to do it 
differently across the stores so what is the underlying thought on cost control 
versus reopening, how do you work on that balance and what is the margin 
trajectory that you would kind of aim for as we go forward if you could give us 
some sense on that? That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Look short-term is going to be extremely challenging and uncertain because it is 
very difficult for anybody to predict how the lockdowns will reopen in various 
states and now the nature of lockdown has been more district wise and state 
wise, so it is actually very difficult to plan, but we have done that in the previous 
years and two major costs that you have to look at is your lease cost and your 
manpower cost and we have a very close eye on this and we are trying to also 
optimize that and looking it as much variable as possible in the current year also 
like we did in last year right and like we saw in the last year quarter one, quarter  

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
9 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
two, margin percentage numbers are actually not meaningful to talk about, but 
what we are trying to see is that as the business tried to shape up in H2 of last 
year be it Q3 and by February last year, we had actually crossed 8% of what we 
did in February previous year despite the fact that this year February was one 
day less, which is almost 3% of your total February topline, so we are hopeful 
that this should happen even this year and post I think Q1 and hopefully if by 
June end cases go down and selectively some of the states are opening up and 
give us permission to start our dine-in business, I think that that recovery should 
us to build in, but in nutshell it is very difficult to predict short-term. 
Avi Mehta: 
Fair enough. Thank you very much, Sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Rahul, just wanted you to address one of the concerns in the investment 
community regarding cannibalization between dine-in and your delivery business, 
so if you can just give some data to sort of your, how the dine-in versus the 
delivery sort of business has trended over the last couple of quarters like this 
quarter you did 28.5 Crores of delivery, how much was that number in Q3 if you 
can us an idea and then sort of, the purpose of this question is to just figure out 
that as the dine-in proportion have increased and all the restrictions have gone 
away and in Q4 you are close to normal in terms of dine-in, did the delivery 
business go down as people sort of went to the restaurant and therefore they did 
not need to get the home delivery? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We have not seen any sort of cannibalization between dine-in and delivery 
business. Between Q3 and Q4 obviously our dine-in business has grown and so 
as our delivery business and fundamentally my view is that it is for Barbeque 
Nation, dine-in Barbeque Nation is a very experiential concept, you come and 
have obviously great value, you do not consume it alone, you come and 
celebrate something and I think whatever you might say a lot of our consumers 
and guests they want to celebrate it in Barbeque Nation because of the overall 
experience that they get, be it from the live, update from the live counters or be it 
unlimited option that they get and obviously service that they get and that I do not 
think can be compensated by delivery business. Delivery serves a different need, 
which is convenience and that is what we have been now trying to tap and if you 
look at our growth at the levels that we are in I think the base is pretty small as 
compared to what the market has to offer. So, I am not particularly worried about 
any cannibalization happening between the two businesses. In f 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
10 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
act, as we are discussing in the earlier part of the call, we are now seeing how to 
increase our presence in the market so that we can tap this opportunity more, 
which is what the focus would be. 
Avi Mehta: 
So, Rahul, for Q4 your delivery was about 12% to 13% of your sales, so in a 
normal situation going ahead let us say assuming no restrictions on dine-in etc., 
once COVID is over, where do you expect this percentage to stabilize, your 
delivery as a percentage of your total sales? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Frankly, we do not look at that way. What we look at is delivery is a big market 
and like we have also mentioned and Kayum also just mentioned we will target to 
grow delivery business almost 2x at least this year. Dine-in business still not 
recovered to obviously it is pre-COVID level and that is how the lockdown relax, 
but in long-term what we are seeing is how can we increase the ADS, which is 
average daily sales per restaurant from the delivery business, so we actually do 
not look at this percentage. This percentage if you look at Q1 was almost 80%, 
then Q3 this number came to around 15%, Q4 because of recovery in delivery 
business, dine-in business it went up to around 13%, but what is important is that 
this segment should continue to grow and my belief is that given that the base is 
still lower this will grow on an annual basis at least definitely more than the dine-
in business. 
Avi Mehta: 
Right, so you mentioned ADS and I am also coming from the same perspective 
so how we analysts look at it is total sales per restaurant on a yearly basis, which 
pre-COVID would have been somewhere close to 6 Crores not exactly, but 
somewhere in that region may be little lower than 6 Crores, now if I add this 12% 
to 14% contribution from delivery as an extra assuming that there is no 
cannibalization from dine-in, then we would reach closer to 7 Crores per 
restaurant, so is this thought process in the correct direction I mean logically 
speaking what I am saying does it make sense? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, so if you are only taking it 15% to 16% on a stabilized basis I think we 
should be able to do that. We have done that in the previous quarters also, yes, 
that is a right thought. 
Avi Mehta: 
That is all from me. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
11 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Tejas Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is also slightly an extension of the earlier 
question, so like in many businesses we have seen in last year that many tactical 
measures led to structural insights and then perhaps really imagine the whole 
business again and you eluded also that DNA wise you are more of a dine-in 
organization than a delivery, so once things normalize, how do we plan to 
rationalize the bandwidth and capital both to chase or accommodate both the 
formats or it will be back to dine-in as a priority and delivery will be just add on 
measure of a growth? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That is not the way we are looking at it. Obviously, we are looking at a much 
detailed both in manned in bandwidth and time on the delivery business and that 
is also because our dine-in business is pretty stable have been around for 15 
years, over the last 5 years we have added store count at a CAGR of almost 23% 
to 24%, so that is a business that we are very comfortable with. Obviously, it has 
short-term challenges because of COVID, but we do not get I think the market 
opportunity is still large and we will continue to focus on that. On top of that our 
store network almost 150 in this country today is also an added advantage right 
now and that is what we want to leverage more to add on delivery opportunity. 
So, the question is will the focus go away? No, absolutely not. This particular 
business, we have been able to add without practically zero capital investment 
and it is incremental to us both in terms of asset turn and also in terms of 
incremental absolute EBITDA being added to the stores and also most probably 
the direction of the market also is moving towards that, so not to say that dine-in 
will not grow, but delivery is growing very well and given that we are one the 
leading players in this industry, we would like to capitalize on that and that is one 
of our strength also. 
Tejas Shah: 
Second usually we have seen in dine-in outlets versus delivery that the 
catchment area of both the formats is slightly different. Obviously, delivery being 
higher or wider, so do it mean that our store expansion plan in light of this new 
capability that we are developing will be relooked and obviously again our store 
outlet or the layout the way we design or store size we need to actually 
recalibrate the same accommodating both delivery and dine-in options? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
On the catchment side, pre-COVID we have experienced that our guests does 
not want to come to a restaurant if it is beyond 15 minutes of your driving time 
and the reason being they typically spend almost one-and-a-half hours in the 
restaurant and overall they do not want to spend more than two hours, be it our 
corporate clients, or be it our friends and family clients, so I think and these are 
pre-COVID scenarios with the going traffic we have seen that that the catchment  

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
12 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
area of our brand is approximately within 5 kilometers radius that is an accretion 
which means that if we sell in the metro markets you have much, much more 
opportunities coming on your phase 2 to expand and that continues obviously 
how things setup post-COVID, our expansion in that will continue in the same 
direction as previously. In terms of store layout obviously once you have to look 
at dine-in as that numbers are growing, we are making changes in our backend 
restaurant operations so that we have dedicated space for delivery, which is very 
convenient from the store operating team perspective. So those changes are 
already being done in few of the restaurants and have already been incorporated 
in the new design in all our future restaurants. 
Tejas Shah: 
Great. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Susmit Patodia from Motilal 
Oswal Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Good evening everyone and congratulations on good quarter overall. Rahul, my 
first question is you have mentioned that your net debt is 11 Crores, sorry I did 
not understand that if you could explain that your net debt was 230 Crores is 
FY2020, you did 330 Crores raise if you could explain the debt numbers because 
I thought you should have been a net cash company by now? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Amit, do you want to take that? 
Amit Betala: 
We have raised an IPO of around 180 Crores and we have raised another pre-
IPO of 150 Crores, so total was 330 Crores, we had a debt of around 250 Crores 
on a consolidated basis as on March 2020, and with the 250 we are going to 
utilize I believe that we would pare down a large number of debt and would be 
left with a debt of around 35 Crores. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Sorry, Susmit, I think will try and explain it differently. Yes, we raised around 330 
Crores odd out of that broadly there was issue expenditures also which would to 
the tune of around 15 Crores so that is around 315 Crores odd and then last year 
there was interest expenditures of approximately I think 30 Crores odd give or 
take couple of Crores so we should reduce that from this so it is 285 Crores. 
There was operating loss net of around 5 Crores, which was 280 Crores and then 
capex done previous year of approximately 15 Crores odd so that is around 265 
Crores and we have reported as Amit said the number was 250 Crores as on 
March debt including our working capital lines that we have drawn post 
November so overall, that is for 12 Crores net number comes into the books. 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
13 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Kushal Budhia: 
Just one more thing was that the IPO money, which was 180 Crores that had 
come in April and the number that you are looking at is the March 2021, so 150 
Crores of pre-IPO was there which is sitting on March 31, 2021, and the 
remaining IPO. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Okay, got it. Today, you would be a net cash company? 
Kushal Budhia: 
Yes. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Got it. Sorry, that is my mistake. The second question, Rahul is, you know, your 
operating cash flow after subtracting lease payments was a small positive of 
close to zero for FY2021, which is a topline of 500 Crores, so it that the new cash 
breakeven for the company? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It is very difficult to look at that in that manner because some of these also 
include some of the onetime waivers that we have received from our landlord 
partners and also on the employee cost there is some sort of lag effect in terms 
of when the restaurant gets shutdowns and when you could also change it to a 
viable sort of structure, so broadly if you ask me cumulatively for the full year, in 
dine-in business I will say and incremental delivery business that we were doing 
right now this should be positive at the overall level and we should not be losing 
any operating cash like we did in FY2021. 
Susmit Patodia: 
My last question is you have a bold target of doubling delivery revenues this year. 
What would be drivers in your expansion, geography expansion what are the 
drivers here if you could just explain? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Right now, I think it is increasing penetration in the existing market itself, which is 
delivery from all our 50 channels. On a run rate basis, we have done in Q4 
almost 30 Crores odd so that itself annualized is 120 Crores and we have already 
been saying 150 Crores, which is nothing, but 25% growth on the annualized 
number that we did in Q4 so that 25% growth is average daily sale from the 
existing market itself is doable, very well and then we are also exploring how we 
can further expand our Point of Sales for delivery business, which can be 
supported by the main Barbeque Nation outlet so with that I think we should be 
able to achieve what we are looking at. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Got it. So, no minimum expansion we do it with this current offering to get to that 
150 Crores? 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
14 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, I believe so and while we keep working on some of the deliveries, and in 
some cases we keep testing from some part of the country and not in pan India, 
so that is the continuous exercise so on the box product I think it has stabilized 
now and right now we are not looking at expanding that. It does not make sense, 
at this point we think where we want to grow in the existing offering itself, but on 
a daily basis actually various menu, research and it keeps going on, but as of 
now if you ask me I have not taken that into account for the target of 2x that we 
have come out and given the outlook for. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Just my last question if I may, there is a cash inflow of 105 Crores as liabilities 
towards selling shareholder, so you can just explain that, please? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
This is as on March, right? 
Susmit Patodia: 
Yes. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Amit, go on. 
Amit Betala: 
This is the money which was lying in our anchor account because we got the 
money from the public offer account, some interest came in, and so this is 
nothing but the selling shareholders money. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Got it. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, frankly we completed our IPO between the two financial years so that is why 
March 25, is slightly confusing maybe we should have given numbers for April 
2021. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Then you have given P&L, which would not have been great. Thank you and all 
the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived 
Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Thanks for taking my question. I had two questions. If I look at the employee cost 
they were down around 31% on financial year 2021, if you could give employee 
count, last year I think we had around 9500 employees, what is the count as on 
FY2021 and how to keep build some of these employee cost on fixed variable 
some metrics which you have introduced during the year because of pandemic? 
Secondly, you mentioned the potential about scaling the delivery business so by 
when can we have the extended delivery or some cloud kitchen kind of models  

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
15 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
especially in metros because I would get Barbeque in a Box would be more 
metro centric to sell and easier to target these customers. What are the action 
plans? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, just continuing on the delivery stuff given that we were talking about that into 
the system also, these are still being evaluated and also given COVID the 
closure cycle getting a site is actually taking longer and this is a new concept so 
we want to be very sure about how we are launching it. The debate is still under 
discussion, but right now the focus is stabilizing this and that is why we are 
looking at a growth of almost 100% in a stable manner is what we are targeting. If 
this improves and we have to displays the extended kitchen concept that we are 
taking about we will sort of come back, but as of now it is very difficult for me to 
give you a firm timeline for that. On the employee cost, historically it had been 
approximately and we are talking about store level breakup between 21% and 
21.5% of a topline and during pandemic last year when we did a lot of work 
towards optimizing the employee cost at the restaurants and also reduce the 
number of manpower almost 10%, we have seen that that number and this a core 
employee cost at the store level, we have seen it come down by approximately 
1.5% point, so I think on a stable state having employee cost of between 18.5% 
and 19% of the topline for the core operating stores is what we are looking at and 
then in terms of employee costs there is an incremental cost for the backend 
employee cost so that is the way this will work out. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I am trying to understand historically we had a decent presence down south, so 
what is the demand scenario in the second wave of COVID, especially in South 
of India I was trying to understand that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Frankly, I do not think that is a correct statement to make that we are larger in 
down south. Our presence in North and Central India is pretty much equal, but in 
terms of recovery during second wave in our delivery business we have not seen 
any particular regional increase or decrease in the country and dine-in business 
unfortunately it is still shut so it is very difficult to give you an estimate of the 
regional behavior of the dine-in business right now. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Lastly, on an ongoing business any plans of rejuvenating the Barbeque in a Box 
menu because after a point of time people will get tired and repeat purchases 
might be difficult? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It is early to say and like we have maintained that the freshness of brand in 
Barbeque Nation for the last 15 years in dine-in business I think whatever  
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
16 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
changes are required from the consumer perspective, from our guest 
perspective, we will keep doing that, so that is the nature of how we operate, any 
decision in Barbeque Nation are taken from the guest perspective, employee 
perspective and then get it right, so on that front this shows that if the feedback is 
that this is getting submitted and that needs to be changed or upgraded or 
refreshed, we will definitely do that. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I understood. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Shah from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Anand Shah: 
Hello Rahul and team, thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions, 
firstly if you can throw any colour on the dine-in recovery that we have seen 
especially in Q4 I mean corporates obviously have not come fully to that extent 
and you have lunch in corporate heavy, so any colour that you managed this 
robust recovery in dine-in and what is driving this. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Anand you voice is breaking in between I could not 
understand your question. 
Anand Shah: 
I was just asking on the colour of dine-in recovery essentially given that you have 
lunch is corporate heavy despite that you have recovered dine-in majorly in Q4, 
so what is driving this that is one and also if you can throw some colour on the 
metro Tier 1 trends and Tier 2, Tier 3 trends I mean this recovery all across or it 
is more partly driven from Tier 2, Tier 3? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
In terms of our corporate business we saw at least mid corporates started to 
come back in Q4, large corporates they are still not operating, they are operating 
from home and that segment did not come back as much as it was earlier, but the 
friends and family segment started coming back in a larger form and in terms of 
Tier mix, I mean Tier 2 and Tier 3 came back much faster and the recovery in 
those markets have started seeing from September, October onwards and that 
continued till the end of last quarter before it all shut and metro markets they are 
also growing pretty much double digits basis in these cases, but yes, Tier 2, Tier 
3 had done slightly better on that. 
Anand Shah: 
Thanks and just one more question on your international business is that to 
profitability, how is that tracking any colour there? 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
17 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, so on the international business, I mean you were extremely disciplined to 
not look at any expansion for last two years and not that we are trying to do 
anything right now, we are focused on building back the customer demand and 
make sure that it becomes profitable. At the store level this has been profitable 
full year last year itself, but this year apart from H1, which also got impacted 
because of certain shutdowns in those places, H2 was highly profitable. We were 
doing double digits in a core operating EBITDA margin this is after the backend 
cost and this is on the back of very strong same store sales growth in that 
market, so now that business is not losing any money. The position is still higher 
so at PAT level there is marginal or a negative number there, but that also on a 
pure cash and cash basis that business is profitable and generating cash now. I 
think that is stabilized now and we are seeing that now on the core operating 
numbers when this is operational we have seen those performances for a 
continued period of almost four quarters now, so I do not expect any drag coming 
from that market. 
Anand Shah: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question will be from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from 
Centrum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Good evening, Kayum and Rahul. Thanks for the opportunity and thanks for good 
set of numbers. I have digital question, the attempt what you have said, so you 
said that you have 2.6 million download and the question which I wanted to ask is 
that what is the increase if you look at December quarter versus March quarter 
and what is the increase in traffic in terms of converting these orders. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think we have 2.2 million in the month of December 2020, which had gone to 
around 2.6 million and in terms of traffic increase what we have noticed is that in 
Q4 our dine-in recovery was stronger and we also saw that the average goods in 
dine-in business has slightly increased and in our experience some of the larger 
group clients they prefer to call our call center and book rather than booking it 
through digital platform, so that behavior, I think will change our time, but as the 
recovery happens people will tend to just call your call center so that is why we 
are seeing that on a dine-in business the contribution of our ad booking or ad 
reservation had slightly decreased in favor of our own call center reservation and 
on the delivery side we have seen that there is increased number of orders 
happening from our own app in Q4 versus Q3. 
 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
18 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That is a related question, which I wanted to ask, Barbeque-in-the-box through 
your own app and when you look at, are you also trying to do the food delivery 
contribution so what is the traffic growth we have seen, the reason why I am 
asking you mentioned that there is no cannibalization, so I just wanted to look 
from the data lens what is Q3 number and what is the Q4 number, if you can say 
that in terms of delivery and with the competition also? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, we do not want to share that with that numbers and that is what we also 
refrained from giving that in the presentation. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
You can just confirm whether there is a growth and if you can quantify that 
growth number, I am not asking the absolute number? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, there has been growth. I will not be able to quantify that growth number, but 
as I said there has been growth between the share of business in delivery that 
has come from our own app in Q3 and Q4. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Alright. Just last question, in terms of in the current scenario price changes and 
other things and you have a big menu on your side, so given the scenario are 
you facing  an inflationary cost pressure and the reason why I am asking you 
have a good on the margin front, so is that the steady state margin, which we can 
look at because broadly the cost lever what you have exercised last year would 
broadly remain for FY2022 also? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, in normal scenario definitely. If you look at a gross margins it was pretty less 
in Q1 at 30%, but then the topline also was only 10 Crores so such a small gross 
margin, such a small topline there was an impact overall and as we have seen 
our business recovering dine-in business recovering and better efficiencies with 
the buffets that we made on, they is a natural advantage that comes to you in 
terms of gross margin and that is what we have sequentially seen in Q1, Q2, Q3 
and Q4 and if you look at our normalized business, which is FY2019 or FY2020 
without last quarter you will see that our gross margins have been pretty stable at 
around 66% and if you look at long-term may be last 5 to 6 years we will see that 
has grown from approximately 60% gross margin business to around 66%, there 
may be couple of more percentage point to extract here, but we are just staying 
conservative and say that let us maintain this and once this stabilize and lot of 
volume we do on the supply chain over a period of next three to four years we 
will try and extract may be a couple of percentage point more from here, that is a 
constant improvement gain that we will keep working on new business. 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
19 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just last question from my side, on the loyalty program so how long this loyalty 
program you have been targeting and if you can share some quantifying details 
what is the loyalty program base or what is the growth, which you are seeing in 
FY2021 versus FY2020? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
This was launched in January 2020, which is just before the pandemic and the 
way to recognize the customers or the guests is with his mobile number and in 
the app immediately post your booking or post your delivery orders the SMILES 
response will cater to you and we have not seen that approximately just closer to 
double-digit, low double digit number is what you are now seeing in terms of 
number of transactions the company which have got the SMILES points, so that 
has grown pretty well over last four to five quarters, so just when we launched 
this program COVID happened so despite that we are seeing a good traction. So, 
I am essentially a long-term believer of this program and most probably because 
this benefits to our guests and our customers. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Alright. Thank you and all the best you and the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Thank you for this opportunity. My question was basically, I wanted to understand 
about the delivery business, in the earlier part of this call you mentioned that the 
delivery business will be added on to the store revenue, is my understanding 
correct for the delivery business will be routed via somewhere between 164 
Crores -175 Crores? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, this is part of the store revenue. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
But the delivery order personal and order required at the store level? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
You mean the cost of doing the delivery is at a cost level? 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Yes, that is my question. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, obviously, so all the entire. If my delivery is done from the same store all the 
cost rate of delivery including any advertising, bearer commission, any food cost, 
any employee cost all are added to the same store level P&L. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Wonderful and going forward also each individual store right there in delivery 
business is that the way you are thinking about it? 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
20 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Hello Rahul and team. My first question is when you talk about adding 
incremental stores in the metro cities and also we talk about adding Point of 
Sales for the delivery business would you feel and make you add another 
commissioning because we have one more in Delhi so do you see that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, we do not need to add any more commissioning. We are anyway moving 
towards more and more standardization as the business is expanding and once 
we add more outlets in our existing metro markets those can be self-served from 
our existing vendors so at any point of time we are not planning to add anymore 
commissions in the country. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure and in the delivery side we had seen the delivery becoming an incremental 
part of restaurant revenue and especially tried incremental margins as well, so 
typically we have been launched the lunch in our dinner platform, but do you see 
a wide space in this matter well in the delivery business, so for example, there 
has been Barbeque in a Box you have Barbeque al-a-carte model, so do you see 
an increased in the day part of the business itself as to drive better revenue 
through and put a better margins at a store level? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We will evaluate that, but as I said earlier also in the earlier part that our delivery 
business is pretty young and also very small and the market opportunity is large, 
industry’s bigger segment is lunch and dinner, so we would focus on optimizing 
that before we jump into any other segment, but like you said the subsidy is there 
and when you scale that this has now stabilized and this can be added, we will 
definitely work towards that, but if there is a possibility, yes, there is definitely a 
possibility. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, last bit on, when we look at delivery business so how it has been in the 
metro cities, recovery in line with what we have seen in the metro market or 
some qualitative colour on that would be very helpful? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
In terms of delivery growth we have not seen any remarkable difference between 
metro and non-metro, we are present across some 77 to 78 cities today and if  
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
21 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
you exclude those metro markets the average daily sale in these metro markets 
may be large higher than the non-metro markets on average, but in terms of 
growth numbers, it is pretty consistent, and across all these 78 cities I would not 
be able to flag out okay this market has done remarkably well, but there are 
some markets, which does very well, but not in terms of very outlier in the 
business. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, that is very helpful. Thank you, Rahul. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kushal Budhia for closing comments. 
Kushal Budhia: 
Thank you everyone for attending the call. We thank you for your time and we 
look forward to a good reopening once the lockdown is over and resuming our 
business. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

            
 
                         ay 24, 2021 
22 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2021 
 
 
For further information, please contact 
Kushal Budhia 
Head of Strategy, IR and Business Development  
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Ltd. 
Bijay Sharma / Bopiah Ganapathy 
Churchgate Partners 
+91 80 4511 3000 
Investor@barbequenation.com 
+91 22 6169 5988 
bbqn@churchgatepartners.com 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
 
 
No 62, Site No, Survey, 13, 6th Cross Rd, NS Palya, Stage 2, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560076 India. 
Website: www.barbequenation.com 
CIN: U55101KA2006PLC073031 
 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, 
but without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements 
relating to barbeque Nation’s future business developments and economic performance. While these 
forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of 
our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments 
and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general 
market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and 
interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of 
third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business 
and financial performance. Barbeque Nation undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking 
statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
 
