Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
(formerly known as Happiest Minds Technologies Pvt Ltd) 
Regd. Office: #53/1-4, Hosur Main Road, Madivala, Bangalore-
560068, Karnataka, India  
CIN of the Co. L72900KA2011PLC057931 
P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700 
Website: www.happiestminds.com 
Email: investors@happiestminds.com
July 30, 2021 
Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Stock Code: 543227 
Listing & Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: HAPPSTMNDS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on July 29, 2021 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 read with SEBI( Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second amendment) 
Regulations, 2021 , please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held on July 29, 2021 
post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. The 
audio recording of the Earnings call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website https://www.happiestminds.com/investors 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Praveen Kumar Darshankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F6706 

 
 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
“Happiest Minds Technologies Q1 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 29, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHOK SOOTA - EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
MR. JOSEPH ANANTHARAJU – VICE CHAIRMAN & PRESIDENT & 
CEO, PES 
MR. RAJIV SHAH – PRESIDENT & CEO, DBS 
MR. RAM MOHAN C – PRESIDENT & CEO, IMSS 
MR. VENKATRAMAN NARAYANAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. AUROBINDA NANDA – PRESIDENT OPERATIONS & DEPUTY 
CEO, PES 
MR. SUNIL GUJJAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS,  
MR. PRAVEEN DARSHANKAR – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
HEAD OF LEGAL 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RISHIT PARIKH - NOMURA FINANCIAL ADVISORY 
& SECURITIES 
 
 
 

 
 
P a g e 2 | 28 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to Happiest Minds 
Technologies Q1 FY22 earnings conference call hosted by Nomura 
Financial Advisory and Securities. As a reminder, all participants’ lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Rishit Parikh from Nomura Financial Advisory and Securities. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thank you, Lizanne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you 
for joining us today on Q1 FY2022 earnings call of Happiest Minds 
Technologies Limited. 
On behalf of Nomura, I would like to thank the management of 
Happiest Minds for giving us the opportunity to host this earnings call. 
Today we have with us Mr. Ashok Soota - Executive Chairman, Mr. 
Joseph Anantharaju – Vice Chairman & President & CEO, PES, Mr. Rajiv 
Shah – President & CEO, DBS, Mr. Ram Mohan – President & CEO, IMSS, 
Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan – Managing Director & Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Aurobinda Nanda – President Operations & Deputy CEO, 
PES, Mr. Sunil Gujjar – Head of Investor Relations and Mr. Praveen 
Darshankar – Company Secretary and Head of Legal. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Sunil for safe harbor statement 
and to take the proceedings forward. Thanks, and over to you Sunil. 
Sunil Gujjar: 
Thank you Rishit. A very good morning to all. Welcome to this 
conference call to discuss the financial results for the first quarter ended 
June 30th, 2021. We trust all of you are keeping well and staying safe. I 
am Sunil from Investor Relations Team. Ashok will begin the call by 

 
 
P a g e 3 | 28 
 
sharing his views on the business environment in the context of 
pandemic and our results. Venkat will then speak about our financial 
performance and operational highlights. After which we will have the 
floor open for Q&A. Before I handover, let me begin with the safe harbor 
statement. During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. 
These statements are considering the environment we see as of today 
and obviously carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the 
actual results could be different as outlined in the earnings release 
which is also available on our website. We do not undertake to update 
those statements periodically. 
Now let me pass it on to Ashok. Over to you Ashok. 
Ashok Soota: 
Thank you Sunil. Good morning friends. While our hearts do bleed for 
the suffering that COVID has brought, in our industry we are grateful 
that demand is back to normal in-spite of the pandemic. We, as a 
company did a fair contribution ourselves to help the fight against the 
pandemic. 
Amongst other things, we have been driving our own vaccination drives 
at our workspaces and as of today, well over 50% of all Happiest Minds 
have received at least one vaccination. We provided financial support 
to a leading medical institute in Bengaluru to establish a research facility 
to fight COVID. We procured ICU ventilators for COVID patients at a 
hospital in Bengaluru. We contributed towards the meals through 
Akshaya Patra foundation for packed grocery kits for the marginalized 
and low-income segment of society. 
Overall, we have collected over ₹ 2 crores from Happiest Minds, our own 
promoters’ charitable trusts, and supplemented by a Happiest Minds 
scheme. 

 
 
P a g e 4 | 28 
 
Coming now to the IT services industry: 
We continue to benefit from ramped up technology initiatives of 
enterprises pivoting themselves to the future. At Happiest Minds, we 
stay focused and continue to deliver with agility high quality outcomes 
for our customers in their digital journey. As can be seen from our 
quarterly performance, we have been able to set the stage for a very 
good growth this fiscal. We are able to attract and retain high quality 
talent, as we onboarded a net addition of 310 Happiest Minds in this 
quarter. 
‘The Great Places To Work’(GPTW®) has ranked us as number 21 in 
India’s ‘Best Companies To Work’ cutting across all industries and also 
63 in the Best Places To Work in Asia in its 2021 list. If we look at the 
India list, though Great Places To Work does not make an 
announcement, we are clearly the best also in IT services. One of our 
vision statements is Happiest Minds to be known as the company with 
the highest standards of corporate governance. This vision has guided 
us over the years, and it was heartening to see that we were recognized 
as a winner for the Golden Peacock Business Excellence Award of 2021. 
On 29th August 2021, which was exactly a month from now, we 
complete a decade of existence as a company. We are grateful to our 
customers, all of our Happiest Minds, our board members, our vendors, 
and our investors who have walked with us in this journey. We will move 
forward to the next phase of the journey with a ten-year vision 
statement. I hope to share with you the highlights of this new vision 
with you in our next quarter report.  
With this, I conclude my commentary. Thank you and over to you 
Venkat. 

 
 
P a g e 5 | 28 
 
Venkatraman N: 
Thank you Ashok. Good morning to all of you and I trust all of you are 
safe and well. Happy to report that we have begun the new financial 
year on a strong and a solid footing. 
Operating revenues in US Dollar terms for the quarter was at $ 33.2 
million showing a sequential growth of 9.6% on a year-over-year growth 
of 41.4%. Solid numbers. Would like to add here that our growth 
numbers are right on top in comparison to other comparable mid-cap 
companies who have declared that the results up until now. All our 
business units, CoE’s, geos, focus verticals have showed good growth 
driven by a very strong demand environment. 
In Rupee terms, our total income for the quarter was ₹ 254 crores versus 
₹ 224 crores in the previous quarter showing a sequential growth of 
13.5% and a year-over-year growth of 35.8%. 
Coming to margins: 
EBITDA for the quarter has been steady at about 26.1% in comparison 
to previous quarters. In absolute terms that was ₹ 66 crores compared 
to ₹ 59 crores in the previous quarter. Cost pressures on account of 
wage increases, attritions have been covered up by margin increase on 
account of revenue growth and continued high utilization. 
Now, when you look at our EBITDA, key numbers that go into that are: 
We had a gross margin impact of about 170 basis points quarter-over-
quarter due to increased people and other direct cost. While looking at 
the employee-related cost increase one should also take into account 
the year-end reversals we had in the last quarter, that is fourth quarter 
of FY21. Improvement in other income was about ₹ 6.2 crores, which 
includes fair value gain on investments of about ₹ 4.2 crores. And a 
credit of ₹ 2 crores on account of the settlement of an earlier reported 

 
 
P a g e 6 | 28 
 
employee discrimination suit in the US. So, we had reported about this 
suit with lots of details, adequate details in our DRHP and the 
prospectus during the IPO. 
Coming to profits before tax: 
The PBT before exceptional items stood at ₹ 57 crores for the quarter 
and was 22.6% of revenues. If you compare this to the earlier quarter, it 
was ₹ 49 crores and 22% and in the same quarter the previous year, it 
was 21.8%. 
Our financials this quarter had an exceptional expense line item, and 
this is on account of the fair valuation of warrant liability that we carry 
in our balance sheet. This warrant liability is on account of payable that 
we have towards the acquisition for PGS and it’s in the form of an 
earnout and carried as a warrant. This amount of $ 7.25 million, that is 
the warrant liability, original value, is basis achievement of certain 
revenue and profit targets by PGS Inc. business over the next three 
years. 
Now this liability, when we had originally acquired the company, was 
fair valued as per the Ind AS standards and recorded in our books at 
about $5.1 million. So, what is done is, we use the Monte Carlo 
Simulation Method and look at the probability of payment basis 
forecast and it got valued at $5.1 million and recorded as such in the 
31st March 2021 financials. The same accounting standards require us 
to revalue or evaluate this liability on an annual basis I would say, basis 
the performance and prospects of the acquired business. 
Now, the performance and the growth of the acquired business which 
is PGS Inc. have been good or rather it is inline and so to that extent, we 
have to change our expectations and the valuation of the probable 

 
 
P a g e 7 | 28 
 
payment. This quarter, we did that, and the increased fair value warrant 
liability was about $860,000. That's about ₹ 6.1 crores, which we have 
taken as a charge to our P&L. So, what happens is the original liability 
flows directly into the balance sheet was recorded at about $5.1 million 
and we are revaluing it on an annual basis, basis performance. That was 
done and the change in this carrying value is then charged to the P&L. 
So even if it is a debit or a credit, any changes in the original value has 
to flow through the P&L and that's what we have done. And this method 
had an impact of approximately 2% on PBT. I would like to add that 
there is a positive aspect to this because the performance is better, the 
probability of payment is higher, and which is why the valuation, or the 
revaluation has happened. 
Coming to our PBT after exceptional item: 
It was 20.2% and ₹ 51 crores which shows a QoQ increase of 4% and a 
YoY increase of 25.3%. Coming to our PAT, our improving profitability 
has meant higher effective income tax. We ended the quarter with a PAT 
of ₹ 36 crores which is at about 14.1% of the total income. If I adjust the 
exceptional item that I referred to earlier, our PAT remains at the same 
16% that we showed in Q4 of last year. Despite the exceptional item, we 
are at almost the same absolute levels of profits after tax as in Q4. That 
is our absolute numbers of profits for Q1 are almost in line with or 
similar to what we did in Q4. Now, when we are comparing on PAT for 
Q1 FY22, I would like to caution you that one should be mindful of the 
fact that instead of a tax expense, we had a deferred tax credit of about 
₹ 9 crores in the same quarter last year. So, which is why you see huge 
swings on the tax provision numbers Q1 of last year versus Q1 of this 
year. 
Now there were some highlights of the quarter: 

 
 
P a g e 8 | 28 
 
We ended the quarter with 180 active customers, and it's an addition of 
seven new customers. Our average revenue per customer has increased 
to $751,000 and this is a metric that we keenly follow and track. Increase 
in million-dollar customers was by five numbers which has been a high 
in the last two years, addition of seven new billion-dollar corporations 
to our clients list. Our financial return ratios of RoCE and RoE continued 
to be healthy and high at 30.7% and 24.7% respectively. As we have 
been disclosing earlier, we have very healthy free cash flows. We 
continued to have that at about 99% of EBITDA, and that's about ₹ 66 
crores for the quarter. We ended the quarter with cash and equivalent 
balances of about ₹ 607 crores. 
Coming to people: 
We closed the quarter with 3,538 Happiest Minds. Ashok mentioned 
that there was a net addition of 310, a significant number in the current 
supply situation that we have. Utilization continues to be a steady 82.1% 
compared to the 82.6% of the previous quarter. Attrition has shown an 
uptick and we have moved slightly up to 14.7% on a trailing 12-month 
basis compared to the 12.4% that we had disclosed in the earlier 
quarter. We are able to attract and retain talent pool and that was 
something that we have been happily able to do which has led to the 
310-net addition that I talked about. We continue to make progress on 
our diversity and inclusion ratios, which at the end of the quarter was at 
about 25.2%. 
And coming to the dividends: 
We had declared a dividend at the tenth AGM held on July 12th, 2021, 
and that has been paid out which has been a pay out of about ₹ 44 
crores in cash. 

 
 
P a g e 9 | 28 
 
In summary a great quarter with higher revenue growth, improving 
operational metrics and profitability. This quarter has nicely set us up 
for a good year and our efforts will be to maintain this trend. Improving 
vaccination numbers around us and also amongst us slowly blunting 
the possibility of a third wave and hopefully a return to work from office 
soon enough. 
I hope I have been able to give you a good overview of our financials 
and all of these numbers including detailed metrics, operational metrics, 
awards, and other aspects of our business over trends have been put on 
our website and I request all of you to go and have a look at that. 
I open the floor now for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-
and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Rishit Parikh. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Congratulations on a strong growth. I wanted to delve a little bit further 
in terms of growth. I think since the IPO we've talked about scaling some 
of our large accounts, accounts which have got billion-dollar plus 
revenues in general. But if you look at the growth, it's still seems to be 
driven by the non-top 10. And if we look at the tail, we are still 
expanding on the tail given the customer addition data that you 
provide. So, could you just help us understand the strategy to scale up 
these customers, the 53 accounts that have $1 billion in revenues, how 
do we scale these customers up to $5-10-15 million accounts? So, that's 
one, and then I'll come with follow-up questions. 
Joseph Anantharaju: As you see Rishit, the number of million-dollar customers has gone up 
this quarter by 5. Again, our revenue per customer has increased 
consistently over the last 3-4 quarters and it's currently at $751,000 for 
Q1. And we have also added 7-billion-dollar customers during the 

 
 
P a g e 10 | 28 
 
quarter. And as mentioned, the revenue from billion-dollar customers 
has increased from 37% to 39%. So, I thought I would lay out some of 
the numbers which shows the trend moving in the positive direction. 
And this has been driven by a very focused effort around getting our 
domains, our sales, and delivery to work closely together, to strategize 
on our customers, making the account development plans as the basis 
for coming up with account strategies, understanding our customers 
better and building relationships which are leading and obviously the 
focus is on these billion-dollar customers to make sure that we get a 
larger share of wallet with these customers. Rajiv, do you want to add 
anything? 
Rajiv Shah: 
I think that Joseph covered most of the data points. In addition, I think 
over the last 12 months or so we continue to invest in hiring dedicated 
set of account managers who look at the entire portfolio of Happiest 
Minds from all three service lines as well as CoEs to take single 
ownership to drive change in the customer environment. So, the 
investments on the account managers supported by the large account 
development plan, and looking at the customer on a global scale, I think 
will continue to drive growth in the current accounts. 
Ashok Soota: 
I'll just add one point here, and you brought some concern about the 
profile of the accounts. You see the important thing is we also don't 
want overdependence on the top five accounts in that sense. And if you 
see that percentage, for us it's come down from 14.5% to 13.1% in this 
quarter as compared to the whole of last year. And this is in spite of a 
very healthy growth even in the larger accounts. So, that's reflected by 
the fact that the overall growth rate is so high. Our top five has coming 
down from 33.3% to 30.2%. And we think that those are really healthy 
ratios which then get reflected by an increase in the percentage for top 
10 and top 20. 

 
 
P a g e 11 | 28 
 
Rishit Parikh: 
Fair enough. So, the way to think of it is that we would still continue to 
see customer addition at the tail end. Because I think in the past there 
have been instances where we had to get rid of some of the tail to sort 
of focus on more quality. The concern here is that we don't end up 
getting in a similar situation again, is the only point, but otherwise all 
well.  If we look at the last 4-5 quarters, I think growth has largely been 
driven by IMS. IMS has been substantially higher if you look at it from 
an organic standpoint. Obviously excluding PGS from the DBS 
contribution. And looks like obviously we have been pretty strong in 
security solutions. So, if you could just provide a little more color on 
what are we doing that's driving that growth and how should we think 
about that in the medium term from a mix perspective? Will it be always 
IMS driven, or will we continue to sell some of the other solutions which 
will have a more balanced mix? 
Venkatraman Narayanan: 
This is on the growth driven by IMSS. Because we have had some 
significant additions especially in the Middle Eastern markets which has 
gone up significantly if you look at in the last two or three quarters, and 
those additions have largely, I will say, largely come from IMSS, except 
for one account which is being handled by DBS which has come in the 
last quarter. So, that's been the increase that you are seeing on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. But if you look at each BU and the way they 
have grown, each of them have been growing nicely over the last 3-4 
quarters. So, it's been secular if you see the trend for the last four 
quarters, Rishit. 
Ram Mohan: 
Just to add to that point, Venkat, as you mentioned security has grown 
very well and if you see from the last year it has grown from 7% to 
almost 11%. And we are making a good stride on security. This is 
because of new services which are being launched. And also, a 
significant increase which is happening with respect to cyber security 

 
 
P a g e 12 | 28 
 
and identity management. So, that has fueled the growth as well in 
terms of security  
Ashok Soota: 
I would like to just give you a perspective here. You raised the point that 
is our growth going to be future IMSS driven. Actually, you really need 
to see this number in not just percentage growth quarter-by-quarter 
which is obviously highest for IMSS on the lowest base amongst the 
three businesses. But if you just see the absolute increase, then you find 
that PES has grown as fast as or in fact a little more than IMSS in the last 
quarter. So, in absolute terms, it's still the major driver for growth. DBS 
may have grown a little less, but the prior quarter it had the highest 
growth by far. So, the takeaway from these numbers is that actually we 
have got steady growth from all of the three business units contributing 
exceedingly well, to in a sense, our overall targets and it is not going to 
be driven by just one deal. Every one of them has a good pipeline. 
Everyone has a good potential and everyone at varying times continues 
to do a higher percentage growth than the other. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Understood. Just one last question before I open it up for the queue. 
One, any incremental contribution from PGS this quarter, that's one. 
And second is, we have seen a sharp increase in other expenses this 
quarter if you could just help us understand why that happened. That's 
all the questions I have. Thank you. 
Venkatraman N: 
Rishit, if you look at the PGS acquisition they were already a customer 
for us, and we were billing to them. So, if you adjust for the 
intercompany billing, the net additional revenue was about $ 2.9 million 
this quarter. 
Rishit Parikh: 
From a QoQ standpoint was there anything incremental because I think 
last quarter, we still had about $ 2 million. So, you are saying eventually 
$ 1 million of additional, correct? 

 
 
P a g e 13 | 28 
 
Rajiv Shah: 
And I think that Rishit, just to add to that from the PGS perspective, I 
think there were two critical drivers for us to do that acquisition. One is 
to go up to the market with an open-source solution to expand the 
footprint. The second one was leveraging Happiest Minds assets to 
drive growth in the PGS accounts as well. So, we have been able to 
accomplish both. So, on a standalone basis we have been able to drive 
PGS growth in opening new accounts as well as introducing PGS into 
our existing accounts of Happiest Minds, and at the same time 
leveraging the assets of Happiest Minds to really drive the overall 
growth of the account as well. So, I think that has really helped us. So, 
on an absolute way, yes, there is that growth from $ 2 million to $ 2.9 
million, but I think the overall growth for the customer has been 
significant. 
Rishit Parikh: 
So, just to clarify, this is the efforts that we have put in to cross-selling 
and not just onboarding of revenues. Is that correct? To that extent it 
should be considered organic, is that what you are sort of hinting at? 
Rajiv Shah: 
That is correct. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Understood. Just the last question on other expenses and then we will 
open it up for others. Why was there a sharp increase in other expenses 
this quarter? I think it went up from 18.5% to 19.8% as a percentage of 
revenues. 
Venkatraman N: 
Are you talking about exceptional expense or other expenses  
Rishit Parikh: 
Other expenses 
Venkatraman N: 
Other expenses, I will have to give you a detailed break-up but it’s 
largely on account of, in Q4 because there were some reversals that 
happened because you make provisions during the year and that got 
reversed. That's about ₹ 3 or ₹ 4 crores impact is there, and the rest is 

 
 
P a g e 14 | 28 
 
all catch up expenses sometimes of something like a software, Microsoft 
True-Up or something that happens. Subcontractor costs which have 
gone up, subcontractor costs which is about ₹ 26 crores has gone up to 
about ₹ 35 crores. So, that also gets classified or categorized under 
other expenses in the SEBI format. 
Rishit Parikh: 
But it should be in the employee benefit expenses, we typically put in 
subcontractors there, right? This is just the other expenses from ₹ 42 
crores to ₹ 48 crores. 
Venkatraman N: 
Subcontractor has gone into other expenses and employee benefits are 
only our employees in the classification. 
Rishit Parikh: 
We can assume that this can be at a stable level from hereon, right? 
Venkatraman N: 
Which is why I drew your attention to the EBITDA numbers before the 
exceptional item which is continuing to be at that number of 26%. So, if 
you look at it, it was 25.6% Q1 of last year, 26.3% and 26.1% this quarter. 
So, while we have been cautioning you saying that there could be 
reversals given that the cost benefits that have come out of work from 
office if they reverse, we will see some reduction, but we have been 
holding at the 26%+ this quarter as well. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Fair enough. Thank you. Lizanne, can we open it up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vimal Gohil 
from Union AMC. 
Vimal Gohil: 
My question was on subcontracting cost. So, basically, you said that this 
quarter there were ₹ 26 crores worth of subcontractor cost, right? 
Venkatraman N: 
That’s right. 

 
 
P a g e 15 | 28 
 
Vimal Gohil: 
And last quarter, if I remember they were around ₹ 19 crores if I am not 
wrong. 
Venkatraman N: 
₹15.15 Crores for Q1 FY21, ₹26 Crores for Q4 FY 21 and ₹35 Crores for 
this quarter, June 30th. 
Vimal Gohil: 
₹ 35 crores is the subcontractor cost? 
Venkatraman N: 
For the current quarter. 
Vimal Gohil: 
So, subcontracting cost has almost jumped, if I look at ₹35 crores as a 
percentage of sales that has jumped by almost from 9% odd of sales in 
the last quarter that is Q4, it has jumped to 14%. So, just going by the 
strategy, would we continue to look at subcontracting as a delivery 
medium or we are looking to reduce subcontractor cost going forward 
and replace it with maybe onsite where that the delivery cost could be 
cheaper. 
Venkatraman N: 
Vimal, this is mostly onsite, given the current travel restrictions that we 
have and sometimes the visa issues, when there is a requirement in 
Middle East or the US, we have resorted to taking people locally from 
specialized service providers to deliver on our business. So, I would be 
concerned if that really hits your onsite offshore mix in terms of revenue 
contributions, which it has not. So, we are able to develop, build on the 
offshore part in line with the onsite part that we have been delivering 
on. So that's one thing. The second thing is I would request Nanda to 
add here because it’s got an interplay with the requirement and the 
skillsets mismatch and all of those. 
Aurobinda Nanda: 
Actually, a couple of things have happened, like Venkat mentioned, the 
onsite demand has increased, so we have increased substantially the 
number of people we have had locally. And at the same time, the 
business is increasing on a rapid basis for which we will also have to 

 
 
P a g e 16 | 28 
 
acquire talent quite a bit and to acquire talent, we have ramped up our 
talent acquisition team and that is through a lot of this partner basis, 
which are kind of temporary. As the situation eases out, we'll be 
reducing quite a bit from those teams. Onsite we will continue to 
happen, but again as the travel situation and visa situation eases out, 
over couple of quarters we should be able to even think control over 
there. 
Venkatraman N: 
And also, Vimal, when we acquired PGS business, it had a substantial 
element of subcontractors, which we are now slowly, we are on 
boarding them and we are converting that to our own rolls. That's also 
progress of integration, which is in play right now.  
Aurobindo Nanda: 
That will also happen for quite of this partners who are getting billed in 
customer accounts or projects that point of time. Over a couple of 
quarters, maybe two quarters or so we try to convert them into full-time 
employees. 
Joseph Anantharaju: We need to also keep in mind is that whenever we use subcontractors, 
especially onsite and even offshore the key number to look is the 
margin that you make on that specific person. That there's enough focus 
out here to ensure that, it doesn't go out of line with the margins that 
we're getting from our own people.  
Vimal Gohil: 
Fair enough. Thank you so much for the detailed explanation. I'm still 
not clear about the subcontracting costs in the preceding quarter, but 
I'll take that offline. Just on the growth outlook of FY22, almost 10% 
growth in this quarter, even if I were to annualize only this number, for 
the full year, even then we would reach very close to almost 20% growth 
for FY22 which is your stated organic guidance. Would you want to 
consider changing that 20% number because see, some of your peers 
have also started growing at that pace and you have categorically said 

 
 
P a g e 17 | 28 
 
that we will grow at 2x the market rate. Is it that we are being slightly 
conservative, if yes, what is the source of that conservatism?  
Venkatraman N: 
I'll request Mr. Soota also to add here, I'll just start saying just wanted 
to correct the statement that you made. What we said is we would like 
to do a long term 20% organic growth. So, it was just not for the year 
FY22. While we may be ahead or whatever for FY22 given the current 
numbers and if you do your extrapolations, what we were seeking to 
communicate was for the medium term to sign some kind of a longer-
term number on an organic basis Vimal. Some of the other companies 
are there saying hey that there seems to be a huge demand explosion 
out there and if you are able to meet the supply requirements of that 
we'll be able to grow 20% the next year. It is more of a shorter term, or 
an immediate term, I wouldn't say guidance, but kind of a directional 
statement that they have been giving. Our direction statement is a 
larger-medium term to long term. 
Ashok Soota: 
Venkat’s answer is really saying, we actually haven't given any guidance 
except long-term. One thing is fairly evident that we are running on the 
basis of the fact that the business is growing, certainly in context of 
demand being exceedingly good, there is the net addition. I think that 
is actually your best expectation of looking at where we think we are 
heading. We are not giving any formal guidance, but those numbers are 
the highest we've ever had. Even if we sustain just the current net 
addition level right through the year, we've increased our numbers and 
therefore the total billable numbers vary significantly. The other aspect 
that I want to highlight is I think different entities use different 
definitions of organic growth. To my mind, the right way of looking at 
it is we did the acquisition of PGS in Q4 of last year. Right through this 
year for the first nine months, we should treat the previous number as 
inorganic. Somebody may actually choose to say, okay, after one 

 
 
P a g e 18 | 28 
 
quarter is become organic. And then only in the last quarter, we will add 
that element down also as organic growth. Sometimes those 
percentages can get confusing based on that definition. I think the best 
guideline you have towards where we are heading is not things like 
pipelines and stuff like that because of pipeline is, it's a very mixed thing. 
You don't know what is the probability of somebody getting an order 
and how long that pipeline will stretch. Whereas the net people addition 
is here and now number, which you can look at and start projecting our 
growth.  
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you so much for, improving my understanding on that. Just one 
more question, you said that there were some reversals in the last 
quarter in the other operating expenses, which were not here this 
quarter. If you could just help me understand what, again in slightly 
more detail as to what are these reversals and are there any other costs 
that you would want to highlight any other costs that have come up in 
this quarter? 
Venkatraman N:   
No, not really Vimal. It is essentially we paid variable pay basis certain 
targeted profits that one achieves, so you have to make those 
provisional numbers and we keep on accruing for it on that basis every 
quarter closes, at the end of the year, you get a fit on that number and 
then you have to true it up or correct it. So that's what happens, so that 
will be one or two, three crores number impact. Second large item that 
comes to my mind is Microsoft licenses. You start calling off licenses or 
true it up as we do. Because of such high number of additions that we 
have, we have to make certain estimates and then once a quarter closes 
you get to know what the exact impact is. There'll be some reversals on 
account of that, so that you typically tend to see this a little bit of these 
reversals in the last quarter of the year. Last year, we have always been 
saying that, on the variable pay, we did not have that probation or 

 
 
P a g e 19 | 28 
 
payment for the first two quarters of last year. If we look at it that was 
something, given the whole pandemic situation, the entire industry was 
kind of, trying to see how to optimize on the cost situation. To that 
extent the variable pay, was not accrued nor was it payable, but then as 
things stabilized, we realized that Q3 onwards, that the demand is 
picking up despite the pandemic and work from home situation is 
working seemingly working well. To that extent we have to come back 
and so, what's happened Vimal is those are those little cost elements, 
which one does make certain estimates and trues it up by the end of 
the fourth quarter. We are also now trying to see how to make sure 
that's also straight lined as far as possible. 
Vimal Gohil: 
 Just one clarification, the variable expenses that we have, those are the 
part of the other operating costs? 
Venkatraman N: 
No, variable pay for the employee goes into employee benefit expenses. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Last question. How many accounts managers, specialist account 
managers have you hired over the past one year? That would be my last 
question. 
Joseph Anantharaju: The approach we've been taking Vimal is, while we do bring a specialist 
or account managers on board, we also have some of them look at, 
leveraging their connect and their existing customer connects to get 
some new logos as well. But overall, in the last one year we would have 
brought on board at least seven to eight people with account 
management, strong account management capability.  
Vimal: 
So, 7 to 8 people. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Yeah. So, we will continue to look out for people and bring them on 
board and we want to operate in a flexible manner. If you do bring an 
account manager on board and we see that they're generating strong 

 
 
P a g e 20 | 28 
 
prospect pipeline, we will let them run over there, because end of the 
day we want to look at how the person, how we allow the person to 
grow as well as the benefit they get to the company.  
Ashok Soota: 
And, I could add because you're really trying to see how we are 
expanding our capabilities in terms of bringing in new business. I would 
also add that the way we've been adding domain heads is really very 
important, because that's the thing which then increases the capability 
of the field to go and close business. We've done a lot in that area. 
We've added retail in the last year. In the process of adding, certainly 
one I would imagine in this quarter itself, as a healthcare domain, the 
second one is also lined up that's fine, because I think we made the 
offer, you got made the second offer also. 
Joseph Anantharaju: Yes Sir sure. 
Ashok Soota: 
Okay. Very good. So, we'll add two more domain heads. That's really-
really crucial part of both our strategy as well as our growth drivers for 
the future. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Mr. Arun Kapoor from Morgan 
Stanley. 
Arun Kapoor: 
Just wanted to understand a couple of things. One in terms of your, 
client ads, #31 million customers, that's five more than what you had 
last quarter. What is the trajectory that you guys are looking at from this 
perspective? How are we thinking about growing this from a next 2 to 
3 years perspective? That's my first question. Second in terms of 
verticals that are there I see a big dependence on or big increasing 
concentration on Edutech. That's been a bit of a contentious sector at 
least from an Asia aspect. But in terms of Edutech, Hitech and Retail the 
three big sectors that you have, how are you thinking about your 

 
 
P a g e 21 | 28 
 
concentrations on these and where do you see good growth from an 
India aspect? Or are we also starting to look out more towards the 
global players to power our growth ahead? So, these two points please. 
Ashok Soota: 
I'll just take the first question and pass this on to both Joseph and Rajiv 
for the part on the specific verticals. You asked us how we are projecting 
the growth of our million-dollar customers. And all I would say that we 
don't project it, just be clear, otherwise we'll be giving you a forward-
looking number. We have targets, we have got goals. We're saying that 
our average sales per customer must keep growing up. You've seen a 
very healthy trend on that. We are pleased with the increase that we've 
got in the number of million-dollar customers, but I don't think that that 
in itself is always going to give you the picture of growth. If for example, 
a number of $500 to $1 million customers are also increased 
significantly plus the million-dollar customers moved increasingly into 
$3 to $5 million range. I think that's as important for us to saying, hey, 
how much is that $1 million number gone up? So overall, all of those 
parameters have shown a very healthy trend and we hope to be able to 
sustain that. So, on the verticals let me get both Joseph and Rajiv to get 
back to you.  
Joseph Anantharaju: Just to add one more point to what Ashok made, the executive board 
and even the senior leadership, they all have objectives and goals for 
moving accounts from one rank, 1 million to one to three, three to five, 
five plus. So, it's a very focused effort and it's a planned effort going on 
and talking about Edutech, you mentioned, that are we going to go 
global? So, as you would see, majority of our revenues come from in 
fact, all our customers in the Edutech space are in US, so they're all 
global players. And what we're seeing is that this is the vertical where 
there is investment going on, whether it's K-12, higher education, 
professional courses or even corporate learning. There's a lot of 

 
 
P a g e 22 | 28 
 
investment going on for several reasons. One, I think the pandemic has 
really made many of these institutions realize that they've not adopted 
some of the digital technologies. Second is a major push away from 
paper. There's a lot of data and AI technology is getting consumed, and 
the user profile is changing. And the demands from users are changing. 
It's more on mobile, on your, devices and therefore they have to make 
the investment and we are seeing quite a lot of investment happening 
over there. Even in India you'll see, there's a lot of investment happening 
in the Edutech space. HiTech continues to be a vertical that continues 
to attract a lot of investment because it provides the basis or the 
bedrock for all the other industries to do their digital transformation 
and our focus on product engineering services will help us over there. 
Another point I wanted to make before I hand over for retail to Rajiv, 
that if you look at all our verticals, even though the percentages may 
change, we've had all our verticals show some growth to good growth. 
It's across the board that we are seeing traction with customers, so Rajiv 
over to you to talk a little bit about retail. 
Rajiv Shah: 
So, retail once again same thing as Joseph said, all of our revenue comes 
from all across the globe, have hardly any revenue coming from India 
from the retail space. Quite diverse, US, Europe, Middle East we continue 
to grow, based on our PGS acquisition. But at the same time, I think that 
COVID has really helped in a way to retail customers relook at the 
business model itself. Closing up physical stores, personalization, digital 
investments, investments in smarter technologies, etc. I think it has 
really helped customer relook at the entire business model and cover 
continued focus on digital side, supported by the strong CoEs that we 
have. I think that we continue to see larger growth and that gets 
reflected in the numbers itself as far as, overall percentage of revenues 
coming and increasing significantly from previous quarters as well.  

 
 
P a g e 23 | 28 
 
Ashok Soota: 
Of course, we should add, this year in this quarter in particular, there's 
a sharp increase in retail as a percentage, is largely due to the PGS 
addition also, where a number of their customers were in thatspace and 
therefore it looks like maybe Edutech and Hitech have all gone down a 
bit. In reality it’s just one adjustment taking place in percentages. As 
Joseph pointed out, every single vertical is actually shown a growth.  
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Mr. Vimal Gohil from Union AMC. 
Vimal Gohil: 
My question was now on, over a period of time as and when, we are 
sort of keep entrenching into our clients and what are our thoughts on 
going deep into consulting, we've been very strong as we know on the 
IT services front, digital services front, but are we looking to sort of push 
the pedal on consulting and moving up the value chain with especially 
with our existing clients. If we are going to do that, because how are we 
going to compete with the likes of your own stated competitors like 
EPAM, Globant which are leaders in this space and are growing 
exceedingly well. Would you be able to do that at respectable 
profitability level, some thoughts in that? 
Ashok Soota: 
Can I request you to put this question up to us in the next quarter also, 
I'll tell you why. See we have a very significant part of our sales comes 
from what we call is consulting led. Just like we have IP led is 10%, which 
is much higher than any other company. In consulting led also we see a 
large percentage. However, the difficulty in talking about this is that 
everybody's definition of consulting led will be different. So, I think it's 
important. We are doing a very detailed exercise to classify the nature 
of our consulting led business into different categories. And we will, 
based on that once we got that definition clear amongst ourselves and 
we're debating it even with the board, we will start including it even into 
our fact sheet, which we don't do as of now. At that time, we will set 
ourselves goals for that area also. Basically, the number is much higher 

 
 
P a g e 24 | 28 
 
than you might think. So, it's not going to be new competition that we 
will be encountering as a result. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Two questions. First of all, can you give us some detail about deal intake 
which we are seeing? How the deal size are changing for us, whether he 
has material up ticking or size of the deal and tenure of the deal 
perspective? So, if you can provide some perspective about how the 
demand environment is shaping? Second is about BFSI, if I look over the 
last couple of quarters, BFSI remained soft for us. So, if you can provide 
outlook on that particular?  
Ashok Soota: 
I think I can get all the three BU heads to respond to that question and 
Rajiv, of course, will touch specifically on BFSI because it's part of the 
DBS BU and Joseph you want to start? 
Joseph Anantharaju: So, as I mentioned earlier, the demand is strong across, as Ashok also 
indicated, I think we are fortunate to be in an industry where the 
demand has been increasing in spite of the pandemic and we are just 
cutting across all the verticals that we have. It's also reflected in the fact 
that even though percentages may vary, all the verticals in absolute 
terms have shown little to a large growth. And again, if you look at 
cutting across all geos, we are seeing increased growth. I have already 
talked about from a vertical perspective, Edutech and Hitech. Media and 
Entertainment is another area that we are focused on. Here we are 
seeing a lot of investments going into streaming services, into using 
more of analytics. If you look at in fact, industrial and manufacturing, a 
lot of the focus has been on increasing connectivity, implementation of 
IoT architectures and again using data, one common thing you'll see 
across all the industries that we're operating in, is the need to use 
analytics on top of data. There's also a lot of automation that's 

 
 
P a g e 25 | 28 
 
happening and we have that’s the reason two years back we created our 
digital process automation, CoE in addition to the analytics AI, and the 
IoT COE, which are our engines of growth. With that, I'll hand it over to 
Rajiv.  
Rajiv Shah: 
Thanks. I think that from the demand growth perspective, I think that 
we are, continuing to see higher and higher traction, as well as size of 
the SOW that we signed as well as the engagement that we have. I think 
that, continues to grow. At the same time as I highlighted earlier that I 
think that a lot of customers had a chance to rethink about their own 
business model, which has created a significant set of opportunities for 
us to look at the digital transformation. Overall, from, the size of the 
deal, as well as the pipeline and our ability to do look at the entire 
ecosystem from product development to expansion from digital 
business services to infrastructure management security, where the 
customer is looking at transforming the entire digital ecosystems. I think 
we are well placed for acquiring larger and larger piece of the customer 
spend. Specific to BFSI, I think your observation is very valid and in 
spend, somewhat steady at a number. Over the last 18 months or so 
when we started getting into BFSI, our approach to the market was to 
partner with digital ready platforms and how can we take those digital 
ready platforms, applications to the customer environment. That has 
proven successful as far as utilizing the existing assets that we can 
partner with to take into the customer environment, be it in the 
mortgage area, be it in the lending area, in the retail banking area. It 
was really the approach that we had taken. Now we have really proven 
ourselves and investing in, hiring the domain head along with additional 
set of capabilities, addition set of business analyst consultative skills. I 
think you will see that number continue to grow for us as well. Your 
observation is valid that it's been remaining steady. I think that's the 

 
 
P a g e 26 | 28 
 
approach that we took as far as just taking a third-party application, 
which are digital ready, to implement in the customer environment.  
Ashok Soota: 
Okay. Ram, since you don't have verticals per se, you may want to focus 
on this aspect of the question, which was on the deal sizes drying.  
Ram Mohan: 
Yeah. Just to add to that Ashok, on the infra side and security size, we 
are seeing an increase in the deal size. Now, what is happening is some 
of the projects which we took from the migration perspective in the infra 
space, specifically cloud migration, is moving into annuity-based 
management deals. Similarly in the security area where we took some 
projects by IDAM implementation or a GRC is now moving into more 
managed security services. Consistently we are seeing an increase in the 
deal size as we are moving forward. Also, one other significant thing 
which has happened is the size of the percentage of fixed price projects 
have also increased from last quarter to this quarter if you see from 22% 
to 26%, which is also a very good indicator that we are moving more 
and more into annuity based fixed projects. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jenil Jain from Omkara Capital. 
Jenil Jain: 
My question was along the Edutech vertical which as we see is the 
largest component of our revenues. So, as the pandemic opens up and 
as we see vaccinations progressing, how do you see the Edutech vertical 
moving, going forward? Are these numbers currently that we have 
sustainable or if things open up, should we expect a decline in revenues 
coming from the Edutech vertical?  
Joseph Anantharaju: So Jenil, the way we would look at it as that at is I suppose the reason 
of asking this question is if schools open up and students start going 
back to school, would that reduce the need for digital and investment 
but I think most of the institutions have realized that you will continue 

 
 
P a g e 27 | 28 
 
needing a mix of digital and in person even if you're having students in 
classrooms, there's a fair bit of activity that happens, whether in terms 
of assignments or assessments that our digital, many of them have even 
in classrooms, they moved to digital form of learning. Therefore that 
investment that's been made already is something that universities and 
schools will want to leverage and our discussions with the Edutech 
companies that our customers and prospects is that they have multi-
year road plans, based on discussions with the end users, the colleges 
and the schools on how they want to use technology to improve both 
student experience, remediation for students, helping students on a 
better path and also get a better understanding of their school or 
university and run that better. We expect the investments to continue 
into the medium-term future, at the least. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nikita Mehta an individual investor. 
Nikita Mehta: 
Very good morning to all, my congratulation for stellar performance. I 
am totally a novice to this area. Anyway, I am quite convinced what you 
guys are doing is excellent in terms of business. One thing, which comes 
to mind is the share pricing. So, based on whatever I have been 
following in this company, I have invested in this company, and this is 
the second concall I am attending. My question is, in terms of the 
exceptional high pricing and fluctuations, do you feel it's a normal thing 
or there can be some problems in that area? 
Venkatraman N: 
Hi, Nikita this is Venkat. Our position on this would be that we do not 
comment on the price movements on our share price, because like we 
are focused on the business, putting out results, which we believe are 
helpful in creating a long-term value for the shareholders and also 
building a growth company here. Really, no comment on the share price 
Nikita. 

 
 
P a g e 28 | 28 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan for his closing 
comments. 
Venkatraman N: 
Thank you all for attending our conference call for the first quarter. It 
was really insightful the questions that you have asked. Request all of 
you to please go to our website and check out the investor presentation 
that we have and do right to investor relations at Happiest Minds for 
any further questions and we will be happy to answer them. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nomura Financial 
Advisory and Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Please note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a 
verbatim record of the proceedings 
 
