Cyient Ltd. 
 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
 CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
  Units Layout, Madhapur       
 www.cyient.com 
  Hyderabad -500 081       
 Company.secretary@cyient.com 
  India       
  T +91 40 6764 1000  
  F +91 40 2311 0352 
01 August 2021 
The BSE Limited        
 The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
 Exchange Plaza,       
Dalal Street    
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)        
Mumbai 400001. 
 Mumbai-400 051.  
Scrip Code: 532175 
  Scrip Code: CYIENT 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts of the earnings conference call 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q1 FY22 earnings conference call conducted after the Meeting of 
board of directors held on 15 July 2021. 
  Thanking you, 
 For Cyient Limited 
 Ravi Kumar Nukala 
 Dy. Company Secretary 

 
 
Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
“Cyient Limited Q1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. AJAY AGGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. KARTHIK NATARAJAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 27 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Cyient Limited Q1 
FY22 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Krishna Bodanapu, MD & CEO, Cyient Limited. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Thank you very much and good evening everybody. Welcome to Cyient 
Limited’s earnings call for Q1 FY22. I am Krishna Bodanapu – 
Managing Director and CEO of Cyient. Present with me on this call are 
Mr. Ajay Aggarwal – Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
and Mr. Karthik Natarajan – Executive Director and Chief Operating 
Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements 
made in today's discussion maybe forward looking in nature, and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is 
available in our investor update, which has been emailed to you and is 
also posted on our website. This call will be accompanied with an 
earnings call presentation, details of the same have already been shared 
with you. With this, let me take you through the highlights for the first 
quarter. 
 
In USD terms, we posted revenue of $143.5 million, which is a growth 
of 9.9% YoY and de-growth of 4.2% on QoQ basis and 4.3% in constant 
currency. In rupee terms we posted quarterly revenue of Rs. 1,058.2 
crores. This signifies a growth of 6.7% YoY and de-growth of 3.2% on 
QoQ basis. Services revenue stood at $119.3 million, which signifies a 
growth of 6.3% YoY and essentially flat on a QoQ basis. Group EBIT 
margin stood at 13.1% for the quarter, which was up by 797 basis points 
compared to the last year and 48 basis points QoQ. I would like to 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 27 
highlight that this is the highest EBIT margin we have seen in the last 
six years. Free cash flow generated stood at Rs. 848 million or Rs. 84.8 
crores, a conversion of 43.6% on EBITDA or 73.7% on PAT. PAT stood 
at Rs. 1,150 million or Rs. 115 crore for the quarter. This was a growth 
of 41.3% YoY and 4% QoQ.  
                                    Coming to the other highlights for the quarter and I will just hit upon 
them very quickly. On John Deere, we were given a partner level status 
in achieving supplier excellence for 2020. This is the company's highest 
supplier rating and John Deere is an important customer that we believe 
holds tremendous growth potential for us this year and beyond and 
therefore is a very important recognition for us. 
 
We signed and announced a large deal with HMLR, which is Her 
Majesty's Land Records, which is the nodal agency for managing land 
information in the United Kingdom. We have been given a long-term 
contract to manage this data. We have partnered with Esri and Xerox on 
this project for software and system integration work. We are also proud 
that on the NASSCOM R&D showcase for 2021, we won four awards 
across a spectrum of opportunities. We won for social impact, 
Engineered in India product of the year and Service Delivery Excellence 
of the Year. So, it is a great reflection of the quality of delivery that we 
have built and the competence of the organization that we have created, 
which I am also happy to say is translating into good opportunities and 
into a good customer engagement. 
 
To continue and to highlight some of the digital type of investments that 
we have made, which are quite significant this quarter. We launched the 
Cyientifiq platform. This is a platform that focuses on IP driven 
solutions between our ecosystem and the company. It is also a way 
forward to raise the innovation quotient index and attract top talent 
especially for new technologies including digital kind of technologies. 
We also launched CyiOPS, which is the Cyient Outage Planning and 
Scheduling Solution. Again, a great example of the type of work that we 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 27 
are doing in the digital sphere in helping our clients manage their assets, 
in this case, utility companies manage their assets better, especially 
through outage planning and scheduling. And this is also a platform that 
is gaining significant amount of traction with our utility clients, which 
is a key growth area for this year and the in the year ahead. We launched 
the first sustainability report including the sustainability goals for 2025. 
Obviously, sustainability is a very important aspect that Cyient is quite 
committed to. Our clients are equally committed to it and therefore we 
are very proud that we are one of the first companies that have done the 
sustainability report, i.e., where we stand but also have laid out some 
audacious goals in terms of where we want to be with sustainability, 
including being carbon neutral by 2025. 
 
Lastly, we also have a new gender-neutral parent leave policy. Again, a 
very important element of engaging better with our associates. The 
implication of this we believe has long term benefits and also will 
position Cyient very attractively to the younger workforce much of 
whom will go into some of the newer technologies into the areas of 
solutions, digital and so on and so forth. And it becomes quite appealing 
for people to come and join Cyient, and honestly we are one of the first 
companies in the world to do something like this. We believe there is a 
fairly significant commitment both financially and also operationally, 
but we have evaluated the risk reward and we are very proud that we 
have launched this last week. With this, I will now hand over the call to 
Ajay who will take you to the detailed financial performance for the 
quarter. Ajay, over to you. 
Ajay Agarwal: 
Thank you, Krishna. Good evening and greetings to all of you. In terms 
of the revenue as Krishna said our revenue has been $143.5 million. 
What I would like to highlight here is that while overall the aerospace 
continues to have some challenges, if you look at our growth it is close 
to 15% for the non-aero division and DLM has grown by 31.7%. 
Whatever is the revenue for the quarter is in line with our internal 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 27 
estimates where we were expecting that this quarter is going to be a bit 
seasonal. And the group growth has stood at about 9.9%. 
 
If you look at quarter-on-quarter numbers, services are flat. We were 
looking at internally a little bit better, but after Covid we did get a little 
bit of impact on our services growth because of the availability of 
people, but we tied over that and in June we have clocked better than 
normal revenue and you will see that going forward. If you look at our 
year-on-year numbers and some of the trajectory from that you will see 
that most of them are growing in double digits. So, I think that is what 
we are looking at as a trajectory for the particular portfolio of businesses 
that we have. 
 
In terms of the income statement, I would like to call upon in terms of 
the margin that we have done and let me spend a few minutes on that. 
This margin as Krishna said for quite some time is one of the highest, 
and we are getting very close to our aspiration of about 15% margin in 
services in the short and medium term. So, we are very close to that and 
overall, for the group we are at 13.1% and in DLM we have generated 
about 6% where you will see there is a scope for improvement in the 
coming quarters. Just to give a little color around it. We have given the 
wage hikes during this particular period. We have phased it out as we 
had said in the earlier earnings call between quarter one and quarter two, 
but almost two thirds of the wage hike has already been taken care of in 
quarter one, and the total impact has got mitigated by a good 
improvement in the operational efficiencies and also in terms of our 
SG&A as well as absorption there have been benefits. 
 
On the profit after tax, I would say that we have really got nice margin 
of about 10.9%, net profit margin because again I think it is moving very 
nicely and we feel that we can sustain these kinds of levels and year-on-
year if you see we also had in quarter one of previous year about Rs. 51 
crores of export related incentives. So, if I take that out because that is a 
one off in the current way things are looking on some of the incentives 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 27 
for the services, our growth on PAT is almost like 70% year-on-year. 
And if you look at our operating profit growth also, I think that is also 
almost 170% year-on-year. On the profit side, I think we are really doing 
well, good improvement in margin, good increase both from the EBIT 
perspective as well as from the profit after tax perspective. I will 
comment about other income and hedging later, but in terms of the tax 
also you will see there is a marginal increase, but we are in line with 
whatever outlook we had given for the full year and we had anticipated 
that some of the SEZs which are coming into the different tax brackets, 
they will bring quarter-on-quarter the tax down but overall, for the year 
we will be within those tax norms. 
 
Just to give you a sense of this bridge 13.6% is for the services, which 
has gone to 14.6%, 176 bps is the merit increase impact and operational 
improvements as well as the SG&A spend has been the drivers of this 
particular margin improvement. And we are confident as we further 
grow during the year and as we move, we will continue to sustain these 
operational parameters and this level of the cost structure. However, 
going forward, we will also continue to make certain investments. As 
we continue to get some benefits from the currency as well as from the 
growth, the margin improves. 
 
In terms of the cash generation, we have a conversion rate of about 50% 
for the services. And we are on track to deliver the overall 65% to 70% 
cash generation. And this Rs. 863 crores while it is lower quarter-on-
quarter and quarter one of last year, there is a few cases of collections 
which have right shifted and you will see both for H1 and for the full 
year we will be ensuring that whatever is the cash conversion we have 
committed we will achieve. This quarter, we did have a little bit of flat 
or marginally negative free cash flow in DLM. So, you will see the 
collections coming back and that will also be a fairly positive number in 
line with the expectations. And we are looking at, at least 50% cash 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 27 
conversion in DLM. With this I would like to hand over to Karthik and 
if any questions on this I will look forward to the Q&A session. 
Karthik Natarajan: Sure, thanks Ajay. Good evening, everyone. I hope all of you are safe 
and healthy and I will just want to give a little more color on the BU 
performance. And if you look at the left-hand side top chart, the right 
most column which is YoY performance, aerospace continues to have 
challenges. We talked about how we had hit the bottom a couple of 
quarters ago, but the growth is not coming in a hurry. As we guided 
earlier, we are seeing a U shaped recovery and not a V shaped recovery. 
And the good news is we have seen a growth of 2% in Q1 as compared 
to Q4 of FY21 but the year-on-year still continues to be a challenge with 
about negative growth of 11.5%. And as far as the communication and 
utilities are concerned, Communications has set a new benchmark in 
terms of the revenue for Q1. 
 
This is the highest ever that we have done from Communication side. 
This continues to grow for the last three quarters. And we will see this 
continuing for the rest of the year as well. The utilities business which 
had some challenges in the previous two quarters has come back to 
growth. And we expect this to continue for the rest of the year as well. 
The portfolio business where two out of, six sectors had some one-off 
issues and we hope this is behind us by the time we start getting into Q2. 
The good news is that in transportation which is essentially impacted by 
aerospace, the rail has grown by 17% YoY. Overall, it is shown de-
growth of 3.6%. Communication and utilities have grown at 16.8% YoY 
and the portfolio at 9.6%YoY. The cumulative number stands at 6.3% 
for services part and at the group level we are slightly short of 10% 
growth YoY. And the key thing I also want to highlight is that we won 
about four large deals in Q1 FY22 out of which three are from services 
and one from DLM. I will provide more color on it as we go through the 
next set of slides. The order intake which is the orders that we received 
in the last quarter is up by 20% as compared to Q1FY21 and this gives 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 27 
us confidence that the demand is robust and we hope to achieve on our 
commitments that we made in the last quarter.  
                                    We will do little more deep dive on each of the segments and to start off 
with communication and utilities and this is delivered the 2% sequential 
growth. What is driving the growth is essentially the broadband, 
wireless, 5G private LTE demand is still robust across and also led by 
technology transformation, whether it is intelligent network design or 
the network transformation. I think these are the ones which are driving 
growth for us in communications. We continue to see this growing at 
double digit for this financial year too and the green networks which is 
an interesting concept few of our customers are trying to venture out is 
essentially we are creating the network which are sustainable and 
environment friendly and that is going to be something that we see as a 
common theme across many of the operators that we work with. 5G 
which contributes about 10% of our revenue portfolio continues to see a 
robust growth across of North America as well as the Asia Pacific 
regions. 
 
Utilities saw growth of 4.4% and we expect this growth momentum to 
continue for the rest of the year. And we do see that this will grow double 
digit as compared to last year and some of the projects that we executed 
as part of our major transformational program and essentially deploying 
the cloud native next generation spatial information system and the 
system integration project. That gives us confidence that technology led 
growth in utilities would drive sustained growth for a few more quarters. 
 
Coming to transportation and this has seen 0.5% growth as compared to 
the last quarter, but the challenge that we talked about is still continuing. 
And the key thing I want to highlight is the rail part of the transportation. 
We will see a growth in this year and due to the increase spend in the 
infrastructure projects. As far as the commercial aerospace is concerned, 
the domestic travel has come back to about 65% to 70% of 2019. The 
international traffic is only at 40% of 2019. So that continues to be a 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 27 
challenge. And the interesting one is about the spend coming back on 
the aftermarket and MRO, which is driving the growth in aerospace. We 
want to see how fast it can come back to the previous levels, but we are 
still hopeful that this will recover in the next 4 to 6 quarters. We are also 
looking at embedded and aftermarket digital services and as the segment 
is recovering. We see that this is likely to see demand for the next 4 to 6 
quarters before the overall growth for the aerospace industry comes back 
to the previous levels. DLM, which is seen a one off dip and we still 
continue to hold on to what we committed earlier about 20% year-on-
year growth for the full year. And this is backed by a strong order 
pipeline and backlog that we carry today. And this is also compounded 
with some of the opportunities we see with customers wanting to look 
at the supply chain being de-risked not just for costs but for risk and that 
is creating newer opportunities for us. And along with what we call it as 
a Make in India.  
                                    Moving on to portfolio of services and we expected this to be the growth 
sector for us across many of the segments that we are operating in and 
medical, continues to grow in double digit and we are confident that this 
will continue the momentum for the rest of the year. We have announced 
the large deal about two quarters ago and that is ramping up and we 
continue to see momentum across embedded digital services and our 
pipeline continues to be robust on digital transformation and design led 
manufacturing in medical. 
Automotive and off-highway, we are conscious of some of the 
engagements and non-profitable projects, and we have taken some 
action on them in the last two quarters. So, this has resulted in some dip 
but we expect some of the growth to come back for the second half of 
this year, and which is driven essentially by supplier consolidation 
activities, as well as the digitalization part of it. 
Semiconductors has seen de-growth as compared to last quarter. And 
this again, we believe it is one off and we also had a good Q4 as we 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 27 
talked about it earlier. The solution business, which is on the ASIC side 
continues to see a significant recovery post-pandemic. And we expect 
this segment to do a double-digit growth for this year. And we also have 
launched a project along with IIT Hyderabad, in terms of creating a 5G 
system on chip design. This is probably first of its kind from any Indian 
company which is taken end to end responsibility for the silicon design. 
The energy and industrial plant engineering continues to see robust 
growth and we expect it to be grown by the top accounts. We have also 
have announced large deals in the last two quarters. And we expect this 
to again grow by double digit for this year. Mining and natural resources, 
this witnessed de-growth in Q1, which is again we believe it is a one off 
due to Covid lockdowns in Australia. Australia has been going into the 
lock down and out of lockdown for the last 12 months on an alternating 
basis. And we continue to see some challenges till Q1. And we hope that 
is behind us, we will see a recovery in Q2. And with also a number of 
new logos that we won in the segment about four of them in the last six 
months, I think that will continue to help us to grow the segment. 
Geospatial where we announced a large deal last quarter and the Q1 dip 
was more of a seasonality and we expect the demand to come back. We 
are also trying to bring in geospatial as a horizontal offering that we can 
take it to many of the verticals like mining, communication and utilities 
and mostly using them as a horizontal service line to drive growth on 
applications as well as on the analytics areas. With that I will hand it 
over to Krishna for outlook for FY22. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Thank you Karthik. If I may just summarize, I want to say that I will 
reiterate the commitment that we had made for the year. We continue to 
expect that we will grow in double digits in FY22 in services. We 
continue to be confident that we will grow in double digits in FY22 in 
services. From Q2 onwards, we will see some good growth coming in. 
We have the order backlog and also the early signs of ramp ups and so 
on and so forth are already starting to happen, which means that the Q2 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 27 
is going to be a good quarter as we look at it, but also more importantly 
these are sustainable projects that we are doing right now. So, it will also 
continue into the rest of the year. DLM will grow about 20% as we had 
indicated at the beginning of the year. We also maintain that for the full 
year we will improve margins by at least 200 basis points. And probably 
better than that given that even in Q1 we have done a fairly decent job 
of improving the operating margin and as a result also the PAT. DLM 
will also improve at least 200 basis points. We also do not expect any 
export incentives this year. We also expect that the tax rate will be about 
25-26% which is not very different from the previous years. 
So, in summary, I would say that it has been expected start of the year, 
I think from a revenue perspective like Ajay had mentioned internally 
these were the numbers maybe there is a small gap, but that is because 
we also had some fairly significant Covid challenges in April and May 
which are quite specific to our type of business, given some of the 
security issues, access to labs and so on so forth. Therefore, we had a 
little bit of a challenge in April-May, we completely overcome that in 
June and it was the best month that we could have had and even we were 
surprised on how well things have recovered and also recovered in a 
sustainable manner. 
So, I can say with confidence that Q2 onwards we will come back on 
revenue and obviously on the operating profit, we have done what we 
need to do. We have made some changes structurally, and I also want to 
say that much of the salary increase was already factored into Q1. Over 
the last couple of years, we have done a phased salary increase and not 
all salary increases happen at the same time, but given that the majority 
of the population does have salary increases in Q1, much of it is also 
factored in. There will be some more in Q2, but that is part of the plan. 
So, with that I will pause here and we will turn it over for any questions. 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 27 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Agarwal from 
Edelweiss. 
Sandeep Agarwal:   Even though you have very strong capability in this space and you are 
doing a great business in all the areas of aerospace, medical, hi-tech for 
quite some time and there is an immense amount of demand in that area. 
The lower growth in this quarter does not look to me led by demand 
challenge. It looks more like a supply side challenge and there is nothing 
wrong because the whole industry probably has done a miscalculation 
last year when they started running very thin ventures on the assumption 
that the global economy will tank and all those things and no one 
anticipated that there will be such a sharp recovery. And because of that, 
those thin ventures are now coming to hurt because suddenly there will 
be a huge spike in demand and there is no supply and particularly the 
piece of business you deal with also has a longer training period and has 
a specific skill set requirement, which is not exactly comparable to IT 
services or normal software services. So, I wanted to know when do you 
see if my if understanding is right that this growth is more because of 
supply side challenge rather than demand and if that is right, then when 
do you see this challenge getting over because what I am seeing today 
is that unfortunately everyone in the industry has got into the race of 
poaching people from one another, and this problem can actually be 
solved only when there is abundant supply of manpower. So, my 
question Krishna is actually you know that unfortunately this industry 
has got into now poaching talent from one another and the actual 
solution to this problem lies when the workforce would be trained in 
abundant number to pull down this attrition and all these challenges. So 
where do you see things improving going forward and how much time 
it will take? Because I do not see concern on growth, but I definitely see 
concern on growth led by supply side number one and even if you are 
able to execute, it may hurt your margins in near term for two, three 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 27 
quarters. So, what is the solution in your view and how do you see the 
situation? 
Krishna Bodanapu: Thanks, Sandip, I think that is a very relevant question and a very 
pertinent set of observations. You are right, I think the challenge that we 
face is more the supply side challenge than the demand side challenge 
at the moment. And also, in much of our businesses we do need to 
increase or we do need to train people. We need to get them ready and 
so on so forth so it has been a supply side challenge. The demand is 
there. The demand also, if you look at it, we have also been quite 
aggressive about how we manage bench and the utilization. And of 
course, we do not have the scale of some of the larger companies where 
even a 2% slack for them turns out to be many thousands of people, 
whereas for us 2% is not a very large number and then you start getting 
into skills etc. it becomes a challenge. So one is, the demand is there and 
we are also facing a fairly significant demand, so we have had to make 
some choices on what demand we will service and that we do not give 
in the capacity and the capability that we have now. So that is one part. 
So, that is why I say with confidence that from Q2 onwards things will 
look much stronger for a couple of reasons. 
 
First is I think getting people on board and getting people into the 
company and getting them ready etc, we have done a lot of work in Q1 
and again because of what happened in April and May we have got 
derailed a little bit at the beginning of the quarter given that all the 
resources including HR leadership were focused on the COVID related 
issues. Almost 10% of our staff had COVID at some point and we have 
dealt with it right now and thank God we are less than a few people with 
Covid, which I am sure we will get resolved. So, one is we have 
onboarded and we have been quite prudent at onboarding people, which 
is now helping address the demand. 
 
The second thing is we see is the supply of freshers. I mean that is a big 
part of the supply base, that is a big part of what is available in India and 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 27 
if you look at it now also what has happened is the supply base got 
delayed given that exams got postponed and all that has been happening, 
this supply base got a little bit delayed. So, what we are seeing is we 
have onboarded a number of freshers. I think we have onboarded almost 
600 freshers in June. It will take a month or two to get them prepared. 
Again, that would not be useful for all the demand, but at least for much 
of the demand that we have, they can be trained over a month or two to 
at least start to get productive. So that is the second part of this equation 
is between last year and this year given that freshers are available 
essentially in May-June time frame that demand has come in. In our 
case, 600 people will onboard, another 500 or 600 in in this coming 
quarter in Q2, but overall, as a country you know half a million people 
are available which will also help address the supply side challenge. 
 
So, it is a combination of these two things. I think from a lateral hiring 
we are much better prepared. We have been able to on board the 
resources they are getting productive and like I said, June was a very, 
very strong month, which will continue and the freshers will now 
become available in the next couple of months which will also go a long 
way in addressing the supply side challenge. But I will say, thank you 
for pointing out that the demand is there. That is not the problem. It is 
really the supply that we need to be aware of address. 
Sandip Agarwal: 
So, Krishna, if you allow me to ask one more question. I would like to 
ask another question on the same line. So, is there a way we can analyze 
that? Let us say if we would have continued with our nominal bench, 
which we generally maintain assuming that this pandemic or taking a 
risk that you know we would be overstaffed for some time and today the 
challenge which we have taken on the hit which we are going to take on 
the execution or not taking the order. What would have been the tradeoff 
between them or in an indirect way that if you would have the resources 
right now, ready resources, how much of market share gains you would 
have made? Have we done that kind of exercise? The objective of asking 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 27 
this question is not that we have done something wrong because the on  
whole it was completely unpredictable for the all the companies and 
everyone has run thin benches in last 12 months, but the objective of 
asking this question is primarily to know that is there a real loss of 
revenue which has happened to the whole industry because of this panic 
that global economy will collapse and IT will or the software services 
will also collapse when the world was able to see that the only thing 
which was running the world was technology. So that is what I want to 
know? 
Krishna Bodanapu:  See, I think I will let Karthik add to it but I will say prima facie there 
was about $3 million of revenue that we lost just because of supply side 
constraints. Some of it is in DLM, some of it in services. So, the $3 
million was even with the current capacity without having that 
additional bench. That is this was lost because people had Covid or we 
could not get parts or whatever that reason was. So, I said baseline there 
was $3 million that I can think of. Karthik, do you think there would 
have been more if we had a bench? 
Karthik Natarajan:   No, I do not think so, Krishna. I think the reasons were two things right. 
One, what we had supplied last year was more on the aerospace. Where 
we are seeing the demand is on the non-aerospace. The second element 
also is more demand is coming on the digital side and where we really 
need to build up a lot of these skills and due to the pandemic, I think if 
at all there is anything that has happened, the digital transformation has 
really accelerated, probably at least by 20% year-on-year if not more. It 
is about how we are able to really match up with the demand that is 
happening on the digital, whether it is about intelligent automation or 
Internet of Things or trying to integrate with cloud automation. I think a 
lot of things that we are really talking about the skill set full stack 
engineers. A lot of them that are required in demand today were not there 
one year ago. So, this is something where the demand definitely picked 
up in the last four months and we are seeing the brunt of it and 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 27 
anticipating that is the reason why we added about 400 plus net addition 
headcount in Q1 and we are continuing to look for both lateral as well 
as hire, train and deploy model. We need to see how we are able to really 
use both of them to help in meeting the demand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah for 
Equirus Securities.  
Sandeep Shah: 
It is good to understand the impact here because of the supply side issue, 
but curious to know that some of your peers in the Engineering R&D 
sector have actually been growing anywhere between 3% to 6% while 
we have a flattish kind of our services revenue growth with a $3 million 
kind of an impact, which could be split between service and DLM. So, 
I just wanted to understand what nature of demand which we tap which 
has impacted us despite work from home versus the other peers has not 
seen a bigger impact as a whole? 
Karthik Natarajan: We are seeing the demand across the board. We definitely have a 
significant demand coming on the digital and digital is about 3-4 key 
areas. Whether it is about asset management, industry 4.0, mobile 
workforce management. How do you think we can do some system 
integration projects? I think these are the ones which are required as part 
of the digital. 
 
The second one is about embedded software and applications. I think 
this is another one which definitely has the highest demand and followed 
by semiconductors and probably this segment would see continued 
growth for the next 2-3 years driven by 5G, artificial intelligence and 
some of the new silicon that needs to be designed for edge compute. I 
think all of them would require a significant amount of R&D spent, and 
that is what is coming to us, but again, the semiconductors also have a 
supply challenge because there is a limited population available in India. 
So, this needs to be created or you really need to have a mechanism to 
look at on boarding from other geographies beyond India, including 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 27 
Eastern Europe or Southeast Asia. So, you need to really look at 
alternate options to explore to meet the growing demand on the 
semiconductor side and followed by the network site. We definitely see 
a solid demand on the network site and both on the intelligent network 
design as well as on the network technology transformation side. And 
that is something we are fairly comfortable about what we have done in 
the last one year so we were prepared for it. We know how to really 
address that, but the real issues are about the digital and the 
semiconductor side. How do you think we are able to address the 
demand that is coming on those two areas and the skillset. 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
If I will just add Sandeep, I would say that whatever we said is more 
specific to the one off in the quarter one. When we are saying that we 
are confident of a double-digit growth, we have also done extensive 
exercise to look at both the demand and the supply side and at the end 
of it and that has been the learning. So far, we would not spend so much 
time. And if you look at our pipeline, one is on the demand side. I think 
Krishna already spoke about it. Karthik also mentioned in his 
presentation even on the supply side, our pipeline is the best ever. I think 
that is what it is. So, I would say quarter one has been a one off. And 
going forward, you would see whatever is needed for that double digit 
growth will come to fulfill the demand as well as we will overcome those 
supply challenges. If at all I think other things could be upside to it, 
right? So, I just wanted to add to what Karthik said. 
Sandeep Shah: 
So, is it fair to assume that it was not because of the employee infection 
which impacted the growth it was actually the scarcity of the talent on 
the digital side which impacted your growth? And if you believe that 
this revenue is not a loss, it will come back, and that is why you are not 
changing your whole year growth guidance. What gives you the 
confidence that what you have faced in 1Q will not be a challenge in 2Q, 
3Q and 4Q as a whole? 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 27 
Ajay Aggarwal:       Yes, sure. See firstly Sandeep, I think the quarter one is more or less in 
line with what we had anticipated, right? If you were looking at a very 
strong growth, it was in quarter 2, quarter 3, quarter 4, whatever $3 
million loss Krishna has talked about I think we definitely had higher 
number of employees that were infected. Good thing is I think all of 
them have recovered and as June we are absolutely back to normal. We 
had some challenges on the pipeline of the manpower and we also had 
some issues on the on the past. But I think all that wave 2 impact has 
settled completely and I would say we are back to business as usual in 
June itself, and that is how we are saying that some of it was already 
built in. Even if you add $3 million to our quarter one growth still, it 
looks flat. This is the portfolio of the businesses that we have and based 
on that this is how we plan. 
Krishna Bodanapu:   I will just actually take the $3 million as base case that was anticipated. 
That was more the reason why we lost the $3 million was because people 
were not available etc. But okay, that $3 million is still a small number, 
right. And we are anticipating if you look at the, if you are holding the 
forecast for the rest of the year, the growth will have to be much more 
than that. And that is because you know to Karthik's earlier point what 
was earlier skill sets in areas like mechanical engineering for aerospace 
are now becoming more the digital skills of semiconductor and making 
that switch has taken a little bit of time. I mean if honestly if all the 
growth had come back in aerospace in the same manner that we had 
faced last year, things would have looked very different. And also, I 
want to say that look if you look at the way that we are looking at the 
business, all the commentary is still based on aerospace remaining a U-
shaped recovery and that we are still at the bottom of the U, at least 
through most of the rest of the year. I mean, we are seeing some slow 
growth like Karthik said 2-3%. But nothing significant. So, we are able 
to recover reasonably well in spite of aerospace, which has been the 
biggest business still being at the bottom. And leave the mathematics 
aside, the bigger challenges, the skills that we have in aerospace were 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 27 
quite specialized. So, we have rebuilt the business and the reason why 
we are saying that okay, the $3 million was based on what was there, 
but what could be is because we built the newer skills and that is where 
there is also a lot of demand. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just follow up questions. If I look at 10% growth in services, the 
compounded QoQ ask rate would be close to 4% for the next 3 quarters 
and generally December quarter is reasonably soft for engineering R&D. 
So that means we may have to do a heavy lifting in the second quarter, 
where growth could be close to a high single digit. So, is it a fairway 
directionally one can model and you believe that is possible, where 1Q 
postponement of growth plus 2Q growth will help you to post a better 
number strong number in the 2Q itself? 
Krishna Bodanapu: Yes, absolutely. I think that is fair and but I will say the other thing is, 
see that hypothesis that Q3 was soft was when the onsite business was 
much larger and also when things like work from home were not really 
working. Our offshoring has again increased this quarter and actually 
the offshoring part because in India Q3 is not that bad. Of course, we 
have Dussehra, Diwali holidays and New Year’s etc. but it is not so bad. 
The challenge used to be when a large portion of our aerospace business 
was also US centric for various reasons. That is when it became a big 
challenge but Q3 is a little bit of a less of a challenge as we see it this 
year because of these reasons - more offshoring and so on so forth. At 
the same time your hypothesis or your assumption is right that a lot of 
the heavy lifting has to happen in Q2 and a bit in Q4. Because Q3 we 
still do not know. That is at least last year we had a better, Q3 than Q2, 
but of course it was an extraordinary year. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay and just the last question. Krishna, I think it is good to see that 
third consecutive quarter of a good large deal wins. But if you look at 
the last two quarters, the TCV has been $70 million to $90 million, while 
in this quarter it is close to $50 million with lower number of deals. Is it 
more to do that decision making has also got postponed from the client 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 27 
side on the deal closures because of the COVID or it is an aberration and 
may actually come back or improve going forward as well? 
Karthik Natarajan:  Sandeep, I would say that I think we kind of even guided earlier, we are 
just building the large deal factory. The focus is to compete and win 
higher or larger size deals than what we have participated in the past. I 
think this is going to see some up and down as we start building it up 
and we said this will take about four to six quarters for us to build a 
factory, that is the concept that we laid out in terms of how do we make 
large deals are to be built as a factory, which can generate probably 5 to 
7 deals every quarter. I think this is going to be a journey that we are in 
to and probably we will start building that up over the next 2-3 quarters 
and we will keep you posted on how we make progress on it. I would 
say the last 2-3 quarters has been good for us and we are continuing to 
build the momentum with our customers. The top 30 customers. And 
also with the sales training and sales transformation, we also brought on 
few advisors that will help us to connect with CXOs. We also launched 
some of the technology solutions and that would really help us to drive 
it. And we also looked at five pillars as a growth theme for us, and 
whether it is digital, embedded software, semiconductors, and networks 
and geospatial. We said these are the five pillars that we are going to bet 
on as our growth engines. So, by putting all of them together, believe 
that we have a great story and differentiated story that can help us to 
drive this growth in the next 2-3 quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain 
from Anand Rathi. 
Mohit Jain: 
One is on the order intake like even if you see the split between DLM 
and services, DLM clearly shows the kind of uptick we have seen in 
revenues and the kind of commentary you guys are guiding for in terms 
of 20% growth, but services over longer horizon like, even if you take 
12 months period and then do it over last two years, there is no uptick 
which is visible on the order intake. Even excluding the large deals like 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 21 of 27 
this is the total order intake. So, what is happening there and when 
should we expect this order intake to start reflecting the kind of trends 
you are seeing in the industry? 
Karthik Natarajan:  I would say it takes about one to two quarters for it to start showing up, 
Mohit. And to give an example, we announced a large deal on HMLR 
and this is starting to ramp up in this quarter and in some cases, it may 
happen in one quarter, in some it may take 2 to 3 quarters. The key thing 
that we are really highlighting here is as compared to the last year I think 
the way we are seeing that is the order intake plus order backlog that 
gives us the confidence for rest of the year. The second element is 
converting that into revenue where you go through a supply transition 
and then into a revenue. The way you are able to transit to revenue is 
where it takes some time and sometimes it is customer driven where 
customers have aligned us to be the winner to execute the project but 
they may have some budget constraint and they may start up one or two 
quarters down the line so that may have some delays, but otherwise we 
expect probably 70-80% of the order intake should get executed within 
this financial year. 
Mohit Jain: 
Order backlog is something which we do not get, right? Or can you share 
some numbers there? 
Krishna Bodanapu: We do not share the backlog numbers. See if you look at it compared to 
last year, the services order intake has increased 20% plus or actually 
21%. I mean compared to Q4 it is down but that is because Q4 is always 
a difficult quarter for us and so on. So, I would say the backlog has been 
reasonably good I think because also what has happened with some of 
these order intake numbers is that the aerospace backlog would have 
also got cancelled. So this is the net order intake that we are reporting, 
which means that if you look at aerospace, where we have lost almost 
$80 million or so of revenue this year. A lot of that order was in place 
because aerospace orders would have also come in in Q4 of the previous 
year for last year. So, this is a little bit subdued because this is the net 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 22 of 27 
number. This is not the gross number and we also take into account the 
cancellations and therefore I want to assure you that the intake is good. 
I mean to support the numbers that we are talking about. There is enough 
order intake and order backlog as a result. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, when you say net if there is an order in Q1 21, and you accounted 
for it, let us say $100 million back then, and it gets cancelled. So, you 
actually report the today's number $120 million is net of that 
cancellation. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Yes, it is net of that calculation, yes. 
Mohit Jain: 
Because we will not restate at the past numbers, right?  
Krishna Bodanapu: Yes, exactly. So, it is like a P&L rather than a balance sheet. 
Mohit Jain: 
And second was there is this headcount growth which I think of course 
is in anticipation of a strong second half. But attrition is also slightly 
uncomfortable at 23-24%. So, and you guys are saying that wage hikes 
are already done with for the year or are you looking at one more round, 
maybe in the second half or something? Is this something which is 
planned because it was called merit based so is it not normal wage hike 
or is it the wage hike which is done for the year? 
Krishna Bodanapu:  No, we call it merit based. It is the normal wage hike but we have built 
in enough flexibility if we have to make further corrections during the 
course of the year, we will. We are not going to announce that because 
we will only do it as and when required and also for certain skills, 
because I think the reality of our business is also there is some pretty 
high-end skills, so we have to look at the skill and the demand in the 
market etc. So, I would say we have enough buffer built in where if we 
have to do another wage hike, we will be able to absorb that. 
Now the second thing is, yes, attrition is a little bit higher and I think it 
is something that we also struggle with because there are some elements 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 23 of 27 
of our business which has high end skills. It is also quite unique work 
that we do where we can keep attrition under control, but there is also 
fairly commoditized part of our business where attrition is quite high. 
So, we are working on it. I mean, we have seen that it is come down a 
little bit at least in June and we think that it will come closer to 20% in 
Q2. That is the number that we can still manage with at least in the short 
term. So, we are working on it. You are right, it is a little bit 
uncomfortable to put it charitably, but we will work on it. We have to 
deal with it and we have a plan to continue to reduce it. 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
And I think our salary increases are spread over quarter one and quarter 
two. As I said earlier that you know about two third of it is already done 
and you may say 50-70 bps impact in quarter two as well. So, in total it 
will be about 240 to 250 bps for the year. Just want to put the 
clarification on that. 
Mohit Jain: 
Ajay, one last question on DLM metrics. In terms of direct salaries and 
gross profit, it appears that some cost is missed out in the presentation. 
What is the correct EBITDA or gross profit number for DLM? I am on 
slide number 20 of the annexure. 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
So, I can just clarify the numbers and we can do the reconciliation 
offline. Basically, our overall is about 6% margin for this particular 
quarter at EBIT level. As I said in my presentation 5.6% and as far as 
the gross margin is concerned, that is around 14-15%.  
Mohit Jain: 
EBIT is Rs.106 million, correct? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Yes, correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg 
from Motilal Oswal.  
Mukul Garg: 
You know I think, Krishna, this was something which was discussed last 
quarter as well. You guys have done a tremendous job on the margin 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 24 of 27 
side, especially on the services the margin this quarter definitely was 
quite good. But if you look at your guidance it continues to remain the 
same of about 200 basis points YoY improvement in FY22, while you 
just also mentioned that you have kept some buffer in case you need to 
do some adjustment in terms of workforce. 
But even after that, given especially the kind of impact you have seen in 
your overall margin profile in Q1 during a normal wage hike cycle, it 
still leaves a lot of gaps in what you can deliver over next 3 quarters in 
both services and DLM which are obviously coming off, a low base from 
a profitability point of view and your guidance of about 200 basis point 
improvement. If you can just help us understand why this continued 
conservatism? Last quarter obviously the Wave 2 impact was there and 
there was a lack of clarity but things seem to be much better right now 
and it seems like you are the only one who is a kind of keeping you know 
a potential wave 3 on the sidelines as a risk factor. If you can just help 
us understand and kind of reconcile this? 
Krishna Bodanapu: So okay fair point, but I will say next quarter we also have some 
additional costs that are coming in. For example, the ESOP scheme that 
was announced, we will start accounting for it, there is about a 50 basis 
points impact that we will have next quarter because of the new ESOP 
scheme. 
So I would not say conservative yet, I would say a bit prudent, because 
obviously there is still a lot of uncertainty. One is these known costs, the 
ESOP will hit us by 50 bps and salary increase will have to make up etc. 
Again, we were quite confident that the margin would not dip. That we 
will see actually a little bit of growth in Q2 also, but I think it is good to 
be prudent at this point. I mean third wave is one potential thing, but 
there are enough unknowns. Because until we really get back to the 
growth it is a tradeoff between growth and margin. I would be a lot more 
comfortable when we start to get back to the growth of Q4 and Q3 of 
last year when we were 3-4% quarter-on-quarter. Once we start get back 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 25 of 27 
to that and maintain this margin, I think it will be more prudent to say 
that the margin will be more than 200 basis points better this year. Yes 
empirically the evidence would suggest that we should do better than 
that, but I would just err on the side of prudence before committing to it 
just because of ESOP and the uncertainty. Third wave or not is 
debatable, but you know it is not just the third wave, it is various 
elements. So, I would say taking a combination of those before I put my 
sort of credibility out and say it will be much more than 200 bps. I would 
still stick to that for one more quarter before hopefully having a better 
understanding. 
Mukul Garg: 
A different way to kind of look at this is also that would you be 
comfortable in investing or kind of letting go of some profitability in 
case you get a large order. Your guidance already implies a very 
meaningful pickup over next three quarters. Is that something which is 
baking in some impact in terms of a deal specific margin hit or can there 
be something which can really help you beat this meaningfully? If you 
just take a little bit more flexibility on profitability? 
Krishna Bodanapu:  So, I will say on deal specific I would not go as far as saying we would 
trade off margin for revenue on any deal because recovery from that is 
a is a very difficult situation and something that we faced over the last 
couple of years where we had to go through cease and cure process and 
stop working with some of the accounts and so on so forth. We do have 
a fairly aggressive investment plan in proactive investments. These are 
things like technology, these are things like more sales people etc. I 
would say I am sort of bullish on investing in those areas as investments 
rather than saying that we will trade off the margin for revenue because 
that is a one-way street. You will never be able to recover the margin 
and sometime in the next X number of years, we will just have the cease 
or cure conversation again. So yes, we do have a fairly aggressive 
investment plans that we will also follow and therefore I would say the 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 26 of 27 
margins are not going to get that much better because we are going to 
do, we are going to invest ESOPS and so on and so forth. 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
If I may just add, if you remember our Q4 guidance we had talked about 
these investments, what Krishna said and in Q1 not much of it has 
fructified. So definitely we are looking at somewhere between 100 to 
200 basis points of these investments, depending on how the progress 
happens and linking to some of the benefits and other things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu for closing comments. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Thank you very much. I will once again say thank you for the support 
and thank you for the confidence in Cyient. We anticipated what was 
going to happen, obviously on revenue it is a little bit slower than what 
we would have liked, and as I explained it, there was a good reason for 
it. And an anticipated reason for it. On margin, we are doing well. That 
gives us a lot of pride.  And again, I do not want to say we are at the end 
state. It is a journey and I think we are making good progress in the 
journey and will continue to make that margin progress. And that is very 
important because all the growth now will come on much better cost 
structures. We will continue to make investments. Of course, prudent 
investments on technology, on sales, on client facing aspects. 
So, all that will continue and I just want to say that the road ahead looks 
much better than the road behind. Especially if you take in to account 
what had happened in the same quarter last year. So, if we take all that 
into account, I think we are very well positioned to have good growth 
on a very good base with some good metrics along with that. And lastly, 
I like to compliment the Cyient team especially the business continuity 
teams and the HR teams. They did a phenomenal job when the going 
was tough which gives me a lot of pride to say that look we have gone 
through tough situations - both on the business front in the last two years, 
and of course the COVID situation in the last year. And then again, this 

 
Cyient Limited 
July 15, 2021 
 
 
Page 27 of 27 
quarter and we have come out very strongly, which gives me confidence 
to say fundamentally, there is a lot of pride. There is a lot of confidence 
in the business and we are well set up to overcome anything that comes 
our way. So, thank you once again for the support and I will hand it back 
to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Cyient Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
