 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
August 19, 2021 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Stock Symbol: JBCHEPHARM 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: Earnings conference call Transcript 
 
Ref.: Disclosure under regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call scheduled for investors and analysts on August 13, 2021 at                        
3.30 p.m. IST to discuss  results and developments for the first quarter ended on June 30, 2021. It is also 
available on the website of the Company.  
 
We request you to take this on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Sandeep Phadnis  
Vice President – Secretarial  
& Company Secretary 
 
 
Sandeep 
Anil Phadnis
Digitally signed by 
Sandeep Anil Phadnis 
Date: 2021.08.19 
14:45:44 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 
Q1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
August 13, 2021 
 
This transcript is published as is what we have received from our 
vendor who manages the conference call. We would request you to 
go through the audio recording in case you want to reconfirm 
anything that has been mentioned in the transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to J.B. Chemicals and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited Q1 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call as on the 13th of 
August 2021. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jason D'Souza, Head of 
Investor Relations at J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited. Thank you and over 
to you sir. 
Jason D'Souza: 
Thank you, Lizann. Welcome to the Earnings Call of J.B. Chemicals and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited. We have with us today, Mr. Nikhil Chopra -- CEO and 
Wholetime Director; Mr. Kunal Khanna – President, Transformation, and Mr. Vijay 
Bhatt -- Chief Financial Officer at J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
Before we begin I would like to state that some of the statements in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. A detail statement in this regard is available on the Q1 FY'22 Results 
Presentation that has been sent to you earlier. 
I would like to now hand it over to Mr. Nikhil Chopra -- CEO to Begin the Proceedings 
of the Call and give his Opening Remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Thank you, Jason and good afternoon to everyone. A warm welcome and thank you 
for taking time to join us for this discussion on the operating and financial 
performance for J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals in this First Quarter FY'22. 
Before we begin, I hope all of you along with your families are keeping safe and 
healthy and we hope that the worldwide vaccine drive will enable humanity to 
conquer COVID and we always come out stronger from this whole experience. We 
look forward to better times in the future. 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
I will start with an Overview of our Performance and Share Some of Our Perspective 
on the Businesses, following which our CFO, Mr. Vijay Bhatt will take you through 
the Key Financial Highlights, after that we'll be more than happy to take your 
Questions. 
Friends, we have begun the new financial year on a strong note. Taking forward the 
momentum from the previous year, revenue has grown by 16% to Rs.606 crore 
during the first quarter which is the highest ever top line recorded in any one quarter 
in the history of the company. While the operating environment remained challenging 
during the course of the quarter with lockdowns and supply chain-related limitations, 
both in India and some key international markets, the strategic initiatives undertaken 
over the last few months are starting to play out to create a long runway for the 
growth in the businesses. We reported EBITDA margin 27% for the Q1 and the 
margin performance takes into account normalized cost structure and higher logistic-
related expense in the quarter under review. 
We continue our efforts to institute the building blocks for sustainable growth of our 
organization. You would have noticed a significant number of new product launches, 
new divisions being introduced, cost efficiency initiatives implemented across the 
organization, various people-centric initiatives launch and focus on building the 
robust R&D team. 
Friends, while we continue to deliver in the short-term, it's imperative for us to put in 
place a sustainable long-term growth strategy, thereby creating value for our 
shareholders continuously. 
Coming to our domestic business, which recorded another sterling performance 
during Q1 growing by 39%. All our big brands continue to record high growth rates 
which have significantly benefited the businesses. Further, due to limited sales of 
our COVID portfolio, we feel confident about sustaining our market beating 
performance. This also is indicative of sustainability and resilience of our revenue 
streams in the medium to long term once this heightened pandemic phase is behind 
us and life returns to normal. 
As per IQVIA MAT in June 2021, our growth is 24% versus market growth of 19% 
for the Indian pharma market. And this growth of what we have demonstrated has 
very limited contribution from the COVID portfolio. Majorly, our growth is supported 
by therapy diversification and other transitions that derive leverage from the 
established organizations strengths. 
During the quarter, we announced our foray in the world of nephrology segment with 
the launch of new division, RENOVA, covering chronic kidney disease to end state 
renal elements. 
Also, we have launched our Nova division which will focus on pediatrics and 
respiratory segments in India with a 350-member team, focus on antivirals, 
corticosteroids, anti-allergic and nicotine replacement therapies, both of these are 
the expansions aligned with our core strengths. 
Having implemented our new go-to-market model, we also continue to evaluate 
several new growth opportunities that will further drive productivity on a relatively 
stable cost base. 
We have implemented our new go-to-market model without any increase in 
manpower. The transformation story is supported by the continuous efficiency driving 
initiatives like salesforce automation, salesforce excellence, incremental digital 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
adoption, which is a combination of digital and physical, consolidation of resources 
not only across therapy areas but also in terms of geographical coverage and control. 
Coming to our international business, the situation remains challenging because of 
the uncertainty surrounding the second wave of COVID-19 and shipment challenges 
that we face which impacted revenue growth for selected pockets in the international 
business and the CMO business; however, the silver lining is the US and the South 
Africa business continue to show a strong momentum, each of them delivering a 
growth in excess of 20% during the first quarter. Overall, the international business 
delivered flattish top line. We expect these factors to be transient in nature with the 
underlying demand drivers and our market position remaining intact. 
We are also strengthening our R&D capabilities and that should support medium to 
long-term growth opportunities in the international market where we stand today. 
The outlook for the rest of the year remains highly positive. We see continuing growth 
momentum along while continuing our best cost efficiency initiatives. We are also 
strengthening our R&D capabilities that should support the medium to long-term 
growth opportunities in the international market. Consequently, we expect stable 
margins even as cost structures revert back to normalized level. This will enable 
continuing cash generation and high return ratios. Overall, we remain well positioned 
to drive long-term value for our stakeholders based on sustainable gains and some 
key strategic initiatives. 
With this commentary I would like to conclude my opening rematch remarks and I 
would like to now hand over to Mr. Vijay to share with you Brief Perspective on our 
Financial Performance. Thank you. Over to you Vijay. 
Vijay Bhatt: 
Thank you, Nikhil. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to J.B. Chemicals Q1's 
Earning Call. I will now take you through some of the key highlights of our financial 
performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. During Q1, we have recorded 
revenue growth of 16% year-on-year to cross the threshold of Rs.600 crore for the 
first time in the quarter as indicated by Nikhil earlier. Domestic revenue growth was 
39% and led by large brands and market beating performance in non-COVID 
therapies. However, uncertainty surrounding the show, second wave of COVID 
impacted the growth in some of our international markets.  
Most importantly, the gross margin profile remains healthy during the quarter which 
was aided by a positive shift in product mix. Despite our cost base returning to 
normalized level EBITDA margin continues to remain strong; compared to the 
preceding quarter EBITDA margin during Q1 significantly improved to 26.9% against 
23.4% in Q4 of FY'21. It also measures up well against full year of FY'21 margin level 
of 27.4%; however, the decline in EBITDA margin on a year-on-year basis is primarily 
on account of sub-optimal cost base in Q1 of FY'21 due to the COVID-19 lockdown. 
Going forward we expect that the margin to remain healthy and in the range of last 
year's margin level despite cost structures reverting to the steady and normal levels. 
I would also like to highlight that the lower other income in Q1 FY'22 is reflection of 
normalized bond yields in the fixed income funds compared to the volatile yields 
during the same quarter last year. We expect that this normalized bond yields level 
to continue throughout the current financial year. Based on the higher revenue and 
higher cost base, profit before tax of Q1 FY'22 came in line with corresponding 
quarter last year. Effective tax rate remain unchanged at 25%, therefore profit after 
tax is also at the same level of Rs.119 crore on a year-on-year basis. 
Going forward we will continue to pursue our strategic business objective, that is of 
delivering profitable growth on the back of multiple business initiatives and 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
maintaining strong cash accretion. We expect that the business to expand by 
leveraging the existing base of manufacturing, distribution and relationships within 
our ecosystem. Further, we expect this initiative of continuously driving strong 
returns and create outstanding stakeholder value over the next few years. 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks. We would now like to open this forum for 
an interactive session with all of you and will be happy to respond to the questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Prakash Agarwal from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Two questions. One is in terms of your international markets while you said US and 
South Africa has grown, we see it's still flattish. So, what are the moving parts here 
and what is the outlook in terms of a little qualitative and if possible quantitative in 
terms of your export strategy and growth numbers? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Prakash, if you look at the entire mix of business in our international market, major 
issues that we face because what we shared because of the issues of COVID being 
hit in some of the geographies and because of the logistic issues in the BGx market, 
there things were down but if you look at US and South Africa there our growth was 
excess to 20%, that is what I gave the commentary. But from a perspective of future 
looking guidance, we are looking forward that things will stabilize and we will return 
back to low double digit growth in our branded generic market as we stand today 
because our order book for coming quarters looks very healthy. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
This is for the business which has declined you are saying, it will return to double 
digit growth? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So, this is largely the logistics business or there is something more to this? 
Kunal Khanna: 
I just add, Prakash, here. When we look at our international business apart from our 
key geographies which is US, South Africa and Russia we have two main legs CMO 
and other branded generics markets such as Asia Pac, Central America and LATAM. 
The business which has been impacted is largely centered around our Asia Pac, 
LATAM Central America offtake in these BGx markets and also our CMO business 
because of the muted trends in the cough and coal segment. As we look ahead and 
based on the recent order flow, we are quite positive that we will see revival of these 
specific pockets in the coming four to five months as well. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
In the past we have commented that we have vision or strategy to take this logistics 
business to higher value geographies since our plant is quite qualified. So, where 
are we in that journey? 
Kunal Khanna: 
In fact, over the last four months, we have already tapped into one customer in one 
of our regulated markets. We are working on concepts which go beyond the 
conventional cough and cold extending ourselves into segment such as immunity as 
well. Now these things take time because we are talking about established CMO 
customers where right from the development to the approval at the customers and 
it's a 12 to 14 month cycle. But we have seen good traction with two customers being 
tapped to, new customers in red market being tapped into, and we are very confident 
about our plan. So, that is underway. 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Lastly on the India business, so we have a mega brand in hypertension, then in 
gastro. What we have done here is now entering some leads into other therapies, I 
mean, what is our strategy in terms of making another mega brand and which 
segment would that be? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, we are trying to consolidate our position in the world of hypertension, if you look 
at, Prakash, we have a big brand that is Cilacar, and the line extension in terms of 
Cilacar T which conceptually is the life cycle management that we have done in the 
world of hypertension. Equally we have got into the world of metabolics that is with 
the launch of Vildagliptin and Dapagliflozin, Dapagliflozin as our brand has taken off 
well and we are getting good prescriptions from the medical fraternity. Outside this 
world, we have entered into couple of new therapies which I spoke in my 
commentary, that is in the world of pediatrics and respiratory where we are glad to 
share that we are seeing a good traction in first quarter of launch of these two 
initiatives, but building mega brands in India as you know it takes time, it is not easy 
but you have to influence the ecosystem. So, we are on that journey, but we are 
confident enough in terms of what we are projecting as guidance in the coming time, 
we will continue to deliver market-beating performance and also we will get some 
help in delivering this market-beating performance with some of the newer initiatives 
that we have put in place. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
I totally appreciate that I do understand that mega brands take time. I was just trying 
to understand with the various initiatives and great initiatives you have taken over 
the last six months, in which category do you think the next mega brand coming is 
what I was trying to understand? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
That is what I told you, within the world of hypertension, the life cycle management 
that we have done with Cilacar T that you will see, that brand already is gaining 
market share, gaining ranks. So, that is the next big thing that we are looking forward 
to and equally you will see not that mega brand but you will see some brands picking 
up in the field of pediatrics and respiratory in the coming time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rashmi Sancheti from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
Sir, just a follow-up on international markets. When you said that there are logistic 
and the shipment issues, is it something that the revenues have been deferred and 
they are going to get recovered in the subsequent quarters like for the CMO segment 
and the geographies which you mentioned? 
Kunal Khanna: 
See, it's a combination of international demand trends and partly because of logistics 
issues, given the freight cost is extremely high, some of the customers have kind of 
pushed their open orders because if you really look at the freight container cost, it's 
gone up from $2,500 per container to almost $10,000. Having said that one cannot 
run away from the fact that the end demand trends in specific pockets like Asia Pac, 
Central America, LATAM have also been slightly muted but we hope that things are 
going to normalize as the world kind of see through this wave of COVID. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
What about Russia market like you mentioned that there was a growth revival, so 
are we doing growth better than the Russian pharma industry growth or how is it? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Yes, our growth is definitely better than the overall Russian pharma industry 
especially in our covered market we are much better than our counterparts. We are 
seeing revival trends, but the next three months are very critical for Russia market 
because these are the seasonal months for our product portfolio and some of the 
signs which we see have been positive. So, we are hopeful that Russia will recover 
from an extremely low base which we witnessed last year. 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
On domestic business, have you taken price hike during the quarter across the 
portfolio and specifically for the Rantac franchisee? 
Kunal Khanna: 
See, as far as price hike is concerned across products, there is a cycle for each 
product and the hikes are taken accordingly. With respect to Rantac franchise, we 
see the benefits accruing to us at the end of Q3 and Q4; we are still sitting with 
inventory of close to three to four months. Actually what had happened was during 
the second wave of COVID to ensure supply security we had kind of ensured that 
we are sitting with good material and finished goods stock and we will see through 
it. So, the actual benefit accrual will be somewhere around end of Q3 and Q4. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
Whatever price hike you have taken on the franchisee that will reflect from Q3, Q4? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
From industry what we are hearing is many of the companies are talking about trade 
generic as an important growth driver and some of the large ones are focusing, it 
means the market has grown at higher than the prescription market growth and some 
of the companies are venturing into it. So, what is your thought process and how do 
you see this market evolving and does that create some sort of a headwind for the 
prescription business? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, we have ventured into the world of generic generics and that happened in Q1. 
See, what we believe in is capitalizing on the opportunity which is lying in tier-2 and 
beyond towns. And through this entire distribution channel and fundamentally what 
we believe in that philosophy of driving affordable access of medicines to the Indian 
population. So, this will not only help in improving accessibility of our medicine but 
also at the same time we are looking at how do we maintain the right balance in 
terms of contribution which is coming from the generic business to sustain our margin 
profile going ahead. But this overall helps this entire move and many companies 
have taken this initiative, this overall helps entire concept of accessible, affordable 
medicine to the Indian population in the nook and corner of the country and that is 
how we have also got into this business, and this is overall helping the Indian 
population from the reach out perspective. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
But sir, this will have an impact on your overall growth, right, because a part of the 
population will be supported through this channel. So, the overall opportunity to that 
extent gets impacted, isn't it, I mean the prescription growth business to that extent 
would be lower than what we had anticipated earlier? 
Kunal Khanna: 
See, there are two parts to this business. As far as we are concerned, we are being 
very cautious that the products which we launch through generics channel do not 
cannibalize the prescription products. So, two different channels, two very different 
set of products to capitalize on the opportunity and provide affordable, accessible 
medicine as Nikhil mentioned and we don't see any real threat of cannibalization, our 
strategy is very different and we want to stay away from any cannibalization impact. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Sir, how large is this business, I mean, is it very small at this point, can you quantify? 
Kunal Khanna: 
It's too early to comment for us. Like what Nikhil mentioned what we are going to be 
cognizant of is the fact that we maintain the balance effectively for us to sustain a 
healthy margin profile for our overall domestic business. 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
You mentioned about mega brands which will be created. How does that work out, I 
mean, in the sense, that today we are seeing most of the pharma companies are 
actually focusing on India a lot more, so how do you see, is it going to be dependent 
on M&A happening or organically you think it can happen and what would allow JB 
to kind of differentiate itself and create those mega brands? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
See, first of all, I would like to at least talk to you that, we have enough huge 
opportunity and scope in the existing big brands where we are placed. And the way 
we have positioned and I have been talking about the new go-to-market model in 
terms of how we have bifurcated what we want to focus on metro and tier-1 town and 
our strategy going ahead in tier-1 and beyond towns. So, we see huge scope in our 
existing big brands and that is quite reflective as reported externally and what we 
have reported for Q1 that these brands are not only gaining market share but they 
are delivering market-beating performance. And mega brands are not created in a 
day, it takes time. So, conceptually if we are able to generate revenue close to 7 to 
10 crore for the first year of launch for a brand conceptually we are more than happy 
because we have a critical mass of prescriptions which we are getting from the 
medical fraternity and the brand is getting good support. So, that is what is the 
intention going ahead and we have selected our spaces where we want to play. 
Coming to M&A, whenever conceptually we get the right asset to evaluate, will 
consider it, we will not be shying away from that but that also from an Indian 
perspective it takes time because conceptually you also have to look at from a M&A 
perspective what you want to buy also is strategically fit and is a part of your plan 
going ahead to meet your future aspirations. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
How do you see the growth for the India business panning out for the rest of this year 
given that the base for the acute therapies will still be favorable going into the second 
half of this year because our Rantac and Metrogyl prescriptions were impacted last 
year and with respect to driving prescriptions for Metrogyl and Rantac in tier-2 and 
tier-3 markets which was a stated strategy for you, how are some of those initiatives 
progressing? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Rahul, if I have to comment on this, we conceptually saw more than normal growth 
mainly for the demand itself that we saw in Rantac and Metrogyl in this quarter. But 
I think this will normalize in next three to four months. But what I spoke earlier that 
the entire new go-to-market model that we have put in place which is yielding good 
results for both our flagship segments and equally new launches. So, we maintain 
our endeavor to grow above market and close to high to mid-teens that is what I can 
guide at this moment of time. And I think a lot of efforts have been put in terms of 
nurturing the big brands that we have, not only for Rantac and Metrogyl but also what 
I spoke earlier in the previous question which is in the world of hypertension where 
we enjoy market share close to 50% to 60% for our Cilacar franchisee, close to 70% 
for our Nicardia franchisee and we see huge scope in this brand also contributing 
and towards fueling the growth in the coming time. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
With respect to this strategy of driving growth for these brands in tier-2, tier-3 
markets, so would that growth be driven by the trade generic segment or you are 
targeting different channels for driving growth in these brands in the tier-2, tier-3 
markets? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
It's a combination of both but the more inclination is to get prescription-driven growth 
in the tier-2 and beyond towns. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, with respect to this Rantac price hike which you said will start reflecting from 
fourth quarter onwards, now on the basis of price hike in that product are we revising 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
our EBITDA margin guidance for next year because historically we have spoken 
about a margin expansion of 50 to 100 basis points every year, so with Rantac price 
hike benefit, would we be able to deliver better margins than what we have done 
historically for FY'23? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Rahul, we are very clear in terms of when we look at Rantac price, Rantac price has 
been a respite for the industry. And if you look at from a product it is from an 
accessible perspective, affordability perspective, we believe this comes as a 
breather, but we are we are likely to see the benefit of Rantac what Kunal spoke 
earlier by end of Q3, starting Q4. And we still have good inventory in the market, 
close to three to four months. We had maintained this inventory because of the entire 
uncertainty during the COVID times and we continue to guide in terms of EBITDA 
margin, see, EBITDA margin were close to 27% as what we reported for the last 
financial year and in my previous commentary what we had given guidance that we 
will be close to the same profile of margin for the current financial year. So, it's a 
combination of headwinds and tailwinds that is how the business happens. So, some 
of the issues that we are facing in international market conceptually what we face in 
Q1 it will return back Rantac price in case benefit will start getting in Q4, so we will 
continue to guide in terms of maintaining the same profile of EBITDA margin what 
we delivered in last year. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
What was the free cash flow generation during the quarter? 
Vijay Bhatt: 
The exact quantum I will not be able to quantify for this. There has been a very decent 
amount of free cash flow during this quarter. As you would see that we do not have 
any major capital commitment as of now and the profitability is quite healthy. So, it 
has led to a good amount of free cash flow generation in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Just one question around the two new divisions; RENOVA and Nova. So, if you can 
just walk us through the kind of investment that you have made, I understand that 
you made some comments in the opening statement, but all the investments been 
made or are you looking to still have more sales force, some more details around 
that will be great? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
If you recall the commentary that we gave last time and what I spoke earlier we have 
not added a single person on the field, we have reconfigured our go-to-market 
strategy and we have re-allocated our manpower and we have got a team of around 
40 people in RENOVA which are going to nephrologists, there are around close to 
2,000 nephrologists practicing in the country and we have a good relationship with 
nephrologists as they are a good prescriber of our anti-hypertensive drugs. So, we 
have launched RENOVA half a dozen products which are more into kidney 
supportive therapy, that is renal supportive therapy that is what we have done and 
Q1 was the first quarter for our Nova division, equally for our Nova division where 
we have got 350 people, resource is allocated from our existing team in the entire 
new go-to-market model and this business had a good starting point because we 
also shifted some of our products from the existing business in the world of pediatrics 
and there are half a dozen new launches which we have done in the field of 
respiratory. So, all this conceptually from a manning perspective, there is no cost 
which has been added. What we are trying to leverage our existing opportunity for 
nephrology, pediatrics and respiratory segment and we are also happy to share that 
what early success that we have got in terms of prescription traction gives us 
confidence that both the initiatives that we have put in place should help us to deliver 
market-beating performance across the company in India geography. 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
At this stage, you're confident you don't need any more investments here, right? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
No, it's a normal investment in terms of the entire medico-marketing initiatives which 
conceptually helps us in terms of disseminating the knowledge in the field of medical 
fertility, otherwise the combination of products are in-house and B2B which are 
helping us in terms of our field force venturing into newer categories of business and 
more and more number of patients in the field of pediatrics, respiratory and kidney 
disease. 
Kunal Randeria: 
How many new products would you be launching in the next two to three years? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
We already have launched close to 12 to 15 products in last six months in both these 
new initiatives and couple of products in the world of metabolics. I think we are rightly 
poised that how do we get now the maximum from what we have launched. So, we 
are not in a hurry to launch number of products. Conceptually, what we believe is in 
terms of how we can make a difference to the life of the patient by getting something 
which is niche, innovative and also partner with the healthcare professionals in 
driving better quality of life of the patients. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
A Puranwala: 
My first question is with regards to the new launches what we have done. So, going 
ahead, what is the kind of growth we see because what we are guiding is somewhere 
slightly higher than the market growth but because of these two new divisions, 
shouldn't we grow faster than what we are guiding as of now? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Already if you look at the growth what we demonstrated in Q1 was close to 39% and 
this was basically we saw good uptick in the field of Rantac and Metrogyl but that 
growth is going to normalize. But what I gave in my earlier commentary that we will 
continue to deliver a market-beating performance and 4% to 5% element of growth 
should come from the newer initiatives that we have taken in place and rest of the 
growth we look at from a volume perspective of our existing brands and whenever 
possible, we will be able to take the price increase. That is how we are seeing the 
business going ahead. 
A Puranwala: 
My second question is on the Rantac price increase. Though we would be allowed 
to take a 50% price increase, but given in Q3 or in Q4, would we be taking the entire 
price hike or this will again largely depend on how the market dynamic pans out 
within the molecule which would compete with the Ranitidine? 
Kunal Khanna: 
At this stage we will try to maximize the price situation. The timing of this has already 
been communicated and that's how we are thinking about it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ahmed from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed: 
A couple of questions: One, can you help us through the numbers of domestic 
Contrast Media? Also want to understand the IQVIA data shows 22% growth for Q1 
whereas we are showing 39% growth in domestic formulations. So, besides Contrast 
Media, is there any other thing that would cause such a huge variance both the 
numbers? 
Kunal Khanna: 
See, our Contrast Media business has kind of revived because it was a very, very 
low base last year and we are kind of having a very good momentum in this quarter. 
We would not want to specifically discuss the segment or product wise details but it 
shows a very-very healthy momentum as we look at Q1 of this financial year. With 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
respect to overall variation and difference between IQVIA and what we have 
internally reported, see, these things kind of vary, right. What we saw was our internal 
demand really pick up because of huge surge and offtake during second wave of 
COVID for our products like Rantac and Metrogyl. Now it becomes very difficult for 
the external agencies to kind of have an exact tap on what that surge is and you will 
always see those bit of variations. Overall, as we think about our business, our 
primary and secondary trends are absolutely matching, we have our inventory levels 
absolutely under control and therefore quite confident of looking ahead as well. 
Ahmed: 
What's been the MR productivity in Q1? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Last time also what we have spoken, our productivity is now almost at par or more 
with the industry trend, the industry trend is close to around Rs.4 lakhs, Rs.4.2 lakhs, 
we are trending close to around Rs.5 lakhs per person productivity which 
conceptually will continue to grow at a healthy growth of around 12% to 14%. 
Ahmed: 
One finance related question to Mr. Vijay. Now that the ESOP policy and the scheme 
is out. So, when can we expect ESOP related costs to hit the P&L? 
Vijay Bhatt: 
I think this ESOP-related cost will start coming in from Q2 onwards. As of now it is 
just approval of the scheme which has happened. 
Ahmed: 
The EBITDA guidance is taking into account such costs or you're considering this as 
a one-off thing? 
Vijay Bhatt: 
No, this is one-off kind of cost. EBITDA guidance is something independent of this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Charulata Gaidhani from Dalal & Broacha. Please 
go ahead. 
Charulata Gaidhani: 
In the Indian market even Nicardia has seen a growth after quite some time. So, if 
you could throw some light on what led to the growth? And also what would be the 
COVID-related revenue from domestic market in the sense do you expect some 
tapering off going forward? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Nicardia what I spoke earlier, see, Nicardia is our flagship brand and we have a 
combination of traditional Nicardia of 30 and 60 milligram and we also got XL which 
is an incremental innovation. And this brand conceptually is rightly positioned and it 
gets the entire prescription traction from nephrologists in the world of uncontrolled 
hypertension. So, as a strategy what we have taken in terms of how do maximum 
number of patients get benefits with the incremental innovative product that we have 
put in the market in the form of Nicardia, XL. So, that is the strategy that we are 
following and only this brand enjoys 80% to 90% market share and we only are trying 
to influence the ecosystem with this entire strategy that we are following for Nicardia 
From COVID, Kunal, why don't you comment? 
Kunal Khanna: 
From a COVID perspective, see, we have very limited products, just one or two, the 
contribution of these has been very insignificant to our overall growth. Yes, but what 
we saw was that during the second wave some of our flagship brands did play an 
important role as co-prescription during care, but no specific, significant contribution 
from main COVID therapy. 
Charulata Gaidhani: 
Did you see any peculiar demand coming from the hospitals which were treating 
COVID patients for Metrogyl or Rantac? 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Kunal Khanna: 
That's what, Rantac and Metrogyl did well, so their pickup was quite significant and 
we did see a surge in demand for Rantac and Metrogyl during the second wave of 
COVID. And as was mentioned earlier also as we move ahead, these demand trend 
will certainly stabilize. But outside this with respect to main core COVID therapy, we 
just had one or two products and there was very limited contribution to the overall 
growth profile which you see. 
Charulata Gaidhani: 
My second question pertains to the challenges and shipments that you saw in Q1. 
By when do you see it coming back to normalcy, like by when will it reflect in the 
export numbers? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Unfortunately, very difficult to predict by when and how the logistics situation will 
normalize. Some of the factors regarding congestion at various transshipment 
terminals in China and all continue to worsen. We hope that the situation should 
normalize over the next two to three months and that should certainly help our 
international business going forward. Also, we would not really want to completely 
attribute the challenges only related to logistics as we maintain that some of the 
demand trends should also likely improve going forward specifically in pockets like 
APAC and Central America and that again should have a positive impact on our 
business going forward. 
Charulata Gaidhani: 
You expect that by when? 
Kunal Khanna: 
We are hopeful that as we look at the next two, three months the demand revival 
along with logistics situation should ease out. 
Charulata Gaidhani: 
What would be the lozenges utilization currently? 
Kunal Khanna: 
We are operating at close to 65% utilization for our lozenges. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neelam Punjabi from Perpetuity Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Firstly, I wanted to know given we had a higher contribution from domestic business 
in this quarter but that did not translate into gross margins. Is it because of higher 
contributions from Rantac and Metrogyl? 
Vijay Bhatt: 
The gross margin is a combination of several factors. The most important is the 
product mix. Rantac, Metrogyl did play its own role in this. This is not the only reason 
but there are some cost factors are also impacting the overall margin, certain API 
costs are showing some indication of increase. And that's where the margin profile 
is though very strong but has slightly remained at the same level of last year. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
My second question is on the ESOP cost. So, according to our calculations, given 
the grant date and the exercise price, the non-cash component we calculated to be 
around Rs.60 crore in FY'22 and around Rs.75 crore in FY'23. Is that the right 
number? Of course, the fair value would be dependent on Black-Scholes but ballpark 
is it in the right direction? 
Vijay Bhatt: 
I think this number we are also just going to get calculated based on this Black-
Scholes but more or less I think it should be in this range, I mean, exact number we 
haven't also calculated. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
So, brands are quite hard to find and expensive to acquire in India. So, what's the 
ROC profile that you're looking at when you are looking at your inorganic strategy 
going forward -- is this going to be ROC-dilutive? 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Vijay Bhatt: 
From an inorganic strategy perspective, things are very opportunistic. At this stage 
difficult for us to comment on how that essentially impacts our ROC profile. One thing 
which we can assure you is that when we look at these acquisitive options, we are 
really end of the day looking at value creation and synergies which can come from a 
revenue side or operating synergies. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Can you just share any threshold limit for this? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Not at this stage. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
What's the net cash as on June? 
Vijay Bhatt: 
I think I'd already mentioned in my earlier reply to Rahul that exact number is not 
available with me, but I think it is very close to about 180, 200 crore because there 
are no major cash expense within this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alroy Lobo from Kotak Investment Advisors 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Alroy Lobo: 
I just wanted to check, KKR normally gets very involved with providing strategic 
inputs to some of your group entities, in all companies they invest in. Is it the same 
with J.B. Chemicals and if so is there any kind of expense that is being paid to any 
KKR-related entity for providing such strategic inputs, and so what is the quantum? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
We would not like to get into details in terms of expense, but KKR conceptually have 
invested in this business; they have got 54% stake and they have got the right 
management in place, and at the end of the day it's a combination of collaboration 
which works and we have got four guys from KKR on the board and it's a combination 
of KKR and the independent board members from where we get the guidance for the 
right purpose, otherwise the management team is fully responsible for running the 
business. And equally from an opportunity perspective as KKR has a global network, 
we look forward for help in terms of how we can enhance our entire work in the world 
of contract manufacturing, we also look at from a perspective of how we can fasten 
the opportunity which is available in the form of M&A and that is where we stand from 
a perspective of how KKR comes in. 
Kunal Khanna: 
Just to add specifically there is no real cash paid to KKR, nothing like that. 
Alroy Lobo: 
So, all these inputs are basically part of their equity stake that they have in the 
company, they bring expertise to the table with no cash outgo to any other KKR-
related entity? 
Kunal Khanna: 
See, very clearly, as Nikhil stated, their strategic guidance will always be there, they 
being the largest investor and again clarifying no fees in any form. 
Alroy Lobo: 
Could you just comment on Metrogyl in terms of price trends, how are you seeing 
that product shape up and going forward? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Metrogyl, what we saw was good kind of demand picking up in Q1. As far as the 
pricing is concerned, the reviewed price was already factored in the base from last 
financial year. For us it's a very-very important product. We are looking at life cycle 
management of Metrogyl across various SKUs and we will continue to build on this 
flagship brand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naresh Vaswani from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Naresh Vaswani: 
So, how much of our total manufacturing is currently outsourced and what was our 
overall capacity utilization in Q1? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Our capacity utilization remains close to 65% to 70% and the outsource which is 
majorly for India market remains close to 25% to 30%, that is where we stand. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
On the international business, you mentioned in the other commentary, but why 
some markets have been impacted due to COVID and not South Africa and US, if 
you can help me with some color on that? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
In some of the Southeast Asian markets and African markets, the timing of the 
COVID wave was conceptually starting close to month of June and if you look at 
South Africa and US, they already are in the regular flow and the business was less 
disrupted, that is how we see Q1 going. And this conceptually happens when you 
operate in different geographies across the globe. So, you will have a combination 
of headwind and tailwind and that is how the business performs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Julie Mehta from Mount Infra Finance. Please 
go ahead. 
Julie Mehta: 
What is the contribution from the top five brands if you'll be able to help me with that? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
It's close to 75% and when you talk of top five brands these are not top five brands, 
these are conceptually 30 different SKUs and these top five brands which comprises 
of 30 different SKUs go to different variety of specialties in different geographies of 
the country. So, that is what I admire about the company that we have done the right 
life cycle management of this brand at the right time which is fetching us good results 
and we are able to deliver market-beating performance. 70% are domestic. 
Julie Mehta: 
How was the growth like from those brands? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
All those brands grew at a healthy pace of around 20%, 25%-plus and quarter-to-
quarter are only gaining market share and delivering market-beating performance, 
conceptually they are leader from a market share of 40% to 70%. 
Julie Mehta: 
Going forward what is the vision for the domestic market? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
I shared that in my commentary, the domestic market will help us in driving market-
beating performance which is a combination of big brands that we have and this 
market beating-performance will also be supported by some of the newer initiatives 
that we have taken by launching couple of new divisions and around eight to ten new 
brands. 
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Gagan Thareja from Kotak and that will be the last 
question for the day. 
Gagan Thareja: 
My first question is around Rantac pricing. I think three SKUs have been qualified 
under the policy for a price increase. Those three SKUs would constitute how much 
of your Rantac franchise in India? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Close to 70% to 80%. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Would it be reasonable to assume that going ahead those three SKUs would become 
more or less the entire coverage of Rantac franchise for you let's say going ahead 
by FY'23 or so? 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, we have around seven to eight SKUs in Rantac and there are different products, 
position at different facilities we have got Rantac OD brand which is conceptually 
incremental innovative product which we continue to focus in the clinic of 
gastroenterologists, cardiologists, orthopedics and also beside this traditional brands 
of Rantac, we have got Rantac MPS Syrup which is for pediatrics specialty. So, the 
composition will continue to remain the same because these two brands are much 
more progressive and much more prescription-oriented. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Have you seen new entrants in Ranitidine or maybe a more increased sort of focus 
of presence from existing peer suppliers in the Ranitidine portfolio? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
There are a couple of brands which are in the market in the field of Ranitidine and 
they have their own strategy to focus and there will be two to three brands in the 
world of generic generics also, but every company has their own strategy in terms of 
how they would like to play the entire opportunity in the field whenever they take it 
from a prescription, whether it is a prescription product, whether it is a generic 
generics play. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Cilicar and Nicardia are your pivotal brands and you've demonstrated very healthy 
volume growth in these brands and you also indicate that the runway is still long 
there. If you could give us some idea of the market size and the evolution of how 
Amlodipine versus Clinidipine fair from a therapeutic standpoint, are you seeing 
continuous shift from Amlodipine to Clinidipine, if you could give us some sense of 
how this market is evolving, it would be very helpful? 
Kunal Khanna: 
See, first of all just to give an indication of size of the opportunity just in terms of 
incidence and the patient pool which is on therapy, we are talking about almost 350 
million hypertensive potential patient pool and only 140 to 150 million being on some 
form of therapy. So, there is a big, big opportunity still to shape therapy and expand 
the patient flow. With respect to its comparison with the other competitor Amlodipine, 
we believe that both have their own strengths and both have their own place in the 
treatment protocol. Clinidipine has its own strengths. Where Clinidipine really scores 
is that it has a very limited side effect profile with respect to renal complications and 
that's where it's a preferred choice. As we look at how do we really need to expand 
on our antihypertensive basket, we are very clear of the Clinidipine advantages and 
where it needs to play irrespective of the other molecules. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for their closing comments. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
I would like to thank all the participants for patient hearing in whatever capacity we 
were able to answer all the questions. Just would like to conclude that the outlook 
for the business for the rest of the rest of the year remains positive and we see 
continuing growth momentum while continuing our cost efficiency initiatives. Also, 
the fundamentals remains in place where we are well positioned to drive long-term 
value growth for all our stakeholders based on sustainable gains from our key 
strategic initiatives. Also, I would like to wish all the participants, be safe, be healthy 
and all of you if you have got one dose of vaccination, conceptually, the second dose 
of vaccination should be taken at the right time because that is how we will be able 
to get out of this entire pandemic of COVID which the entire world has been facing. 
Thank you, all for patient hearing. 
Jason D'Souza: 
Thank you, everyone. With this, we will end the J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals 
Earnings Call. 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
