Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | 102, Wellington Business Park-I, Off Andheri Kurla Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059 
Communication Office |P 659, 6th floor, Tower C, JMD Megapolis, Sohna Road, Sector – 48, Gurgaon:122018 
(P) 0124-4992914 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990MH1994PLC080451 
 
 
 
 
AIL/SE/RCT/Q1/2021-22 
 
 
 
 
 
                September 1, 2021 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G 
Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended June 30, 2021 
conducted on August 9, 2021 at 10:00AM IST 
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 
August 9, 2021 at 10:00AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the first quarter ended June 
30, 2021. 
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

 
This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
Q1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 9, 2021 at 10:00AM IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairman, Managing Director 
& Chief Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer 
of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Rahul Jain – Dolat Capital Market Private Limited 
 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle (India) Limited Q1 
FY2022 earnings conference call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you Stanford. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, we 
welcome you all to the Q1 FY2022 conference call of Affle (India) Limited. I take 
this opportunity to welcome the management of Affle (India) Limited, 
represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum, who is Chairman, Managing Director and 
CEO of the Company and Mr. Kapil Bhutani who is the Chief Financial and 
Operations Officer of the Company. Before we begin the discussion, I would like 
to remind you that some of the statements made in today’s conference call maybe 
forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to 
slide 21 of the company’s earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer. I will 
now handover the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening remarks. Over 
to you, Anuj. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of you 
are keeping in good health. 
 
We celebrated our 2nd IPO anniversary on August 8, 2021 and what better way to 
mark the anniversary than to conclude the quarter with our highest revenue, 
highest conversions, highest CPCU rate and highest cash on our balance sheet 
anchoring our continued focus on sustainable long term value creation. We 
achieved approximately 70% year-on-year revenue growth in Q1, comprehensively 
beating our Q1 CAGR growth trend of 41% which is well above the industry average 
growth trends. 
We attained 152crore+ quarterly revenue and further strengthened our position 
in the ecosystem with enhanced platform and product capabilities across the 
global emerging markets. Our Affle2.0 strategy anchored on the 2Vs is enabling 
us to unlock innovative vernacular consumer experiences in partnership with 
mobile OEMs and operators across emerging markets and driving deeper 
verticalization for our advertisers across the E, F, G and H industry verticals. As 
a result, our Direct customers contribution has grown to 71% of our revenue in Q1 
FY2022.  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
3 
 
Our investments across products and platforms are performing well, contributing 
meaningfully to overall growth and enabling us to consistently stay ahead of the 
curve by fortifying our market position. Our scalable platforms have consistently 
delivered profitable outcomes, resulting in healthy margins and positive cash flow 
from operations. 
The world is undergoing a paradigm shift with accelerated connected experiences 
redefining the digital priorities of the advertisers globally and specially across 
emerging markets. We are optimistic of the emerging industry trends and we 
continue to disrupt both traditional and digital marketing business models by 
leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to drive user 
engagements and conversions across the connected devices. We pride ourselves 
for our differentiated ROI-linked CPCU business model and to elucidate this, we 
also included the overview of three emerging markets case studies in our Earnings 
Presentation for India, Indonesia and Malaysia. We look forward to taking you 
through our platforms and case studies during the Analysts & Investors Day that 
we plan to organize later this year.    
 
Affle delivered a broad-based growth coming from both India & International 
markets. Our CPCU business noted a strong momentum delivering 31.5 million 
user conversions during the quarter, an increase of 85.0% y-o-y at a healthy Rs.42 
CPCU rate. Our India and International contribution balanced at about 50:50 
each, will see a change in favour of International from the next quarter due to 
the consolidation of Jampp and our greater on-ground presence in LATAM. Our 
efforts towards enhancing our teams globally and building local on-ground 
presence in key international geographies are paying off well and will augment 
the next level of growth in the long-run. 
Also in this quarter, while India faced a devastating second wave of Covid-19, the 
resilient nature of our business enabled our positive growth trajectory. I am 
extremely grateful to all the Afflers who not only ensured continuity of growth 
business plans but also helped the company provide support to local communities 
during such times of crisis. 
Affle is committed to nurturing a culture that drives innovation, thought 
leadership and collective growth. Keeping with our trend of recognitions & 
accolades, Affle which is already a ‘Great Place to Work’ certified, also received 
a special Badge of Honour of - “Commitment To Being a Great Place to Work”. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
4 
 
We are focused on our strategic goals by executing on our long-term priorities 
and investing wisely. We are also proactively adopting ESG to deliver all-round 
sustainable growth to all our stakeholders. With that, I now handover this 
discussion to our CFO, Kapil Bhutani to discuss the financials. Thank you and over 
to you, Kapil! 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you Anuj. Wishing everyone a good day and hope all of you are keeping 
safe and well. 
                             
I would like to thank our investors for supporting the company during the QIP. 
Our strong cash flows and balance sheet with highest cash balances as of date 
will ensure that the company continues to invest to drive long-term sustainable 
growth through innovation, market expansion and consolidation.  
  
In Q1 FY2022, the Company reported Revenue from Operations of Rs. 1,525 
million, a growth of 69.8% year-on-year. Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 
351 million, an increase of 56.0% year-on-year. In terms of Opex, Inventory and 
Data cost was at 58.0% of Revenue from Operations, in line with the previous 
annual trend. 
You would have noticed that our Employee cost sequentially increased by 14.5%. 
This trend continues from the past few quarters as we are enhancing our teams 
to deepen our access across the global emerging markets. 
We made additional investments during this quarter in our strategic minority 
investment, which  continues to do well and we recorded gain on fair valuation 
of our investments during the quarter.  
To provide clarity on our business operations, we have Normalized Profit After 
Tax for the one-time items, in our Earnings Presentation uploaded on the Stock 
Exchanges. Our Profit After Tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 357 million, a year-
on-year increase of 90.3%. Normalized Profit After Tax after adjusting for the gain 
on investments was Rs. 295 million, an increase of 57.2% year-on-year. 
We remain focused on working capital management and even during the second-
wave of Covid in India, our collection efforts were resilient. Our cash flow from 
operations was Rs. 396 million and the Operating Cash Flows-to-PAT Ratio was 
134.2%. This shows the quality of our customers and the robustness of our 
operations.  
With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Questions. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
5 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations on a strong quarter and touching the record CPCU rate & 
conversions. Could you enlighten us on how our business is shaping on dimensions 
such as a change in privacy policy and an increasing shift of digital media budget? 
Also, is there any specific vertical within the E-F-G-H category that is driving our 
momentum and the pricing trend both in terms of our CPCU and the inventory 
cost across key markets? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you for your questions. Our privacy policy has been mentioned in the Jampp 
specific investor call also and we had a good discussion on the same. We see this 
as a long-term trend, which has already got some history to it. The personal data 
protection act in Singapore or GDPR in Europe has been around for several years. 
These regulations provide the consumers with an opt-in and opt-out mechanism 
at any point in time, which the digital ecosystem must honor and comply with it 
from regulatory requirements perspective. When we further see the privacy 
policies, their impact and what is happening on the larger internet-specific 
ecosystems - let’s say iOS, Android, browser and on the cookies. First and 
foremost, we need to look at the fundamentals of the business. The fundamentals 
are like - the consumers are on the digital screen and the advertisers are 
comprehensively shifting their budget towards digital. The regulation says that 
all ecosystem players need to respect the consumers data and deal with it 
responsibly. They need to take consent, store it, share it properly and not misuse 
it. Thus, this is the overall framework within which Apple took a stance many 
years ago. Google also responded years later and but still has not done anything 
on the cookies yet. However, the ecosystem is responding to these larger trends. 
Affle’s business is deeply insulated from any browser or cookies in browser-
related issues as our business is not dependent on them. While our privacy policy 
is comprehensive and will cover it, but the investors need to know that Affle’s 
business is deeply anchored on the in-app & on-device ecosystem and on emerging 
markets where the consumers are decisively using android as their platform of 
choice. Therefore, iOS impact on emerging markets is minuscule. So overall 
Affle’s business is deeply anchored on the on-device and the in-app ecosystem. 
The on-device ecosystem works in partnership with OEMs & carriers and there is 
a fair amount of control with the OEMs & carriers, beyond just accepting a 
standard version of android. OEMs and carriers have control over the version of 
OS, the experience and what happens on the device. We are deeply partnered 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
6 
 
with operators and OEMs around the world to ensure we have a shared influence 
on the ecosystem play and our strong position there.  
We are also looking at the android ecosystem closely and how Google has 
responded to the cookies, which has been an issue for many years. We know that 
the cookies on android or Google ecosystems will have some variation in 2023 or 
beyond. What is going to happen to the devices? What is already happening on 
iOS? Apple rolled out certain changes that require clear consent from the 
consumer on iOS devices and in the digital ecosystem, most of the larger 
companies that have reported results have done phenomenally well. They are all 
anchored in a market like North America where iOS contribution is almost 50% of 
the total market share. Therefore, the digital spends of the advertisers continue 
to grow in developed markets as well as in emerging markets, irrespective of the 
need for greater consent. Affle’s overall position and outlook is that every single 
jurisdiction in the world and digital platform will need to comply with privacy 
regulations. We have already got our platform credited at the Singapore standard 
with respect to the Personal Data Protection Act, Singapore and other aspects 
and are ready for these regulations to come across emerging markets like  India, 
Indonesia, Africa, and LATAM markets. All of these jurisdictions in the next 3-4 
years will have some regulatory policy and/or opting mechanisms on iOS and 
android. However, the fundamentals of business are like: The consumers have a 
choice of opting-in, take ads and enjoy the app/service for free or reject and be 
willing to pay. The balance of trends would lie in favor of a lot of consumers 
especially the youth as well as rural consumers who will continue to fuel the next 
billion devices and in my view, they will necessarily go for opting in. The trend 
will simply see the advertisers and consumers going for digital advertising and 
provide the necessary options and compliances. In terms of digital budget shifts, 
the consumers are married to their connected digital devices. The advertisers will 
need to shift at least 50% of their total ad spends on digital devices across 
emerging markets and we will see a continuous CAGR growth in digital advertising 
spends.  
In terms of our focus on which vertical will deliver better growth, our top 10 
resilient verticals across the E, F, G, and H category on which Affle has anchored 
over 90% of the business are seeing consistent growth. Large or small advertisers 
in these industry verticals are adopting digital much faster than what was seen 
previously and that is reflected in our growth. The advertisers want more and are 
bringing in more budgets. The innovations that we are delivering are not just new 
online conversions but repeat online conversations also. We are also seeing offline 
conversations and some of the case studies that have been mentioned in our 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
7 
 
recent earnings presentation will give you some flavour of what is happening and 
where it is headed.  
In terms of achieving Rs. 42 CPCU, which is our highest and is quite comforting 
given that volumes are growing. We got record numbers of conversions that are 
notionally higher, but still important to sustain Rs.42 CPCU. As we expand our 
business more in the international markets and make certain verticals focused 
impact on developed markets, the CPCU rate will see a positive upward lift 
progressively due to market dynamics and mix. We are in a value-driven business 
and not a cost-plus business model. We look at ROI-linked value creation for the 
advertisers and are fundamentally adding value to our customers. Therefore, we 
command a fair share of that back. As volumes continue to grow, we will keep 
pushing our ability to extract higher CPCU rates from the advertisers. I am bullish 
about the overall trend, sustainability of our growth and the bottom-line 
performance over the long term. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks. The CPCU will increase due to the higher international exposure. Will it 
be applicable to Jampp integration as well? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Absolutely. Jampp is largely present in LATAM and America across certain key 
industry verticals. Our platform would comprehensively enhance Jampp’s 
capability to go for deeper funnel conversions and ROI-linked business models.  
This will not only help improve the CPCU rate but Jampp‘s margins & profitability 
as well, over time. As we continue to do so, and as already done with Appnext 
and Mediasmart, which includes not just acquiring but fundamentally adding 
value to these platforms/businesses at an operational level, focusing on the 
bottom-line and margin performance. Our organization is deeply focused, we will 
continue to negotiate and fight not only for growth but also for defending margins 
and delivering cash flow positive performance as can been seen consistently. 
Therefore, this is what will impact the lives of Jampp and we will see great 
outcomes in the current financial year itself. 
Rahul Jain: 
I appreciate that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohan Kumar from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohan Kumar: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. My question is threefold. Firstly, as we had a 
strong Q1, what is the organic growth rate that we can expect for this year? Will 
Jampp have a better run rate than they had reported last year ? The final question 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
8 
 
is on connected TV apps, we have signed a number of clients over the last couple 
of months and with Jampp giving us in-roads into the US where connected TV is a 
bigger ecosystem. Can we expect a larger growth rate over that over the next 
year? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Great questions. Indeed, Q1 was a fantastic quarter for us. In our quarterly 
organic growth trends, Q3 is generally the peak of our performance in any given 
financial year followed by Q2 and then Q1. Q4 is somewhere between Q2 or Q1. 
Thus overall within this year, we should see healthy organic growth without 
Jampp. With Jampp getting added, first and foremost we will look at the unit 
economics of Jampp, next at what CPCU rate can they sell, what kind of 
conversion can we drive, extracting higher value on unit economics and turning 
Jampp fundamentally profitable at each unit economic assessment. Hence, then 
pressing the accelerator for growth because as an organization, we are looking 
for all-around well-balanced growth, where we drive not just revenue growth but 
also sensible bottom-line performance. This is how a strategic execution path will 
flow. We aim to grow Jampp better than what they did last year on top-line as 
well as improve the bottom line substantially.  Also, some guidance was given on 
the same in our Jampp specific call last time, mentioning our ambition and 
roadmap on this. With respect to the Connected TV, it is our organic investment 
into the connected TV product as we completed the market feasibility in 
partnership with certain customers and campaigns to ensure it is already revenue-
generating. Thus, we can run it profitably and in the emerging markets where 
Connected TV is still at a nascent stage currently.  We can safely be mentioned 
as the thought leaders, first movers in bringing it for the advertisers, partners, 
and the ecosystem. Our focus will continue to be on Connected TV across 
emerging markets because that has always been our first execution ground. Since 
we are emerging markets-focused, we will give it some time on when to take 
these new initiatives on to Jampp. Let us first ensure the core business of Jampp 
is upgraded with the Affle2.0 strategy on verticalization, going deeper on 
vernacular, operator OEMs, verticalizing it to move into CPCU business and the 
margin profile going. Once we solve and put Jampp on that growth trend, we 
could also incrementally either add Jampp or our on-ground presence in the 
developed markets for the connected TV. First, let us build Connected TV success 
in emerging markets as part of our strategy. That is how we are executing because 
this is our home ground and we are strong here. 
Mohan Kumar: 
Thanks a lot. Some follow-up questions. Since you mentioned that cash on the 
books is the highest it has ever been, do we still have some proceeds left from 
the QIP? Can we expect an announcement of a deal over the next quarter or a 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
9 
 
sizeable acquisition in the near term? We have been reading a lot about the Indus 
OS battle that has phased out and request some clarity on where are we on Indus 
OS?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Having a strong balance sheet is important. It builds the confidence of investors 
and the team. Looking at the history of our company, all our investments were 
largely funded through internally accrued cash flows and I am proud of the 
discipline with which the organization has executed the same. Just because we 
have cash from QIB, there should be no added pressure to go ahead and deploy 
it. The reason why we did the QIP was, we already knew that Jampp was baking 
up and it would be useful as the timing was perfect. QIP was raised in the first 
week of May and the Jampp acquisition signing of the agreement was announced 
on June 9, 2021. Thus, we raised money just in time and deployed it efficiently 
in a sensibly balanced deal. Is there any other deal that will come? Certainly. Is 
there any time horizon this financial year or next financial year? We will wait and 
see, but we want you to know that calibrated strategic transactions are done 
carefully. We are deploying this money as if it is generated through internal 
accruals and cash flows. We are careful of how we deploy any investments 
whether internally or externally in organic acquisition. With respect to Indus OS, 
let us be clear that it was Affle (India) Limited’s call to fully exit its position from 
Indus OS and therefore, it carries zero risks concerning any legal tussles going on. 
Any battles that are being pursued are strictly being done by the promoter group 
companies i.e. Affle Global Pte. Ltd. I am not authorized to speak on that. Indus 
OS could have scripted a different story but it is what it is and Affle is going to 
be tough. We will continue to focus on our business and let Affle Global Pte. Ltd. 
handle and let the course of the laws of the land decide where it falls eventually. 
It is sufficient to say I am quite happy with where things are overall. 
Mohan Kumar: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers and all the best for future quarters. Thanks a 
lot.  
Kapil Bhutani:  
Just to clarify on one of your questions. There is no revenue from Jampp recorded 
in this quarter. Jampp consolidation will happen from July 1, 2021. The question 
asked somewhat made sense as though we have included one month of Jampp in 
our results but there is no Jampp inclusion in our current quarter results. 
Mohan Kumar: 
Got it. We closed the acquisition at the end of June and we got one month to get 
some clarity on how Jampp will playout for the rest of the year. That is why I 
asked for the full year visibility. Thanks for the clarity. All the best! 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
10 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Mantri from Moonshot 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Mantri: 
Good morning. Thanks Anuj, for a great set of numbers and congratulations to 
your team on delivering a consistently good outcome. A small question on what 
is the churn rate of our customers? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Let us answer that with two lenses. Affle has an ROI-linked CPCU business model 
which means we work with customers and campaigns with a clear disclaimer to 
drive their campaign to the extent, healthy conversions with consumers are seen. 
If any advertisement campaigns are on board and Affle keeps advertising them 
but the consumers are not getting converted for that particular advertiser, Affle 
would go back to the advertiser and can refuse to run their business as there 
aren’t enough conversions with consumers happening. As we are a consumer 
platform company, we have a wide base of access and reach to the consumers. 
The advertisers whose campaigns are performing well can see ROI linkage. 
Therefore, there is an extremely high recurrence and retention rate. Having said 
that, we do not promise any customer minimum conversions on a recurrent basis 
because of the nature of our business model. We go for driving the campaign and 
see how the consumers convert, respond and optimize for maximizing it but there 
is no minimum commitment with an advertiser. The advertisers who have been 
working with us multi-years and Q-o-Q have benefited from the ROIs they 
generate by the conversions we drive. We see a strong retention trend. We did 
not give any specific numbers but this time we had given an important trend 
which is a mega trend in our industry. The trend which is important to us and we 
monitor it closely is related to the direct customer's growth powered on the E-F-
G-H categories. This means that the number of advertisers who are working 
directly with Affle and not through other intermediaries or agencies, whose first-
party data we are receiving contributes about 71% of our revenue. This used to 
be about 57% in FY2020. Over the last two and a half years, a systematic shift is 
seen where we can work directly with our advertisers. The trend has established 
more during the COVID times where the advertisers directly work with our 
platforms. It is a  healthy trend and should give you an idea about the quality of 
the customers. Also, the cash flows should indicate that we are largely collecting 
a significant amount of our profits in cash. Thus, it is a good quality of business 
overall. 
Vikas Mantri: 
Can you provide the retention number?  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
11 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Let me work with the approval of our board and see when do we start revealing 
it consistently with respect to customer retention and cohorts. At the moment, 
we are where we are and I am trying to answer so one can derive comfort from 
the numbers that are already reported. 
Vikas Mantri: 
Thanks Anuj for making such a great company from India. The last question is that 
how many of our customers are VC funded and others are normal? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
This is a great question. I can give qualitative insight. Mostly, we are working with 
large enterprises and with a long chain of customers, but Affle operates with a 
comprehensive risk management framework. We do not take deep exposure with 
customers who are dependent on the next round of funding. Most of our customers 
are larger firms, who form a significant part of our revenue. Let us say that these 
companies are those that will still be around for the next five years.  Thus, we 
have a safe profile of customers. Before we take bigger business or volume and 
the growth from any customer, a risk assessment is done on the creditworthiness 
of that customer. One can be assured that when Affle reports its revenue, it does 
it with the lens of collecting.   
Vikas Mantri: 
Thanks a lot Anuj for doing great work and listing so early. We are beneficiaries 
of that. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishit Parikh from Nomura. Please 
go ahead. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Congratulations on good numbers. Few questions. One is on the Appnext 
ecosystem, the acquisition of DiscoverTech and investment in Bobble AI. Could 
you please help us understand what is happening in those areas? When can we 
expect traction from these acquisitions? Also, any color on monetization strategy 
would be helpful? I have follow-ups too. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
When we look overall at Affle’s business, I made two very distinct points and 
would like to revisit them. One was on-device engagements with consumers as 
part of our customer platform. What does on-device engagement mean? It means 
that we work with OEMs and operators to make sure that our software, ads, 
content and recommendations to consumers can be deeply integrated into the 
on-device experience of the user at multiple touchpoints across the journey of 
the consumer. This is done even before the consumer has launched a specific app 
installed by them and used on their devices. The second part of the ecosystem is 
called the in-app ecosystem. The in-app ecosystem is when we reach and engage 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
12 
 
with the customers while they use an app on their device. This means that we 
now need to work with the app developers through ad exchanges, programmatic 
traffic or premium app developers through direct integration of our SDKs or API 
server to server integration.  We have all the technologies to work on the in-app 
ecosystem. Both of these ecosystems are closely linked as the same consumer is 
around the same device and it is about a consumer’s journey. The consumer opens 
the device, navigates through it, finds an app, uses it and closes that app. The 
chain starts again by going back on the device and using another app or some 
other folder. As the consumer journey is a natural interconnect between on-
device experience and in-app experience and further back to on-device 
experience and the in-app experience. Within our plan in the Appnext ecosystem, 
we are focused on the OEMs, handset manufactures and emerging markets. We 
work with them to integrate our technology at various points on the device. The 
monetization strategy for both these ecosystems is similar. As far as the 
advertiser is concerned, they are sold ROI linked conversions. It does not matter 
to the advertiser whether the conversion is happening on the device or any other 
touchpoint. As long as we deliver a conversion which necessarily happens within 
the app of the advertiser and we earn our revenue. Monetization strategy is 
common but our reaching out to the consumer's strategy either on the device or 
in-app and it is blended perfectly. That is where our strategic differentiation lies. 
The question on acquisition and investment where DiscoverTech is a small 
acquisition we did in January 2021 and Bobble AI is a minority investment. We 
have doubled down on Bobble AI in the last quarter at the same time we had 
invested in the acquisition of Jampp. Both of these are strategic and we are 
seeing a great momentum. We have exclusive monetization capabilities through 
our platform on Bobble AI and are increasingly seeing greater monetization 
happening there. While DiscoverTech is small but is already seeing the impact as 
we had launched a global OOBE platform product in January 2021. It was done 
before the completion of the DiscoverTech acquisition. Thus, these are our 
growth variants and I am extremely bullish about them. We expect to beat the 
industry average growth progressively and consistently with all of these 
investments and products which have already proven to generate revenue. We 
have to consistently scale it one step at a time. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Do we have any revenue numbers from these investments or it is largely 
something which may come, let us say in Q2 to Q4? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The numbers are currently not significant. When they will become significant, we 
will update them. Overall, all these platforms are seeing great adoption in the 
ecosystem with partners. Most importantly, when compared with companies like 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
13 
 
Digital Turbine, Iron Source, or any private companies in this space, Affle can 
stand tall and vouch that our products and platforms address the end-to-end 
consumer platform and the consumer’s journey on the device as well as in-app 
like no other platform. We are deeply focused on emerging markets while none 
of these companies are anchored on the emerging markets. Affle has an extremely 
strong moat and competitive advantage on these products and platforms for 
emerging markets. 
Rishit Parikh: 
A question on the privacy policy. Wanted to understand two parts to that story. 
Firstly, do you foresee these investments shifting towards areas where they have 
got first-party data? Secondly, when we look at one of the largest players in the 
US in the ad tech space, they have talked about investing in creating their own 
UID. We know that the risk is not as large in the android ecosystem as the iOS 
ecosystem but are we hedging our best through creating an alternative 
mechanism in case Google adopts something like that. Shall we play at it on a 
much larger scale?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The best way to get first-party data is to directly connect with OEMs, operators 
and advertisers. We have a strong footing there as a company. As far as first-
party data is concerned, our company is in a good position with respect to the 
first-party data, both with the advertisers and publishers. Most of the players get 
first-party data largely from the publisher side only and not from the advertisers. 
This is because they do not have a conversion business model. The biggest player 
referred by you is the Trade desk and they are launching their UID. A lot of their 
business is on PC and browser. Therefore, they had to do that. Even if some of 
the business is on mobile but a lot of the business is still mobile browser and 
cookie enabled. Hence, they are trying to de-risk from the cookie to have an ID 
that works together and the same applies to companies like Criteo. We have 
investment internally within our platform and have a unique identifier. Are we 
going to open it up for the ecosystem or are we going to do something bigger on 
that front?  We will reserve the options for later. It would be sufficient to say in 
terms of first-party engagement with both advertisers and publishers, we are in 
good stead and we do not see budgets necessarily shifting in one direction or 
another. It will be broad based. Digital advertising spends are expected to grow 
in every single bucket of digital advertising that one can see globally. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Last question. If we were to look at the employee expenses, we have expanded 
over the last 3-4 quarters. Since we are expanding our on-ground presence across 
several markets, when do we expect the benefits to start from those investments?  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
14 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The benefit is already there. When you start investing and putting people on the 
ground in different markets or on different products, it shows in the OPEX of the 
P&L and also those markets start delivering greater revenue over time. The 
second half of this financial year will support the organic growth trend by having 
people on the ground and see a consistent pattern in our performance. There 
should be a good balance between investing organically as well as consolidation 
opportunities on fair value and attractive valuation basis as and when the 
opportunity comes. The summary point is that all our investments are done in a 
carefully calibrated manner. They are done with a view not only for long-term 
return but the turnaround within the financial year too. Thus, there is a balance 
of immediate outcomes as well as long-term returns on a sustainable basis. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal & Broacha. Please 
go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on a great performance. My 
question is on the margin. Is the margin weakness purely attributable to the 
increase in employee count because even our CPCU rates have improved? Could 
you shed some light on the margin weakness on Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The EBITDA margins are about 2% down from the previous quarter and 
approximately 1.5% margin impact can be attributed to the employee expense. 
While our Gross Profit margins were stable, the primary contributor is the 
increase in employee cost. 
Mayank Babla: 
What would be the equilibrium level of margins going ahead. Any qualitative 
guidelines on the same? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We believe we should be able to sustain at the current level of margins i.e. about 
25% EBITDA without adding inorganic numbers into it. Organically, we are 
comfortable with 25% of the EBITDA margin. 
Mayank Babla: 
What is the latest employee count? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
It is around 420 plus. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I would like to mention that 420 plus is based on the full-time employees who are 
in the direct employment contract with the company. We also have certain 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
15 
 
functions where people are on contract or outsourced. It is not the full reflection 
of the workforce, but the employee count answer can be best given to this extent.  
Mayank Babla: 
Last question to Anuj. It was mentioned in the Jampp call that we would transition 
from CPI to CPCU model. What is the process and challenges in these conversions? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
For Jampp, moving towards the CPCU business model would mean going to the 
advertisers and taking the ROI-linked deeper funnel KPIs. The advertisers then 
would share deeper first-party data with respect to conversions. Hence, it 
requires educating the entire team on its selling, positioning and certain 
integration on the cloud computing tech side. This includes receiving and 
processing that data effectively using the data science algorithms and optimizing 
it towards greater outcomes. Thus, linking it to Affle core platforms and cloud 
computing efficiencies with which Affle manages the higher volume of data and 
optimizations. These are the two broad things that need to be done. Once it is 
done, then next is about execution and optimization from one vertical to another 
vertical and one market to another market. Within this financial year, we expect 
to achieve that with Jampp. We have completed the acquisition on 1st July which 
means we have nine more months of this financial year to try and achieve and 
see good outcomes not only with respect to growth but on the bottom line as 
well. Jampp alone on a standalone basis would not be able to reach the kind of 
bottom-line performance what Affle would optimize for them. They will show 
clear signs of improvement now versus their previous trend. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you so much Anuj and Kapil.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajamohan V., a professional 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Rajamohan V: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers as well as the consistent delivery of 
your promises. Wanted to understand the broad perspective of the open internet 
to walled gardens as it can be seen playing over the next 5 years. Are we seeing 
increased momentum in the open internet market when compared to walled 
gardens especially since the last 3 years of Apple’s privacy policy? Also, if it is 
true that the open internet space is gaining momentum, and since you 
consistently talk about the huge 10 billion connected devices opportunity for Affle 
over the next 10 years. Do you see the existing digital cycle to have become more 
structurally pronounced especially after the pandemic? In this light, are we more 
confident of hitting 10 billion devices than when we had initially set this target? 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
16 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
That is a great question. Thank you for keeping the emphasis on long-term 
strategy and bringing the 10 billion connected devices vision and goal of our 
company in line to the Affle2.0 strategy for this decade. Let us go with the 
definitions first, what is open internet and walled garden? The walled garden was 
a term that was coined with the respect to the value-added services where 
operators were saying that only if the product is on our WAP site or the operator's 
portal, only then the consumer can use/consume/purchase it or the billing will 
also be controlled by the operator. It was meant for a different sort of industry. 
The same terminology is now being applied by several people on Facebook, 
Google and Apple. The ecosystem sees them as closed or has more walled 
gardens. Some of the other companies that do not work with Google and Facebook 
or are trying to compete with them in their space, let us say – The TradeDesk, 
they coined the term open-internet and we support an open-internet. The way 
We see it is fundamentally from the perspective of where the consumer is 
focused. This business is not about the advertisers or where Google and Facebook 
are but it is really about where the consumer is. If the consumer spends time on 
a device or within apps or on certain apps which are now labeled as walled 
garden, it is the consumer's choice. Depending on where the consumer is spending 
more time, the advertising budget will eventually normalize over there. For 
example, If all of us decide to only go with a walled garden and only use Google 
and Facebook and nothing else. What will happen? The advertiser's budget will 
necessarily gravitate to the walled gardens only. If the consumers decide not to 
use Google or Facebook and instead plans to spend a lot of time on the open 
internet apps and experiences, the budget would then shift over there. From an 
emerging markets lens, Indian consumers' demographic profiles are either heavily 
youth-oriented or are increasingly rural audiences focused. They do not have any 
specific affinity towards let us say Facebook or Google per se. Though WhatsApp 
continues to remain important but things will change. In the next 5 years, 
something else could become more exciting for the consumers and their attention 
and time would shift. Affle takes a holistic stance on it. While most of our business 
comes from the open-internet side or the non-Google or Facebook side, we are 
also integrated with Google or Facebook and WhatsApp due to the consumers' 
presence there. Why should we stop going to the consumer if they are on walled 
gardens or the open-internet? We are a consumer platform and should not limit 
ourselves to target the consumer only when they are out of the walled garden. 
We will not stop targeting it when it goes into the walled garden. We are 
consumer-centric and will keep targeting the consumers right from the first time 
they buy a device till they change to another device. Also, wherever/whichever 
app they use on their device, Affle’s platform strives to reach and convert the 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
17 
 
consumers on all of those touchpoints without having any negative bias in any 
way. This is how we run our business. In terms of how the trends are evolving and 
goals towards 10 billion connected devices, we have clear strategies on that front. 
One, we are going deeper into vernacular strategies, partnering and investing 
with OEMs and operators in that space. We have invested in moving beyond the 
mobile device to other connected devices such as Connected TV very early. Also, 
we are one of the first companies in India and other emerging markets to bring 
Connected TV as a proposition/product where advertisers can come and adapt 
together and stay ahead of the curve. Also, with our launched Household Sync ID 
internally which we did not do in a big fashion, the advertisers can come and 
target certain locations and households with our technology. This means there 
could be ten devices within the household, two laptops, five mobile devices and 
maybe two connected TVs over time and this could be a phenomenon where we 
target a certain household for a product proposition. We have invested in these 
capabilities organically and are confident that these will see a massive shift in 
the direction of reaching out to more connected devices by launching into other 
emerging markets like Africa & LATAM and strengthening presence in other 
emerging markets in the next five years. We will also try to see when we should 
enter China as this is all lined up towards the 10 billion connected devices mark. 
In our earnings presentation, a 3rd party research number is quoted which 
mentions the coming of 6 billion new connected devices by 2025. My confidence 
is high and the commitment is strong towards achieving the Affle2.0 goal of 
reaching 10 billion devices over time. 
Rajamohan V: 
Final question. On operative leverage, we have indicated a natural scope of 
improving CPCU through internationalization and developed market penetration. 
Will this create opportunities for operating leverage improvement? Want to 
understand operating leverage in your existing businesses which have been at 
about 25 – 26%, can we say that we have reached the maximum in operating 
leverage in our existing businesses or is there a scope to further improve it? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Let me give you a sense quickly. The unit economics of our business is to make 
100 dollars of revenue. We roughly invest about 60 dollars of that 100 dollars and 
fully expense out in inventory & data cost in our P&L. We want all the investors 
to know that a good part of the data which is actually an investment, but it is not 
reflected on the balance sheet and rather fully expensed out in P&L. But we 
consistently invest to have deeper vernacular verticals and platforms that aim for 
greater growth going forward. Thus, this approx. 60% is a consistent investment 
and after expensing out, about 40% plus is left. Within that, we charge all our 
operating expenses and taxes. We see a profit after tax in a range of about 19-

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
18 
 
20%. Therefore, have we maximized the operating leverage for our organic 
business? The answer is no. As we continue to scale, you will see that the 
operating expenses may not necessarily grow as fast as the revenue growth 
organically and therefore, there will be a margin expansion. However, because 
of the acquisitions we have done for companies like Mediasmart, Appnext or the 
prior ones. All of them were not profitable at the time of acquisition and were at 
the verge of breakeven. They were not burning but were also not adding to our 
bottom-line. We acquired them at the appropriate valuation which was a good 
transaction for them and for us. Affle has consistently worked on turning them 
around on the unit economics one step at a time and making them profitable in 
year 1 and more profitable in year 2, to bring them to the same level of efficiency 
as Affle’s core businesses. Even with these acquisitions, our PAT margin is 
consistently in line and appropriately balanced as the organic business margins 
were expanding while the inorganic was averaging it down. We see similar 
patterns with Jampp this year. Since Jampp is a bigger transaction, the 
mathematics is getting added up but if we were to take a 3-year view,  we will 
bring every single business to the highest extraction level with respect to margin 
value creation. Any inorganic transaction that we map would add up and a new 
balance would be formed inching it up again to reach towards 25% EBITDA and 
higher. 
Rajamohan V: 
Understood and thank you very much for your detailed answer.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ruchi Burde from BOB Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ruchi Burde: 
Congratulation on a strong set of numbers. My question is about your direct 
customer business. Could you explain the factors that are driving this particular 
trend of elimination of ad agencies?  A follow-up to that is will this trend manifest 
into more sales and marketing efforts for Affle? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Great question. Looking at the positives of this trend set which are: having a 
direct integration with your customer, invoicing them directly, contracting them 
directly and collecting from them directly has huge advantages in itself. Agency 
business is a very important business and a different proposition. A lot of the 
large global companies are mandated to work with agencies. They have to use 
the agencies for all their advertising touchpoint. Therefore, the agencies are 
important partners for Affle. We are a neutral entity as far as this trend is 
concerned. We are receiving this trend with open arms as it comes in favor of 
digital direct advertisers wanting to work with tech platforms directly like Affle. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
19 
 
Also, we have been a beneficiary of the trend, but have we been the catalyst to 
make that trend happen? The answer is no. We continue to be best friends with 
the agency groups and would never create channel conflicts with them. We are 
not concerned if the advertiser is with the agency or not as we are neutral. When 
we work with the agencies, we treat them as our direct customers same as when 
we work with the end advertisers as direct customers. We respect that 
relationship just as well. Does that mean we have to invest more? In some cases 
yes, because when we work with agencies, there may be 10, 15 or 20 customer 
apps being promoted and when we work with each one of them directly, we get 
to contract differently. Nonetheless, the end campaign is for the advertiser and 
we mandate our team to ensure that the relationship is two-fold as some 
advertisers may work with agencies once they get bigger and some advertisers 
may not need an agency and can go direct.  Thus, to make sure that the end 
relationship with the customer as well as the intermediary agencies is strong, we 
invest both ways. There is no dramatic change in the cost structure with respect 
to sales and account management for direct customers versus the agency-based 
indirect customers. 
Ruchi Burde: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree Consultancy. 
Please go ahead. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Wanted to know the margin compression in the international business Q-o-Q. It 
was mentioned that it is due to the employee cost but there is a significant more 
than 50% drop in the international business Q-o-Q. Any reason for that?  
Kapil Bhutani: 
International business is an aggregation of different geographies. Different 
geographies have a different margin span. As the cyclic effect of all those 
geographies happens, there is a certain amount of compression on the margin in 
certain geographies and that will improve over time. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Is there too much change in the geographies mix Q-o-Q leading to this kind of 
margin compression or what is it like? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
It is not only the cyclic effect but also certain campaigns that give higher margins 
or higher ROIs or lower margins. It is a combination of all. We believe them as 
fair numbers at the moment and we endeavor to increase the margins in the 
international markets. We should appreciate the fact that we are not fully 
grounded on our feet on international markets. There is a need to invest by giving 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
20 
 
away some margins in certain geographies and those investments are built into 
the margins as we try to expand in those geographies. We are better grounded in 
India and not so well in all International markets. The employee expense is being 
incurred in those markets to improve our geographical presence and the margins. 
The combined factors are to be taken forward. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
The current margins in this quarter are sustainable and which we will try to 
improve. Is that you mean, right? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
These are sustainable margins and we look forward to expanding our market reach 
in the international market.  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
As we increase our volume and scale in the international markets, greater 
efficiencies will come in. When we enter new markets or within existing markets 
to open a new vertical, we work with the advertisers and try to drive the 
conversion for those advertisers in new verticals and we need to invest. The data 
and inventory cost that we expense out every quarter has a good element of 
investment in that. About 10% of the total data and inventory cost is not because 
of its ability to drive conversion but invested to learn, optimize and deliver 
greater growth going forward. Thus, we have a good element of investment in 
the P&L itself, which is fully expensed out. As we expand to new verticals and 
geographies, we will still maintain an overall balance in terms of our business and 
not running the company for only maximizing the bottom-line. We are investing 
where the investments are well deserved and that will show over time. As we 
scale our business in more international geographies, we will see the margin 
profile moving back and greater operating leverage coming on a consolidated 
basis. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
One small clarification. Have we been talking with the exchanges regarding the 
ASM issue? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
With regards to this, the exchange does not discuss ASM issues. They do provide 
full transparency on the ASM issue though we have reached out to the exchanges, 
their automated system plugs out the 8-10 parameters and works around with 
that parameters. We do not have full transparency on the ASM issues from the 
exchanges.  
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Okay thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 09, 2021 
 
21 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you everyone for joining today and for your detailed questions. I would like 
to conclude this meeting by stating that your company Affle is stronger, not just 
in terms of the financial outcomes of this quarter, but fundamentally and 
strategically with a long-term view. Also, we are much stronger on our product, 
platforms, people, balance sheet, cash position and all of it together including 
corporate governance. We have adopted the ESG proactively and taken all the 
efforts that are necessary to be a well-governed company and deliver all-around 
sustainable growth to all our stakeholders. Thank you for your time and I look 
forward to our next engagement. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thanks everybody and stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dolat Capital that concludes 
this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
                  ***end*** 
 
