                                                                                      
 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
A Joint Venture with Standard Life Investments 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2021-22/45                                                                        Date – July 23, 2021 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call Q1FY-22 conducted on July 16, 2021 
Please find enclosed the transcript of Q1 FY22 Earnings Call conducted after the meeting of the Board of 
Directors on July 16, 2021 which can also be accessed on the website of the Company at:  
https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-presentation  
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
Sylvia Furtado 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
 
SLYVIA 
GREGORY 
FURTADO
Digitally signed by SLYVIA GREGORY FURTADO 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0132, 
pseudonym=d888f2fb059bed0c8f40d135908f84db5b
634a4f69c28f4186c28e1ea6b93c0b, 
postalCode=400103, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=c657741e7c20647b09c19a36b505d108
588ea658a47cf934129cd9fc4d51aa71, cn=SLYVIA 
GREGORY FURTADO 
Date: 2021.07.23 17:14:34 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 58 
 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited Q1 FY 
2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HDFC AMC LIMITED 
MR. PIYUSH SURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
HDFC AMC LIMITED 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER, HDFC AMC LIMITED 
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 58 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Q1 FY 2022 
Earnings Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management 
Company Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the management team, we have Mr. Navneet Munot – 
MD & CEO; Mr. Piyush Surana – Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Simal Kanuga – Chief Investor Relations Officer. 
I now hand the confidence over to Mr. Simal Kanuga, who 
will give us a brief, following which we will proceed with the 
Q&A Session. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Simal. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thank you so much. Good evening, everyone. And thank you 
very much for getting onto this call. Our presentation is 
available on our website as well as that of the exchanges. 
As usual, we will start off with an update on the industry and 
then follow it up with our company. We will open it up for 
questions after that. 
The first quarter of the current financial year has seen healthy 
inflows into equity-oriented funds, as against an outflow of 
Rs. 84 billion in quarter ended March 2021, this quarter saw 
a net inflow of Rs. 251 billion. We have seen reversal in trend 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 58 
from the month of March 2021, and that continues as we 
speak. The interesting thing that we have observed is gross 
equity flows. The average monthly gross flows for the 
financial year ended March 2021 was Rs. 237 billion. As 
against that, average monthly gross flows for the first quarter 
of the current financial year was Rs. 337 billion. Average 
monthly redemptions, which were at Rs. 290 billion in last 
financial year, dipped to Rs. 253 billion in this quarter. Debt 
funds saw outflows of Rs. 20 billion, while liquid funds 
witnessed inflows of Rs. 95 billion. Others which include 
ETF, arbitrage funds and Fund of funds investing overseas, 
continued to see inflows. Individual folios for the first time 
has crossed 100 million mark and is at 102 million as of June 
end. Individual AUM is Rs. 18.3 trillion, with 70% of that in 
equity-oriented funds. B-30 AUM continues to be at 16% of 
the overall industry AUM, and 27% of equity-oriented AUM. 
SIP flows, as you would all know, for the month of June 2021 
was Rs. 92 billion.  
We will now move to our company. We closed the quarter 
with AUM of Rs. 4,187 billion, market share of 12.4%, with 
quarterly average AUM of Rs. 4,169 billion, market share of 
12.6%. For the reasons mentioned in earlier calls, we also 
present market share and AUM data ex-ETF. Our market 
share in quarterly average AUM ex-ETF is at 13.7%, while of 
closing basis it is at 13.6%. In terms of actively managed 
equity-oriented AUM, our market share stands at 12.9% on 
QAAUM basis and 12.6% on closing AUM basis. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 58 
At this point, it would be pertinent for us to mention that we 
recently concluded a sectoral NFO, banking and financial 
services fund. During the quarter, we had also launched Asset 
Allocation Fund of Funds, which has seen healthy response. 
Our market share in Debt is at 14.5% in QAAUM 14.7% in 
closing AUM. In liquid, it is at 15.5% and 15.9% in QAAUM 
and closing AUM, respectively. We continue to have a 
favorable asset mix as compared to that of industry in terms 
of higher proportion of equity assets. 57.9% of our AUM 
comes in from individual investors. Comparable numbers for 
industry is 53.7%. We continue to enjoy highest market share 
in individual AUM, and that stands at 13.5%. We processed 
systematic transactions adding up to Rs. 9.8 billion in month 
of June 2021, the number we reported is on actual cash flow 
basis. For the quarter as a whole, we received inflows to the 
tune of Rs. 28.3 billion through systematic transactions. 
When we are on topic of systematic transactions, we would 
like to highlight an interesting campaign we ran in month of 
June; we called it “Nurture Nature” and committed to plant a 
tree for every new SIP that got digitally registered in equity-
oriented strategy. We planned the campaign around the World 
Environment Day and ran it for a couple of weeks. The results 
were truly encouraging and saw strong interest across the 
country. Our B-30 market share of 11.5% makes us a distant 
Number #2. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 58 
On the digital front, we are making some material changes. 
We have recently refreshed our mobile app, it’s simpler and 
more powerful, and the feedback we are getting on the same 
is truly encouraging. I think rather than stating what all we are 
doing; it would be good for us to update all of you as and when 
we get done. You will definitely hear much more from us on 
this. We continue our journey in creating a state-of-the-art 
digital infrastructure and leveraging on the same for 
enhancing customer experience. 
We now move to financials: 
The company has shown an improved performance during 
quarter ended June 30, 2021, as compared to corresponding 
quarter in 2020. Revenue from operations increased due to an 
increase in AUM as well as more remunerative mix with 
higher percentage of equity AUM. However, during the 
quarter, company incurred additional business promotion 
expenses. Since such scheme related expenses are accounted 
for in the books of the scheme, they result in lower 
management fees to the company. The company has also seen 
some dilution in margin due to reduction in total expense ratio 
in some equity schemes due to increase in the size. Other 
income was higher this quarter on larger book size and mark-
to-market gain on investments. 
In February of 2021, a grant of ESOPs was made to certain 
employees, and the expense head “employee benefit expense” 
includes a pro-rata amortization of the fair value of these 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 58 
ESOPs as required under IndAS accounting framework 
applicable to the company. This is a non-cash charge, which 
is not tax deductible and is book value neutral. In quarter one 
FY 2022, this non-cash charge amounted to Rs. 176 million. 
Besides this, employee benefit expense also showed increase 
as the company resumed its practice of annual increment in 
employee remuneration after taking a break from the practice 
last year due to COVID-19 pandemic. The dis-allowance of 
certain expenses and higher tax on company’s investment 
income has contributed to the increase in company’s tax rate. 
We now move to financial highlights for the quarter. The 
numbers for the quarter are as follows. The operating profit of 
the company for quarter ended June 30, 2021, was Rs. 3,652 
million, as compared to Rs. 3,006 million for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2020, an increase of 21%. Profit before tax for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2021, was up by 23% to Rs. 4,661 
million, as compared to Rs. 3,804 million for the quarter 
ended June 2020. Profit after tax for the quarter ended June 
30, 2021, was Rs. 3,454 million as compared to Rs. 3,024 
million for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, an increase of 
14%. Our operating margin now stands at 35 basis points for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2021, as compared to 34 basis 
points for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. 
We would now like to open up for questions. As Neerav 
announced, we have both Navneet and Piyush here. We will 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 58 
be happy to take questions, if any. Neerav, we can open the 
line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Shailaja, 
from Concept Investment. Please go ahead. 
Shailaja: 
My first question is, what is the target equity, non-equity mix 
for the next two to three years? 
Navneet Munot: Hi, Shailaja. We do not have a target as such, but you would 
have noticed that our share is better than the overall industry 
share. Our overall equity within the overall asset is higher than 
the rest of the industry, and we would love to see that 
improving going forward. 
Shailaja: 
Okay. And my second question is, like you have been seeing 
a continuous decline in the market shares for over a year now, 
so what do you think is attributable for this fall? And what are 
we doing in response for the same? 
Navneet Munot: So, I think Simal has mentioned earlier, first of all, when you 
look at the market share, the more relevant data to be seen 
would be the data on the Slide #8, which is the market share 
excluding ETF. Because you know that the ETF AUM has 
over 80% of the AUM from two AMCs, and also from the 
government disinvestment program in the PSU Debt ETF. But 
of course, we have seen a marginal decline in the market share 
ex ETF AUM as well. But we would not read too much into 
it. Are we worried? no, but we are definitely doing something 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 58 
to change it, no doubt about it, of course, yes. We will 
continue with our efforts and focus which we are hopeful and 
confident will result in a healthy market share. We believe that 
we have all the necessary ingredients in place. These things, 
whether we like it or not, are not a straight line, we do go 
through gyrations. 
 
As you are aware, there have been periods where some of our 
equity funds were not doing as well. There has been a 
significant improvement in the performance. Some of the 
funds are in top quartile or in top decile in the last one-year 
performance. Even the performance over three and five years 
has started looking good and being recognized by our 
distribution partners as well as clients. We have been making 
efforts on all counts including better connectivity with our 
partners to spread this message. You would have seen some 
of the other marketing campaigns recently. Simal talked about 
the Nurture Nature campaign that we did as an ESG initiative, 
but also it helped us in better digital adoption of our digital 
assets as well as increase in the flows into SIPs bringing new 
investors and new partners into our fold. And variety of other 
initiatives that are underway, which gives us confidence that 
over a period of time you would see improvement in market 
share. 
Shailaja: 
Okay. And by when do we see our market share getting back 
to 14%, 15%, like it was earlier? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 58 
Navneet Munot: So, as Simal talked about, I think, about some of the product 
gaps or some of the categories where we were not fully 
present, I mean, as you know that from 2018 onwards, as per 
the SEBI classification, there are four categories wherein in 
equity we have been the largest player, in fixed income we are 
present in almost all categories across duration and credit 
products, and of course, we are one of the larger players on 
the money market side. But there are few categories like 
sector and thematic funds, passive products, both ETF and 
index funds, international funds, and of course some of the 
fund of funds. Some of these categories our product bouquet 
was not full, but over the last couple of quarters we have 
launched a few products. We are going to have some more 
products over the next several quarters. In fact, Simal can 
correct me that last quarter we had two NFOs which I do not 
remember, when is the time HDFC AMC had two NFOs in 
one quarter. And both of them met with very good response 
from our partners and investors. And we believe that all of 
these efforts, including the performance improvement would 
be noticed by the market and we should be able to see gradual 
improvement in the market share. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Jain 
from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jain: 
On the equity AUM growth quarter-over-quarter, Phase 2 
have been decent. Can you qualitatively talk about what kind 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 58 
of market share you are seeing in flows, is it improving? 
Roughly what reason if it is in? 
Navneet Munot: So, Aditya, we do not give the number on the flows for the 
competitive reason. I think over the quarters or years, we have 
mentioned that we have repeated that point. But overall, as 
you know that in the industry, flows have reversed. For nine-
odd months industry was seeing outflows. Over the last three 
or four months, industry has started seeing positive flows. I 
think, over the next several quarters equity flow should 
remain healthy. And specifically, if you are asking about our 
funds, I think some of our funds managed by the newer fund 
managers who joined us in last one or two years, they have 
seen good traction, whether it is a new fund that got launched 
in December quarter, the dividend yield fund, the large and 
mid-cap fund, focused equity fund, multi-asset funds, I think, 
some of these funds have seen a good traction over the last 
few months. And of course, we have been highlighting the 
fact that the performance has improved across the board and 
over a period of time we should see flows coming back across 
all categories. 
Aditya Jain: 
Got it. That helps. On the ESOP cost, could you tell what are 
the expected numbers for full year FY 2022 and then 2023, I 
assume those would be pretty clear numbers, but just what 
they are from a modeling point of view? 
Piyush Surana: 
Last call we had talked about the ESOP and the structure of 
the ESOP, which is vesting over three years, and one-third are 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 58 
vesting this year, and the second vesting is after two years and 
the third after three years. So, the costs that you see are 
upfronted in the first year, because the first year has the full 
cost of the first tranche, half the cost of the second tranche, 
and one-third the cost of the third tranche. And since these 
were granted in February, so one full year gets over in 
February. So, this cost that you see in this quarter, logically 
speaking, you would see the same cost in the next two 
quarters, and the last quarter, it would dip. And then, the next 
two years would be a lower cost based on the vesting schedule 
that I just told. So, you could, kind of based on this 
information, do some calculation, and figure out what would 
be the likely cost. 
Aditya Jain: 
Got it. Okay. And then just last thing. You mentioned briefly 
about your own digital investment. Could you talk about how 
significant they are, or how they are placed versus the new 
digital channels, so apps like Groww and Paytm Money and 
INDwealth. So, how important is the own acquisition versus 
through these third-party apps, which are getting good traction 
these days? Thank you. 
Navneet Munot: So, I think Simal talked about our refreshed app, I ask you to 
use the app and have a feel for yourself. We have enabled a 
voice search on our corporate website, we have enabled API 
gateway for third-party integration with some of the tech-
savvy distributors. We have got an RM to build access on 
mobile solution to partners, I mean, I can go on. But I think I 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 58 
will say this that digital is lot about culture, it is about mindset, 
it is about people’s participation and making it a way of life 
for your people. It is not only about technology, applications, 
portal, or the app. But it is about ingraining a culture of 
automation, a culture of customer centricity, removing every 
possible friction in their journey, moving from, I would say, 
KYC to UYC, I mean, Know Your Customer to Understand 
Your Customer, enabling our partners to scale up their 
business, how do we use data and analytics in every part of 
our business, how can we automate our processes. So, all I 
would say is that, I mean, digital is going to be the backbone 
of everything we do, entire ecosystem. I mean, even at the cost 
of repeating some of the things I mentioned, how do we serve 
our customer, how do we make their journey like as 
frictionless as possible, how do we on-board a new distributor, 
how do we serve those distributors, how analytics can help 
them in upselling, how do we deliver our content better, we 
make it more contextual and more consumable. So, it is about 
variety of things, and in making the organization future ready. 
We have good digital assets; over the years we have been 
investing. We will be investing a lot more in that, as we speak. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi 
from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Congratulation to the team for a decent set of numbers. And I 
hope team HDFC AMC is doing well and safe. So, I had two 
questions, the first question was on the SIP market share. We 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 58 
see SIP market share has been trending down. And just 
wanted a color on what is the driver in the market share fall? 
Is it the lower number of new SIPs or higher cancellations? 
Because what we have been seeing in the overall industry 
number is that there has been significant rise in the new SIPs 
and the cancellation has plateaued. So, how you know at 
HDFC AMC we are seeing this similar trend from the 
company perspective? 
Navneet Munot: So, of course, I mean, you would know, Kunal, over the years 
I think we have been clearly a leader in the SIP. In fact, more 
than a decade back where SIPs were not as prevalent, I think 
we were one of the largest players in the SIP market. We have 
worked very hard as an organization to promote the concept 
of SIP in the mutual fund industry. But I mean, over the years 
when you have a cycle which is not in your favor, when 
performance took a dip we also saw a little bit of cancellation 
and less addition of the newer SIPs. As we discussed earlier 
when we talked about the flows coming back into equity, we 
expect the same thing to happen in the SIP book as well. 
Couple of other initiatives that we have taken off late, they 
also include how do we regain our leadership on the SIP front. 
That is very, very critical component of our business growth 
strategy. It has always been and will always be. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. I get it. The reason I asked this question, and maybe a 
follow-up on the same is, one thing that we hear across the 
industry is that the digital players, be it the Groww, the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 58 
ETMONEYs of the world, the PhonePes of the world, they 
are driving the new addition in the SIP. In the last call, we had 
also talked about it. So, how are we placed with these third-
party apps in terms of getting that new pie of the customers 
that are entering the market? 
Navneet Munot: So, every possible thing, I mean, working with all our partners 
who historically have helped us in building the SIP book, 
whether they are the banks or the national distributors or the 
MFDs, large or small, as well as the FinTechs are another set 
of partners for us. So, we have been a partner with all of them. 
As I mentioned, as performance gets noticed and we intensify 
our efforts in better partnership with them as we improve our 
overall digital capabilities. I see no reason that even in the 
FinTech space why our market share should not be higher 
than where it is currently. And couple of other things, I think 
Simal talked about the Nurture Nature campaign, and we were 
very pleased by the response of investors and our partners. We 
will be taking more of such initiatives to ensure that we get 
our fair share of the SIPs. 
 
Apart from that, I would also say that it is a lot about market 
making. One is, getting the market share from what we 
deserve as HDFC AMC. While one can talk about the Rs. 90 
crores to Rs. 100 crores of SIP flow, but looking at the overall 
savings pool, that number should be much larger over the next 
several years. And I think as a leading industry player, we will 
do whatever it takes to ensure that we not only work on getting 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 58 
the market share from the current book, but also work as a 
collaborator with other industry players, how do we grow that 
substantially. So, working with millennials, I mean, providing 
the best possible investor education and providing the best 
possible transaction tool to millennials, several of them over 
the last 1 year or 15 months we have seen have got lot more 
attracted towards direct investing. We believe that for long-
term wealth creation, it is important that they do not take the 
focus away from mutual fund products, particularly through 
the SIP route. And whether it is our marketing strategy, 
whether it is our digital strategy, whether whatever initiatives 
we are taking on being more client-centered, being more 
customer-centered, I think, and moving from a client services 
to a client delight or a customer delight, I think all of those 
should help us in helping the industry and expanding that 
market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of 
Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I had two questions. If I look at the last one year per se 
in the lockdown, the share of HNIs as well as individual 
investors in cash volumes has been steadily increasing, it has 
almost been like two-third of the overall cash share delivery 
volumes. Typically, what happens when this changes? 
Because somewhere this direct route of investing, market has 
to rationalize. And when this course correction happens, do 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 58 
we see immediate flows to mutual funds coming soon or they 
come with a lag? What typically happens, because we have 
seen so many cycles across markets, what typically happens? 
Do these investors come back to mutual funds, and they have 
a larger role to play in mutual funds because some of them 
burn their fingers and they come back? Does it happen with a 
lag? That is the first question. And secondly if you could 
quantify the amount raised last quarter through NFOs? 
Navneet Munot: Prakash, if I can interrupt, the question is on direct equity 
versus mutual fund participation by HNIs? 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes, because currently, we are seeing this euphoria, so 
what happens once this changes? Do we see more 
participation in mutual funds when this normalizes, once they 
burn their fingers do they come back? Do they come back with 
a vengeance? Do they come back with a lag? If you could give 
some color, that will be helpful. 
Navneet Munot: We have seen that, Prakash. I mean it is not a first for the 
market. We have seen it earlier also, 2007-2008 or 1999-2000, 
or in 1991-1992, industry has gone through these phases. I 
mean, there are always times when moneymaking becomes a 
lot easier. The way it has been in last 12 months, 14 months, 
lot of people get attracted to direct investing. Over a period of 
time, they realize the benefit of professional management and 
giving money to mutual funds. We believe that, over a period 
of time, we should be able to start getting that share. I am 
talking about the industry as a whole and of course, for us as 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 58 
well. And I think one of the message that for industry as well 
as we would be working very hard is wealth creation, is not 
about like trying to make money on a daily or weekly basis 
but wealth creation, if you have seen some of our recent 
campaigns, is about what we are calling STP, a sound 
investment, plus time, plus patience. And we have clearly 
exhibited that as an industry. I mean, if you look at some of 
our products, which have got 20 years to 25 years of track 
record and the compounding that has happened, that people 
who invested Rs. 1 lakhs 25 years back, they have like Rs. 80 
lakhs, Rs. 85 lakhs or Rs. 90 lakhs or a Rs. 10,000 SIP over a 
25-year period has become Rs. 8 crores or Rs. 9 crores. 
 
As we go around and spread that message more strongly and 
make our UI/UX, which they see while trading in the 
secondary market or investing in IPO, when they see our ease 
of transaction as easy as that or as, I would say, user friendly 
as that, hopefully I think we should be able to get that back. 
But globally, I mean, we are seeing the same thing. There are 
large number of newer investors who are entering the equity 
market or rather, I would say, capital markets. And yeah, I 
mean, as one of the savings option, as long as we are able to 
provide a better experience and give our story better that in 
the long run its better you compound your money by giving 
money to proficient fund managers like us, I think we should 
be able to benefit from that trend. I mean the trend is 
welcomed. Honestly, if you ask me, I mean, more than 10 
million accounts have got opened in Demat. I think that just 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 58 
shows the interest in the capital market. It is just that how our 
industry mix, our proposition is appealing to these investors 
and hopefully, we should also benefit from that. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Right. And if you could quantify the amount raised 
through NFO during the last quarter? 
Navneet Munot 
So, I think in our asset allocator fund, it was around Rs. 1,100 
crores. In our BFSI fund, it was Rs. 1,877 crores, if I 
remember correctly. Yeah. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, Navneet, you did mention about this cycle. 
So, within the cycle, assuming the cycle has to reverse and 
normalize sooner or later, so flows then come immediately? 
People realize, okay, I am better off making 15%, 18% rather 
than making that quick buck and then losing everything. So, 
does that happen with a lag in terms of these individual 
investors coming back to mutual fund or it typically takes its 
own time and effort once the market normalizes and corrects? 
Navneet Munot: I think a part of this, what we are seeing this time is structural. 
Maybe I think some people think that they can manage, I 
mean, they can invest directly in stocks. I mean, there is a 
good experience they have got, maybe they may continue. A 
lot of investors who have entered recently over a period of 
time, as they make money, they might give that money to the 
professional fund managers and start refocusing on their own 
profession or their own business. I think that would be a better 
utilization of time, on a lighter note. I think we will have to 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 58 
wait and watch, I mean, what is that tipping point where the 
new mutual fund folios are greater than the new Demat 
accounts. 
 
I mean, I will just give you a data point. Between 2017 and 
2020, if I remember correctly, our unique investors grew at 
like 70% or so in absolute numbers. And during that time, the 
Demat accounts increased by like somewhere around 40%, 
50%. So, mutual funds were adding more unique investors 
than the Demat accounts where people were entering the 
secondary market. Now in last 1 year, maybe 15 month or so, 
that has reversed. I mean, we have seen around 15% increase 
in unique investors, while the Demat accounts, I mean, are 
growing at like 50% or so. But we have seen these cycles 
before. And as I mentioned, as long as our industry 
collaborates and the message that we have been delivering, 
Mutual Funds Sahi Hai, as long as we are able to spread that 
message, market is very large. I mean, the under penetration 
is so much that there would be enough scope for us to grow as 
well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant 
Kothari from Pictet. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kothari: 
I just wanted to understand the trend of the yields that 
we have seen. I mean, I understand from FY 2018 to 2020, it 
was the usual tier calculations with regulations. But why is it 
that the yields have not really gone up yet equity mix 
becoming favorable for us in the last quarter? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 58 
Piyush Surana: 
Are you talking about margin dilution? 
Prashant Kothari: 
No, I am talking about the yields themselves, the 
operating revenue, which is 49 basis points, why it is not kind 
of going back to FY 2020 levels while the equity mix has 
surely become better? 
Navneet Munot: I think you are talking about the margin compression a little 
bit. So, I think over the years, we have mentioned that margins 
are a function of the asset mix that we have, equity or money 
market. It is also a matter of flow versus stock. And when I 
say asset mix, within the asset class also, so when you talk 
about the debt, credit funds versus money market funds where 
margins are distinctly different. In equity also there are 
products where margins are lower, there are products where 
margins are higher. Some of the newer funds where money 
has been raised recently, payouts may have been higher. I 
mean the overall commission would have been higher versus 
the stock that we have, payouts would be lower. So, it is a 
combination of variety of things. Also, I think there have been 
some competitive pressure. You might have heard about some 
of the NFOs that have happened, and the money has come at 
a higher cost, for the industry, I am talking about overall. And 
we have to be cognizant of that fact. And it is a fine balancing 
for us to look at growth versus margins when we play our 
game. 
Prashant Kothari: 
Would you have any long-term view on where these 
margins would be after, let us say, 5, 10 years? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 21 of 58 
Navneet Munot: So, I mean, Piyush would have mentioned earlier several 
times that we look at equities for like around 80 basis point or 
so, in fixed income, it used to be like mid-30s, but it has fallen 
because the proportion has changed. People have, I would say, 
a different view on interest rates now, as well as on the credit 
environment and money has been at the front end of the curve 
where margins are lower. And of course, I mean, there is a bit 
of interest coming into the passive fund where margins are 
lower. I think over the next few years, in India, we still believe 
that active funds will continue to grow, and relatively we have 
healthier margins than the industry. Even in the fixed income, 
the bouquet that we have, we believe that our margins can 
sustain where we are currently. 
 
And in fact, they were higher some time back, but we hope 
that at least we should be able to maintain where we are 
currently, and we are exploring all options. I mean, looking at 
some of the categories where we are not present, I mentioned 
in the beginning, some of those products when they provide 
the exposure to domestic investors to invest internationally, 
etc., through international funds, over a period of time, we 
expect that, yeah, our margins could be where they are. But I 
think, globally, if we see the way margins have been under 
pressure in this industry, with the move happening from active 
to passive and markets become more and more efficient, 
obviously, there would be some pressure and I think we 
cannot deny that. How will we respond? So, we will respond 
through, as I mentioned earlier, on variety of initiatives on the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 22 of 58 
digital and automation side, how we build better operating 
leverage on that side and also exploring some other revenue 
streams. 
 
As of now, almost our entire revenue and profits come from 
our own mutual funds products. There has been a very strong 
belief, which I agree, that there is so much of a runway for 
growth in that space given the massive under penetration in 
India. At the same time, looking at the global trends and also 
changing taste of various investors, I think we would be open 
to look at what else we can do on the non-mutual fund side, 
which includes PMS and AIF where margins could be better. 
It is on the drawing board. Hopefully, we should be able to 
share over the next couple of quarters what we are thinking on 
that front. So, on the core product, I mean, the margin range 
that I gave you that has been the case over the last few years, 
we hope that we should be able to sustain, notwithstanding the 
competitive pressures that are emerging. But over a period of 
time, yeah, if you look at the global trends, then definitely 
India is on the higher side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of 
Prayesh Jain from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, if I look at the equity AUM sequentially, we have 
moved from something like Rs. 1.66 trillion to Rs. 1.72 
trillion. This is just a growth of 3% on a sequential basis, 
where the market returns itself have been pretty strong in a 
market where in fact BSE500 itself has given some 6%, 7% 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 23 of 58 
kind of returns, or even higher. So, does that mean that HDFC 
would have seen some outflows on the equity side? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Prayesh, the only thing is, I think, you are watching those 
numbers that you mentioned are quarterly average AUM. If 
you look at the closing AUMs, it has gone up from about Rs. 
1,654 billion to Rs. 1,805 billion in the quarter. So, if you look 
at Page #9 of the presentation, on the right-hand side we have 
given the closing AUM number, and that would just indicate. 
So, basically in terms of if you look at Rs. 15,000 odd crores 
in the quarter has been the AUM rank. When you are looking 
at point-to-point market returns, you need to compare with 
this. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, even if we look at that Simal, there still seems to be, 
especially considering that the market has seen such a sharp 
increase in flows, there seems to be some disconnect as to 
whether are we seeing lesser additions. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Yeah, we are. We are seeing obviously, and that is visible in 
the market share, right? So, if you look at our market share 
number if the market share is dipping. So, what you are stating 
is absolutely right. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And similarly on the liquid side, our market share is 
dipping sequentially as well. Any thoughts there? 
Navneet Munot: We had a significant increase in our market share in liquid. I 
mean, when there was a crisis around March and April, 
obviously, money moved to safe havens and we got higher 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 24 of 58 
flows within the liquid fund. But as the corporate requirement 
of money has gone up over the quarters, I mean, the overall 
AUM in the liquid fund category has come down for us. And 
now our market share is more reasonable there, I mean, it was 
exceptionally on the higher side last year. 
Prayesh Jain: 
I was talking more from Q4 onwards, Q4 to Q1 also, our 
market share has dropped, so any specific reasons that you 
would like to highlight here? 
Navneet Munot: Liquid is very difficult to predict. I mean, there is short-term 
flows from corporate treasuries, institutions, and some of the 
other investors, it keeps changing in line with the situation in 
the money market and could be specific cases of couple of 
investors. I mean, they are not moving out on those particular 
days. Yeah. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And lastly, on the other income, there was a very sharp 
jump, that is primarily on equity side or what was the reason 
for that? 
Piyush Surana: 
The other income has gone up, couple of reasons. We have 
got some mark-to-market gains on some of the portfolio. 
Besides that, this whole business of the Essel Group NCDs 
that we spoke about, that has been set to rest. We talked about 
it, I think, on the last call also. And so, we made some gains 
by selling the collateral on those debentures. So, that has also 
contributed. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Could you quantify the Essel part? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 25 of 58 
Navneet Munot: I do not think we want to get into quantifying it. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. All right. I was just trying to get the sustainability of 
the other income trend. 
Piyush Surana:   So, on that, I would not kind of look at this quarter as something 
that one could extrapolate. There is certainly some which is 
likely to sustain because of the way interest rates are at this 
juncture. So, there is fair amount of one-off here. But beyond 
that, I do not think we would like to give any guidance. 
Navneet Munot: But having said that, I mean, you can see our portfolios. I 
mean, we are 88.5% invested in mutual funds, which is 
primarily liquid and debt product, 13.9% in arbitrage fund, 
which again, I mean, you would know, where the prevailing 
yields are and obviously remaining in debentures and tax-free 
bonds. So, you can look at prevailing yields and you can look 
at your own estimates on that. 
Piyush Surana: 
And also look at the fact that the dividend payment is coming 
up in the next few days, which will take some money off the 
books. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piran 
Engineer from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: Congrats on the quarter. I had a couple of questions. So, 
firstly, regarding incremental margins being lower than back 
book margin. Now, that has been a story that has been playing 
out since October 2018, where are we now in that cycle? Is 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 26 of 58 
most of the back book repriced downwards and probably you 
will see maybe just a couple of quarters of downward 
repricing? Or is this going to be a continued trend for at least 
a couple of years? 
Piyush Surana: 
Hey, Piran, we have talked about this a few times before. And 
so, this is going to last for some time. And as I have always 
mentioned, it is going to be difficult to project the rate and the 
time period for which this will happen. The back book, like 
we have talked in the past, was accumulated in a different 
dispensation and the flows are coming at a different price. So, 
till they merge at some point in time, this is likely to continue 
to happen. 
Piran Engineer: Okay. But is it fair to say that more than half of today’s AUM 
has come, let us say, in the new pricing dispensation era, like 
in the last two…? 
Piyush Surana:  Piran, I do not think we can kind of give you any more 
information than what we have already done on this. 
Piran Engineer: Okay. Sure, no problem. And secondly, you mentioned about 
extra scheme-related expenses this quarter. Could you please 
quantify it? 
Piyush Surana: 
No, not really, but some business development expenditure 
that we have started incurring, for example, things like the 
SIPs and stuff like that. So, that is some additional expense 
that has happened. But I do not think we will quantify that. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 27 of 58 
From a competitive perspective, it does not make sense for us 
to do that. 
Piran Engineer: Okay. Got it. And just lastly, you were speaking about 
partnering with FinTechs and having your fair share of market 
share in that distribution channel, if you could just tell us how 
do commission rates look like in that channel versus say 
traditional distribution channel? 
Navneet Munot: So, some of them who have been garnering large amounts of 
new SIPs, they all bring the money in their direct plan. In fact, 
they have the RIA mode, not in the ARN as mutual fund 
distributors. Some of them may be mutual fund distributors, it 
would be a mix of that. 
Piran Engineer: Okay. But if they put in regular plans, are you all offering at 
par commissions or lower or higher? 
Navneet Munot: At par, I guess. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anshu from 
Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Anshu: 
My question has been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh from 
J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
Sir, on the launches, how many more funds are you expecting 
to do this year, the NFOs? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 28 of 58 
Navneet Munot: So, we have talked about the categories where we would be 
looking at newer products launch. So, among the four 
categories, multi-cap fund is something that we would be 
launching in some time. Among the thematic and sector, you 
would be expecting an MNC fund from us. On the whole 
passive side, there are a couple of products that we have lined 
up, the first to start with would be an Equal Weight Nifty 
Fund, and there are few more in pipeline at various stage. One 
international fund, I mean, that is in the pipeline. So, yeah, we 
have our hands full for next couple of quarters. 
Saurabh: 
But sir, for the full year, I mean, how much should we expect, 
four, five or higher than that? 
Navneet Munot: I do not know whether it is five versus one, you have seen 
what one NFO can collect versus maybe many others. I think 
it is more about which category of products there what kind 
of money can be collected. I do not think numbers mean that 
much. 
Saurabh: 
Okay. Fair point. And sir on this direct part, one is, if you can 
quantify what is the IT budget at HDFC AMC? And second 
is, any sourcing that you get from these platforms is part of 
that direct sourcing, or will it be part of that national 
distributor? 
Navneet Munot: No, so platform that comes, Saurabh, into direct plan is part 
of direct only. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 29 of 58 
Saurabh: 
So, how much will HDFC’s direct as in from your branches 
of that 46%? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, Saurabh, we have not broken down those numbers 
because it is like multi-channel. Some bit of it comes on our 
website, some bit of it comes through our physical branches 
and then after the RIAs, as well as the FinTech platforms. 
Saurabh: 
Okay. But the FinTechs will be like, I mean, can you give a 
rough range of where that number will be? Will it be dominant 
part of this part or? 
Navneet Munot: Off our current book, not dominant part for sure. Because I 
think the FinTech SIP creation is a more recent phenomenon 
than an older one and our book is like much, I would say…  
Saurabh: 
No, sir, of the incremental, I was asking. 
Navneet Munot: On the incremental side, no, I do not think, not in value on it, 
numbers maybe. 
Saurabh: 
Okay. And that technology IT budget will be how much, sir? 
Navneet Munot: I will give you the break-up amount of money, and as I 
mentioned, I think part of it is CAPEX, part of it is revenue 
expenditure, part of it is like partner shares, part of it is like 
our own development. It is just a combination of various 
things. So, I think I will not be able to give you an IT budget 
as such within the overall expenditure, yeah. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 30 of 58 
Saurabh: 
Okay. And just one final question, sir. I mean, we have seen 
some of your competition pushing a lot very aggressively now 
into passive ETFs. And you have Zerodha guys now 
launching a passive ETF and we have seen what they have 
done with the broking industry. So, I mean, what is your view 
on this passive business now? Would you be looking to 
expand this more aggressively? So, how will you think about 
this passive ETFs? 
Navneet Munot: I think if you look at the overall size of the industry, it is still 
small, and you talked about one player. I mean, we I think 
mentioned in the last call, the more the merrier. I think, the 
more participants will only help in expanding the market. The 
market is very small, I mean, all said and done, we still have 
like 2.5 crores unique investors in India in 1.35 billion people. 
We have set a very audacious, I would say, a mission for 
ourselves that we want to be the value creator for every Indian. 
So, we have little over 5 million unique accounts. We think 
we have a very, very long way to go. Some of them will come 
in active funds, some of them will come in passive funds, 
some of them will come in solutions-oriented product. I think 
in India different households will have different needs. I think 
at our end, the way we are looking at business is not looking 
at the way, I mean, the asset managers would look at, okay, 
active versus passive or equity versus fixed income or mutual 
fund versus AIF, PMS, or within the distribution, direct versus 
with distributor, within distributors, banks versus NDs versus 
MFDs or RIAs or looking at T-30 versus B-30, so on and so 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 31 of 58 
forth. I think at our end, the way we are thinking is like, there 
are 10s of millions of savers in India who are yet to get the 
right kind of product, which they can use for meeting their 
financial goals. 
 
As long as we are able to provide right kind of solutions to 
these people by understanding them better, working with our 
partners or working with digital platforms, over a period of 
time we should be able to grow. Surely, I mean, passives have 
grown tremendously. Globally, I think there is a lot of scope 
for that product to grow in India as well. In fact, we earlier 
mentioned about, we would also be launching couple of 
products to fill our product bouquet. But whether this will 
significantly dent the growth potential of the other segments 
of the business, the answer is no. Will it really expand the 
market? The answer is clearly, yes. And I think I mentioned 
that line last time that large number of people in India are yet 
to meet the market. They do not get up in morning, how do I 
beat the market today or in next six months and one year. So, 
I think we are very clear there, I think we are going to put 
customer at the center and how we can help them in meeting 
their financial goals, meeting their life goals. And as long as 
we are able to do that, what product and how we construct 
their solution is something that I think collaboratively we will 
all do in industry. And newer players will bring new 
innovation, whether in terms of product, in terms of delivery, 
in terms of providing different experience to investors, they 
are all welcome as part of the industry. We will all work 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 32 of 58 
together. At our end, I will say our mission is absolutely clear, 
we want to be the value creator for every Indian, and we 
believe that this product has a lot more potential to grow. And 
we need to reach out to lot many more investors than what we 
have reached out in last 25 years, 30 years as an industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain 
from Fairview Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Jain: 
So, based on the data that the company has provided in the 
last three annual reports, so it seems that it is continuing to 
lose its distributors. So, for example, in FY 2019, you had 
around 75,000 plus distributors on your panel, which dipped 
to 70,000 in FY 2020 and now we are down to 65,000. So, I 
have asked this question before as well, but all I have got is 
that the company values its distributors. So, just wanted to get 
your perspective on why people are leaving us compared to 
what the listed peers are reporting, an increasing trend of 
empanelled distributors? 
Navneet Munot: Okay. I think they are back to more or less where we were in 
terms of number of those distributors. In between there was a 
trend where some of these distributors, if I remember 
correctly, were moving to platforms like Prudent and NJ and 
all because, I think aggregating technology and the other IT 
backbone is available, you get better service. So, some of 
them kind of merged with these platforms, so maybe the 
number may have gone down, but then newer distributors are 
starting, and our numbers are there. In fact, I am happy to state 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 33 of 58 
that in our sector fund, the BFSI fund that we had, more than 
10,000 MFDs participated in that. So, I think we have a fair, I 
would say, acceptance among that category of distributors. 
Nitin Jain: 
Okay. No, the reason why I ask this is, from the time since 
SEBI has banned upfront commissions, HDFC has been 
seeing a consistent decline. So, does it have anything to do 
with that because the company straight away passed on to the 
distributors? 
Simal Kanuga: 
No. So, see, there are two ways to look at it. One is basically 
the 70,000 kind of a number that we are talking is the entire 
universe. The active distributors, the list is obviously much 
smaller. And I think what Navneet referred to saying that in 
our latest BFSI, NFO, we saw more than 10,000 distributors 
participating, which is a very, very large number. So, nothing 
of that sort. And I think that is the point that Navneet made, 
some of the smaller distributors have actually moved to 
platform, and for reasons of efficiency and cost benefit 
analysis. 
Nitin Jain: 
Okay. And the other significant trend that seems to have 
played out in the last couple of years is the rise of passive 
investing. So, if you see, they have risen from somewhere 
around Rs. 8,000 crores to Rs. 9,000 crores. In 2010, they are 
close to Rs. 2,00,000 crores to Rs. 2,500,000 crores, like the 
entire passive AUM. So, I have tried to get the company’s 
perspective earlier as well, but it was kind of, the only 
response was that, no, it is still a very small part of the entire 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 34 of 58 
industry. But if you see the last three years, it is the fastest-
growing section of the industry as well. And some of our peers 
have like 35%, 40% market share in that. So, what is our 
strategy? I mean, do we want to wait some more time and then 
take aggressive, corrective actions or how is the company 
planning? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, let me do one thing. I will give you some data and then 
Navneet can give the strategy part of it. So, the number, if you 
look at as of June end, for the passive ETFs is Rs. 3,20,000 
crores. Now out of this Rs. 3,20,000 crores, the two quasi 
government owned entities, they add up to close to Rs. 
2,00,000 crores, actually more than Rs. 2,00,000 crores. And 
that is basically Government of India’s EPFO money and 
some of the other provident funds which tend to mirror image 
the EPFO. So, the large part of that money where we talk 
about, out of Rs. 3,20,000 crores, Rs. 2,00,000 crores goes to 
these two asset management companies. And as of now, all of 
that money has been allocated to both of those in ratio of 3:1. 
That is point number one. 
 
Second is, others close to Rs. 40,000 crores is the liquid debt 
and the Bharat Bond ETFs, and out of that Rs. 40,000 crores, 
close to around Rs. 34,000 crores is the Bharat Bond ETFs, 
which is again, government owned entities, the PSU, fixed 
income capital raise, which has been done through one asset 
management company. We did not participate in that bid for 
economic reasons. Then you have some bit of money in the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 35 of 58 
CPSE and the Bharat 22 ETF, again, that was government 
disinvestment program. Close to around Rs. 22,000 crores has 
been from that. Now government has come out and made a 
statement, so the Divestment Secretary has made a statement 
that this would no more be the preferred route of further 
disinvestment. Then there is a gold ETF which is close to 
around Rs. 16,000 crores. We have a fairly healthy share 
there, we are the second largest AMC in that space. 
 
So, if you look at all of these numbers, so, yes, the number 
seemingly looks very large. Having said that, if you kind of 
break those numbers and look at the target market segment, 
does not necessarily really kind of fit into the way we look at 
things. Now, when you look at the retail participation in 
passive, and that tends to happen through index funds rather 
than through ETFs, it is close to around Rs. 25,000 crores of 
AUM in index funds. Out of that Rs. 25,000 crores, we have 
an AUM of Rs. 5,600 crores. So, we are literally kind of more 
than one-fifth of that market. And as Navneet mentioned 
earlier, we recently got an approval from the regulator to 
launch an Equal Weight Index Fund, which we would be 
launching it maybe some time during the course of this 
quarter. Navneet can throw more light on the strategy part. 
Navneet Munot: No, I think you talked about it, and I mentioned earlier that 
there would be growth in both active as well as passive as we 
see India evolving. Even globally, I mean, we mentioned 
earlier that passives have done very well in terms of 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 36 of 58 
incremental growth. But my sense is that over the next few 
years, even globally, it may be a little contrarian view that I 
think active is going to make a strong comeback. In India, I 
think there is strong growth potential on both sides, passive as 
well as active. I think even at the cost of repeating, maybe 
second or third time I would say that the way we would look 
at ourselves is not like active versus passive, I mean, in those 
terms, but like putting the customer at the center and then 
using our capability as an investment manager, right. I mean, 
we can do active, we can do passive, we can do I mean 
whatever it comes to investment management, put that along 
with our risk management, and the overall product capability. 
And then using the power of data and analytics and providing 
the right kind of contextual, consumable content, whether it 
comes through any kind of channel, whether the traditional 
channel or the digital platform, the idea is that how do we 
reach out to more number of savers and provide them the right 
kind of solution with the help of our partners or the digital 
platforms. That is the idea. If it means like maybe investing a 
little bit more in passives than what we have done historically, 
we will surely do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of 
Madhu Gupta from Quantum Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Madhu Gupta: 
So, basically, I wanted to know whether HDFC AMC has any 
scope for driving operating leverage benefits going ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 37 of 58 
And if that is so, then in which areas do you see the savings 
coming in from? And the second question would be, as per the 
new regulation, under the compensation of the key 
management employees, at least 20% of that should be going 
to the mutual funds in which they are managing. So, is that 
going to impact your employee costs in anyway? So, any color 
on that? 
Navneet Munot: On the first, I mean, on operating leverage, I mean, inherently 
the asset management business globally is known for its high 
operating leverage, right? I mean, a new fund manager at our 
end is, let us say, managing Rs. 5,000 crores or Rs. 10,000 
crores of asset, that AUM doubles in next few years given our 
franchise, would we have another fund manager for that? No, 
I mean, the same fund manager is managing that, the same set 
of branches, the same set of the overall cost which we have. 
Of course, a part of it would be variable, let us say, the money 
coming in from the distributor, there is a cost attached to it. 
But our margins, obviously, if you look at the overall margins, 
there is obviously a positive operating leverage. 
 
Having said that, I think Piyush has been highlighting it over 
the last couple of quarters that some of the cost reductions that 
have happened, particularly, I think the organization ensure 
that during the tough time of last one year, lot of cost 
rationalization happened. Some of those costs will come back 
as we start looking at newer growth avenues and expanding 
the market and launching the new products, investing in 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 38 of 58 
marketing and business development, investing in the 
technology and digital, etc. So, some bit of costs will come 
back. Having said that, structurally, I mean, if your question 
is about the operating leverage, yes, inherently, this is a 
business with a very high operating leverage. 
Madhu Gupta: 
So, the reason I am asking is like, if you look at HDFC AMC, 
as compared to peers you are already quite low. So, is there a 
scope for further reduction in that? Or is this the optimal, 
which you can reach? And, I mean, beyond this, there is going 
to be an increase.  
Navneet Munot: I think more important, Madhu, would be like how these flows 
kind of come back and build market action on the revenue side 
I think rather than focusing on the cost side. I think in the last 
call, we mentioned that some of the cost reduction that we saw 
last year in FY 2021, yeah, 2021, they were on account of 
reduction in travel and business development some of the 
other overheads, etc. Some part of this cost is going to come 
back. And we would not want to hold that on, because I think 
we would like to invest and growing our business. So, some 
of it may sustain, I think the cost rationalization that has 
happened as you use technology better. Some of it, which 
could not be spent last year, for example travel, I think would 
come back at some point in time. But structurally, I mean, 
again repeating the same point, if you are asking about 
operating leverage, yes, I mean it is there at a side, it keeps 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 39 of 58 
growing. So, for us, more important would be, how do we 
grow the revenues and how do we grow the AUM. 
Madhu Gupta: 
Got it. And regarding the regulatory change, where now the 
20% of the compensations should essentially been making 
funds which the key management personnel are managing, so 
would that kind of have any impact on your employee cost?  
Navneet Munot: No, I think that today in the AGM also our Chairman talked 
about it, he praised the regulators for bringing this in and he 
mentioned that we would be happy to implement. Of course, 
he talked about some bit of flexibility that can be given to the 
asset managers on how to implement it. But otherwise, I think 
even otherwise most of our employees as it would have their 
money invested in the fund also or in their own funds. So, I 
do not think it will dramatically change the way people look 
at their investments, and maybe our employee cost not 
necessarily. All I think the Chairman asked for was like, if 
some bit of flexibility can be given, a younger employee may 
have a different kind of risk return expectations or a risk 
profile or let us say different employees would have their own 
different financial needs. But otherwise in general, I think it 
is a welcome move and he applauded it. 
Piyush Surana: 
And to your pointed question, will it affect our employee cost? 
No, it will not. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkatesh 
Sanjeevi from Pictet Asset Management. Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 40 of 58 
Venkatesh Sanjeevi: 
Just a general observation on the domestic mutual fund 
industry is that a lot of products get sold by distributors based 
on the ten-year term performance, maybe one year or maybe 
maximum two years or so, what was done well in the recent 
past, easy to sell and get sold, even if you see the way 
international funds are getting closed now, the segments have 
done well getting closed, it seems to be that case. So, the 
question is, how can this change? Can other parameters like 
risk or turnover or other aspects of fund to be highlighted? Are 
AMCs taking steps to sort of sell the products on things apart 
from just near-term performance? Do you think it is feasible 
to get some such structure of maturity over the industry as 
well? 
Navneet Munot: So, that is a great point, Venkatesh, you have made that people 
focus so much on, I would say, a fund alpha on the short-term 
side, rather than looking at the investor alpha. More important 
is how do you meet investors goal, and how do you create the 
alpha for the investors money over a long period rather than 
keep chasing last funding at our three years’ performance. 
And there are number of studies, I am sure you know that, that 
where I think churning money based on the recent 
performance does not lead to better outcome for the end 
investor. I think over the years, we are seeing good number of 
our partners understanding that aspect, I think fund houses 
along with the distributor, along with all the other 
stakeholders have been making lot of efforts on that front to 
highlight the importance of staying invested for the long-term. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 41 of 58 
Initially I talked about our newer marketing campaign about 
the STP, sound investment, plus time, plus patient, and not 
trying to chase the head of the season, which really create 
value for you over the long period. And we hope that as 
markets become more mature and investors as well as the 
distributors pay a lot more attention to long-term performance 
and long-term wealth creation rather than keep chasing short-
term performance. 
Venkatesh Sanjeevi: 
But do you think AMFI as a body needs to have 
regulated mutual fund for year campaign came out kind of 
bring something on that side and try to build awareness and 
stuff just one or two funds trying to do this? 
Navneet Munot: No, I think everybody in the industry, and I must compliment 
every player over the last several years, have been working 
very hard to highlight the importance of long-term investing, 
highlight the importance of staying disciplined. The whole 
SIP campaign that how staying disciplined and keep investing 
on a monthly basis over a longer period is better than chasing 
the short-term market movement. I think it has been 
happening. The entire industry is doing it together. Can we do 
more? I mean, that is true for everything that the industry can 
do relative to whatever we are doing. And your point is 
absolutely right that all the stakeholders need to work together 
to ensure that investors look at like creating wealth over much 
as longer period than trying to change short-term 
performance. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 42 of 58 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. 
Mukherjee, Private Investor. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Mukherjee: Basically, 90% of my mutual fund holding is in HDFC AMC, 
and 90% of my portfolio shares is also HDFC AMC. So, I am 
viewing this very carefully, and what I have observed is that 
compared to other AMCs, HDFC AMC is lacking some 
aggressiveness in their portfolio. For example, if I see SBI 
Focused Fund, if I see Axis Focused Fund, they are having 
significant weight on Avenue Supermart, significant weight 
on Info Edge, and those companies which are growing very 
fast. Whereas if I see HDFC AMC portfolio, there are funds 
which are holding Jagran Prakashan, and such sort of stocks 
in their portfolio. 
 
So, my question is, if HDFC wants to go ahead with value-
based investing, this is perfectly fine. But why cannot HDFC 
AMC offer aggressive portfolio because I as an investor, I as 
a customer, if I want to invest a part of my money in 
aggressive funds, then I have to go to other AMCs because 
HDFC AMC is not offering me any portfolio of that sort. And 
what is your thinking on that because that is my first point? 
Navneet Munot: So, I think I mentioned it in the beginning, if we look at the 
longer-term track record of several of our funds, which have 
been in existence for a very, very long time, I think the 
performance speaks for itself. There could be cycles in the 
short run, but more important is the way money has got 
multiplied over the years. We talked about our Flexi Cap fund, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 43 of 58 
which used to be HDFC equity fund or the HDFC Balance 
Advantage Fund, which was a different name but the same 
product, over the years the kind of performance that has 
delivered. At any point in time, one can always pick up like 
let us say the one or two names I would not comment on the 
individual stock name, but they do not reflect the 
aggressiveness or the conservativeness. I think more 
important is remaining true to the label, remaining true to the 
fund philosophy that you have, to the mandate that you have 
and what we have communicated to the investor, and that is 
what that we have attributed over the last couple of decades. 
 
And we see no reason that most of our funds will not be able 
to deliver that kind of performance that investors expect from 
us over a long period. I think our focus has always been on 
risk-adjusted return. There are various kinds of products, the 
investors who are looking at, let us say, a small cap fund, they 
can invest in a small cap fund versus who is looking at a 
concentrated portfolio of couple of high conviction ideas. 
They can look at our Focused Equity Fund. Those who are 
looking at a more diversified across market cap can invest in 
Flexi Cap. Those who want a little bit of fixed income within 
the portfolio can look at Balance Advantage or the Hybrid 
Equity Fund. And within that, different fund managers have 
thought different investment style. And while this whole value 
and growth and quality and I just say that I mean, I do not 
know who said this that every investing is value investing, 
because when you do not say I do wet swimming, I mean 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 44 of 58 
every swimming is like you get wet. I mean in investing you 
look for value which is more than what we are paying today. 
So, different managers have a different lens of looking at the 
stocks and a different style, but I think all I can say is that the 
history has clearly proven that we have an investment 
strategy, an investment philosophy, an investment process, 
and the people who have been able to demonstrate high 
quality, I would say, performance for very long period of time. 
Thank you so much and really appreciate your confidence in 
the AMC. Thank you so much. 
Mr. Mukherjee: My second question is, how do we incentivize the fund 
manager? Because if I see, I have my fund in all the small cap, 
mid cap, whatever you say, I have my investment in all these 
funds. But when I see their portfolio, there is a significant 
amount of overlap between all these funds. So, I want to know 
how you incentivize fund managers, because if the AMU is 
increasing, it is increasing because of maybe inflation, or 
maybe new fund that is coming into that particular fund. 
 
So, what weightage you are giving to automatic increase in 
the AMC because of inflation and what weightage you are 
giving to new fund that the investor is devoting or putting into 
that particular mutual fund? Because that shows the trust that 
I am having on that, suppose, if I believe that HDFC focused 
fund will do very good, then I will pour in more money into 
that. So, what is my share of wallet? How much of that is 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 45 of 58 
coming into the incentivized system? How is it getting 
tracked? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Mr. Mukherjee, if you do not mind, maybe this would not be 
the best platform to discuss this, but if you are okay, if you 
can just drop in a mail to us or give us your contact, we will 
call you and address this query of yours. 
Mr. Mukherjee: Okay. And my last question is, I see on YouTube, although 
we have lot of trust on HDFC brand, everybody is positive 
about it, but there are several YouTube videos which are 
talking negative about the HDFC AMC, its fund managers, its 
performance. Now, if a small guy from a small town is 
viewing those YouTube videos and he is also viewing the 
video of some other competitive AMCs, he may get biased, 
how do we counter that? 
Navneet Munot: So, I mean, you cannot respond to the millions of tweets and 
millions of comments on the social media, that will not be 
possible for a company. But I think the proof is in the pudding. 
So, I mean we can clearly see the recent NFO or our Nurture 
Nature campaign or some of the other flows, the response that 
we get from the smaller towns is highly encouraging. I think 
our brand is highly respected across the country, whether it is 
large town or a small town. And I think the people look up to 
us as a highly trustworthy brand and I do not think that some 
comments here and there really impact investors’ decision 
making. Thank you. I mean you have 90% of your money with 
our fund house. I am sure there would be many other investors 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 46 of 58 
like you, and I hope there are more and more investors like 
you who have their faith in an AMC which has put the purpose 
at the center of everything that we do, which is to be the 
wealth creator for every Indian. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of 
Utkarsh Solapurwala from DAMOS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Solapur Wala: So, recently, Navi has launched its index fund at a very 
low TER ratio. So, going forward with many other digital-
only AMC will launch that at the lower TER, there would be 
price-based competition. So, what we sort of view on the 
price-based competition in India? 
Navneet Munot: I mean, in our industry, competition has always been there, I 
mean it is not something new. But of course, I think there are 
innovations and product, there are innovations in terms of 
delivering those products etc. As I mentioned earlier that 
given the opportunity in India and this industry, the more the 
merrier, more and more of these participants will help in 
expanding the market. When you just have 2.5 crore investors, 
I think for a lower fee for an AMC’s, I mean, if they are able 
to bring in not many more investors, I think as an industry 
participant, I would welcome that. Having said that, as I have 
been repeating a couple of times for us, it is like how we 
provide the right solution to each investor and each of our 
partner in meeting their financial goals. We would not really 
look at one particular product that has got a much lower cost, 
there would be various things that every investor would need. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 47 of 58 
 
I mean, if history is any guide and every investors’ experience 
would clearly state that it is not about saving few basis point 
here and there that really helps in meeting their all-life goals 
or financial goals. I think it is about the overall package that 
an AMC or an asset manager delivers. I think we always 
believe that together with all partners, both the mutual fund as 
well as the other stakeholders should work on enhancing the 
investor alpha, while we, the manufacturer, continue to work 
on delivering better fund alpha. And I think that is a more 
important part. For us, I mean, we have mentioned it several 
times, our business over the last 20 years has got built on this 
premise that we aspire to have scale. We are one of the largest 
player, we aspire to have quality, which is reflecting in our 
asset mix and in the way, we source our business, the way we 
have built our business and of course, very volatile industry-
leading profitability and would not really sacrifice one for the 
other. And all of this with purpose at the center which is to be 
the value creator for every Indian. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hiral Desai 
from Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Hiral Desai: 
So, I actually had a question on the cost side, Navneet, but you 
sort of answered that in one of the earlier question, and I think 
you covered it fairly in a detailed manner. But just wanted to 
understand, out of this sort of the total 10 basis points of cost 
that we had last year, what proportion of this would be 
variable in nature? Just a ballpark number. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 48 of 58 
Piyush Surana: 
In the past, we have talked about, roughly, out of our costs, 
between 20%25% are variable. 
Hiral Desai: 
Got it. And lastly for Piyush. Are there any other collaterals 
still sitting related to the Essel NCD or it has done? 
Piyush Surana: 
From a financial perspective, there is nothing else. It is pretty 
much done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal from 
Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
My question now relates to; we have seen a lot of traction in 
the national pension business after PFRDA changing the 
realization there. And HDFC being the largest private player 
there, can you throw some light on that business and from a 
very long-term perspective, we are, if I am not wrong, at Rs. 
18,000 crores of AUM. Now, how do we look at that market? 
Because the large part of that market is locked with PSUs, 
how do we look at it from, say, 5 years to 10 years, let us say? 
Navneet Munot: So, I mean, that’s part of one of our group company. I am sure 
you would have an opportunity to ask them about, specifically 
about that company and that business. But in general, I mean, 
of course, in India if you look at the overall savings pool, if 
you look at the demographics, if we look at our need for 
investment product, I think all investment products will 
coexist. I think mutual funds have a play, pension products 
have a play, some of the other products have a play, and 
everybody can coexist, and there is enough opportunity for all 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 49 of 58 
the players. But specifically, on that business and how it is 
evolving, I think I may have a view, but it is better you ask 
HDFC Life. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil 
Agrawal from Itus Capital Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Agrawal: 
So, my question is regarding, I mean, your flagship equity 
fund has seen significant growth in the last one and half years, 
and that has made up for some under-performance from 2015 
to 2019. But when it comes to raising capital, some of your 
competition has been quite aggressive and they fared much 
better in this regard. So, how are you looking at growing your 
AUM, both in terms of inflows and new fund offerings? Can 
you give us some color in where you are targeting also? 
Navneet Munot: So, first of all, on the performance, as you mentioned that 
there was some time when there was an issue in terms of 
performance of some of the key schemes and we have seen a 
material reversal on that front. And as I mentioned earlier that 
some of those schemes are now in top decile, in fact, some of 
them are in top quartile in one year, and of course even three 
years and five years has started looking good. And it is being 
recognized by our distribution partners as well as clients. Of 
course, it takes a little bit of time for them to recognize the 
reversal. But we are hopeful that the ones that we are doing 
and giving that message and people have been noticing it. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 50 of 58 
 
And have we done anything differently? Honestly, I mean, not 
really. What was not working in the last couple of years is 
now working. So, our investment team has seen few such 
cycles in past and that makes them stick to their conviction, 
because they have seen some of these cycles before and this 
has been like another cycle. And we are very happy to state 
that interest on those positions or on those convictions have 
got vindicated. It does take time for the market to recognize 
this fully, but we can today confidently state that things are 
improving on the ground. I also mentioned, I think in the 
beginning we mentioned about the style diversity, which even 
some of the earlier calls, we have talked about. The whole idea 
of achieving a style diversity is working out reasonably well. 
So, some of the newer fund managers are now managing 
almost 15% of our AUM and some of those funds have seen 
traction. We also have a good product pipeline in place, while 
we expect flows to start increasing in the core flagship 
products, which have one of the best-in-class long-term 
performance track record, though, they went through a cycle 
of underperformance and are now coming back. 
Kapil Agrawal: 
Could you highlight something regarding the new fund 
offerings, any particular markets, any particular types you are 
targeting? Could you highlight something there? 
Navneet munot: Maybe you have missed it earlier, we have talked about the 
categories where our presence has been less. I think after the 
SEBI classification, as far as the core categories are concerned 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 51 of 58 
across equity, fixed income, gold, we have our product basket 
almost full. We would be launching a multi-cap fund at some 
point in time, of course, subject to all the approvals and other 
things in place. We would be launching new passive funds, 
maybe some on index side, some on the ETF side, we would 
be launching some international funds, we would be 
launching some funds on the sector and thematic side. Last 
quarter, we had this NFO of banking and financial services 
and some more on the thematic and sector side are in the 
pipeline. 
 
Having said that, I think I might have mentioned this on the 
last call, my first call that I have always praised and 
appreciated HDFC AMC for one thing that this AMC would 
never launch a product because this is a fad of the season. 
Unless the investment team believes in it very strongly, unless 
we believe that at any point in time, at least a segment of 
investors would have the need for that product in their overall 
investment portfolio, unless we see a sustainability as well as 
the longevity of that product. We would not launch just 
because we want to do an NFO. I mean, we have never done 
that, and we would never do that. But wherever there are 
product gaps, we would fill that over the next several quarters 
or years. 
Kapil Agrawal: 
Sure. Thank you. I have one last question. And you have 
touched upon this before earlier in this call, regarding some of 
the newer entrants to the market investing directly. How are 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 52 of 58 
you looking to target these people? Could you highlight 
something, any particular steps that you have taken or going 
to take to target these markets? 
Navneet Munot: So, I think our belief has always been that partners are very 
important. This is a large country, there are hundreds of towns 
and 6,00,000 villages in India. There are 1.35 billion people 
across the country. If we look at the number of advisors today, 
there is like one for 17,000 people. Investing is not only about 
like an ease of transaction or doing it, but also a lot about 
behavioral aspect. And that is where the importance of a good 
advisor or a good distributor is very critical to do the hand 
holding at the right time that in the month of March 2020, you 
do not move out of equities and maybe the other way around. 
So, we strongly believe that partners have a big role to play. 
Having said that, I mean, there would be investors who will 
kind of do it yourself, DIY, just like they do for several other 
aspects in their life, and they would like to do even investing 
on their own and we would have the best-in-class platform for 
those as well. But our fundamental belief is that partners are 
important for us, and there is no reason to believe that they 
will not remain important for our business to continue to 
grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Franklin from 
Equentis Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Franklin: 
So, right now, one of the main issues which is there in our 
minds is the shift that is happening between the increase in the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 53 of 58 
number of Demat accounts and in the mutual fund accounts. 
So, I mean, right now also we have discussed this a bit in the 
call as well that when the market increases, you actually see a 
lot of increase in these Demat accounts. So, my question is 
actually based on your experience in the past, when the market 
turns around or even remains subdued or even goes negative, 
what percentage of these incremental new additions that are 
happening into these Demat accounts actually come towards 
the mutual fund category? 
Navneet Munot: I think we quoted that number earlier that between 2017 and 
2020 if you look at the proportion of the new accounts that got 
added by the mutual fund industry versus the Demat accounts, 
I think mutual fund industry was adding a lot many more 
unique investors than the new Demat accounts. Now that 
trend has got reversed over the last 15 months for variety of 
reasons, of course, markets have been favorable to people, the 
work from home may have made a difference, maybe some of 
the platforms which have made investing into secondary 
market a lot easier. I am sure that may have made a difference. 
And of course, some of the millennials and some of the 
younger investors are liking that experience. And it is not only 
in India, but I also think it has been a global trend, the so-
called Robinhood effect.  
 
Now, how do we respond? I am talking about the entire 
industry and for us as well. So, I will not look at it as a 
challenge, I mean, I would look at both. Of course, if 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 54 of 58 
everybody thinks that making money is so easy and they can 
trade and can create wealth over a longer period of time, I 
mean, that is concerning. The other way to look at it, it is a 
big opportunity. It just shows the interest in the capital market, 
it just shows that the investing habits are changing. I think 
some of the earlier ways of investing versus maybe people are 
thinking that capital markets are a better place to put money. 
So, from that perspective, it is an opportunity. 
 
So, how do we need to respond, both as an AMC as well as an 
industry? And I would say that, I mean, if you look at why 
this trend is happening, keep aside the near-term market 
movement, etc. and all, I think we need to, as an industry do 
a more, I will say, faster digital adoption, provide a better user 
interface, a better user experience when they are investing in 
mutual funds, relative to let’s say when they are investing on 
their own through some of these platforms. We need to do a 
lot more, I would say, deeper focus on investor education. 
How do we highlight the importance of long-term wealth 
creation that happens through the power of compounding by 
remaining disciplined? I mean doing, setting the right goals, 
doing your asset allocation, remaining discipline across 
market cycles and that is how the wealth gets created and 
spread that message in the language that these people, I would 
say, absorb better. 
 
We also need to redesign the product and marketing strategy 
that how do we deliver this message. As I mentioned, I mean, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 55 of 58 
a while ago that in language that they would prefer, we will 
make that content a lot more, I would say, better consumable, 
better contextual. And of course, a right kind of partnership 
that some of these platforms which have been able to attract a 
lot of these investors, they themselves have mentioned that 
large number of their investors do not make as much money 
as they can make by just investing in fixed deposits. I am sure 
you would have heard or read their comments, because they 
have the experience of what their investors are doing by 
trading in the market. So, at our end, I mean, from a mutual 
fund industry perspective or as an HDFC AMC, you need to 
partner with them and ensure that our products are there for 
investors to see with the right kind of messaging and right 
kind of packaging. I think, if we do all of this together, I have 
no doubt in mind that next few years we would also be able to 
attract a lot of these investors into the mutual fund fold. 
Franklin: 
Okay. And my next question is on the equity AUM share, both 
for you and as the industry. If you see the longer-term trend, 
the share of equity AUM has been constantly increasing and 
that has probably largely got to do because our interest rates 
are declining on a structural basis. So, probably maybe 5, 10 
years down the line also, it is very much possible that the 
interest rates may not hit the peak and it makes equity 
investing much more attractive compared to debt investing. 
So, is it possible that we could see our equity share moving to 
like somewhere around 60%, 65% kind of a level, if you have 
to just take a slightly longer-term view? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 56 of 58 
Navneet Munot: We would love to see it that way. I mean, if you look at the 
profitability, but that is not how the world works. So, let us 
say, I mean even in other countries where interest rates are 
very low, is it that people only invest in equity? I mean, even 
at negative yields there are trillions of dollars invested in bond 
funds and money market funds. Different investors have 
different income needs, different investing needs, and I think 
we need to have products for all investors. In India, I mean, if 
you look at the total size of the fixed deposit market and some 
of the other fixed income products like bonds and post office 
and all of that, I mean, that is like a large market. And there 
also I think mutual fund have a good proposition to attract 
those investors. So, I think, yeah, both will grow. I do not see 
any reason that only equity will grow and there is not much of 
scope for us to grow on the fixed income side. I think on the 
retail side, particularly, there is tremendous scope for us to 
grow in individual investors’ book. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last 
question from the line of Nitin Jain from Fairview Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Jain: 
Net of the increased ESOP expenses, what would our 
operating margins have been like in basis points? 
Piyush Surana: 
I think it is 36.5. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 57 of 58 
Nitin Jain: 
And Navneet mentioned sometime back that the funds 
managed by the newer fund managers are getting increased 
traction. So, is it possible to spell out the funds? 
Navneet Munot: Sure, we can. So, there is a gentleman by name of Amit 
Ganatra, he manages the HDFC Capital Builder Fund, he 
managers HDFC Multi-Asset Fund, he manages the HDFC 
Asset Allocator Fund of Fund. He also now manages the 
HDFC Tax Saver Fund. Gopal Agarwal, who is one of the 
other managers, he manages the HDFC’s Focused 30 Fund, 
he manages the fund called HDFC Large and Mid Cap Fund, 
he manages the HDFC Dividend Yield Fund. These are the 
funds. 
Navneet Munot: And now Anand Laddha would be managing the Banking and 
Financial Services Fund. And other fund manager, of course, 
that fund has not grown, but I think yeah maybe the 
investment cycle turns, then Rakesh Vyas, who manages our 
Infrastructure and Housing Opportunity Funds. 
Moderator: 
The line for the participant dropped. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Navneet Munot for closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: Thank you so much for being with us. And I hope you and 
your loved ones are doing well, stay safe, stay healthy. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset 
Management Company Limited, that concludes this 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
July 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 58 of 58 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
