 
 
 
August  17, 2021 
 
The Officer-In-Charge (Listing) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MINDACORP 
Head - Listing Operations, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538962 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts held on 12-August-2021 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith transcription of Conference call with Investors/Analysts held on 
August 12, 2021. Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
Kindly let us know if any other information is required in this regard. 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Minda Corporation Limited 
 
Pardeep Mann 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A13371 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Minda Corporation Limited Q1 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK MINDA – CHAIRMAN & GROUP CEO, 
MINDA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. AAKASH MINDA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
FINANCE & STRATEGY, MINDA CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
MR. NEERAJ MAHAJAN – GROUP MARKETING 
OFFICER, MINDA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY GUPTA – DEPUTY GROUP CFO, MINDA 
CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. BIKASH DUGAR – LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
MINDA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Minda Corporation Limited Q1 FY22 
earnings conference call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain from Dolat 
Capital. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, Janice. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome you all for the Q1 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Minda Corporation Limited. From the management side we have Mr. Ashok 
Minda – Chairman and Group CEO; Mr. Aakash Minda – Executive Director, Finance and 
Strategy; Mr. Neeraj Mahajan – Group Marketing Officer; Mr. Sanjay Gupta – Deputy Group 
CFO and Mr. Bikash Dugar – Lead Investor Relations. 
We will begin the call with a brief overview by the management followed by the question-and-
answer session. I will now handover the call to Mr. Akash Minda for his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Aakash Minda: 
Hi. Good afternoon everybody and thank you so much Mr. Abhishek from Dolat Capital for 
hosting the earnings call for Quarter 1 for Minda Corporation. May I request our Group 
Chairman, Mr. Ashok Minda to start with a few words please. Over to you, sir. 
Ashok Minda: 
Thank you Aakash. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. I welcome to you all to the Quarter 1 
financial year 2022 earnings conference call of Minda Corporation. I would like to thank you all 
for joining us on this call and hope all of you are doing well. 
The first quarter of financial year 2022 started on a subdued note as the country was hit by 
second wave of pandemic which also adversely impacted auto sector which resulted in demand 
slowdown and sequential recovery subsiding. Despite the challenging business conditions, I am 
pleased to inform that Minda Corporation has been able to deliver a consolidated revenue from 
operation for Rs. 559 crores for Quarter 1 financial year 2022. And EBITDA for the quarter 
stood at 31 crores and profit after tax of Rs. 7 crores with a margin for 5.5% and 1.3% 
respectively. 
Customer centricity has been our ethos and we have jointly worked with our customers during 
the challenging times. In order to service our customers better and with a positive future outlook, 
we continue to invest in expanding our capacity and all this is helping us to increase our kit value 
and content per vehicle. We are working to achieve more product per customer and more 
customer per product. 
As Minda Corporation, we are giving utmost focus on electric vehicle space. We have received 
business award of large time order of Rs. 230 crores in Quarter 1 financial 2022. I am extremely 
proud to share that so far in Quarter 2 financial year 2022, we have already built significant order 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
book in EV space. These orders are from both incumbent as well as the new player in the EV 
space. 
In last two quarters, we have won order for our new advanced technological products, such as 
smart keys, digital cluster, center console, antenna solution, DC-DC converters, battery charger 
etc. I would also like to highlight this has been possible due to the foundation which will laid in 
our Spark Minda Technical Center and advanced engineering team few years ago. I am also 
proud to share that we have entered into a joint venture with INFAC Elecs, a South Korean based 
Company for manufacturing of vehicle antenna system, a segment which has tremendous growth 
opportunity in India as demand for autonomous vehicles and connected mobility increases. 
We have continued to maintain operational efficiency to navigate through the challenges faced 
by the auto industry. Our primary focus in these times has been to create a very strong order 
book, higher operational efficiency, increased free cash flow and work towards disruptive 
technology. I would like to reiterate that Minda Corporation will continue to remain committed 
towards right capital allocation. 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to call to Mr. Aakash Minda – Executive 
Director, Finance and Strategy to give further details, how we are strengthening the business to 
enhance shareholder value. Over to you Aakash. 
Aakash Minda: 
Thank you, sir, for your future outlook and inspiring words for all of us. Good afternoon, ladies 
and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining the call today, organized by Dolat Capital for 
Minda Corporation earnings call for 1st Quarter. 
I would refer to the page three of the presentation which is already uploaded on our website. 
Your Company Minda Corporation Limited is an organization having more than 3,300 crores of 
top line, more than 16,000 people and have 33 plants and offices globally. We have more than 
6 partnerships in the automotive space. 
I now move on to the next slide which is Slide #4: 
Here I would like to share our focus on narrowing focus and deepening capabilities. As we see 
a triangle in the middle, this is our focus for enhancing the core technology & digitalization and 
customer centricity. On top, we are restructuring the organization by simplifying the structure 
over the last few years by merger of wholly owned subsidiaries. Introduction of KAM structure 
to focus on our key account customers and strategic customers. And of course, exiting loss 
making subsidiaries. We have strengthened our leadership by getting onboard rich knowledge 
and global exposure professional which have come across in various spheres. They are leading 
the organization to growth and of course, deliver consistently and on growth aspects. 
On the strategic partnerships, we have done TLA with an Israel based two-wheeler ADAS 
Company. We have also converted our TAA to a joint venture with INFAC Elecs of South Korea 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
and also, we have done an operational partnership with Phi Capital. And this is looking at the 
overall transforming of the Spark Minda Group, Minda Corporation Limited. 
I now move on to the next slide, showcasing our engineering capabilities: 
I am very happy and proud to share that even in such tough times of Quarter 1, Minda 
Corporation has filed 6 patents in this quarter. And more importantly, few of them are for our 
joint venture companies which gives that technology to our joint venture partners also. As I have 
already shown this slide previously, we are ever enhancing our engineering capability in the 
areas of advanced engineering and electronics by strengthening our members in the Spark Minda 
Technical Center focusing on electrical and electronics and light weighting technologies, power 
electronics, vehicle access, electronic hardware, embedded software, product validation, 
mechatronics. 
I would like to proudly share that the foundation laid by us four years ago with Spark Minda 
Technical Center is now giving us fruits with the new order wins and conversions that we are 
seeing in the last quarter and the years to come. 
I am also proud to share the two-wheeler ADAS partnership that we have done has now 
completed 10,000 successful kilometers on the testing validation of the roads of India in order 
to get the local adaptation and the environment. 
I would like to move on to the next slide which is focusing on the electric vehicle space: 
Here, as Minda Corporation starting from the top, we are offering many advanced technology 
products, such as connected clusters, telematics, die-casting for light weighting, various sensors, 
wiring harnesses, vehicle control unit, battery management systems, motor controllers, DC-DC 
converters, battery chargers, and smart vehicle access systems. I am proud to share that most of 
these technologies are developed inhouse by our own advanced engineering team. Other motor 
controller and BMS, we have orders for all the products which are shown here. We have won 
orders from the incumbent, as well as new startup OEMs globally. Just to share on the right, we 
have won orders from Ashok Leyland, Bajaj, Hero MotoCorp, Ola Electric, Revolt, TVS-BMW, 
Viriya Mobility. In the first quarter we have won more than 238 crores worth of lifetime order 
book from these customers. 
I would also like to proudly share in the Quarter 2 so far, in the first 45 days, we have won orders 
from these customers and beyond to a huge amount in these product lines. One such example is 
the order won of smart key systems of one of the largest OEMs, a two-wheeler manufacturer 
OEM in India. We will share the details with you in the Quarter 2. 
Minda Corporation is now going to be a very prominent player in the EV space, especially in 
the homegrown technology such as smart keys and our focus is to increase kit value. 
I move on to the next slide, the focus on sustainability framework is ESG: 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Of course, in the center our board is looking at strengthening our ESG framework. We have 
created a core committee, which has our board members of Minda Corporation Limited. There 
is a steering committee and of course, it has people from various divisions and departments in 
order to bring this focus all the way bottom up. We have a framework available which is 
developed by one of the big four companies who is supporting us in execution and planning of 
the ESG framework. Going forward, you will be able to see the framework on our website as 
well as on other forums. 
I now move on to the highlights for the FY22 Quarter 1 and industry performance. Referring to 
Slide #9: 
On the slide, you may see the key customers such as green, which are in color, which are newly 
added, which are depicting the EV space. I would again like to share here by geography, India 
still continues to be our focus area. And by end market two-wheelers is about 50%, passenger 
cars is increased to about 15% and commercial vehicle about 22%. From the business vertical, 
mechatronics constitutes about 60% and information connecting system about 40%. I would like 
to highlight again; these numbers are not comparable as of Quarter 1 and as well as Quarter 4 
because of the change in dynamics of the market. 
On the next slide, on Slide #10, on the highlights: 
Our revenue continues to grow better than the industry. Electric vehicle manufacturers give 
strong lifetime orders of 238 crores. New business won exceeds replacement business for the 
quarter. We signed joint venture with INFAC Elecs of South Korea. We have filed 6 new patents 
in Quarter 1 and one such is in cybersecurity. Nearly 95% of our temporary and permanent 
workers are vaccinated as Minda Corporation started a drive to vaccinate 100% of our staff, 
employees, permanent and contractual. 
I move on to the next slide to share about the Indian automotive industry performance: 
As we all can see, from quarter-on-quarter growth, the industry has de-grown by 35%, whereas 
Minda Corporation has de-grown by 29.5%. The year-on-year volume grew as last year was 
complete lockdown for most part of the quarter. Onset of second wave of COVID-19 had an 
adverse impact on automobile production for the quarter. The production volumes declined by 
35.1% quarter-on-quarter to 48.3 million. Volumes were impacted by lockdown in most of the 
states and lower consumer sentiment. We remain cautiously optimistic for the remaining part of 
the year going forward. 
On the consolidated performance for Quarter 1 FY22, We have posted an operating revenue of 
558 crores with an EBITDA of 30.8 crores with a margin of 5.5%. Our PAT is positive in spite 
of all the challenges at 1.3% at Rs. 7.1 million. Our exports helped us in the resilient business 
performance and better than the industry, despite challenging macro-economic scenarios. Our 
EBITDA margins stood at 5.5%. It is impacted by higher operating leverage due to second wave 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
impacting the industry. Lower aftermarket sales, product mix due to lower commercial vehicle 
as well as aftermarket and lack of commodity price indexation had adverse affect. Company 
continues to implement several cost control measures which are fixed in nature as well as 
permanent in nature. Our focus is lowering our break-even utilization levels so we can cope up 
better with any revenue shocks which may come in future. 
I would like to also highlight that our share profit from our JV has increased over quarter. And 
from the last year there was a loss of about Rs. 5.8 million is now a profit of about 2.6 million. 
And I would like to share here the concern of Minda VAST which has been always there, is now 
a turnaround story and we are now coming positive along with the order book. 
One thing I would also like to highlight, that we see month-on-month recovery in sales and get 
cautiously optimistic that Quarter 2 FY22 onwards, we will again start delivering double digit 
EBITDA numbers and by end of the year come close to about 12% is what we have indicated 
earlier. 
Moving to the next slide with the business verticals performances. 
If I start from the mechatronics aftermarket and other divisions, our revenue has seen a year-on-
year increase because of course, last year there was complete lockdown. The de-growth in 
revenue on quarter-on-quarter is seen due to the second wave. Our EBITDA margin is at about 
8.8% due to operating leverage and support by various cost control measures. I would like to 
highlight here that the capacity utilization at this division was about 60% due to higher exports 
from this division. Aftermarket impacted this division, and it fell by 41% in Q1 FY22. We are 
seeing strong recovery in the aftermarket now. Export continues to remain an engine for growth 
for this business as we have long and strong relationships with our customers. As we gradually 
recover in the economy, we are cautiously optimistic on the Quarter 2 FY22.  
In the information and connected systems, this division which is a wiring harness division 
continues to be a challenge in some respects. Our capacity utilization in this division has been 
below 50%, primarily due to the domestic and two-wheeler customers in nature. This of course, 
lowers fixed cost absorption. Fall in commercial vehicles impacted margin on quarter-on-quarter 
basis. The rise in commodity prices especially copper and lag in indexation also impacted the 
margins. As we see gradual recovery we hope, and we are working towards delivering mid-range 
EBITDA numbers in Quarter 2 and eventually take it to high single digit number in subsequent 
quarters. 
Moving to the next slide of business performance and order book: 
I am again very proud to share that in the first quarter we have won a lifetime order worth of 
1281 crores, 50 crores come from export and 238 comes from electric vehicle space. About 500 
crores comes from the replacement business and the growth engine which is 786 crores from the 
new businesses. In the mechatronics division, we have won orders worth 500 crores and then 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
information and connecting systems we have won 725 crores. In plastics and interiors division, 
we have won 53 crores lifetime order businesses which are 100% new. And in others, this is 
more so on ITS businesses that lead to about 1 million. 
The next slide, which is our joint venture update: 
I am again very happy and proud to share that we have signed up the joint venture with INFAC 
Elecs from Korea for the antenna systems for the four-wheeler industry. And here I am proud to 
share that we have already won an order book of about 130 crores in the lifetime basis. 
Moving to the awards in CSR: 
Again, very happy to share that we have won many awards from the customers in this quarter. 
Plus, more importantly we have various drives across India. On plasma donation drives, COVID-
19 vaccination drives, Arogya healthcare distribution, and of course, new school project under 
adoption. 
With this, I would like to conclude our presentation. Thank you very much. And we now hand 
over for any questions please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematix Shares. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Aakash, first question on the under recoveries due to the commodity cost increases and the lag 
impact. Could you highlight what's the overall impact of those under recoveries? And do you 
have it segment-wise? So, what's for mechatronics and others and what's for the information 
connected systems. 
Aakash Minda: 
Hi Ronak, thank you for your question. I hope you are doing well. Ronak, firstly I would like to 
highlight that our lag in the commodities per se is primarily coming from the business vertical 
two, which is the wiring harness division. Mostly if you see the copper has jumped more than 
80% in the last one year, and it still continues to increase quarter-on-quarter. So, our Quarter 1, 
again, the copper prices as well as the other commodity prices have also increased. If you see 
again, quarter-on-quarter is 15% from Quarter 4 to Quarter 1 in the copper aspect. So, here we 
have back-to-back arrangement with all of our customers. In some cases, there are about three 
months lag, in some cases there are about six months lag.  
Ronak Sarda: 
So, what is the impact assuming the commodity price remain stable from here on. So, is it like 
more of a 200 to 250 bps kind of an impact which it has on the EBITDA side? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ronak, the amount is about Rs. 6 crores in the Quarter 1. 
Ronak Sarda: 
Which is yet to come for all the inflation? 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Aakash Minda: 
That’s right. It will come in next quarter. 
Ronak Sarda: 
And the second question was on the electric vehicle order win. Congratulations on that. It looks 
a pretty large number given how the volume visibility has improved in this segment. Can you 
help us understand more on what kind of products are we going to supply, which are the big-
ticket items in here? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, absolutely Ronak. Thank you very much for highlighting that. Absolutely, it's a very proud 
moment for us and we continue to give extreme and a close focus to the electric vehicle space. 
Our focus currently has been on the two-wheeler, three-wheeler and the commercial vehicle 
space. In the two-wheeler we have won various orders from the large OEMs as well as the new 
OEMs including the largest two-wheeler OEM, Ola, Revolt, Polarity, Bajaj, etc. Here, some of 
the products are legacy in nature, or rather I would say more of premium in nature. Like we have 
been always sharing our vehicle access in two-wheelers. So, the lock-in key is now being 
transformed into the key less and smart keys. So, I am very proud to share that we have won 
orders north of 200 crores from the largest two-wheeler OEM in this quarter, which is just about 
two weeks ago. Hence you do not see it in our presentation, but I am very proud to share that. 
This is again, as I mentioned, the foundation of Spark Minda Technical Center that we did. So, 
we are seeing the fruits now. Also, to add in terms of Ola, we have won orders which is electronic 
steering column lock as well as seat latches. Again, these orders are already here with the peak 
volumes as well as the lifetime we see orders north of 150 crores in this. Going on to our EV 
products per se, we have won products on the DC-DC converters, battery chargers, telematics 
from various other OEMs including the new ones. In our wiring harness also, we have won 
orders in the electric vehicle space in the Quarter 1 which is reflected in the 238 crores that we 
show. 
Ronak Sarda: 
So, just to summarize the smart key order is not part of this 238 crores but it is for an EV product 
from an incumbent player. That’s what you said, is that correct? 
Aakash Minda: 
That’s right Ronak. It is not in the 238 crores; it will be coming in Quarter 2 for presentation. 
So, this is from the incumbent player, in the EV project of the incumbent player, in the legacy 
businesses of Spark Minda. 
Ronak Sarda: 
And purely on the new age EV components like DC-DC converters, chargers, how large is that 
order book of this 238 crores and what content does it translate into, you would know the value 
and the volume, so just on the content if you can highlight? 
Aakash Minda: 
Other than smart key, out of the 238 crores rest is about 170 odd crores. 
Ronak Sarda: 
And what would be the content for this? We were talking about Rs. 6000 to Rs. 7000 content 
extra when we were talking about electric vehicles, so is this roughly half of? 
Aakash Minda: 
This is about Rs. 3000 you can say. 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Ronak Sarda: 
Last question on the joint venture side. Pretty decent profitability despite weak volumes during 
the quarter. So, this is largely an inline quarter, right? And the numbers should continue over the 
full year period or whether any one-offs which has led to profits here? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ronak, of course, our endeavor is to improve quarter-on-quarter. So definitely that is our 
endeavors and, if again, there is no such disruptions, we continue to perform in these lines. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment. 
Ritesh Chheda: 
One question on this lifetime order decision that we saw. There was 2,500 crores new orders 
which you reported in FY21 and then in this quarter there's a new business order of 800 crores. 
Now this totals to about 3,300 crores. Now this is lifetime. Wanted to know how much of it 
would be executed annually for this year and next year, which obviously should be of growth 
over and above the volume growth of the specific vehicle class that you operate in. So, if you 
could help us understand that absolute value to be executable this year and the next year and 
how this 3,300 crores will eventually build up on execution. 
Aakash Minda: 
Ritesh, thank you so much for this. So of course, various customers have different startup 
production timelines, some ranging from 6 months to even 24 months depending on the vehicle 
as well as the overall dynamics. Definitely volumes will come into picture when we go along. 
But I will be happy to get back to you in detail in terms of the built-up year-on-year for the order 
books. 
Ritesh Chheda: 
Will certain portion come in next year, let’s say about one-tenth of this at least from 300-350 
crores additional business to be executed will come next year or these are all far dated orders? 
Aakash Minda: 
Absolutely, it will start coming from next year which is FY23. Yes, you can say around one-
tenth of this would start coming, of course, month-on-month and quarter-on-quarter. 
Ritesh Chheda: 
My second question is, last year we started supplying for the wiring harness and I think it was, 
if I am not mistaken, it was a half year supply of the BS6 product. First of all, is that correct that 
we had a half year number and hence we should get the benefit of the other half this year in 
terms of your topline? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ritesh, excellent question. But I just like to share with you that no customer or no OEM 
manufacturer has reached the pre-2019 levels in spite of investing in the BS6 regime. The story 
still continues and, of course, there are challenges now from the EV perspective. So, though it’s 
an opportunity, but when we speak about BS6 there are, of course, challenges in achieving the 
peak volumes and peak numbers for which the capacities have been set for all product lines for 
BS6. So, gradually it will increase. Gradually they will go positive, but of course, it will take 
some time. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mayur Malik from BOB Capital. 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Mayur Malik: 
Just about your new joint venture, you said this is only Vehicle Antenna manufacturing. Have 
you done any investments in this JV? What kind of JV is this? 
Aakash Minda: 
Thank you Mayur for your question. I hope you are doing well. This new joint venture is on 
account of antenna systems for primarily for the four-wheeler industry. Just to tell you about the 
product, the Shark Fin or the antennas that you see on top of a vehicle or a car for connectivity, 
it is this product that we manufacture. I am happy and proud to share that we have won 
businesses from Hyundai, KIA, Maruti Suzuki and of course, there are other customers in 
pipeline whom we are awaiting orders from. In terms of the investment, we will be making 
somewhere about Rs. 10 crores worth of investment and this will be more so on the account of 
the production line transfer from Korea to India.  
Mayur Malik: 
So, would be nice if you could share some more details on the JV. Is it like 50:50 JV, will we be 
paying a royalty to INFAC or how does this work?  
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, absolutely. Here, we own 51% and INFAC has 49%, so we own majority here. So, of course 
there is royalty like any other joint venture. Maybe I'm not able to disclose these numbers to you 
here. But yes, there is not a significant amount of royalty to be paid. It is in line with the industry 
best practices. 
Mayur Malik: 
All right. What kind of revenues should we look at and in terms of, will it be a typical margin 
profiling of between 10 and 11% and by what could be the timeline the earliest timeline and then 
we could build these estimates for? 
Aakash Minda: 
Of course, it is a four-wheeler product and of course the content is also higher. In terms of the 
overall order book as I just now mentioned as of date, we have lifetime orders of about Rs.135 
crores. Maybe by the next presentation, we'll be updating these numbers when we get the LOI 
officially from other customers which are in pipeline for these other businesses. Of course, the 
profitability of this is not going to be in line of 10 to 11%, we expect it to be higher. But because 
the import content, because of electronics the first few months of the next year, will continue to 
be a challenge. Post that once we localize, it will start delivering higher numbers. 
Mayur Malik: 
And on your operating efficiency. We did here on the opening remarks that, the operating 
efficiencies came through, but we've seen a huge dip in your margin performance and 
surprisingly it does not come through gross margin. In fact, we've actually, reported a better 
gross margin than previous quarter, despite lower volumes. I'd want to believe that there could 
have been a good pass on of the increase in RM cost, but what kind of level capacity utilization 
you would actually need to consistently maintain that 10% plus kind of margin run rate? 
Aakash Minda: 
So Mayur thank you for the excellent question. Of course, as I mentioned and rightly pointed 
out the gross margin has first increased in quarter-on-quarter basis. However, the capacity 
utilization definitely continues to be a challenge here. Our product mix, as I mentioned earlier 
for commercial vehicles as well as the profit from the aftermarket has come down here and there 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
is a lag in commodity indexation that we have seen. As I've already explained, before of this, 
definitely initiatives such as the productivity improvement, employee performance, those have 
been challenged this quarter because of the reverse migration of employees going back to their, 
in spite of below 50% capacity utilization, we've been able to generate positive PAT of 1.3%. 
Mayur Malik: 
Is it safe to assume that as you reach 70, 75 you could hit back the double-digit margin? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. If you also see in the last quarter as well, even we were more so on up on the 85% capacity 
utilization we have posted strong results, so our endeavor is to go back once the demand picks 
up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from Edelweiss. 
Chirag Shah: 
I have three questions. The first one is localization. So, when BS6 came we were also hoping 
that we will be able to localize the content in wiring harness over a period of time. And our 
margins will improve. Where are we in that journey? Because it appears localization is lagging 
and hence our gross margins versus what they were pre-BS6 era are lower, this is for the wiring 
harness business that is the first question. And why is the delay?  
Aakash Minda: 
So, Chirag, I hope you're doing well first of all, and thank you for the question. As we've been 
explaining in last conversations also, localization continues to be our priority and we are well 
within our targets and journey. However, of course due to the low intake of the customer, the 
low priority of the customer for testing validations of these components, they continue to be a 
challenge. Definitely I will not, maybe name the geopolitical issue, then the board issue etc. that 
might create this. But our endeavor is to localize more and more and as I can promise and assure 
you that we are very well in the line of our plan, in order to turn around our wiring harness 
division, in terms of connection systems and localization contents.  
Chirag Shah: 
But can you share some light when do you expect acceptance from OEMs? Are they interactions 
have increased? Is it still a year away because first they have to accept, they have to inspect, then 
maybe another six months it will take time for it to flow in our P&L? 
Aakash Minda: 
The localization is not only the factor. Okay. For our complete division there are various avenues 
that we are working on and to begin with the copper or the raw material indexation. So, we are, 
again taken a very, lot of strategic initiatives in order to reduce this impact as low as possible 
from Quarter 2.  Number two, on account of productivity improvement as I mentioned, we could 
see the Quarter 4 results which are improving, but Quarter 1 has taken a downturn to do the 
reverse migration and the efforts there. Third, on account of localization definitely, we will see 
quarter-on-quarter improvement. It is hard for me to share annual number or a quarterly number, 
because of the reasons just now mentioned, but definitely from a year perspective, we see about 
a 1% from the wiring harness division improvement. Let's say about two years from now or 18 
months to 2 years, we will see about 2% improvement in our wiring harness division EBITDA 
percentage, if those are the numbers you are looking for.  

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Chirag Shah: 
This improvement is due to localization you’re saying and not operating unit benefit, right? 
Aakash Minda: 
That's right.  
Chirag Shah: 
This is helpful. Similarly, on this INFAC JV, you mentioned, initially the import content will be 
higher. Is it possible to indicate what parts the import content is higher and hence how fast it can 
get localized? Because ideally this Shark Fin business should be a reasonably high margin, at 
least high ROCE business for us. 
Aakash Minda: 
Firstly, these products are currently being supplied from Korea by our JV partner. to the 
customers in India   We, as suppliers cannot make changes, because that calls for many technical, 
validations, which are required by the customer, which take time. Hence, going forward by end 
of the next quarter, we will be working towards starting supplies and validation, from the Indian, 
perspective to our customers in India. SOP will be planned about end of this year to begin with. 
And in our plan, what we have proposed is to localize these components by mid of next year, 
because these are some regulations, post customer requirements that, after SOP of at least six 
months, then only a supply can work towards localization. Regarding the components that are 
currently being imported, it is most of the assemblies related to electronics that are being 
imported from them. Again, mechanical parts are being already developed locally here. To say 
about 90% is still imported.  
Chirag Shah: 
Just one follow-up on this INFAC JV. I presume there is no restriction in approaching any 
customer, right. You could get business from, and who would be your competitors today in India, 
I would think Tata Motors, or M&M or Honda, or the other Japanese names for example, 
everybody would be importing and is that correct understanding? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, to first of all, share with you there is binding to go to any customer. We are happy to serve 
all the segments and all the customers, including four-wheeler, two-wheeler, commercial 
vehicles and tractors. As I mentioned, with even our JV partner, we have won orders from 
Hyundai, KIA, Maruti Suzuki. Again, now we are waiting for the LOIs from two of new 
customers and of course additional volumes and additional platform from the existing customers, 
which of course I cannot disclose until and unless I get the LOI, but the order is confirmed, to 
give you that confirmation. Regarding our competition, of course there are few players from 
Korea as well as from Japan. Of course, this is a public news so, you may look for yourself as 
well. And everybody's importing right now, and I can share with you that we are the Company 
who has localized most in our as compared to others.  
Chirag Shah: 
The last piece of question was, where you explained INFAC very well, is it possible to indicate 
about the other two new JVs, the Ride Vision and TLA JV that in terms of what exactly the 
product will be, the revenue potential, and as well as our holding in these two JVs, it would be 
helpful? 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Aakash Minda: 
So, Ride Vision is not a JV, it is a TLA, Technology License Agreement with this Company, 
Ride Vision from Israel. They are the only Company in the world who is manufacturing camera-
based two-wheeler collision avoidance system. As you know that again in India, we are the only 
Company to offer this technology. Of course, there are, various, challenges and opportunities. 
From the challenge perspective is that the regulations, so of course, government is working 
towards, coming up with safety and ADAS related regulations and we are hopeful that, they will 
support us as well. We are of course requesting various bodies to support us and get this 
technology. Regarding the potential of course, we are already in touch with the various 
customers. We have already demonstrated this product on road to our various customers and 
customers are showing interest. Definitely we have to do the local adaptation for the Indian 
environment. As we all know, our infrastructure is not the best compared to the world, but with 
the local expertise that we have, with the rain environment or dawn or dusk, as well as the other 
challenges, we are successfully now localizing this in terms of the adaptability. So, you will have 
to give us at least a couple of months’ time to adapt it to the local environment. In parallel, we 
are working with the customers but more so looking at the premium product, it is expected to 
come in the high-end bikes or more so cruisers which are pan-India compared to the commuter 
segment. This is what we foresee right now. 
Chirag Shah: 
The third entity, because the presentation indicates six partnerships. So, Ride Vision, INFAC, 
and the third entity, if you can brief this could be helpful? 
Aakash Minda: 
We have six partnerships, first is the Stoneridge, which manufacturers, instrument clusters and 
sensors, where we have 51% partnership. So, this partnership is going strong. We offer products 
in terms of advanced electronics and technology. The second partnership is VAST, which is 
manufacturing four-wheeler access systems. Here, the partnership is 50:50%. This is a product 
line which we are going forward, going to be on the premium side as well as the comfort and 
access. The third is the Silca, where it is into key systems or machining systems. The fourth is 
INFAC, which I just now explained, fifth is Furukawa Electric, where we are manufacturing 
wiring harness for four-wheeler Japanese OEMs where Minda Corporation owns 25% and Ride 
Vision is TLA, which I just now explained.  
Chirag Shah: 
I was referring to Silca, if you can just also brief the wave and indicate on Ride Vision. On Silca, 
what exactly the product is and how big opportunities and when we can see that flowing in our 
P&L? 
Aakash Minda: 
 So again, Silca is making keys for our vehicle access systems. Again, it's a very insignificant 
amount in our own portfolio. Bikash will be happy to provide you details after this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta, AM Investments. 
Apurva Mehta:  
Can you throw some light on, how is July and August is panning and what's the capacity 
utilization currently we are doing?  

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Aakash Minda: 
So, July and August are good index, but as we know the industry is still picking up, four- 
wheeler, cars is doing better compared to the two-wheeler and commercial vehicles. Of course, 
as our organization, about 50% comes from the two-wheeler space. So, when we really look at 
the July and August numbers, we are expecting to go towards the 70%-75% of our capacities in 
order to service these customers here.  
Apurva Mehta: 
On the keyless side, where we won orders. What is your feeling and how are we, what's the 
customer feedback you are getting from different current customer and how are we planning to 
go ahead and what is your feeling of getting more orders for this? 
Aakash Minda: 
I think keyless systems, is our most talked about product and I am very again proud to share that 
we are the world leaders in this. We have 21 patents only in the last few year globally for this 
technology. I would say that there is no other player in the world who is competing with us in 
this technology, since it is a product which goes through premiumization and electronification. 
Now it will add content per vehicle for Minda Corporation in the bikes to come. To begin with 
of course we have won orders, I just now explained to you, the recent significant order, which 
is won, maybe a week or two ago from one of the largest or number one motorcycle player in 
the world for about north of Rs. 200 crores especially in the EV space. There are of course other 
customers that we are supplying to and also happy to share that this is already into startup 
production and do mass production and we are exporting this product into Europe already with 
our customers. We are in discussion with various customers which are again incumbent as well 
as new in nature. There are eight current programs which are running, with various customers, 
whom we are engaging with, and the talks are in advanced stages. Surely, we are hoping to get 
these orders. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Any wins for the four-wheeler side maybe in export or in domestic, any wins with likely wins 
on the four-wheeler side? 
Aakash Minda: 
On the four-wheeler side, our joint venture Company, Minda VAST leads all these initiatives. 
Again, we have won orders from Maruti Suzuki and Toyota with a new upcoming platform, in 
Bangalore. We also won orders from Volkswagen, India in such technology, which is vehicle 
access in terms of outdoor handles, indoor handles and other product lines. But the four-wheeler 
is catered by our joint venture Company.  
Apurva Mehta: 
So, on the keyless side also that will be captured by joint venture?  
Aakash Minda: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jagwani from PGIM India Mutual Fund. 
Rahul Jagwani: 
I just, want a view on this chip shortage and the semiconductor shortage, I mean, how do you 
expect that to impact volumes, in this quarter going ahead. Do you think utilization will still be 
low? I mean, what's your view on that? 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Aakash Minda: 
So, thank you Rahul. Great question I think this is concern which is bothering at the global level 
so to say. We can see big OEMs being closed for weeks and months around the world. As late 
as, Maruti Suzuki, having challenges in Gujarat facility last week. Definitely this impacts the 
overall supply chain, and we are also a very integral part of it. In terms of these semiconductors 
and electronics, most is impacted in our clusters business and rest we are not a big consumer of 
electronics so to say. Of course, going forward we will be, but as of the current state, we are not. 
We have taken various actions and activities to make sure that because of us, the customer lines 
do not face any issues. As we are extending our support to our peers also, by various actions, 
which is non-unconditional and non-negotiable settlements, non-cancelable and non-risky 
executable orders given to suppliers, lead time is extremely high which is suddenly increased 
from 26 weeks to plus 52 weeks. We continue to find various new avenues. We have asked our 
engineering teams to come up with value add and value engineering proposals to come up with 
alternate proposals to offer these products. There are various initiatives that are ongoing, which 
I think every supplier and customer jointly are taking and of course we are also working with 
our chip suppliers as well as our esteemed customers. 
Rahul Jagwani: 
Secondly, now you also have sizable cash in the balance sheet, so have you formed any plans 
for that? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, Rahul thank you again for the question. So, we are very prudent in our M&A going forward. 
We have clearly created and listed down norms rather which we are not going to step out. More 
so we are directed by the board. We are happy to have our cash in our balance sheet, but I know 
it is impacting us, but we will simply not go out and invest or do any acquisitions just by the 
pressure of having cash in our books. We are going to be looking at companies in our own area 
of expertise in our own product domains. We are not going to do any acquisition in Europe or 
anywhere else which is having large operations or manufacturing base, that we are very clear. 
We are open to look at engineering centers and anything which gives us technology rather than 
only top line. Wherever our customers ask us to go, we will go. There are various opportunities 
in hang, but we come back to all of you when there is something significant going to happen.  
Rahul Jagwani: 
Just can you give the gross debt number in this quarter? 
Aakash Minda: 
Our gross debt is about a Rs. 502 crores. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Abhishek Jain: 
How was the geography for the aluminum die-casting business in first quarter and what is your 
revenue guidance on this business?  
Aakash Minda: 
Our die-casting business in the Quarter 1 FY22 has done about Rs. 122 crores. If I look at our 
Quarter 4 number, we did about Rs. 150 crores of die-casting business. So, it is maybe of course 
impacted by the overall outlook of the industry, but going forward, we have one significant order 
in terms of our exports, as well as domestic customers for the die-casting operation.  

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, what is your revenue guidance for the full year, from the domestic and export sides and 
aluminum die-casting business?  
Aakash Minda: 
We don't give future guidance, but what we can assure you or what we can share with you is that 
this division would aspire to grow for a CAGR of about 15% and we are looking at growing this 
further by our extreme and best relationships with our export OEMs per se, as well as, with the 
light weighting opportunities coming in the EV space as well as aluminum content increased per 
vehicle is what we are focusing on. So, definitely we would like to grow this division much 
higher, but again looking at the global outlook scenario, we are giving you maybe, pessimistic 
to a realistic number of about 15%.  
Abhishek Jain: 
What sort of CAPEX you're looking for in this business?  
Aakash Minda: 
So, for this quarter we have invested in this division, I think about Rs. 6 crores for the die-casting 
capacity increase going forward. But again, our being prudent in nature for the capacity going 
forward we are demanding and requesting our customers to maybe give us upfront or looking at 
shorter depreciation time rather than the long ones looking at the various nature. But yes, this is 
a capital-intensive business which requires CAPEX going forward. 
Abhishek Jain: 
The companies also started production from new facility in Gujarat the interior plastic division 
and also expanded capacities in Mysore and Pune as well. What is your revenue and margin 
target from the interior plastic division in FY22? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, our interior plastics division is growing significantly and thank you for asking that question. 
Last year we did a very small about Rs. 30 odd crores from this division. But more importantly, 
we won businesses for the first time in India as well as for the group in products such as advanced 
air vent systems with the new customers, such as Toyota. Also, we acquired first time businesses 
for our group like center consoles for the upcoming models of Maruti Suzuki from Gujarat. This 
is going to be manufactured in Gujarat, start-up production is going to be happening in the month 
of October, November. This is of course significant increase in our content per vehicle from the 
group perspective, as well as focusing on our exposure in the four-wheeler space. Going forward 
we've also launched and won order for the oil pan, which is light weighting, from various engine 
manufacturers, such as Tier 1 and other OEMs. We are working with them, hand-in-hand while 
everybody is now focusing on light weighting vehicles. We even strengthened our top 
leadership, in the last month by getting two very known experts on board, from the interiors and 
the plastic industry from India. Going forward for the next year again, we are looking at tripling 
our revenue from the last year, in order to gain, big sale. We already have order books in hand 
for catering these requirements. Of course, we have to invest in these businesses, looking at the 
overall opportunity but this is surely going to give us profitable growth going forward.  
Abhishek Jain: 
My last person is related with wiring hardness margin. So, in this business, RM inflation are 
paid by the customer with the lag effect of three to six months. However, in the past six months 
copper prices has gone up significantly, but it still looks it is not passed on fully. So, what is the 

 
Minda Corporation Limited 
August 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
margin outlook from this business going ahead? How much first can pass on RM inflation 
impact? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, as I mentioned earlier, we have a back-to-back arrangement with our customers, which is 
maybe somewhere three months and six months like you pointed out. With most of these, again 
if the copper prices continue to increase and the increasing trend, maybe an average of, 15-20% 
every quarter, it becomes a more so very difficult for us, because of the lag that we get 
compensated from the customer. But internally at the back end, we are working on various 
strategic, actions and activities which will reduce the impact and the losses, for such RM 
increases. This is what we would like to share, but going forward, with the various activities on 
the profitability of the wiring harness division, we plan to come back to about a mid-single digit 
number to high single digit numbers towards the next quarters.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Aakash Minda: 
Thank you so much. I’ll maybe now and over the call to our group CEO Mr. Ashok Minda for 
giving closing remarks. Thank you very much. 
Ashok Minda: 
Thank you Aakash, thank you for your explanation. I would like to thank all of you for joining 
us here today. If no COVID wave further or any other disruption, Minda Corporation will 
definitely do very well in financial year 2022. And I would like to thank you once again all of 
you and stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Dolat Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you all 
for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
