Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | 102, Wellington Business Park-I, Off Andheri Kurla Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059 
Communication Office |P 659, 6th floor, Tower C, JMD Megapolis, Sohna Road, Sector – 48, Gurgaon:122018 
(P) 0124-4992914 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990MH1994PLC080451 
 
 
 
 
AIL/SE//2021-22 
 
 
 
 
 
                                    July 21, 2021 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G 
Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst/Investor Conference Call conducted on Friday, July 2, 2021 at 
11:00AM (IST) 
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Analyst/Investor Conference Call conducted on 
Friday, July 2, 2021 at 11:00AM (IST) to discuss the acquisition of Jampp. 
 
The same shall also be available on the Company’s website. 
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
‘Acquisition of Jampp’ Conference Call 
 
July 2, 2021 at 11:00AM IST  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairman, Managing Director 
& Chief Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer 
of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Rishit Parikh – Nomura Financial Advisory & Securities 
(India)  
 
 
 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Affle (India) Limited Conference 
Call to discuss the acquisition of Jampp, hosted by Nomura Securities. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishit Parikh from 
Nomura Securities. Thank you and over to you Mr. Parikh. 
Rishit Parikh: 
Thank you Nirav. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Nomura, we welcome you 
all to the conference call of Affle (India) Limited to discuss the company’s view 
on the acquisition of Jampp. I take this opportunity to welcome the management 
of Affle (India) Limited represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum who is the 
Chairman, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Kapil Bhutani 
who is the Chief Financial & Operations Officer of the company.  
We request all participants to restrict their questions as per the agenda of the 
call. I now hand over the call to Anuj for his opening remarks post which we can 
open the line for Q&A. Thanks and over to you, Anuj. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you Rishit. Hi everyone, a warm welcome to our call today and thanks for 
your continued interest in Affle.  
                                       I am delighted to confirm that we have completed the acquisition of Jampp to 
acquire 100% ownership, full control and tech IP assets of Jampp. This happens 
at a favorable time, given the backdrop that Google has announced over the last 
week about delaying their plans to phase out cookies from their browser until 
2023. This has given a clear indication to the market with respect to the data 
privacy. The phase out of cookies from browsers which has been an established 
fact on iOS since 2018-2019, even 5 years forward, Google is still pushing their 
move by nearly two years later in 2023. Hence, our emerging markets thesis of 
expanding the mobile marketing business on the Android anchored marketplaces 
is well placed and we see a strong momentum of continued growth. Therefore, 
one should not be worried about any major changes or factor it as a risk at the 
moment. Even on the browser, the cookies impacts very little to our business 
today and there is already a significant delay that one can see that Google is 
introducing.  
                                       Acquisition of Jampp connects well to our strategy of focusing on Android heavy 
emerging markets, as Jampp is a global programmatic platform company but it 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
3 
 
was founded and is anchored disproportionately on Latin American markets. It 
has a niche and verticalized focused presence in some of the verticals in North 
American markets. This acquisition of Jampp being announced on June 9th and 
the completion of acquisition announced yesterday, is a significant milestone for 
us.  
                                       In the last financial year, we had already delivered over Rs. 100 crores of cash 
flow from operations as well as in the early part of May, we achieved the QIP of 
Rs. 600 crores. The company had already provided a clear vision that as a part of 
Affle2.0 strategy for the decade, we are looking to reach over 10 billion 
connected devices globally, anchoring our execution across emerging markets like 
India, Southeast Asia, Middle East, Africa and LATAM. We want to be deeply 
anchored on the Android ecosystem and also enter into certain niche verticals in 
developed markets as well. Jampp completes that strategy in a strong way. It is 
consistent with what we had said prior to our IPO during roadshows, post IPO, 
during QIP round and we have executed on what we have always maintained as 
our execution strategy and focus. 
                                      Jampp is a unique company. They have been in a courtship period with us since 
2013 when they were founded. I have personally interacted with their senior 
management since that time. Through these 7 to 8 years, we have carefully 
calibrated and assessed them until we found that they have reached that moment 
where they have maxed out on their capabilities and it was time for Affle to uplift 
them to greater heights and possibilities.  
In tech ecosystem, please know, there are many kinds of entrepreneurs and most 
of the entrepreneurs who reached some level of success are what I define as the 
Abhimanyu entrepreneurs. They know how to build their first team, their idea, 
the angel around, the series A, B, C and so on. They know how to get a good 
revenue traction as well but they somehow stop at a breakeven. Then, they do 
not know how to raise that next round of funding or orient to cashflow positive 
growth. The Abhimanyu’s are really strong warriors, but they fight really well up 
to a certain point and after that they just stagnate and get stuck. If you see Affle's 
consistent track record, whether it was Appnext or Mediasmart or other 
acquisitions, Jampp is no different. We have always found those moments where 
these companies have reached a certain revenue scale. They are breaking even. 
The investors are out of steam, they are not putting any further money and the 
founders are a little bit tight. We go in and acquire them, infusing spirit into that 
business with our technology, with our CPCU verticalization strategy which leads 
to better margins, profitability and cash flows. Then, we build that engine of 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
4 
 
growth from there, from not just applying technology and data but also giving 
certain level of capital support to get that engine of growth back on track. That 
inspires these entrepreneurs who already have a proven track record but 
completing them in a way that allows them to survive & well beyond that to 
sustainably unlocking greater value and growth. That is what we have done in the 
past. That is exactly what we are doing with Jampp.  
                                       Now, our thesis of doing these acquisitions is very clear. Within 12 months of 
doing the acquisition, our goal is to build these businesses into high single digit 
bottom line positive performance. That we have already done with Mediasmart 
and Appnext as demonstrated before, within 12 months of acquiring these 
companies. Therefore, our confidence was high to go ahead to do the Jampp 
transaction and say to our board that we will do it again with Jampp as well. This 
is because we have the playbook and have tested our methods of turning around 
the businesses. Within the 12-to-24-month period, we would move these acquired 
businesses to about 15%-20% bottom line positive contribution performance. To 
me, that is something that is extremely exciting because it means that we are 
buying these companies at a time but they are struggling, applying our technology 
& capabilities to turn them into higher margin performance within 24 months. 
Therefore, unlocking sustainable growth which is profitable & cashflow positive 
and bringing them to the same level of performance that Affle's current business 
is. This is the thesis with which we have gone ahead consistently and acted on 
these acquisitions whether its Mediasmart or Appnext or Jampp.  We have also 
got the management team of Jampp deeply incentivized. If you look at the deal 
structure, we are only paying part of the payment now. We are paying the other 
two tranches at end of year 1, year 3. There is significant alignment to make sure 
that these teams stay together to unlock this greater growth potential. We will 
certainly achieve that. Now, we can deep dive into any questions that you might 
have and then as part of answering those questions, I will build greater 
understanding and appreciation for what we have done.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session.  
Rishit Parikh: 
Hi Anuj, this is Rishit. I will go ahead with couple of questions on Jampp. Firstly, 
are we looking to expand materially in LATAM, in the US, and is there any timeline 
to reach a potential size and scale in these markets? Secondly, I would assume 
Jampp will be on a CPI model. Is there a plan to pivot this to a more of CPCU 
model? How do we drive that change and how long will it take? Thirdly, any cross-
sell opportunities that you see from this acquisition and any other synergies that 
can be highlighted?  

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
5 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Jampp has a small business within the Asia-Pacific region. It is consolidating our 
position as an upcoming market leader in Asia-Pacific markets - India and beyond. 
The mobile marketing associations, global reports and trackers already talk about 
Affle as the #1 platform for India and among the top 3 platforms for the Asia-
Pacific region and so on. We want Jampp to be identified as a market leader in 
Latin American markets. Considering Jampp’s past 7-year track record, their 
brand is strong. Every industry player across North America, LATAM, Asia and India 
would know of Jampp. We got so many people calling, congratulating us and 
saying fantastic team; How did you get Jampp? There is positive equity that they 
enjoy as a brand and are the only company in our ecosystem that is truly born 
and brought up out of Latin America. Therefore, to stake a claim to a market 
leadership position in LATAM, with the Jampp brand under our umbrella as a group 
is a strategic move. Now, when will we achieve that market position supported 
quantitively by the numbers, where industry reports begin recognizing that, I 
would say, give us about 2-3 years. We should by then be seen as a market leader 
in LATAM. In terms of transforming the Jampp business which is seen today as 
more of CPI, to upgrading it to the CPCU business model which is deeper funnel 
conversion metrics, we will begin to do it with immediate effect. During our long 
courtship period with Jampp, we have assessed that to hit the ground running. 
The work in progress has been extremely strong as the agreements were signed 
on 9th June and the completion happened at the end of June. The work in 
progress has been strong. We should start seeing CPCU performance and 
contribution for some part of Jampp’s business within the Q2 of this year itself. 
We have talked to all their top customers contributing almost 80% of their revenue 
during the due diligence process. We have educated them, how this acquisition 
will help the customers get better ROIs, margins and we are already seeing 
momentum. In fact, I had a call with the Jampp founders last night and they were 
saying that Anuj it’s almost a blessing. They are already seeing a much bigger 
pipeline, conversions and momentum than they have ever seen in their business. 
We have made sure that the Jampp teams are ready with the kind of training and 
preparation that we have done. We will see almost 100% transition to CPCU within 
1-2 quarters. That is what will help us drive high single digit performance on 
bottom line, sensible performance for Jampp within this year itself. That 
transformation happens by integrating our DMP, our cloud systems together with 
Jampp. To achieve that, our CTO (Charles) and his team has already been working 
with the tech team at Jampp. We should be able to achieve that within the first 
6 months and the financial outcomes of that will be seen within/around 9 months’ 
time. By the time we end this financial year, you should see Jampp transformed 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
6 
 
to CPCU business, delivering high single digit profit performance. Rishit, please 
help me revise what your last question was.  
Rishit Parikh: 
Any other cost-saving opportunities that we envisage from some of the portfolio 
holdings which can be sold in LATAM? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
There is a massive cross-selling opportunity for our MAAS, Appnext, Mediasmart, 
and  Connected TV platform. We are focused on transforming from CPI to CPCU, 
higher profitability growth and verticalization for the first nine months for Jampp. 
In the next financial year, we see them doing deeper partnerships with OEMs and 
operators, either referring or cross-selling and upselling other platforms and 
capabilities of Affle into that market. Our ambition should be to grow the Jampp 
business in LATAM and North America through Affle’s support. It can become 
almost a USD100 million possibility in a few years’ time.  
Rishit Parikh: 
From an EBITDA margin respective, will it be a 5-year timeframe for Jampp to 
reach Affle level EBITDA margins in this business? Secondly, any impact on Jampp 
due to the changes in the privacy policy in the iOS market? Thank you 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On EBITDA, first-year margins would focus on single high digits, the second year 
to focus on around 15%-20%, and the third year, it will perform at about Affle's 
current business level which is around 23%-25%+ EBITDA. It is inevitable because 
fundamentally, we would only acquire those businesses whose quality and growth 
momentum can be upgraded to the same level as Affle’s business. We are not in 
the business of acquiring businesses for size & scale and averaging us down. Some 
averaging down in a short period might be possible because year 1 and 2 are not 
as profitable. That is why we buy them cheap. We are transforming them from 
Abhimanyu to Arjun using our technology, capital and strategies. There is a 
massive unlocking of value for stakeholders over the 2-3 years (approx.) and each 
year, we will demonstrate how we are progressing.  
Concerning data privacy on iOS, we are confident that our focus on emerging 
markets deeply insulates us from iOS related changes. This is because almost all 
global emerging markets are mostly Android markets, as part of the consumer 
selection of Android as a choice in terms of the ecosystem. The Android ecosystem 
is unaffected by iOS related changes. Let us say - 50% of the North American 
market is Android-focused, so Affle will try to enter into it with the sales team of 
Jampp as we are, perhaps, the only company in the world in our business, who is 
disproportionately focused on global Android ecosystem markets. Therefore, our 
case studies on the Android platform are strong and have won global awards in 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
7 
 
many forums. If we enter a certain market, say North America, and ask for 
Android business from advertisers, by introducing Affle as one of the best in the 
Android world in terms of the business volumes, consumer profiles, processing, 
and delivering conversions on Android. It is unmatched and no other company 
that I may know of today in North America, has such capabilities. Hence, we are 
aggressively pursuing certain niche verticals in North America which are Android-
focused. That does not mean, our platforms cannot serve iOS – of course we can 
and that is a complete upside for us. If we win some customers because of the 
Android entry point, we are not hesitant to ask them to give some of their iOS 
budgets as well. That is how our strategy will work. There is an opportunity that 
lies in iOS heavy markets where the competitors are now becoming vulnerable 
and we can win against them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Mayank Babla from Dalal & Broacha Stock 
Broking.  
Mayank Babla: 
From a modeling perspective, what sort of growth rates can we expect from 
Jampp over the next 1-3 years as Jampp’s CY19 grew around 39% and CY20 dipped 
by 16%? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
We don’t give any specific business unit growth or short-term growth guidelines. 
Having said that, it is important to look at the macro factors that are providing 
massive tailwinds to the industry and across global emerging markets. Our 
industry is expected to grow at least 25% CAGR in the next 3-5 years. 
Consequently, anybody who is modeling us whether it’s our own internal teams 
or investors, analysts, because of our unique business model on CPCU and the way 
we address the consumer platform opportunity for the advertisers, there is no 
reason to not model us at 25% to 30% CAGR growth for next 3-5 years. This, I mean 
with the new base that we have got. I have already given the indicators of year-
1 and what kind of profitability or bottom-line outcomes we can derive from these 
businesses. So, that should be a realistic basis to model us and we will hopefully 
achieve or exceed those expectations. 
Mayank Babla: 
In your earlier remarks, the guidance that you provided, was it for the PAT 
margins or the EBITDA margins? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
It is difficult to speak on PAT basis because the applicability of tax rates could 
differ. When I talk about bottomline, I typically mean profit before tax (PBT) 
which means that everything is taken into the account, whether it is 
capitalization, amortization, etc., except for the tax.  

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
8 
 
Mayank Babla: 
Last question. As far as this acquisition is concerned, how will the price be 
allocated to the balance sheet items? Out of the total USD 41.3 million 
consideration, about USD 26.3 million would be an upfront payment and the rest 
of about USD 15 million would be contingent consideration.  So, how will these 
payments be treated for balance sheet accounting and what would go to the 
different line items in balance sheet? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We have initiated the purchase price allocation studies, which are being looked 
at by one of the Big4 firms. A large portion will go to the goodwill and the rest 
will go to the intangible assets which are the tech assets or brand assets or the 
customer relationship, as there is no brick-and-mortar asset available on the line 
items.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Mohan Kumar from JM Financial Service.  
Mohan Kumar: 
A quick question regarding the broader impact of cookies and how will it play a 
role here? What would happen over the next couple of years, say google wants to 
get to a better place with privacy-related concerns? What would be the impact 
on Affle? Also, please elaborate on privacy-related action that comes on the 
cookies front?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The business of Affle is in-app and on-device mobile marketing. We have been 
around since April 2005 and have seen all forms of ecosystem-level changes 
whether consumers moving from Nokia and Blackberry to iOS, Android and so on. 
In terms of data privacy regulations, these regulations came about in Singapore 
first than anywhere else in the world. It is called ‘Personal Data Protection Act’, 
came about in Singapore for digital in 2012 and became implemented in 2014 
followed by GDPR in Europe which came in 2016. We are talking about regulations 
which allow consumers to say, I consent for my data to be used or also allowing 
the consumer to say - I revoke my data to be used across any form of digital 
platforms by government regulations. And most of these jurisdictions since 2016 
in GDPR or 2014 in Singapore has still seen massive growth in digital advertising 
on mobile. We have seen through last 16 years of ecosystem changes, including 
data regulation coming in Singapore & Europe and how the market has continued 
to adapt and grow. When iOS announced that they will deprecate the cookie on 
the Safari browser; this was announced in 2018 - early2019 and then Google 
responded, saying we will also do something. Now, Google last week announced 
that we will do something about cookies in 2023. Which means iOS announcing 
something vs. Google announcing to do the same, the delta between the two is 
over 4-5 years. Affle’s business fortunately has negligible dependence on 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
9 
 
browsers and low single digit percentage dependence on iOS as a device. The 
cookies relevance is only on the browsers. In fact, we have almost 0% business on 
the browser at the moment, we have no impact of whether cookies are there or 
not there. But from an ecosystem level perspective, it gives us a understanding 
that on the Google ecosystem, more specifically on the Android ecosystem, the 
hurdles for Google to do something are much higher because Android is controlled 
margins by Google but are also OEMs and operators around the world. All of these 
large handset manufacturers have their own variants and variants of Android on 
the UI with deep customizations. They have their own abilities to have identifiers 
on that device. Affle is deeply in partnership with operators and mobile OEMs as 
part of our strategy as well. So, in next 3- 5 years, I do not expect any risk factors 
with respect to Android and Google ecosystem going through some massive 
change. More fundamentally, even on iOS let's say, iOS has made this change. Let 
me ask you if you are an iOS user in India and somebody were to give you two 
options saying - hey, this is an app which has ads in it. Please give your consent 
for it to show you an ad in a targeted manner, where your device ID is shared or 
go for another app which is a premium and you have to pay USD1 a month per 
user. I can assure you most of us on this call today, will just give the consent. 
There is already a regulation on data protection, what is the big deal? I don't want 
to pay. Never mind they will show some ads. This is the general attitude of most 
consumers in emerging markets across the world, whether they are affluent users 
or rural market users, whether they are youth or otherwise. I can tell you my 
children are the same. If they are downloading an app on their iPad which may 
be a game with ads, if I ask them - you want this version? They say No, let us take 
the free version. We don't want to waste our pocket money on just taking a game 
and paying for it. They want to take an ad funded basis. If they love it too much 
and they don't want to see ads in it, then they will pay for it. The ad funded 
consent-based business model is here to stay because the consumers want so. 
What iOS, Android and the regulation is saying is please ask for consent properly 
and when the consent is given, please make sure the data is stored properly. Affle 
is welcoming of regulations and of taking the consumer consents. We believe that 
in the emerging market’s ecosystem on Android, it is still far away before Android 
will do the consents, the way iOS is asking for it. Even on iOS, I think particularly 
in emerging markets, we will see at least 50% of the people giving consents, which 
is statistically relevant for Affle to continue its business the same way without 
any worry.  

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
10 
 
Mohan Kumar:  
You have doubled our stake in Bobble AI. Does it build a deeper network with the 
OEMs? As you mentioned, been an Android ecosystem, OEM has (Inaudible) 30.23 
pretty much, everyone has got a pie? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thanks for asking this question. It is critical for Affle to make sure that we have 
deep OEM operator partnerships and more presence across strategic assets on the 
device. Why did Affle choose to go after the keyboard app? The reason is that 
every single user on an average uses the phone more than 100 times a day. I knew 
my screen time was high, but I did not know that I go more than 100 times a day 
to do something on my device and almost invariably in all of those 100 times, I 
have the keyboard activated. Keyboard is used irrespective of whether I am typing 
a message or searching something or purchasing or during a banking transaction 
and so on. The keyboard is almost always in use. How powerful is that. Now, if 
that keyboard supports all vernacular languages of India and supports them in a 
way that you can even mix those languages; a bit of Tamil and a bit of Hindi mixed 
together or the English mixed together with Punjabi. And it can interpret that 
and help. It is a powerful tool. Before Bobble AI becomes a Unicorn, we thought 
it was sensible to double down. Affle may help them become a unicorn by getting 
them more users through our OEM and operator partnerships. Affle will help them 
drive ad-based monetization using our technology because they do not have that 
expertise. They know how to make vernacular keyboards. We are enabling a lot 
of the rest for them and we know that we are taking them to places. Before they 
become more valuable, we thought let us buy some more equity and take deeper 
position there. 
Mohan Kumar: 
Affle has cash sitting in reserves from the QIP raised recently and also has good 
cash flows. So, can we expect a bigger position in Bobble AI or any other 
acquisitions in the near term?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
We don't have the mindset of building a war chest. In fact, if we were not clear 
on the Jampp transaction, we would not have done QIP. I am a strong believer 
that we should have efficient capital raising and deployment. So whatever capital 
we have, we will deploy it carefully and efficiently. Also, at the same time we 
are quite conservative. If you look at every single transaction we have done, we 
had about long courtship periods with mediasmart, Appnext, etc. We are 
selective, careful and you can be assured that if we will do something, it would 
be with 100% conviction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Kalpit Narvekar from Allianz Global 
Investors.  

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
11 
 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
In terms of the 50% international revenue, could you give some color in terms of 
the contribution from different markets? What do you see as the underlying 
growth in those markets in terms of mobile advertising? Lastly, in terms of 
growing organically as well as inorganically, how do you picture which markets to 
enter? Is it based on which device is dominant in those markets, etc.?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Currently, our revenues are about 50% in India and 50% in international markets. 
For international markets, our focus is disproportionately on global emerging 
markets. When I say South East Asia, it doesn’t necessarily mean Singapore but it 
includes Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Philippines, Vietnam as well. All these are 
fast-growing emerging markets of Southeast Asia. Similarly, we mean the same 
for  Middle East Africa, LATAM and other international markets. All of them are 
strong emerging global markets. It is expected that our ad-tech industry will see 
mobile advertising grow at least 25% CAGR over the next 3-5 years. Multiple 
industry reports can be referred for the growth rates, by carving out these 
growth-oriented emerging markets. I expect international business to do well 
because of the sheer addressable market, right strategies across different 
countries around the world and our global platforms. We are capable of 
addressing the global opportunity anchored out of India. Also, we have built a 
strong on-ground presence in Latin America, Middle East Africa and other Asian 
markets like Japan, Korea, China, where we have built some initial on-ground 
presence. Thus, our focus is on increasing on-ground presence across these 
markets. We are not throwing capital behind but using it in a way that promises 
sensible calibrated moves with bottom-line sensibility being assured at all times. 
I expect, by end of this financial year, we should see 60%-40% in favor of 
international vs. India. That is not because India is growing any lesser or fast but 
it is just the sheer momentum in international markets that we are going to see 
not only due to Jampp but also organic growth. Every time I have given this kind 
of  guidance, India has surprised me because India just find ways to grow faster 
at the same time. I have always challenged my teams in India to keep pace with 
that. In the Bobble investment, our vernacular, verticalization strategy, going 
deeper in India to Tier II-Tier III, rural India. All of these are fantastic strategies. 
Our (CTV) connected TV product in India is getting partners every other day. It is 
moving around nicely that while all my Excel-based planning says that it will be 
60-40 in favor of international but India is doing exceptionally well. So, I am proud 
of how our teams are executing. Anybody who believes that we are going too far 
and may be diffusing ourselves, please know that we have a dedicated 
entrepreneurial leadership team who lives and breathes only India 24X7 and 
nothing else. Similarly, we have a team in LATAM now which is only breathing 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
12 
 
LATAM and just focused on that and another team which is in Southeast Asia, 
focused on those markets. Whichever geographies we are focused on, we have a 
dedicated management team and bandwidth which is not multi-tasking across 
markets and therefore not losing focus. Each of them have a clear mandate to 
become a market leaders in 1-3 years’ time and there is a clear execution plan. 
For myself, I am leading the top 20 entrepreneurs in the company and making 
sure that I am guiding them and keeping them hungry, inspired and aligned for 
long-term wealth creation for all stakeholders. We have the management 
bandwidth to build Affle to even 10X growth from here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ms. Christina McGuire from Elephant Asset 
Management.  
Christina McGuire: 
Most of the questions have been answered. Need more clarity on the cookie issue. 
I appreciate that we are less fussed about what happened on the iOS side. Recent 
Google announcement has provided some breathing room but do you think that 
Google will phase out third-party cookies? Will they retain it or will they ask for 
consent? What do you think is going to happen in few years? What are our plans 
when that happens? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
That's a great question. Thanks for bringing the focus back on to this fundamental 
macro factor. Affle's business does not depend on the browser, whether on 
Android or on iOS. iOS Safari has already got rid of the cookies and Affle had no 
problem with that. Google has already said that on its Chrome browser, it will 
deprecate cookies at some point in time, they have been saying it for a long time 
and now they have said that they won't be able to do anything till 2023. Whether 
they do it tomorrow or they do it in 2023, Affle will have zero problems with that 
because we have almost no dependence on the browser even on the Android and 
the Google ecosystem.  
 
However, your question is still relevant because the question is going towards a 
broader theme which is saying, hey, consumer seems to be wanting privacy. Fair 
enough. But I can also tell you the consumers also want affordable free ad funded 
apps and they want to try as many apps as possible whether utilities, gaming or 
entertainment and they want to do all of that as much as possible without paying 
certainly for emerging markets. Therefore, ad funded apps with consent from 
consumers, is I believe a fundamental trend and if this trend is not going to 
change. However, what the ecosystem is saying is that please ask for the users 
consent properly. Please don't just assume that you are giving a free app with ads 
and therefore you can take whatever data and start targeting the users. All people 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
13 
 
unanimously in the ecosystem would agree that the consumer right to give a 
consent or to not give a consent should be there. I am a strong believer and a 
voice in the industry favouring consumer acceptable advertising, where consumer 
consent must be taken. Consumer will give the consent because there are merits 
to give consent. Why should we be paying as consumers for everything, when an 
advertising funded model can allow us to try and explore a much wider part of 
the internet. The entire internet ecosystem is anchored on advertising because 
the consumer wants subsidized content, apps, entertainment with just ads in it. 
That is how the internet has thrived in the last 20 years. I don't see that changing 
for the next 20 years either. Now, what will be important is to respect consumers 
consent. If some consumers do not want to give the consent, please stop chasing 
them and showing them ads. Fine, ad blockers have been there all along. Now, 
there are regulations in Singapore, EU and US. These regulations have always 
allowed consumers to revoke their consent any time and all businesses have to 
stop tracking them with that. All of this has already been around for many years. 
iOS is now saying that on their iPhone device, not just the cookie on their Safari 
browser but on every app that wants to show ads, it will ask for consent in a very 
onerous fashion. That means almost telling the user - are you sure you want to 
give consent to this app, it will track you and show you ads but iOS is not stopping 
such apps. If the user is okay with that consent, go ahead and show the ads. My 
take on it is that Android also someday is going to ask for consents in a much more 
pronounced fashion. But the fundamental of this business is that the users, the 
consumers, you and I, are expected to give consent at least 50% to 75% of the 
time in emerging markets. That is statistically meaningful for us to run our 
business largely the same way. And with that, I am not losing sleep on it because 
(a) nothing is happening on Android anytime soon for like you said, it's a breather 
for the next 2 years on cookies. It's certainly a longer breather on anything to do 
with Android on In-App ecosystem. We are anyways partners with operators and 
OEMs and we have presence on the device via keyboards, which gives us an 
opportunity to have a face inside every app on the device. I am confident that 
we would net-net be a larger beneficiary of all these changes. Let us say when 
we work with operators and OEMs and are taking data about their consumers; 
they wouldn't trust any company, but a company that is a public listed, is 
accredited by Singapore vs. a smaller startup that shows up with something 
unique going forward. The regulation will ensure that the playing field favors a 
certain size of a company that can be seen as compliant with regulations and 
dealing responsibly with consumer data . They will all trust the platform like Affle 
a bit more; at the same time the governments with the regulations are clearly 
going after the larger Big 4 Tech companies and trying to clip their wings. That 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
14 
 
again has a positive impact on companies like Affle where we can take a larger 
position in the ecosystem over time. So, net-net I see data privacy and our 
preparation/strategy for that as part of our competitive moat vs. relatively 
smaller, organically growing competitors locally as well as against the larger tech 
companies. 
Christina McGuire: 
Have you seen any change in your end customer behavior on these recent 
movements in cookies or are people happy to go on as they have done in the past 
in terms of using digital ads predominantly? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
We do not track cookies or are seeing behavioral changes around. But, COVID has 
brought a massive change and acceleration of consumer digital adoption. 
Consumers across all categories of lifestyle services are going digital and their 
frequency of usage of smartphone apps and devices has gone up. The value, 
volume of the transactions and conversions that an average user is doing on their 
device or mobile apps have increased significantly. All of these trends have 
become permanent and are not only limited to lockdown. When Lockdown 
happened in India in March 2020, we were nervous as everything had come to a 
standstill. A lot of our campaigns had stopped. I have never been more nervous 
ever, except for at that time, even though my theory and logic said that ‘Hey’ 
this will help your business and help digital. When the campaigns and revenue 
stopped, we saw the consumer trends shot up massively. The advertising also 
dried up for a while, but it came back with a vengeance as well because the 
advertisers also saw those consumer trends. A lot of this transition in financial 
services, education, healthcare and fundamental lifestyle services consumption 
going up on digital at an unprecedented pace. Even after the opening up of 
lockdowns, the trends have maintained an uptick. It means once the user 
adoption curve shifted and it has not gone back and stayed there. The advertisers 
will increase their spends also as consumers are getting so deeply married to 
digital and connected devices. Cookies or no cookies. Data regulations or no data 
regulations. The reality is that consumers are not going to shift from their mobile 
smartphone devices anytime soon. Thus, advertisers have no choice but to shift 
a big part of their advertising budgets to digital. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hardik Sangani from ICICI Securities. 
Hardik Sangani: 
Hi everyone. Couple of questions related to Jampp. So, what is the customer mix 
in terms of the advertiser (direct/agencies), if any kind of information can be 
provided? Also, will Jampp continue to be an independent entity or will it be 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
15 
 
completely integrated with our platform? Also, who will be our competitors in 
similar space in those markets? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On the first part of the question. About 95% of the customers of Jampp are direct 
customers and even if there are any Ad agencies involved in the middle, Jampp 
is almost always dealing with the end advertiser directly. So, the business is direct 
to the advertisers. If we compare it with The Tradedesk for example, Tradedesk 
is a lot more agency heavy as a business. From customer concentration wise, 
there is no particular concentration risk for Jampp. Even for Affle as a group, we 
have our top 10 customers contributing about 40% revenue to the company. When 
we report our next quarter results with Jampp, we will give you some insight into 
that. I do not think there should be any material impact in terms of concentration 
risk. In terms of competitors in North America and Latin American markets, there 
is a company called Liftoff. The company is like Ironsource, Digital Turbine and 
so on and we will be actively competing with them. Ofcourse there is Tradedesk, 
but we would be competing with our unique CPCU business model vs. those 
companies who are still on a CPM, CPC or charging for the technology & data kind 
of business model. We will have an outcome-led ROI linked pricing. So, that really 
differentiates it. We are confident that once Jampp sees a combination with us, 
we will grow faster than the industry average growth in those markets. Running 
it independently perspective, I have already talked about the kind of integrations 
we will do with our data science, DMP and cloud infrastructure so that we can get 
efficiencies of scale together, cost optimizations, margin enhancement and ROI 
enhancements with our verticalization strategy for certain verticals. We have to 
provide all of that to Jampp. We would also be upgrading them from the CPI to 
CPCU business model and with that ensuring a better bottom line performance. 
So, there will be integration, that is what our playbook similar to what we have 
done with Appnext and Mediasmart. We would be still maintain for Jampp as an 
independent brand identity in those markets. The entrepreneurs will have 
reasonable level of compliance checks as well as autonomy so that they can 
breathe and thrive. But culturally, both the organizations are already blended 
and quite similar like a technology and entrepreneurial heavy culture. The 
founders of Jampp had previously started some company which they had sold to 
another public-listed company. They worked there for more than three years. 
Hence, they have the discipline and the experience of operating under a public-
listed company. We derive comfort from all of those factors. We have got a good 
asset in hand. We will transform it, make it valuable - fast growing, cash-flow 
positive within few years’ time, delivering similar bottom-line sensible and high 
growth metrics that Affle has been known to deliver in the last several years. 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital Markets. 
Rahul Jain: 
On the Jampp acquisition, what is the potential customer growth we get from 
this acquisition in terms of Affle’s full-stack offering that we bring to this client 
pool and that the overlap is very minimalistic? Secondly, on the book-keeping 
side, when do we plan to reevaluate the Bobble AI investment – in Q1, Q2 or year-
end? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
In terms of geography and customers, there is very little overlap between our 
companies. Therefore, we have great possibilities of unlocking growth by up-
selling, cross-selling some of their platform & services to our customers in Asia 
and our products and incremental capabilities to their customers in their markets. 
Our first priority is to transform Jampp and turn it into a much more valuable 
business that what it has been. This transformation is going to be our key focus 
for the next 6 to 9 months for this financial year. That includes, making sure the 
cloud systems they have are super-efficient and adding the data science and DMP 
integrations to transform their business into the CPCU business model. Ensuring 
Jampp drive higher ROIs for the advertisers, better margins for themselves and 
turn profitable. In the second year, we will do the up-selling, cross-selling based 
optimization. We are prioritizing this deeply to deliver the results. Our end-to-
end platforms are quite differentiated from what anybody else in the market 
offers there. In year-1, our focus is to transform Jampp with CPCU and bring it to 
a higher level of growth and profitability. In year-2, cross-sell, up-sell and so on. 
Now, I request Kapil to take up the question on Bobble AI investment. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
On the revaluation of the investments, it is mandated by the accounting standards 
to revalue the investments every quarter or the reporting period. Thus, the 
evaluation started from the Q4 FY2021 because the initial investment was done 
in August. Now every quarter-end, we will be assessing and extrapolating the 
value of the investment. If external valuations are required, we will go for the 
external evaluations on a half-yearly basis or a quarterly basis as the need arises. 
Rahul Jain: 
Since we announced the completion of Jampp acquisition yesterday, will it fall in 
the first or second quarter? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We announced it yesterday. But the completion happened on the 30th of June and 
the value of the assets as of 30th June will be taken. The investment and the 
payments were made in June itself. Thus, as per my understanding, the cutoff 
date may be the 30th of June itself. 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
17 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Have you seen any client behavior change in terms of whether they want to pause 
or slow down on their overall spend given the iOS policy change? Have you seen 
that behavior in our clients or the market in general? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On iOS policy, there is no change in the emerging markets. People were anyways 
focused on Android disproportionately. In developed markets, assuming 
everything else being equal, people are putting more budgets on Android as they 
are not expecting any changes there. On iOS, some of the advertisers have been 
cautious while some of them have been more aggressive, saying let us understand 
how the iOS market behaves. Now, let us go back to the basic principle why do 
people advertise on iOS? It is because the consumers holding those iOS phones 
disproportionately are spending time on their screens and those users are 
valuable. Ads must be shown to them to get the product in demand and influence 
the brand. Therefore, branding those products into the minds of the consumer. 
There is no change in the thesis now. The iOS users are still valuable, whether 
they give consent or not. If they give consent, more targeted ads can be served 
using their device ID. If those iOS users are not giving consent, then in certain 
cases, some vanilla ads can still be served. On iOS - the advertisers are still 
keeping their ad spends. Therefore, my broad view is within the next one year all 
of these turbulences will be settled. Everybody would know, how many users have 
given consent and that may be statistically valid for targeted advertising to 
continue to thrive. Thus, not only on those who have given consent, but also an 
extrapolation basis for those who have not given consent. Things will still work 
out fine. We don't expect the overall spending to go more on Android than iOS in 
one quarter or two, but eventually, the fundamentals of the business will balance 
it out in favor to keep the equilibrium.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Congrats on the acquisition. While the cookie disabling will not hurt our business 
as we are not on the browser but in the Android 12 version, they are proposing to 
cut access to the advertising ID if a user opts out, and essentially that will show 
a string of zeros to the developers. While digital advertising will continue, how 
will it impact the CPCU model which needs intelligence to target? And secondly, 
what's the timeframe for reaching this the developing markets, because it seems 
that by this year-end, it may be launched only in a few select sets of phones? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Google is deeply anchored on digital advertising. Cookie which is an outdated 
technology in my opinion and for more than 25 years of internet existing, the 
cookie has been around. I think cookie deserves to be given a rest. Even on the 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
18 
 
Chrome browser, where Google has a complete control, what have they done on 
the cookies? Nothing. Except for saying they will do something in 2023. On the 
Android ecosystem, Google has a lesser control than it has on the Chrome browser 
because the Android goes through operators and OEMs and is deeply adapted by 
them across different markets. Google doesn't have as much control on Android 
to go ahead and do some fundamental changes. The OEMs on the other hand has 
certain control for example, let us say you take a new Android phone from one of 
the OEMs and the OEM wants to make advertising revenue, the OEM at the time 
of you setting up your device will take blanket consent. Now, if they take a 
blanket consent, the problem is then solved. Google may need to do something 
because iOS has done something about cookie. But here are the ways that can 
make sure it will still work. Even if, let us say all the OEMs and the operators, 
becomes like Apple and say, hey now we are consumer citizen custodians and we 
will ask for consent. We make it really hard for advertising to happen on our 
ecosystem. Let us assume everybody suddenly behave like that, I can tell you I 
am still not nervous. As long as 50% of the consumers give consent because they 
want to use an App which is free and supported by ads, Affle’s CPCU business will 
not see any impact because that is statistically the living sample for us to run our 
data science algorithms to do any extrapolations that we do. Please know today 
the biggest challenge is just about 20% of India is online shoppers. We are 
extrapolating on the rest 80% who have not done any conversion online, to figure 
out who is predictably going to be the next shopper or not. As we go along, 
number of shoppers in India would grow and out of that if 50% give their consent, 
we will still have statistically more data to learn and make algorithms to get the 
job done. Having said that, we are still on the device with the keyboard, OEMs & 
operator partners. So, there will be multiple ways to ensure that we can be 
compliant with data regulation, privacy laws and yet achieved consent base CPCU 
business model advertising. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Lastly, in terms of our international expansion to regions like LATAM, we've talked 
about countries being added say Russia and CIS as well. From an internal structure 
perspective, how do you manage these multiple locations, or is it largely the 
regional management which takes care of the same and its oversight from the 
headquarters? How is the structure put in place? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We have dedicated teams for each of the geographical regions, like Southeast 
Asia is headed by a dedicated management team. LATAM is now headed by the 
newly onboarded team of Jampp. Similarly, for other geographies, we have an 
team that is dedicated to specific international markets. We have different 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
19 
 
management teams focusing on different geographies. We do not have teams 
looking at multiple territories and managing their time on a part-time basis. We 
have full-time dedicated management bandwidth for all these regions. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
We believe in execution focus as an organization and even as our culture 
internally, we do not necessarily celebrate multi-tasking and short attention 
spans. We like to focus our dedicated effort towards depth and breadth of growth 
within specific geographies and establishing to win and to be the market leaders. 
So, we are not looking to be in 50 countries around the world and be nobody in 
each one of them. We will attempt those countries where we know if those 
countries are part of our emerging market definition, we are playing to win and 
to be the market leaders. That means local dedicated execution focus and teams 
with only one goal which is to achieve market leadership positions in those 
markets. In developed markets, we will take niche positions. We are not seeing 
market leadership positions in developed markets as that will be an expensive 
allocation of capital to achieve. We don't need to do that.  Rather, we need to 
own our territory of emerging markets. In developed markets, we should give the 
larger players run for their money and act as strong challengers. That is a very 
smart execution philosophy that we have taken. We are convinced the current 
management team structure and the way we are leading them is sensibly in place 
not just from an efficient execution perspective but also from a good governance 
perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Khanna 
Sohum for closing comments. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thanks for your questions and for joining in to listen in with interest. I have always 
celebrated value creation within Affle. We have never celebrated or made 
internal talking points about valuation. We will continue to be high on conviction, 
confidence and competence with respect to where we are as a company. With 
Jampp completed, bobble doubled down, our CTV partnerships thriving and with 
the kind of cash we have now on our balance sheet, not just from organic cash 
flows, but also what we did with the QIP - the company is stronger than ever 
before. Our management team bandwidth is also stronger than ever before. So, I 
will reiterate, Affle2.0 is about achieving a massive reach to over 10 billion 
connected devices globally. We are laying the foundations for achieving that by 
strengthening our presence across global emerging markets, like no other 
company in the world. That gives me a lot of confidence and conviction to say, 
we will deliver disproportionate value creation as we continue on this journey. 
Thank you and we will be in touch again soon. 

Affle (India) Limited  
July 2, 2021 
 
20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Nomura Securities India, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
                            ***end*** 
 
