CAPACIT'E
INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED
Ref : CIL/STEX3O/QIFy22
Date: August 19,2021
To,
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Dear Sir
We refer to our letter dated August 07, 2021 regarding the lntimation for Earnings
Conference Call with Analysts/lnvestors to discuss the Operational and Financial
performance of the Company during Q1 FY22 which was scheduled on Wednesday, August
11, 2021 at 1 1:00 a.m. (lST).
ln this regard, we are attaching herewith the transcript of the conference call as required
under Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule lll of SEBI (Listing Obtigations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 201 5.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Capacit'e lnfraprojects Limited
OY
Varsha Malkani
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl: a/a
Mumbai (Head Office) :
605-607, Shrikant Chambers, Phasel, 6th Floor, Adjacent to R. K. Studios, Sion-Trombay Road, Chembur,
Mumbai- 400071. Maharashtra, lndia Tel: 0227173 3717 . Fax.:0227'173 3733 . Email: info@capacite.in
The Secretary,
BSE Limited
Corporate Relation Dept.
P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai-4O0 001
Code -
The Secretary,
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited
Plot No. Cl1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East)
Mumbai-400 051
ld: 540710/CAPACITE
SCriP Symbo|: CAPACITE
NcR I Bangalore
CIN : t45400M HIOL?P LC234318
wwwcapacite.in

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
Q1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2021 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all 
information should be verified with the company by the reader. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ALOK DEORA – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ROHIT KATYAL - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
– 
CAPACIT’E 
INFRAPROJECTS 
MR. ALOK MEHROTRA - PRESIDENT CORPORATE 
FINANCE - CAPACIT’E INFRAPROJECTS 
MR. NISHIT PUJARY - HEAD OF ACCOUNTS - CAPACIT’E 
INFRAPROJECTS 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen and a very warm welcome to the Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited Q1 
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Alok Deora from 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Alok Deora: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to Q1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
of Capacit’e Infraprojects. Today we have with us from the management, Mr. Rohit Katyal 
- Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Alok Mehrotra – President, Corporate 
Finance and Mr. Nishit Pujary - Head of Accounts. 
 
We will start the call with opening earmarks from the management followed by Q&A 
session. I now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Rohit Katyal: 
Good morning everyone. A very warm welcome to our Q1 FY2022 earnings conference 
call. I hope you and all your dear ones are safe and healthy. 
 
Along with me I have, Mr. Alok Mehrotra, Mr. Nishith Pujary, and SGA our Investor 
Relations Team. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to look at our results. The 
presentation and press release have been uploaded on the stock exchanges and our 
company's website. 
 
Before I take you all through the operational and financial performance, I would like to 
highlight a few points. The sentiments among real estate have remained optimistic as 
realtors manage to cope better with the second wave of COVID 19 pandemic. With 
relatively less stringent lockdown restrictions and learning from the last year we have been 
able to better weather the situation. The availability of vaccines and aggressive vaccination 
drive has further helped the optimistic outlook for the sector. 
 
The real estate sector is treading cautiously and acknowledges that there is latent demand 
for both office and residential, a bit hindered by the prolonged pandemic. The future of the 
housing sector remains bullish in view of the optimistic GDP, record high FDI of foreign 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 17 
reserves, reviving core sector indicators, credit availability to the branded developers, 
growing employment rate coupled with an attractive investment plan resulting in a positive 
developer future sentiment score. 
 
On the public sector side the industry is also doing its bit by spending health infrastructure 
to support the health infra of the country and by initiating vaccination drives to over 2 
Crores construction workers. In Q1 FY2022 due to lockdown restriction and labor 
mismatch issues, our pace of recovery was hindered  resulting to lower than expected 
execution across all the sites; however, the situation gradually improved from June onwards 
and thus the issues gradually reduced. 
 
As of today, we are close to 10,400 labor strength across all sites which is all time high. 
Due to second wave our revenue was impacted by almost 100 Crores. Our execution on our 
last CIDCO project was severely impacted leading to less than expected recovery. On the 
private sector side the situation was grim but gradually due to ease in restrictions we 
ramped up the execution quickly. 
 
In Q2 FY 2022 we move forward with optimism and keeping in mind the preparedness for 
the probable threat of third wave. The entire staff of the company has been vaccinated and 
as such we hope for a V-shaped recovery starting Q2 onwards.  
 
Furthermore, our focus was revival and growth of the following aspects: Focus on 
increasing the pace of execution across all our projects, efficiently managing our working 
capital cycle and stringent cost control measures. 
 
Now allow me to give you an overview of our operational performances during the quarter. 
The total order booked excluding MHADA stood at Rs 8,871 Crores as of 30th June 2021. 
Our order booked from the public sector at the end of June 30th 2021 stood at Rs 5,372 
Crores with 61% of the overall order book while the private sector stood at Rs 3,498 with a 
39% of the total order book. Work is going on at good pace across all project sites of the 
company. 
 
In Q1 FY2022 the company witnessed cash collection amounting to Rs 270 Crores 
indicating reasonably strong collection efficiency. We expect momentum to improve 
substantially from Q2 onwards. Our continuous focus on client quality and cash flow 
monitoring has certainly strengthened our business model especially in these challenging 
times. 
 
Our standalone financial performance for Q1 FY2022 is as follows. The total income for 
Q1 FY2022 stood at Rs 282.4 Crores as compared to Rs 369 Crores in Q4 FY2021 as 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 17 
against Rs 23.7 Crores in the same period last year. EBITDA for Q1 FY2022 stood at Rs 
41.8 Crores as compared to EBITDA of Rs 78.5 Crores in Q4 FY2021 down by 46.7% 
QoQ. EBITDA margins on Q1 FY2022 was around at 14.8%. Margins have remained 
stable due to adaption of cost rationalization measures and reduction in finance costs. 
 
PAT for Q1 FY2022 was at Rs 4.3 Crores. Cash PAT for the same period was at 25.5 
Crores. Our net debt remained stable at Rs 130.5 Crores as compared to Rs 129.7 Crores in 
Q4 FY2021 with net debt to equity ratio at the end of June 30th 2021 being at 0.14x. With 
this now I now leave the floor open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. We 
have the first question from the line of Moin Danawala from Tata Opportunities Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Moin Danawala: 
Thank you. Congratulations on a good recovery. My question is primarily around the large 
area of executed book, which is your expectation around execution coming from the BDD 
projects. Can you elaborate on how you expect this execution to be and how much of your 
revenue over the next three years is expected to come from this project?  
Rohit Katyal: 
The BDD the execution has already started a couple of weeks ago. We see this government 
push we believe that the total revenues which will be recognized in the current financial 
year at the SPV level will be Rs 300 Crores which will improve to Rs 700 Crores in 
FY2022 to 2023 followed by Rs 1,000 Crores the year thereafter. The total project on the 
LSDK basis is Rs 10,000 Crores plus Rs 1,800 Crores which comes from infra development 
so we are expecting that the total work which would start over the next seven months would 
be close to Rs 3,600 Crores and therefore this projection which have been just given to you. 
Moin Danawala: 
I understand these numbers which is Rs 300 Crores in FY2022, Rs 700 Crores in FY2023 
and Rs 1,000 Crores in FY2024, those are for your portion of contract? 
Rohit Katyal: 
No. The total contract at the SPV level, our portion is 35% share. These are very 
comfortable numbers which we have informed to you. The government has advised 
completion of the rehab portion which is of Rs 5,000 Crores over the next three and half 
years. Our commitment is to complete each building in 36 months within the date of 
handover. So, if today is zero date within three years that building needs to be handed over 
lock and key, so from that perspective we believe that the rehab portion, in all, probability 
should be completed in under four and half years. Therefore, there is clear visibility on the 
rehab side of approximately Rs 5,000 Crores revenue happening over the next four years. 
Similarly, the sale portion of the business will also start four months from now. The first 
location has already been handed over. However, those revenues have not been 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 17 
incorporated at the moment in time. The billing breakup has been approved by the client 
and therefore the revenue visibility is absolutely clear as far as BDD is concerned. 
Answering your question this is at consolidate level at the SPV level only. Our share will be 
35% of the profits. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shantanu Mantri from Think 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Good morning Sir. I have two questions firstly now with this slightly weaker first quarter 
due to the lockdown restriction we just wanted a sense that going ahead, as you were 
indicating that going ahead next nine months we should really bounce back in terms of 
execution, so just wanted your sense that say for FY2022 you think in the nine months we 
will be able to come back to that Rs 2,000 Crores revenue levels for full year, is that 
possible? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The target when we started was Rs 2,000 Crores. No one was aware that the impact of 
second wave would happen and to this extent what is lost is lost. However, the company has 
drawn now, revised execution schedule. With a V shaped recovery in Q2 and we expect a 
very strong Q3 and Q4. Now we are not accounting for the impact which may happen due 
to the third wave, fourth wave or whatever we may call that; however, since the entire staff 
has been vaccinated therefore the risk of the staff going down due to COVID, which was 
severely the case in second wave. Nearly 250 members of our staff were infected and down, 
luckily, they are all healthy now, but we do not know what exactly the impact would 
happen, how the workforce would react. The workforce reacted little bit more maturely in 
the second wave as opposed to the first wave and from that experience we believe that they 
will be much better prepared or more mature when the third wave as and when it happens 
and if it all it happens, hopefully it does not happen, so from that perspective our execution 
for the remaining nine quarters we have drawn down at a minimum level of Rs 1,500 
Crores. We will put all efforts to improve upon that and we will keep all our investors 
upraised from time to time on it, Rs 1,500 Crores excluding Q1. 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Got it, got it for the next nine months and the margins would be in the range of 15% right? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The EBITDA margins will be 17.5% which was there. In the Q1, the only impact has been 
the indirect cost. If you see our material cost are approximately 43%, 44% and therefore the 
other cost which are basically the fixed cost could not be distributed over the additional 100 
Crores of revenue which we would have achieved like we did in Q4 of last fiscal otherwise 
the EBITDA level would have been at the same level of little bit better because the finance 
cost have gone down the PAT would have been slightly better and we expect that same 
levels to continue going forward. 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Shantanu Mantri: 
Sir my second question is little broader. I mean what really worries me, say if we take 
FY2019 we have done a turnover of Rs 1,800 Crores but still if we look at our PAT was 
around Rs 97 Crores but if we look at our cash flows probably FY2019 was one of our best 
years and if we look at free cash to equity we have done negative free cash of Rs 175 
Crores. Even if I look at our last 6 years, 7 years we have been not able to generate free 
cash for equity and one of the main reasons is working capital and also we have been 
spending heavily on capital expenditure. So what my question is that going ahead as we are 
looking to better our working capital say FY2023 once we cross that Rs 2,000 odd Crores 
revenue mark, so according to you in your estimation what would be the free cash 
generation that we can generate once we achieve that Rs 2,000 odd Crores revenue mark? 
Because this free cash generation once the company proves I feel will be the true re-rating 
factor going ahead. Thank you. 
Rohit Katyal: 
See you have to first see that the cash flow from operations have been positive since the 
inception what you see is that there has been core asset investment over the last eight years 
of close to Rs 700 Crores on the core gross block. Net block it is visible to you at Rs 424 
Crores for the gross block at Rs 700 Crores because what Capacit’e Infraprojects Ltd. has 
achieved in last seven years companies which you compare have achieved in last 30 years, 
so therefore it was imperative for the company if it had to grow it had to do that capex. Last 
quarter also I mentioned that except for CIDCO capex close to Rs 75 Crores and Piramal 
Central Tower which is about Rs 14 Crores all other capex has been incurred for the 
existing order book of the company and therefore capex levels will fall. Capex level falling 
will turn the company cash flow positive. It is not question of Rs 2,000 Cores revenue that 
can happen at Rs 600 Crores revenue also but obviously Rs 2,000 Cores revenue, your cash 
PAT assuming at 9% will be reflected in your cash flow at Rs 180 Crores and if your capex 
out of that or repayment is close to Rs 90 Crores you will be still positive of about Rs 90 to 
100 Crores. Now this could improve depending on various factors like finance cost. At the 
moment, we are going through a low interest regime and hopefully if that continues over the 
next two years we are sure to see this position, so therefore the matter of rerating which you 
just mentioned. Any company which has to reach a level of Rs 12,000 Crores or Rs 13,000 
Crores of order book executing mega project in a period of eight or nine years of its 
inception has to undergo this capex cycle and this was absolutely planned and everyone is 
aware of this. Have we not done this capex the question of we executing such an order book 
would not have risen and therefore you would not been asking me this question, so this is 
my submission to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Deepak Poddar: 
Just wanted to understand, you just mentioned like EBITDA margins 17.5%. So, you are 
talking about nine months or full year? 
Rohit Katyal: 
I am talking about nine months so you will have to basically take an averaging. Our revised 
target for nine months is Rs 1,500 Crores and if you add 283 Crores to that so your 
EBITDA still would come to 16.75% to 17%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And this includes other income? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sitaraman from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sitaraman: 
My first question is can you give a sense of the bid pipeline that is ahead? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The bid pipeline continues to be very strong. Now the private sector has also started 
participating. We foresee serious good repeat orders from our existing clients. Having said 
that the order book has already got strengthened by the start of BDD project and it is 
extremely important for the company to focus on the execution and ensure that we are at 
full blog at for the execution site at all the projects. Having said that with BDD starting the 
official order book has now gone to nearly Rs 13,000 Crores and therefore this gives us 
serious opportunity to pick and choose and we do believe the company will have some 
orders in Q3 and Q4. On the private sector side also, the company sees an opportunity. 
Overall, as I mentioned last time during the investor conference call the bid pipeline for 
Capacit’e Infra stands at Rs 46,000 Crores and that continues to be in that range itself. Now 
as the order book is very strong, the pick and choose comfort which the company derives 
will continue and therefore the Rs 2,000 Crores plus order book intake stands at the moment 
in time of which about Rs 450 Crores has already been achieved. 
Sitaraman: 
On the second question can you give an idea about the working capital situation currently, 
the various receivables, unbilled revenues, inventory work in progress, unbilled portions of 
all those things? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The total debtors other than uncertified debtors stand at Rs 342.14 Crores. This is down 
from Rs 412.9 Crores which stood at the end of Q1 2021 where the revenue was hardly 
anything because it was a washout quarter then. So, if you see that in spite of growth in 
revenue the debtor level has fallen at a net level to Rs 342.14 Crores as against Rs 412.9 
Crores a year back and Rs 366.2 Crores in Q4. The total financial contract assets are at the 
same level as Q4 2021 at Rs 540 Crores or thereabouts. This will improve substantially and 
get into sales starting Q3 and Q4, so you should see a reduction of approximately Rs 100 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Crores in that. The inventory level remains stable at Rs 100 Crores over the last two years 
so there is no change in that. Most importantly, the creditor level at increased revenues has 
fallen to Rs 304 Crores from Rs 420 Crores in FY2019-2020. I am talking about unsecured 
creditors. The total creditors in FY2019-2020 was Rs 623 Crores which has fallen now to 
Rs 449 Crores. So, if you look at the total thing that one the contract asset reduction of Rs 
100 Crores happen you should be at the pre-COVID working capital level which at net 
levels were about 76 days excluding retention money. So at the moment it is standing 117 
days. So, as I told you the correction of Rs 100 Crores in working capital will lead you to 
that pre-COVID level and obviously by March end, we had projected in the last investor 
conference that this should happen by Q4 because of current financial year; however, now 
this will take one more quarter and we will be at pre-ILFS level by Q1 of next financial 
year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mohit from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit: 
Thanks for the opportunity Sir and congratulations on a decent set of numbers in a very 
challenging environment. My question on the CIDCO project and MHADA project going 
forward of course I want to know what was the run rate for the last quarter for CIDCO 
especially and how do you see the run rate going forward for CIDCO and for MHADA 
project if you can throw some light and how the revenues I think this a JV so this continued 
only through the powers of associate, is the understanding right? 
Rohit Katyal: 
If I have understood you question correctly you would like to know the run rate of CIDCO 
and MHADA project am I right? 
Mohit: 
CIDCO right now, because MHADA I do not think it has started right as of now. For 
MHADA going forward, if possible? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The CIDCO project in Q1 the total sales gross was Rs 45.99 Crores. As we said that there 
was serious reduction in labor availability across the project sites, adjusting for the decrease 
of Rs 8.14 Crores the net sales stood at Rs 37.85 Crores. In Q2, we believe that the total 
sales will be at approximately Rs 85 Crores to 100 Crores; however, we can provide you a 
detail. Our team will mail those details to you if you can provide your email to them. 
Second point is that from Q3 CIDCO project will be back to the Rs 40 Crores per month 
levels and from Q4 it will be at Rs 70 Crores level. That estimate does not change, it has 
only got delayed by one quarter. MHADA project has already started and therefore the total 
sales for MHADA at the SPV level, which is an integrated joint venture with Tata Projects 
Limited for the current financial year will be at Rs 300 Crores, for FY2022 and 2023 will be 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 17 
at Rs 700 Crores and the year thereafter will be at Rs 1000 Crores of which 35% will 
belong to Capacit’e Infra Projects Limited. 
Mohit: 
There is no hurdle as far as MHADA work is concerned anymore now am I right or you can 
work on some part and there is some issue with some part? 
Rohit Katyal: 
You are talking about the hurdles, so hurdles, one of the reasons why the project got 
delayed. The government resolution in December increased the height of building from 22 
stories to 40 stories. The IOD of CC which has been received for rehab towers. The work 
for two rehab towers has already started which should be working on six towers within 60 
days and we should be working on 10 towers within 90 days and therefore we do not 
foresee any hurdle as far as permissions from the client or execution is concerned. Now if 
there is another third wave or fourth wave or allied issues that cannot be projected in this 
moment in time. However, we are confident that the third wave will not impact the 
construction industry like it has impacted in wave 2 and therefore we are quite optimistic of 
the revenue figures. 
Mohit: 
Will the EBITDA margin of the MHADA project is similar to our standalone numbers or 
do you think it will be different? 
Rohit Katyal: 
It will be slightly better because it is a design build project. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
VP Rajesh: 
On the debt side, given the change in the revenue guidance this year, does that also changes 
from what you have indicated in the last concall? 
Rohit Katyal: 
That does not change but as I indicated last time also there could be an increase of Rs 30 
Crores or Rs 40 Crores or reduction of Rs 10 Crores but on the whole year level that will 
remain largely unchanged. You may see some reduction on that side. Going forward again 
our projections of going gross debt free in FY2023, that is only extended by one quarter at 
this moment of time. 
VP Rajesh: 
My second question is on revenue guidance, since we are reducing the guidance by Rs 220 
Crores of revenue and from the slide in your deck, it seems like we lost only Rs 89 Crores 
of revenues in this quarter which you have sort of circled as a lockdown impact. So, there is 
some delay in around 120 Crores of revenue is that the right way to look at it if I am 
missing something? 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Rohit Katyal: 
You see the momentum continued from Q4 of last financial year we would have been at Rs 
450 Crores plus. It is only an estimate that number of people reduction and therefore the 
loss of revenue of Rs 100 Crores that is an indicative figure but if you take a normal 
situation when the momentum has peaked to Rs 380 Crores in Q4 as of last financial year it 
is obvious that we would have done better Q-o-Q as the second wave not impacted. So, 
from that level we would have done Rs 450, 460 Crores very easy in Q1 of current financial 
year against which we have done Rs 280 Crores, therefore the impact can be concluded at 
Rs 140 Crores, Rs 130 Crores, Rs 100 Crores that is only an estimate which has been put. 
On the whole year, we are saying that if you leave Q1 then targeting our revenue of Rs 
1,500 Crores, it is important to know that we are already at 10,500 workmen across all the 
project sites and this momentum continues which means that you will see a V-shaped 
recovery in revenue in Q2 to some extent and to a very large extent in Q3 and Q4. 
Therefore the guideline of Rs 1,500 Crores at least revenue from the remainder nine 
months. Now whether that translates into Rs 200 Crores reduction over the full year that is 
only an indicative figure, if the company picks up pace at MHADA also that would add and 
could reach that magical figure because when we gave the positions last time MHADA was 
not included it. So, at the moment, also the revenue projections which are given excludes 
MHADA. Any positive there because the work has already started will help the company 
achieve the original target. 
VP Rajesh: 
Got it, but MHADA revenues will be coming not one the topline right it will be a one line at 
the bottom on the profitability is my understanding correct? 
Rohit Katyal: 
On the profitability for sure but since it is a company. It is an LLP and not AOP. The 
auditors are checking up and we hope that they will find some way out where our partners 
Tata Projects will recognize 65% and we will recognize 35%, so we are on that job. It 
would be in the interest of Capacit’e that it is able to recognize the 35% 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Parvez Akhtar Qazi from Edelweiss 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Sir two questions from side first on the MHADA order, I mean you obviously said that 
work on rehab towers had started. We will start work on six towers in 60 days, 10 towers in 
90 days. There is some infrastructure work also. I mean just wanted to get some sense if it 
will be possible to break this overall whatever Rs 12,000 Crores project do you have any 
idea on how much quantum of project can start in how much timeline? 
Rohit Katyal: 
You could just note it down. The project value is 11,744 Crores excluding escalation and 
GST. So 11,744 Crores, 15% is the provisional sum for infra work. Infra works is defined in 
this project as any work done outside the periphery of the building. So, any roads, 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 17 
electricals, water supply, shipping, transit, all that is housed in the Rs 1,800 Crores. So that 
leaves the LFTK work at Rs 10,000 Crores. Of this Rs 5,300 Crores is the rehab portion and 
Rs 4,700 Crores is the sale building component which includes one commercial tower. Of 
this Rs 5,300 Crores of rehab building we have to construct as per the new design and 
drawings which have been approved, 33 towers of 40-storey each without any basement and 
the podium parking which will house 250 tenements in each tower. As I have told you that 
we have started work on two rehab building of 40-storey. The total work at the end of 60 
days we would have started work on six towers and at the end of 90 days we would have 
started work on 10 towers. 10 towers would mean 2500 tenements. One building 
approximately sale portion would be close to 150 Crores so 10 buildings would mean that 
we would have started on Rs 1,500 Crores of rehab towers. Infra work cannot be projected 
maybe we would work on Rs 50 Crores or Rs 100 Crores or whatever is it. So that is not 
being included in the projections which we are giving to you. The sales side the IODCC 
should come within a week’s time; however, that entails because these are 80 storey towers 
that entails wind tunnel test which would take three months, so four months from zero date 
that is from next week four months you would start work on the sale component. The plot is 
already vacant and it can be started as soon as the permissions for wind tunnel tests are 
received. Point number three is that five months from now you would start the commercial 
towers of 60 storey approximately on the PWD land, Savli plot to be specific, and that 
means that in the current financial year including the sale component of two towers and the 
commercial building of 60 storey you would have started work on another Rs 2,500 Crores 
of building, therefore 1,500 plus 2500 is close to Rs 4000 Crores since the winning breakup 
so that is what can be foreseen as I speak to you today. Out of this Rs 4,000 Crores work 
which will start, the winning breakup since it has been approved now for all the three 
contractors Tata Capacit’e JV, L&T & Shapoorji. We foresee that billing of Rs 300 Crores 
is easily doable in the current financial year, Rs 700 Crores next year on conservative side 
and at least Rs 1,000 Crores thereafter. This is how the project is broken up and therefore it 
can be explained very well now. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Thank you and the second question what is the kind of capex that we did in Q1 and what 
your plans are for the full year. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Capex in Q1 was 10 Crores for CIDCO, the aluminium framework has been received and 
for the full year CIDCO projection continues to be at Rs 75 Crores. There may be some 
spillover for the next year or maybe it would go to Rs 80 Crores but that continues there is 
no change in that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Also we are seeing that the tier 1 developers have been gaining market share over the last 1 
year and COVID has been a blessing in disguise for them and that tier two of the developers 
have been suffering and consciously we have also moved our order book into tier 1 but 
again there is shortage of high quality contractors who can do complex jobs like high rise, 
preferred high rise, so for you as a company are you seeing that you are now having a better 
bargaining power in the market in terms of getting better pricing and better payment term 
from the private developers? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Most of the clients we work with they do not go for an L1 concept, so it is more of a 
comfort which a particular client of ours derived from ours or from an L&T or from a 
Shapoorji or others. So, people like Godrej, we see that because of the repeat order which 
we have got over the years, but not to forget although from whom we are executing nearly 
Rs 1,700 Crores or Rs 1,600 Crores of order and the entire order book is fully operational at 
the moment in time and their future launches where we will have an opportunity. We do 
believe that a big portion of our orders come from accounts, which I may say, which are 
more permanent in nature. There are clients who obviously because of increase in steel and 
cement especially are a bit concerned about the pricing. However, Capacit’e with the 
current order and especially after MHADA having gone operational we are in no hurry to 
book an order at any price which lowers our EBITDA on the cost to complete state, so 
therefore while the bid pipelines look strong our existing clients giving us repeat orders. 
The company will refrain from getting any new client which has a lower profile financially 
than what we are currently working for, at the same time bargaining power yes; however, 
when you have a relationship with the client you do not bargain you sit across the table and 
close the pricing. We would not call it bargain. We will call it comfort level which we share 
with out particular clients, number one. Number two, on the government side we see in the 
orders of Rs 400 Crores and above especially in the geographies we are, the competition 
which we saw maybe two years back in the NBCC projects, the Central CPWD projects that 
is not happening at the moment in time, so I really hope that really continues because there 
are contractors who have been severely impacted by this prolonged pandemic and I do not 
know how many of them would be able to come back so it gives them more established and 
financially sound players a better playing field than in past history. So, these are the two 
positive which I think we believe but bargaining power that is not the right word to put in. 
We would not like the clients to believe that we are bargaining. We would like to believe 
that the client to take us a partner on a long term basis, on the private sector side. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Second question was that earlier in June we had sold some stake in the company. So, I just 
wanted to understand from your thought process what was the necessity doing that and the 
way forward. 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Rohit Katyal: 
Parikshit, you are aware that Rahul and I were professionals like you are today. We 
continue to be professionals but were also shareholders in Capacit’e Infra. Obviously, as 
professionals we took loans from family and friends to start the company and it was nearly 
eight years since the loans were taken. It was important that we repay them. So the loans 
have been repaid in totality whatever they have had. However, we also utilized substantial 
part of that to put the money at SBIPLR in the company and repay expensive bank debt and 
that impact you see in Q1 fall in the interest cost by 4 Crores. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
What was the quantum of money which was coming through ICD? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Close to 50 Crores. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Great to hear that Sir. So this will eventually get repaid when you are targeting by FY2023 
end so there will be net cash so by that time you intend to repay the debt to the promoters? 
Rohit Katyal: 
We have not planned the repayment at the moment in time, but we will have more clarity 
because we have come out of a challenging Q1. We do not anticipate any further hindrances 
but then promoters or the shareholders of the company and from our perspective, the 
company’s interest is paramount, let the revenue peak then we will plan on how the money 
has to be taken out. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir in the current order when do you see the peak revenue on a quarterly basis start hitting 
and what could be the quantum, so you did mention about Rs 1,500 Crores for the 9 months 
but say over the next 4,5,6 quarters in the existing order book, which quarter you will start 
peak revenue? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Q2 projections are at Rs 403 Crores after the month of July being passed. Q3 is Rs 563 
Crores and Q4 will be Rs 650 Crores. So, you will start peaking at 650 Crores from Q4 
onwards and that momentum should continue in the next financial year excluding MHADA. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Once you see this V-shaped kind of a ramp up happening, so on the liquidity side on the 
bank guarantee, non-fund based limits, fund limits, how are we shoring our balance sheet to 
cater to this kind of growth over the next few years and are we comfortable on liquidity 
now. So, because you have taken up a resolution to raise Rs 300 Crores, so is it baked in the 
assumptions, if you could just give some sense on that? 
Rohit Katyal: 
We know that many companies have raised equity, they have raised debt. For Capacit’e if 
you see excluding the ICD which the promoters have put, the bank debt is on the fund base 
side is down by nearly Rs 90 Crores. Now we do not know what there is in store for all of 
us on this pandemic front, so enabling resolution has been taken, if the company warrants 
so be it, we will take appropriate call at appropriate time, number one. Number two on the 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 17 
liquidity front we have bank guarantees of Rs 200 Crores nearly which are available to the 
company for growth and order book to be done in the current financial year, for some 
retention money to be taken back and therefore we do not see that has a challenge in the 
current financial year. For next financial year, obviously we will be putting our proposal 
and whatever bank guarantee limits are required, I am sure our bank led by SBI consortium 
are very comfortable and they would be extending their guaranteed limits to us. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
But Sir ramping of your execution to 650 odd Crores by this year end you would not be 
requiring money, that fund raise extra fund raise also can be achieved? 
Rohit Katyal: 
As I told you there is a lot of caution to the wind, that over the last one and half year we 
have all gone through. We do not want to be caught unaware and therefore an enabling 
resolution has been taken. To answering your question that if we are peaking at Rs 650 
Crores with a majority chunk coming from CIDCO, JJ Hospital and Bombay Municipal 
Corporation, we do not see the debt level growing from the current levels. However, as I 
told you in the last conference call also Rrs 25 Crores to 30 Crores in a quarter increase or 
decrease should not be read into too much. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir last question is on you said Rs 100 Crores of recovery you were excepting from the 
contracted asset by the third or fourth quarter. So, what has been the delay attributable to 
and how long has been this delay because this summer has not really moved, if you can just 
some sense behind delays and how confidently you are like why it should get recovered in 
third or fourth quarter so what gives you that confidence? 
Rohit Katyal: 
See this includes uncertified bills. The uncertified bill is Rs 92 Crores. In quarter one last 
year it was Rs 156 Crores, FY2020-2021 it was Rs 81 Crores so we are nearly to that level. 
The only increase is in WIP of government project by Rs 100 Crores and we believe that 
this WIP will get converted into sale starting quarter two, quarter three, and quarter four and 
therefore WIP which forms a part of contract assets will reduce to Rs 100 Crores to 
approximately Rs 325 Crores when this reduces, your working capital gets unlocked and 
also you see reduction in the networking capital days by nearly 20 to 25 days because it is 
impacting both, the assets and the liabilities sites. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Anurag Jain from Green Lantern 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Just wanted you to touch upon the order inflow base so while the pipeline is very strong 
inflows have been lackluster and may be understandably so in the last few quarters. Has the 
bidding out activity started putting pace now? How do we see, nine months what are we 
targeting in terms of inflows, if you can touch on that? 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Rohit Katyal: 
Firstly, the bid pipeline is very strong. In the first quarter nearly Rs 450 Crores of inflows 
has already happened. In this Rs 450 Crores orders worth 250 Crores are without the value 
of steel and concrete. So you can imagine what is the value of orders had steel and concrete 
been added to it. For the full year, we continue to look at order inflows in excess of Rs 
2,000 Crores. Even though the official order book is already at Rs 13,000 Crores we do not 
take that anything more than Rs 2,000 Crores at this moment in time would be right for the 
company. Obviously, we do have executional capabilities that if some very good 
opportunities come by we will be there to look at it positively but ending the current 
financial year with an order backlog of close to Rs 13,000 Crores will be a historical high. 
Anurag Jain: 
In terms of profitability for the new orders booked they would be in line with the company 
as I say? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Absolutely, therefore you do not see any rush from the capacity to book any new orders we 
do not need to. Anything which adds negatively on the cumulative EBITDA or cash 
margins of the project will not be done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Samarth Agrawal from Enarr 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Samarth Agrawal: 
Please can put some light on your Fintech platform that you have launched and how is it 
working and what are the projections that you see through that? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The Fintech platform, the first phase has already up and live. We have close to 100 general 
contractors registered. We have more than 6000 labor contractors registered, and it is 
basically a labor workforce known as e-FORCE which is being done by our associate 
company where Capacit’e holds 40 stake known as Captech. We are looking to add Fintech 
module to that as a second phase which will be done over the next three to four months. The 
Fintech model will enable trade on the platform where the labor contractor will be assured 
of immediate and secured payment which would add previous value in our view to 
platform, OTS, and therefore we see explosive expansion to the general contractor and the 
developer contractor base over the next two quarters starting October onwards. Because at 
the moment people are affecting it, the smaller contractors are getting the other labor 
contractors which was not available, the platform is already being used as far as Orissa, 
Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh so we do believe over the next six months lot of 
passion will take place and once the Fintech model is attached there will be serious value 
which this platform will add to all its stakeholders and obviously Capacit’e will be a 
beneficiary of that. 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Samarth Agrawal: 
Thanks a lot. I am also using Fintech platform I am big fan of it. Thanks a lot for your help 
Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vivek an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vivek: 
Sir just one thing I wanted to understand it. You said that labor there was a shortage in Q1 
but when I look at the total intake cost it is more or less same. Is the labor cost 
implementing the earlier cost, or is it separate? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Labor is done on contractor basis, so it is generally 14%-15% of the sale value and that 
remains the same. What you see is the staff, obviously we cannot send the staff home and 
therefore the percentage to sales that has gone up because the staff continues to be with the 
company, so the cost is only the staff cost and not the contractor. 
Vivek:  
The second question that you just mentioned e-FORCE Fintech platform. Do we have any 
sort of rough sayings on the revenue from that over the next two years or so? 
Rohit Katyal: 
Sorry I am not handling that company directly. I will tell from our end, if you could share 
your number he will have a discussion and whatever information you require he will share 
it with you. We will be better prepared from next quarter to answer such questions. I was 
not prepared actually. 
Vivek:  
No problem. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sitaraman from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sitaraman: 
Thank you. Can you give an idea of total FD position at the end of June 2021 the fund base 
limit, the non-fund base limits? 
Rohit Katyal: 
The total limits assets are Rs 1,130 Crores out of which the non fund based limits are Rs 
940 Crores against Rs 940 Crores our utilization stands at Rs 500 Crores. The total CC fund 
based is Rs 190 Crores out of which the outstanding stands at Rs 120 Crores so unutilized 
limits are about Rs 450 Crores. 
Sitaraman: 
The unutilized part is 450 Crores, right. 
Rohit Katyal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
floor back to the management for closing comment. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Capacit’e Infraprojects Limited 
August 11, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Rohit Katyal: 
Thank you everyone for joining on the call. We hope we have been able to answer your 
queries. For any further information, we request you to get in touch with SGA our Investor 
Relations Advisors. Thank you. Stay safe and look forward to catching up in the next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
