The SSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540173 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript 
@ pnb Housing 
f '' 
1 
., Lim"t 
Elht?.r Ki Bt?.t?.t 
August 09, 2021 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
"Exchange Plaza" 
Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: PNSHOUSING 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript for Q1 FY2021-22 Earnings Call held on August 
04, 2021. The Transcript on Page 18 includes data on number of customers outstanding with 
more than INR 75 lakhs of exposure in the LAP book as it remained unanswered during the 
Earnings Call. 
A copy of the same is placed on the website of the Company at www.pnbhousing.com 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You. 
__::g~ Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Company Secretary & Head Compliance 
Membership No.: F2642 
Encl: a/a 
~ 
~ : gcff lffiir<;r, ~Iff 'IN-1, 22, ~ 
~ 
11Tlt, ~ ~- 110001 
Regd. Office: 9th Floor, Antriksh Bhawan, 22 Kasturba Gandhi Marg, New Delhi - 110 001 
Toll Free: 1800 120 8800, Email: customercare@pnbhouslng.com, Website: www.pnbhouslng.com 
CIN: L65922DL1988PLC033856 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“PNB Housing Finance Limited Q1 FY 2021-2022 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Participants from PNB Housing Finance: 
Mr. Hardayal Prasad  
Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Kapish Jain  
Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Nitant Desai  
Chief Centralized Operations & Technology Officer  
Mr. Sanjay Jain  
Company Secretary and Head Compliance  
Mr. Rajan Suri  
Business Head – Retail  
Mr. Jatul Anand  
Credit Head – Retail  
Mr. Neeraj Manchanda  
Chief Risk Officer  
Mr. Saurabh Suri  
Head- Remedial management Group  
Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi  
Head - Investor Relations  
 
 
 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the PNB Housing Finance Limited Q1 financial 
year 2021-2022 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi. Thank you and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you, Margaret. Good evening and welcome everyone. We are here to discuss PNB 
Housing Finance Q1 Financial Year 2021-2022 Results. You must have seen our business and 
financial numbers in the presentation and the press release shared with the Indian stock exchanges 
and also available on our website, i.e. www.pnbhousing.com. 
With me we have our management team represented by Mr. Hardayal Prasad – Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. Kapish Jain – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Nitant Desai – Chief 
Centralized Operations & Technology Officer; Mr. Sanjay Jain – Company Secretary and Head 
of Compliance; Mr. Rajan Suri – Business Head, Retail; Mr. Jatul Anand – Credit Head, Retail; 
Mr. Neeraj Manchanda – Chief Risk Officer; and Mr. Saurabh Suri – Head, Remedial 
Management Group. 
We will begin this call with the performance update by the Managing Director and CEO, 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
Please note, this call may contain forward-looking statements which exemplify our judgment and 
future expectations concerning the development of our business. These forward-looking 
statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual developments and results to 
differ materially from our expectations. PNB Housing Finance undertakes no obligation to 
publicly revise any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. A 
detailed disclaimer is in slide 34 of the Investor Presentation. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Hardayal Prasad. Over to you, sir. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Thank you, Deepika and thank you Margaret for introducing us. Good evening, everyone, and 
welcome to our Q1 FY22 results. On behalf of PNBHFL, I extend a very warm welcome to all 
of you and trust you all and your families are healthy amid the COVID pandemic. Especially the 
second wave that we have just gone through and the third wave which may hit us. 
As I talk about our businesses and financial performance for the quarter, I would like to apprise 
that in line with company's philosophy of People First, during the quarter we started a 
vaccination drive which resulted in 81% of our employees currently vaccinated, each with at 
least one dose. This was essential as our staff interacts with the public at large and also the 
borrowers and the depositors visit our branches, and it was essential not only to protect our team, 
but also protect the customers who visit our branches or whom we meet. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
The company had rolled out its agenda in January 21, as all of you would be aware, and I had 
shared related monitorable last quarter to help achieve strategic objectives of being a profitable 
and a retail-focused housing finance company which is what the company aspires to become as 
a very-very strong retail-focused company. The company also embarked upon its transformation 
journey last quarter and had named it as Project “IGNITE”. This is a long-term project with over 
12 months and diagnostic phase of the project is complete. We are entering the second phase in 
which the implementation and other things will start. During this phase, we conducted in-depth 
discussions, analysis, and benchmarking to assess the current state and identify areas of 
opportunities across our verticals. We have identified a number of initiatives across functions 
viz business, underwriting collections, cost, etc., that would increase our digital footprints 
across, grow business with efficient underwriting and collection modules, optimize our costs to 
create value for all our stakeholders. 
As part of our digital journey, we are introducing RPA’s (Robotic Process Automation) in our 
standard processes to reduce human dependencies, automate our credit decisioning for salaried 
customers to start with, and collection systems with rule-based engines and advanced analytics. 
It is an ambitious project, and it is far-reaching in terms of the way we are going to look at the 
business and the way we will deliver in terms of our digital footprints that the company would 
like to have. 
The pan India COVID wave 2 lockdown created extreme restrictions during the quarter, which 
impacted business in collections. The company disbursed INR 1,759 crores during the quarter 
with 94% of the disbursements in retail segments in line with our corporate agenda. This is very 
critical from our perspective to make the company as a retail-focused company. Our focus on 
the affordable segment continues with Unnati business. This segment contributed 9% of the 
individual housing loan disbursements and it is currently at INR 2,986 crores of AUM. The 
company has created a separate vertical for this segment and has identified 13 locations in Tier-
2 and Tier-3 city to be operationalized during the year. The first six centers go live by September 
and these centers are over and above our regular about 95 branches from where also we do 
business at different levels. The collection efficiency during the quarter stood at 95.4%, more 
because of the lockdown and major problems that India had encountered. The collection 
efficiency was the lowest in the month of May when the entire country was under lockdown. 
The efficiency improved in June and further in July. The collection efficiency for July 2021 
improved substantially to 98%. 
The company has taken various initiatives during the quarter, which include cross functional 
allocation of cases and use of external vendors to increase customer interactions, addition of 
digital payment platforms to provide ease to the customers for making payments and updation 
of collections app etc.. I think this is one of the most significant things; the way the company 
has been able to bounce back in terms of improving its collection efficiency, especially after not 
only the lockdown of almost 45 days, but also lot of intervention that the courts have taken 
during this period. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
During the quarter the restructuring scheme by RBI was extended up to 30th September 2021. 
As on 30th June 2021, INR 1,733 crores, which is about 2.9% of our loan assets has been 
restructured under the RBI resolution framework for COVID-19 related stress. This is OTR 1.0 
and 2.0. There is no restructuring done during the quarter. Under the ECLGS for MSME 
customers, the company disbursed INR 315 crores upto 30th June 2021.  
As highlighted by us in the last quarter on the co-lending opportunity we have tied up with Yes 
Bank and are under discussion with other banks for expanding our reach on the co-lending space. 
This we feel will help us in generating fee income and cross sell income along with expanding 
our customer base with minimal capital consumption. The model will also help us in onboarding 
prime customers at market competitive pricing for better retention. This is especially significant 
for HFCs whose borrowing costs are very high and it becomes little challenging for them to 
match the lending costs of banks who offer at rock-bottom rates these days because of their 
CASA and very-very low cost of borrowings. 
The company has accelerated digital transformation across its value chain. During the quarter 
the integration of ACE, our online sourcing platform, and LOS went live, resulting in smooth 
file flow in the system. This is a significant step and the logins to our digital platform increased 
from 31% in Q4 FY21 to 46% Q1. We now have some branches which are 100% sourcing their 
applications through the digital platform. I think going forward for this company this is 
something that the company will continue to push and ensure that the digital footprints improves 
significantly. The company was also, as part of the NHB’s automated data flow system project, 
which is currently under pilot phase.  
The GNPA of the company stood at 6% as on 30th June 2021 on the loan asset basis. The net 
NPA as on 30th June stood at 3.6%. In a depleting loan book, which de-grew by 19% in the last 
two years, the GNPA looks further elevated compared to a growing book. The company, as a 
prudent measure has made adequate provisions and our total provision to total asset is at 4.47%. 
The retail GNPA stood at 3.8% as on 30th June 2021 as compared to 2.5% as on 31st March 2021. 
The increase in the retail book to gross NPA is primarily emanating from the self-employed 
moratorium book, which we had communicated during the Q4 results. And amongst all HFCs, 
we have the highest self-employed footprint. The team is closely monitoring the moratorium 
book to have faster and quicker resolutions. The corporate GNPA stood at 15.94% as on 30th 
June 2021 as compared to 12.7%. The increase in the corporate book GNPA is the movement 
from stage two and SICR accounts only which we had also discussed in our last presentation 
that we had. 
On the corporate accounts, the Remedial Management Group that the company had created has 
yielded good result and is relentlessly working towards accelerated resolution of corporate 
accounts. The resolution in few of our corporate accounts got impacted due to the COVID-19 
second wave and we expect few more resolutions within the calendar year. The three accounts, 
namely Supertech, Radius and Arena mentioned in the resolution hold  aggregating ECL 
provision of around 70%. On an overall basis as a prudent measure, the company carries 15.6% 
provision on the loan assets in the corporate book with a coverage ratio of 55% in stage three 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
accounts. As per our stated position, we continue to reduce our corporate book. During the 
quarter, the company has sold and received accelerated repayments of INR 479 crores. This is 
due to the continuous engagement that the company is having with all the corporate borrowers, 
especially because of our very clear laid down strategy of ensuring that we will reduce our 
corporate book and improve or increase our retail lending. The corporate book has de-grown by 
39% in absolute terms in June 2021 from the March 2019 levels. 
Talking about the liabilities, the company is seeing a downward trajectory in the cost of 
borrowings quarter-on-quarter. The company during the financial year has worked aggressively 
on pre-paying and renegotiating its high-cost borrowings. The company during the quarter 
received INR 1,490 crores as NHB funding and the incremental cost of borrowing for Q1 FY22 
stood at 5.74%. This is the first time that we have actually reached below sub 6%. This has 
registered a decline of 52 basis points from Q4. The company has maintained liquidity of 
approximately INR 7,085 crores as on 30th June. I think the continuous engagement of the 
company and the treasury department, the CFO with all the lenders, has resulted into this kind 
of a reduction that we have experienced in our cost of borrowings. 
On the capital raise, as communicated from time to time, the matter is at present sub judice 
before the Honorable SAT and the company is awaiting the final order. However, we continue 
to operate in a business-as-usual manner and working on strengthening our position with 
gearing, which has further declined to 6.4x . And with lower share of corporate, the CRAR has 
actually improved to 21.4% compared to 15% required by the regulator. 
I think these are some of the things that I wanted to talk. But as we go forward, the presentation 
has already been uploaded on our website. And therefore, I would like to throw the floor open 
for your questions and answers. I have with me the whole top management team sitting over 
here and I would encourage you to ask questions and the respective Function Head would be in 
a position to respond to you which definitely would help you in soothe and actually help you in 
elevating your questions that you are asked. Thank you very much. And once again, thanks for 
joining us. As I see right now that are almost about 165 participants which is very-very 
encouraging for us that the interest continues to be extremely high in the company. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. 
Amit Khetan: 
Two questions over here. First of all, on the senior management team, should we assume the 
team is by and large in place and that this will be the team that will drive the new strategy 
forward, or should we be expecting significant further hiring at the senior and possibly even the 
middle management level? So, it will be good to get Mr. Hardayal’s perspective on how much 
is done and how much is left to do in terms of the overhaul of the team over here. The second 
question really has to do with processes and in any lending activity, it's only in a stressful 
situation that you actually understand how well the processes are working and what your cross-
cycle returns are. If we look at our core borrower base, which is in both salary and in self-

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
employed we gravitate to a slightly higher risk than the absolute prime borrowers that the banks 
would cater to, not massively higher but slightly higher. If we look at the yields, we are getting 
from these guys at the actual credit cost that we are getting and the operating cost it takes to 
service them, are we confident that we can get to a 15% or 17% ROE from this base? Or is that 
kind of unrealistic to expect where you look at yields given the competition, normalized credit 
cost across the cycle and realistic operating costs, it will be hard for us across 12%-13%. So, 
those were the two questions, it would be great to get your perspective on both of them. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Amit, in terms of the management team, the top team more or less the team is actually intact. 
We have had two exits from the company. The Executive Director - Risk had left in April and 
subsequently the CPO who is the HR Head, he also left because he got an opportunity to work 
in the Central Government and he decided that he needed to move. So, we are in the process of 
hiring a new CPO and we will actually onboard them as quickly as possible, probably in the next 
few months. Otherwise, if you look at the sales, the underwriting, the collection, the CFO, the 
CIO, the corporate team, this is the team which is going to drive the business, and there's going 
to be pretty good stability in terms of the way the business is going to be run. Obviously, we will 
continue to look for opportunities to augment wherever we find that there are either gaps or 
because of the environment, because of the conditions we need to actually strengthen it. For 
example, when we launched, and I mentioned to you on the Project IGNITE, the project that we 
started it could have been run internally also, but we decided that project running, project 
planning and everything is a completely different ball game. And therefore, we brought an 
experienced transformational leader who had proven ability to deliver in terms of project 
implementations and other things. So, that's one thing that we will continuously look at it 
whenever we find opportunities and we find that we have the right kind of people sitting over 
there, we will bring them. I think I failed to mention the CRO part also. We have a CRO who 
was appointed last year. He continues to remain with us, and these are the internal teams who  
did it last year. This is a strong team, which is going to be, in my opinion. 
The second question was in terms of your lending processes. I think there is no problem in terms 
of our processes. We have done a fairly good job. We have tweaked our processes whenever 
there was a requirement. We have changed our standard operating procedure whenever there 
was a requirement, and it is not that we have done it recently. Whenever the company has 
realized that there were issues that were cropping up on the portfolio side, it has responded, and 
it has tweaked its business model. Whether it was on the sales side, the kind of business that we 
source, whenever we find that there are opportunities, new markets, we will enter over there. 
Wherever we find that there are stresses building up, we definitely will look at that whether it is 
a systemic problem or it is otherwise. Similarly, you look at the underwriting, the tightening of 
the underwriting processes, the collection mechanism, there is massive amount of IT 
interventions that are being done with new rule-based engines, automated engines, RPA is being 
brought in. Another one of the most important and significant thing that we have done is that we 
are actually building up a strong and a very powerful advanced analytics team. That team not 
only there will be people working under every vertical but will also be strengthening the arm of 
the CRO. So, the CRO will look at the credit risk part and the analytics part across the 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
organization to push information back over there. There is one more thing that is important is 
that the IT now remains a very-very strong bedrock of the growth engines, digital IT, and the IT 
is not going to just provide an infrastructure. IT is going to support the business that is being 
run. So, in terms of repetitive processes and in terms of any other things, IT is going to come 
forward to re-engineering everything. I think all these things, if you look at it, should enable the 
company to actually do significant amount of savings in terms of the way we do business, 
recalibrate the strategies wherever it is, bring down the cost, improve the incomes wherever we 
find opportunities and that is the only way we can actually add value to all our stakeholders. And 
right now, we are in a midst where we have done the diagnostic process, the complete diagnosis 
has been completed and we are moving to a stage where we are in the implementation stage. All 
these questions that you talk about in terms of our business mixes, in terms of the way we deliver, 
in terms of the ROA, ROE, all these is part of the diagnostic, and the results are with us. Now, 
we are looking at setting up the vision statements and then what exactly are going to be the 
deliverables in the next three months, six months, and nine months’ time. I think the reserves 
that are there are organic in nature the way we are looking at it, but the moment we put in place 
this implementation phase, you will find that the results will start delivering at a much faster 
pace. And obviously, right from the business growth to the revenue streams which is interest and 
other incomes, to the profitability and the ROE, ROA actually forms the complete cycle of the 
way we look at the business. Anything that you would like to add? 
Kapish Jain: 
Amit, your question was on the ROE that we would like to look for and in terms of about the 
number of 15%. MD mentioned when he was speaking earlier on that we are operating in a BAU 
manner, but the environment in itself is not a conducive environment. We had lockdowns last 
quarter, we had lockdowns in the same quarter last year as well. So, this is creating some 
challenges on the road. But our endeavor is, and as you have noted, we have reduced our loan 
book share on the corporate side from 21% as of June of 20 to around 18% now. And we 
reviewed our share of corporate book, we would be in better position to enhance our gearing. 
And with enhanced gearing I'll be able to then have a better ability to get capital expanded. The 
opportunity for us to get to that 15% ROE is definitely there in a steady-state normalized 
environment where the credit cost do not really come and hit you hard. It's something that we 
will look for and our objective in a medium term perspective would be to touch upon to that 
ROE of 15% with a larger share of retail and maybe a single-digit corporate share to touch when 
a gearing of around 7-8% and with around 1.6to 1.8x like what we mentioned earlier we should 
be able to get to that 15% ROE, but I am not saying that this is something that we can achieve 
this year. This is something which we are going to plan for ourselves over the next couple of 
years to achieve to that number, because the book will also take some time to build in. We have 
got to a gearing of around 6.4x. So, as we move higher with a larger retail book, that’s what we 
are going to endeavor ourselves to reach. We are looking into other opportunities to enhance our 
avenues in the form of fee income, in the form of co-lending opportunities as well which gives 
an addition on our fees without stepping on our capital, are other avenues which will enable that 
to possible. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Just to take you a little back into the financial year 2019 the company had an ROE which was 
beyond 15%. I think the company has demonstrated it previously. It is a cycle in which it all 
started that the company had some issues in terms of its corporate book, and then the stresses 
that come up, but we can tell you with a lot of commitment and a lot of authority that the way 
the company is actually shaping up, there is a strong possibility that going forward in few years 
we should be able to reach that level. 
Amit Khetan: 
If the deal gets approved Mr. Puri coming and joining the Board. You have been a CEO before; 
he has been a CEO before. What kind of guidance would you expect from him, which areas do 
you think he's likely to add the most value? And from what you have said, I assume you don't 
expect to shake up the senior team very much. So, it's still going to be very much this senior 
team. Have you had discussions around a potential change in strategy and how are we going to 
leverage this individual who clearly brings a lot of experience and a strong track record to the 
table? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Amit, the matter is sub judice. We would like to wait for the SAT results to come in and then 
we would go to the Board and sit down together to review what exactly is the SAT verdict and 
I would like to comment only after that. These are conjectures. These are forward looking, and 
I would not like to comment anything on either any individual or anything that the company 
would do. The company has a plan, it's been doing on it, and that's the way it will continue to 
do, obviously with the guidance of the Board, it continues to actually operate, and that's the way 
we are going to do it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Ganatra from HDFC Mutual Funds. 
Amit Ganatra: 
Just a couple of questions from my end. One is your cost of funds have come down over the last 
one year. Have you passed on any lower interest rates to your customers? Because on reported 
basis or even on calculated basis your yield on advances continues to remain where it was one 
year ago. Whereas for many of your peers it has come down very sharply. So, can you highlight 
what it has been, has there been any reduction in the lending rate for you on your back book 
also? And what is the current interest rates on the back book on retail? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
CFO will cover in detail. But let me tell you, in terms of the lending rate and in terms of 
calibrating the lending rates, the company is continuously going to look forward. The company 
looks at that and we are going to quote the rates that we are going to borrow, add whatever costs 
are required to be added to it, on the borrowing costs, the cost of borrowing, and then the lending 
rate is arrived at. The company continues to look at those things. In the last about 6-7 months, 
the company has brought down the interest rates on four occasions. And these have been pretty 
well received because if you look at when the business was completely normal and we got the 
90 days in the fourth quarter of FY21 which is January to March, the company did significant 
amount of business. And therefore, there is a big scope for doing good business. We will 
continue to do good business at the cost at which we are offering the lending rates. So, in terms 
of the rates we look at it, the ALCO sits, the ALCO decides on the rates, and we see what is the 
best that we could do. This is on the cost. On the cost of borrowings also the company has in 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
terms of the cost of borrowing if you look at it, and cost of fund and other things I leave it to the 
CFO to cover it. In terms of the cost of borrowing, we have renegotiated everything. Every bank 
and every lender we have gone, and we have spoken to them, and we have told them that there 
is a significant, whether if it a 100-basis points reduction in the REPO and other things, if there 
is a reduction of about 70-80 basis points in the MCLRs of various banks that you look at it. We 
have continuously got ourselves engaged. It is not just actually bringing down the interest rates 
on the MCLR. Just because the MCLR has come down but it is renegotiating the spreads over 
the MCLR. I think that is one of the reasons that we had engaged with every bank and 
fortunately, for us that everybody realized that yes there is a big opportunity to reduce the interest 
rates and keeping in view the way the company operates, it operates under the umbrella of PNB 
name. So, we have been able to negotiate. That's one of the reasons why we have been able to 
do it. I think it can also cover on the spreads and NIMs and other things on the cost of funds etc.  
Kapish Jain: 
So, Amit, there are two parts of this. So, one is on the new acquisition, yes, on the new 
acquisition we have reduced our rates. Like our MD mentioned four times we have done this 
and as and when we get benefit on our cost of borrowing on the incremental long-term money 
that I'm borrowing, we try to see how we can be more cooperative on the offering with regard 
to pricing to our customers and also maintaining a reasonable spread on the new acquisition. So 
that's something we have done. Our new acquisition pricing has come down from what it was in 
last year same time to what it is today. On the old book as well, we have a board driven repricing 
policy, which helps us in working with our customers, considering factors on their credit profile 
to pass on them on repricing benefits that they can take in under a defined policy, which is 
approved by my Board and in line with what the regulator prescribes. With taking them into 
consideration we do offer repricing opportunity to our existing customers from a retention 
perspective and on the new acquisition we have reduced our rates when I'm acquiring customer 
what it was last year to what it is now. On overall book with regard to old book, we have not 
done any realignment across the board on the pricing.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
It’s very important that the CFO mentioned that this is regarding actually incremental long-term 
borrowing. I think we look at it pretty differently. I mentioned to you the incremental cost of 
borrowing has come down to 5.74% but when we look at the lending rates and the stability of 
before and the long-term product that we have, we always look at the incremental long-term 
borrowings rate that what is it that we are doing it and that would always be different than 
incremental short-term rate that we would sometimes get one of the best rates we could get it. I 
think those are very important things from the point of view for profitability point of view that 
the yields on advances as well as the spreads or other things we are able to control, net interest 
margin is maintained. I think these are some of the things that we are continuously looking at it.  
Amit Ganatra: 
My second question is that, now what we've seen in last 1 year is the mix that you have and the 
return ratios and NIM and all you're delivering, is based on a book which has gone down. Now 
I am assuming that you will get growth capital soon and once you get that and you start growing, 
I just wanted to know that the future growth when it starts happening, will the mix be similar in 
terms of your LAP as well as housing loan and also the mix between salaried and self-employed, 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
I mean the future composition of AUM will it look similar to what it is currently or that is going 
to change meaningfully going ahead? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Actually, the portfolio has been rebalanced, so if you look at it, with the down-selling and the 
faster repayment of the corporate book the book as such is actually showing a completely 
difference. So, the rebalancing will continuously take place, when we said January that we are 
going to rebalance the whole portfolio by becoming a retail focused organization then we very 
clearly mean that and that's the way we are going to do it. In terms of actually anything that we 
are going to do for a building a new book and other things, we will continue to actually focus on 
that book. The corporate can give me a higher rate but we are looking at a very stable book, 
extremely stable book. These are the books which will enable us to actually take care of the 
when there is an economic bump that keep on coming in and that's the way we are going to 
actually respond to the whole business. 
Kapish Jain:  
Amit before I forget, one more element why my yields are staying where they are, maybe a year 
prior though my new acquisition was at a lower rate. It is also because I repriced my corporate 
assets in Quarter 1 of last year. We across the board increased our rates by around 1% to 1.25% 
for my corporate assets. Benefit of that kept on coming into my book and therefore while I have 
reduction in the retail assets, the incremental new earning that I got from the corporate kept that 
blended yield at a similar level with 10-20 basis points reduction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from Systematix. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Given the fact that we are increasing our digital foray, what life stages of the credit is going to 
affect and what are the budgeting exercises done for the OPEX decrease if you can guide for 
that, that's point number one. Point number two is, the LAP I see a large portion of the book 
being more than 70 lakhs. So how many customers do we have outstanding for that particular 
book and given the fact that we are talking about granularising the book, what kind of proportion 
we can look at maybe in 2-3 years’ time, what could be retail, what could be LAP and what 
could be non-retail if you can? 
Nitant Desai: 
On digital footprint can you please repeat your question so that I can give pointed response? 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Sure. What kind of OPEX decline are you looking at the digital sourcing increase and which all 
parts of the life stages of credit is digital going to affect? Has it only sourcing or there are various 
other life stages that we've also planned out because we also spoke about analytics, so one is 
with life stages of credit digital foray going to affect? Second what is the OPEX decline one can 
look at given the fact that digital foray is increased? 
Nitant Desai: 
First of all, the digital footprint will be implemented across the life cycle of the loan and it is not 
only restricted only to the underwriting process or a collection process, it is end to end. As you 
see our direct initiatives that we have just taken on digital sourcing and digital applying for a 
digital application for the customer to apply for the loan, it is gaining momentum. However, it 
is too early for any initiative to come out with a targeted OPEX reduction upfront because this 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
increase into productivity also results into some kind of an augment of the staff required to 
process a similar amount of number. So those calculations will fructify only probably when the 
digital initiative reaches to its peak or it reaches to a stabilize mode.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
Shubhranshu, on the digital side, right from the acquisition which is I spoke about 46% is the 
acquisition and then what we are saying is, I mentioned to you about the rule engine, I mentioned 
to you about the business rule engines which are important. The salaried will go through the 
complete automated processes with completely new rules being written, automating the whole 
processes, duplicacies being removed, redundancy being removed, RPAs taking over the 
repetitive work. Similarly, as it moved forward is moved towards the disbursement leg and then 
it finally goes through the collection leg and papers filed, e-KYC. A lot of work which is the 
repetitive and which is very expensive. The acquisition cost comes down, very critical for us. 
Sometimes it becomes self-servicing. Actually, the underwriting cost comes down significantly. 
The collection is already we are working on it but at the moment we integrated fully with our 
tiger app that we call for the collection. All these things are significant in terms of bringing down 
the cost to income. We are looking at that in case or I would not say in case, when we go ahead 
and fully implement it, the acquisition is fully, so similarly the whole cycle is actually integrated 
but the rule engine is going to come only after September-October. Once we have done it, it's a 
volume game that we are looking at it. We should be in a position to improve the volume. 
Therefore, instead of saying that how much cost I will be able to reduce. I think a good measure 
would be to understand that we should have a very controlled, calibrated cost to income basis. 
The income can go up with the business volumes that we will generate and the cost will not go 
up in the same proportion as the other things will actually grow. I think those are some of the 
very important things in terms of the digital push that the company is having. We'd like to be 
called a strong digital company. On the LAP and other things would you like to respond?  
Jatul Anand: 
Yes. See loan against property if we see that up to INR 75 lakhs segment there is an increase in 
portfolio and which you mentioned beyond that you see a decrease because incrementally and 
this is not recent, last 4-5 quarters incrementally the focus has been to funding of the LAP cases 
around 30-40 and even 75 not more than 75 lakhs. When we see this our average LTV is less 
than 50% when we speak and then on the LAP, we find that the predominantly self-employed 
portfolio with an average age of 40 years plus, these are second or third generation business 
profiles. So, I hope I have answered it.  
Rajan Suri:  
On NHL piece where we are talking about ticket size, our ticket size we have considerably 
reduced in more than 75 lakhs. If you talk about 75 lakhs earlier, some 1 or 2 years back we 
were at somewhere around 14%-15%. Now we're come down to 14% there. Our INR 2 to 5 
crores ticket size come down from 20% to 9% and similarly in 5 crores, we have come down to 
16% to 3%. That's where we are moving to a granular ticket size in terms of NHL business. As 
Jatul mentioned, we are very careful in sourcing these kinds of business because almost every 
month we get these advisories from underwriting team to pick up those cases which have a good 
CIBIL record and all those things. In CIBIL also we are very careful. We're not picking up good 
CIBIL cases also. So that's where we are currently. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
The number of customers outstanding with more than 75 lakhs of exposure in the LAP book, 
that was my question. I understand the granularity part of it. If you can give me those numbers. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Shubhranshu as of now we would not have those numbers handy. We will come back on that.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
During the course, if we are able to get that we'll just give it to you. Otherwise, we can go to the 
next question.  
Moderator: 
The next question was from Nidhesh Jain from Investec. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Just one question on our credit rating update and any interaction with the credit rating agencies. 
Since our performance has been reasonably good, we have cut our gearing, our book seems to 
be very well provided. I think we are carrying the highest provision as percentage of the loan 
book amongst all the HFCs. What credit rating agencies are waiting for to upgrade our credit 
rating? 
Kapish Jain: 
Nidhesh, actually we did have one conversation round with the rating agencies in the last quarter. 
One thing is that capital is not coming in as a real demand because they are drawing some 
comfort on the gearing side and they are now looking into the other aspects of the business as 
well to build a case for rating. They could see that our gearing has come down. They could also 
see that we have reduced the mix between retail and corporate. So those are the comforting 
factors. There similar conversation has moved to other aspects of the business to enable us to 
build that case or a twostep process. The first step would be to see our outlook change from 
current status to a stable or a positive stage and then to have the next level conversation on the 
rating improvement as well. COVID wave 2 does brings in some stop to that process because 
they would now like to wait and watch to see how things are stabilizing for players in the market 
to start any further conversation on the ratings improvement.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
But the current gearing from their perspective, so I want to understand that on a sustainable basis 
is the current gearing a sustainable number from credit rating comfort or they want much lower 
gearing from these levels also. 
Kapish Jain: 
Yes. They're using words like the current gearing is reasonable. The current getting is fair, so 
they're not giving us a very strong thumbs up kind of a statement because of the environment 
but they are not raising anymore concerns on the gearing because the corporate book has also 
come down and the gearing otherwise has also improved with internal accruals coming in as 
well.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
There is a disconnect between the gearing that they are looking at it and the gearing that NHB 
looks at. We have told NHB also to reconcile with them that why they are looking at differently. 
But anyway, they obviously are looking at and everybody because of the lot of capital that has 
been infused in many of the HFCs they are looking at lower gearing. There is no second thought 
about it. However, 6.4x that we have achieved is a good gearing in terms of the risk and the 
reward and other thing.  

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Yes, because if we are required to further bring down our gearing that will mean that our ROEs 
will always be suppressed. That is a bit of a concern. Second in terms of yields, if you can share 
what are the yield on our current book on the retail portfolio and on the housing portfolio. 
Rajan Suri: 
Yield on retail book for this quarter i.e. incremental for Q1FY22, is 8.73%,  
Nidhesh Jain: 
And on the housing portfolio, housing loan book? 
Rajan Suri: 
Incremental yield for Q1FY22 for housing its 8.41%.  
Kapish Jain: 
Nidhesh he's talking about new acquisition.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
These are the incremental yields.  
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Yes.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
Can you share the book yields also that would be useful? 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
So, book yield for retail segment, Nidhesh, is 9.58%, within that individual housing loan book 
yield is 9.19%.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Onkar G from Shree Consultancies.  
Onkar G: 
Once this project is implemented what kind of growth are you looking at? 
Rajan Suri: 
We have clarified in the last conference call also where we mentioned that we will be targeting 
around 50% to 60% of growth on disbursement, so we will be carrying on with that. That's where 
our endeavor is to reach. We are focusing on that number currently. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Just give a flavor of the disbursement that you made last year so that they can understand.  
Rajan Suri: 
We are pretty sure that we will be able to achieve these numbers because if you see in the last 
year quarter of Q4 we were able to get around INR 4,000 crores of disbursement in the quarter 
where in the month of March we were able to do almost INR 1,500 crores of business. If you 
see going forward, we have got all wherewithal. 
Hardayal Prasad:  
Onkar, we did approximately INR 10,000 crores of disbursements last year.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
I think that is what they are looking at.  When he says 40% to 50% we would look at this kind 
of growth. It also comes from on the assumption that there will not be lockdowns and other thing 
that is one part. And that is one we are going to bake it into us, the MOU or the budgeting that 
we want to do. However, your question is beyond that and I will let you know. What you are 
saying is that when I'm going to be done with this project IGNITE with my consultants what is 
the kind of growth I would be looking at it? Now this is something that will also flow in, some 
of it will flow in this INR 14,000-15,000 crores that he's talking about. Some of it will flow in 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
because of the changes in the processes into the territories, into the system that we are going to 
introduce and some of the business is going to come because of those changes in the 1 year that 
we are going to have. However, the changes are going to be significant once we have stabilized 
the whole operation. That is, it's a 1-year project. So, I would assume that after about 9 months 
and about 6 months from now we should see some good traction coming in into the whole and 
Rajan just mentioned that we are looking at that kind of disbursement improvement which is I 
think in my opinion we can very easily take it up over there assuming that the COVID-wave 3 
is not there. There are no more lockdowns across India and we are in a position to have business 
as usual.  
Rajan Suri: 
Because Project IGNITE is just not about as MD mentioned. It’s just not about generating our 
numbers. It’s about having complete overhaul of the systems, overhaul of the processes, 
increasing our digital footprint across the organization. There are many things which will be 
taken care by this Project IGNITE and obviously we are foraying into big time into now into 
affordable housing so that’s also a part of Project IGNITE and we are taking it up very seriously 
and all this thing will add value there.  
Onkar G: 
I was saying that just from the first question which I asked, I was saying that whatever you have 
said it means that from the next financial year the project should start giving its results right? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Onkar G: 
The second question is on the capital adequacy. Since you already have a 21% and with the new 
capital coming in what would be your target areas for the growth? 
Kapish Jain: 
Onkar within our target areas for growth, we would so obviously we have made that statement 
that our endeavor would be to grow into the retail segment. There's a stated NHB directive as 
well that you need to maintain home housing at around, the individual housing at around 50% 
and overall housing at around 60%. That's the broader framework for us with regard to business 
mix. So, nothing really changes with regard to our new opportunities in terms of product 
segments. It would be retail driven, it would be individual housing and the LAP mix, the mix 
here could be in the range of around 70% to 75% of individual and 25% to 30% of LAP. That's 
the kind of mix which we have always maintained. In the housing portfolio, we have the product 
Unnati which is our focus area as well which we want to build up in a calibrated manner and 
MD just mentioned that we are talking about moving into 13 new locations as well. That will 
give us an additional uplift on our overall yield as well. But this is not as we want to drive them 
in a reckless manner entering this portfolio. It will be a very good gradual progression to making 
sure that we have the set infrastructure available with regard to collection recovery as we build 
the asset base. So, the focus would not change, anywhere it would be retail, it would be 
individual home loan, LAP driven, some bit by Unnati as well. Other aspects of the business 
which will come into grill, bring in further revenue for us would definitely be aspects like co-
lending and as MD mentioned in the statement as well that co-lending gives me an opportunity 
to get there additional ROA uplift because I don’t invest my capitals. I get upfront income in the 
form of other fees and revenues as well. I am able to target customers whom I otherwise may 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
not have been able to if they are really very prime segment customers. With this that kind of 
customer I do make a decent spread as well as I do co-lending. So that’s additional aspect of 
business that we want to work on.  
Onkar G: 
Whatever you have just said this is irrespective of the Carlyle deal you are talking about, right? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
We are talking about business as usual, that is one part and we don't know, the matter is sub 
judice.  
Onkar G: 
Yes, whether that goes through or it doesn’t? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Anything on the capital or anything we would like to wait for it and we will be ready with it, 
once we have some kind of a clarity that comes from the SAT and we will go back to the board, 
discuss it extensively and come out with our strategy in terms of whatever the direction that we 
would like to make. As part of our business, it's a large organization, it’s an organization with 
about INR 70,000-75,000 crores of business. It has its own way of doing it and it has those 
strategies in place to grow. It knows what exactly it wants to do it. It's just a question of whatever 
new things that you have you would like to tweak your strategy for optimum results. I think 
that's one thing that we would like to look at it, given the circumstances that we operate in.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Jain from Sumit Associates. 
Sumit Jain: 
You have mentioned that you have raised the NHB refinance of nearly 490 crores in Q1, right? 
Sumit Jain: 
Your incremental cost of and for the Q3 is 5.7% something, right? 
Kapish Jain: 
Yes. 
Sumit Jain: 
Total borrowing, how much total borrowing we have done in Q1? 
Kapish Jain: 
So, it was a mis-statement. The amount is INR 1,490 crores not INR 490 crores. We did INR 
1,490 crores from NHB in Quarter 1 and the total volume that we did in Quarter 1 its around 
INR 5,500 crores is what we raised in Quarter 1. 
Sumit Jain: 
Out of 5,500 crores you have raised 1,490 crores something from NHB refinance, right? 
Kapish Jain: 
Yes. 1,490 crores. 
Sumit Jain: 
NHB refinance is basically short-term liability or long-term? 
Kapish Jain: 
It’s a 1-year money. 
Sumit Jain: 
Special refinancing. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Kapish Jain: 
It’s a 1-year money but I would also like to assume that NHB has been supportive of us and 
every year we have been able to draw new sanctions so we should be able to get this refinance 
as well. We should be able to get it refinanced and further extend it once this money comes to 
maturity.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Qazi Saifur Rasool from ICICI Bank. 
Qazi Saifur Rasool: 
I just have a quick question here. I am trying to understand the rationale behind making it a retail 
centric portfolio by January because as far as I can think increasing the exposure towards the 
retail segment will definitely increase the risk of the portfolio as well. So, until the economy is 
performing perfectly, in the distressed times I think the loan to value ratio will decrease 
significantly because the probability of a decline in the value of Grade A properties which are 
in the case of corporate borrowers is very low when compared to individual housing. I just want 
to understand the rationale behind making it a retail focus portfolio by January. 
Rajan Suri: 
Qazi, I mean if you understand this total break up of how things are panning out and how things 
have been for us in the past also. So, the corporate portfolio was not doing that great for us and 
we categorically we have started moving towards, shifted our focus towards retail business. The 
main purpose is that we were not getting too much into a bulk size business in a corporate where 
we want to spread; we don't want to have a concentrated risk in our book. The main purpose is 
to have a well spread-out book and the risk is obviously been split out in that ways. You 
understand that the risk weight associated with that book, there is risk weight associated with 
the book of corporate is pretty high in terms of. Its 100% is a risk weight associated with the 
book and if you talk about risk weight associated with the retail book it is in the range of 50%. 
There also we are able to deploy our money in a much more efficient manner where we will be 
able to get much more returns. If you see all those aspects putting together the risk, the capital, 
the return, everything I think this makes a much more sensible proposition for us to be in a retail 
book. 
Saurabh Suri: 
Adding to what Rajan has said, real estate is quite a cyclical business and it has its own nuances. 
So management here very well understands when the risks are enumerating in certain kind of a 
portfolio and we are very proactive to understand that when to start and when to stop and that's 
the most important aspect. We were quick enough to realize that there are systematic issues and 
we were quick enough to react to it, bring down that part of the book very quickly. Somebody 
was holding on to this book in the COVID times, this is one of the most impacted part of the 
books, specially LRDs and everything. We were very quick enough to shut off this part of the 
portfolio and save on our capital. Again, it's a cyclical business. As of now our thought is that 
till the economy stabilizes, till the situation stabilizes we would want to diversify our risk, be 
more on the retail side and we will see as and when the situation improves. As of now we will 
be within the absolutely correct strategy. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Qazi, the one thing is this on the consumption of the capital and obviously corporate ask for 
massive capital. It's a capital-intensive business also that's one part of it. But please remember 
that whenever we are talking about the retail, we are simultaneously talking about creation of 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
verticals, affordable housing and I think the Government of India is also very clear in terms of 
the affordable housing and they are promoting it. Secondly, if you talk to any of the builders you 
realize that everybody is concentrating on building affordable housing flats. There is massive 
opportunity that is going to come up in India on the affordable housing side as well as loans 
which are less than 2 crores also. I think it gives you a very a large portfolio which will become 
stable as we grow. A minimum mass of portfolio is going to be very stable portfolio and it is not 
vagaries of the economic cycle. It's not the cyclical business that took today, suddenly you know 
one INR 500 crores account, it can actually create some little bit of a turmoil in the company, 
those kinds of things. I think retail, it gives you very good stability and the moment you enter 
and perfect and you start doing good amount of affordable, the overall yields on advances 
improves. I think that is very critical from our perspective and that's what we are looking at it 
that how do we manage it and how do we ensure that these NIMs and others are actually 
improving continuously? I think that's one of the ethos and on which we are moving and we are 
going to build on it. 
Moderator: 
We will take one last question which is from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
I think you may have discussed it earlier briefly but if you don't mind repeating. You have done 
a disbursement of around INR 10,000 crores last year. What is the target you are looking for this 
year and maybe the following year? 
Rajan Suri: 
So, Deepak I think I am just repeating it. I have done it again previously also to, we are just 
targeting almost 40% to 50% growth over INR 10,000 crore. So that's the number that we are 
targeting currently. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
For this year and maybe next year do you have any targets or is it still?  
Rajan Suri: 
Next year, we would see, we will get back to you on that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi for closing comments. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on the call. If you have any questions unanswered, please 
feel free to get in touch with Investor Relations. The transcript of this call will be uploaded on 
our website. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PNB Housing Finance Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
August 04, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Response to the unanswered query: 
1) Number of customers outstanding with more than INR 75 lakhs of exposure in the LAP 
book: 2,886 loan accounts as on 30th June, 2021 
